Conspiracy theory-fueled extremism has long been a reaction to progressive government in the United States. Half a century ago, historian Richard Hofstadter wrote that right-wing thought had come to be dominated by the belief that Communist agents had infiltrated all levels of American government and society. The right, he explained, had identified a “sustained conspiracy, running over more than a generation, and reaching its climax in Roosevelt’s New Deal, to undermine free capitalism, to bring the economy under the direction of the federal government, and to pave the way for socialism or communism.” In a 2009 report, the Southern Poverty Law Center found that the anti-government militia movement — which had risen to prominence during the Clinton administration and faded away during the Bush years — has returned. According to the SPLC, the anti-government resurgence has been buttressed by paranoid rhetoric from public officials like Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann and media figures like Fox News’ Glenn Beck. Just last month, Gregory Giusti pleaded guilty to repeatedly threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi — including threatening to destroy her California home — because he was “upset with her passing the health care law.” His mother told a local news station that he “frequently gets in with a group of people that have really radical ideas,” adding, “I’d say Fox News or all of those that are really radical, and he — that’s where he comes from.” After the 2008 election, Fox News personalities filled the airwaves with increasingly violent rhetoric and apocalyptic language. On his Fox News show, Beck talked about “put[ting] poison” in Pelosi’s wine.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
The battle by autoworkers in the United States has reached a critical juncture. After Fiat Chrysler workers overwhelmingly defeated the contract pushed by the United Auto Workers earlier this month, the UAW has brought back another deal crafted to meet the strategic aims of the auto corporations and Wall Street.
Why is that Leftwingers are always pushing for more population growth (to fuel the economy) when they must know that growth of that sort will necessarily bring some degradation of the environment—more cars, more roads, more houses, more school construction, less open space, etc? I don’t get it! If there is some Open Borders Leftwinger who would like to explain it to me and our readers, I would very much welcome a guest column.
Much of my work is for television. I'm best known for playing Bart Simpson for 10 years. When different actors were brought in because of a contract dispute, the public demanded we be brought back. Mexican dubbers mostly use a kind of neutral Spanish without accents or regional expressions so all Latin America can understand. We have the best dubbing industry, and the competition in Argentina and Venezuela just doesn't have our finesse or tradition. Top Cat in Spanish has a personality and feeling that is missing in English - and I take my hat off to the woman who voiced the witch in Snow White.
I don't often get recognised as being the voice of Julia Roberts. I think women's voices are much harder to identify than men's. But being Julia has definitely brought work my way. Some adverts want the sound of "Julia Roberts" and I have also done Charlotte's Web because it was originally Julia who did the voiceover.
He brought us word-of-mouth recognition, and more readers—just the same way he is now bringing eyeballs to newscasts, and page views to Web sites… Over the course of our years at Spy, we fact-checked his books and his finances (with predictable results), trolled him by sending miniscule checks — as low as 13 cents —to see if he’d cash them (he did), and wrote up his all-but-forgotten business debacles. (Remember the "Trump Castle World Power Boat Championship"?)
In your case, it sounds like you both have different prices of admission when it comes to having sex at all. Your price of admission is frequent sex. Her price of admission is no penetration, or only when she’s completely into it. Thus the apparent libido gap. Which brings me to my next point:
You also state that it’s not really about the sex, it’s about the intimacy that you’re not feeling. Which brings up yet another reason for a libido gap: that there are deeper problems with the relationship. Problems like not truly having feelings for each other, or not trusting each other. Or perhaps more personal problems for one or both of you (think depression or anxiety). And it’s these issues that are the problem—the mismatched libido is merely a symptom, not the cause. It’s up to you whether or not you want to work through those problems. But I need to be honest with you—if I were in the relationship that you have described here, I would end the relationship. I would be breaking up with my partner.
Which brings me to my last point. Sometimes a libido gap isn’t a libido gap. It’s just a gap, plain and simple. An everything gap. And that gap can be too big to bridge. We need to reframe breaking up in our community—everyone talks about it like the worst thing that could happen to a relationship. It can actually be the best thing. It means both of you get to be honest about what you’re truly feeling, instead of keeping up a charade and wasting time y’all could be out courting people who are fulfilling your needs. It could mean that you remain friends because you haven’t ventured into the place where your relationship (not the romantic kind) is irreparable. It could mean that you never speak to each other again, and that’s okay too! But whatever the case, we don’t have to look at it as a thing that has to get ugly. Or a moment that has to be entirely sad. Endings are beginnings too, and I recommend you end this era and begin something new and different.
Thursday brought rebukes from two prominent Republican senators and a member of the highly influential Murdoch family, staunch supporters of the President.
From the massive Chronicles of Darkness: Dark Eras main book, we have pulled this single chapter, Dark Eras: Beneath the Skin (Demon and Skinchangers 1486-1502 Aztec Empire). Ahuitzotl sits on the throne at the height of the Aztec Empire, overseeing his sorcerer-priests’ sacrifices and the endless flower wars his jaguar and eagle warriors carry out in his name to keep the altars well-supplied with victims. The gears of the Aztec Empire turn smoothly and inexorably, but not everything is what it pretends to be. Skinchangers take the shapes of animals to run the wilds or bring down human prey, the Unchained cobble together identities from stolen lives, and stranger things still lurk in the deserts and jungles beyond the walls of Tenochtitlan.
Fiction and story hooks to bring these beasts of legend to your Hunter: The Vigil chronicle.
A more recent addition to the special counsel team, Greg Andres, helped bring to justice the Bonanno crime family boss as a young mob prosecutor in Brooklyn, N.Y. Through the course of the trial, Andres helped unravel dozens of crimes over three decades, using federal agents and members of the crime family as narrators. One of his key witnesses was the brother-in-law of the defendant, Joseph Massino.
Fans caught on and started keeping track of each message via internet forums. Which brings us to the next point.
Xena was originally only brought into Hercules because producer Rob Tapert wanted a dark figure to counterbalance the cheerful and heroic Hercules.
From news accounts and our own documentation, we know that the AlMaghrib retreat was his last AlMaghrib course or seminar. We also know that he left England for a Middle Eastern country (where he remained for a few months), and eventually made his way to Yemen, where he interacted with an American-born cleric whose vision of Islam was completely at odds with our own. It was this cleric who apparently inspired him to open a new chapter in his life, and who brainwashed this 19-year old introvert into believing that murdering two hundred innocent people, including many women and children (some of them even fellow Muslims), would somehow bring him closer to his Lord and earn him reward on Judgment Day.
These changes, the White House said, are necessary to eliminate the deficit over 10 years, though many critics have questioned the budget math used to wipe out the gap between spending and revenue. Because the government spends more than it brings in through revenue, the government runs a deficit, which adds to the federal debt each year.
Walker said there were other reasons for the discrepancy in government growth. The county removed park funding from its general fund and the Emergency Medical Services levy renewed at a much higher rate in 2007, $630 million over six years. The owner of a $400,000 home is paying $120 a year for the service. The county funnels the EMS monies into a separate account, while Seattle puts its EMS revenue in its general fund. And Seattle has raised its business and occupation tax rates and added more paid, on-street parking spaces to try to bring in more money.
Just like money can buy influence in politics, it can buy influence in dietary guidelines. Kamal Patel, director at Examine.com, a site that aims to bring relevant studies to nutrition topics, explained the connection this way:
And this brings me to our next IMAX screening: TRON: Legacy.
There is, perhaps, a sense that the battle is lost; that it is not worth fighting any more in a climate where we are all being monitored. New surveillance technologies or increasing corporate control of space are not the most worrying developments of our time, however – the biggest concern is growing apathy. So before you dismiss urban exploration as a weird fad – or mark it as just another interesting tab in your flooded browser to look at later – be aware that these explorers risked death and imprisonment to bring you these photos and that they insist it was worth it, because if we don’t even know these spaces exist we can hardly have a public conversation about what to do with them. Urban exploration carries on the important work of exploratory journalism; it spreads stories that help us perceive worlds other than the ones presented to us, and it gives us an alternative where one has not been offered. Urban exploration is an apathy killer.
Video caption Racism in the US: Is there a single step that can bring equality?
"With less than 24 hours to go in these talks, the DUP have not moved to resolve the issues which brought down the institutions in January," Mr O'Dowd said.
The new API’s were great, but they necessitated defensive coding in languages not suited for it (e.g., enabling the styling of HTML5 tags in IE’s not recognizing HTML5 with the appropriately-named html5shiv). It also brought about the idea of graceful degradation, where you not only have to worry about getting the functionality to work properly as it is coded, but also somewhat work when functions, features and entire languages are ripped away via browser incompatibilities and user preferences.
"I’ve seen two proposals for water quality in our state over the last year. One was a lawsuit," said Rep. Peter Cownie, R-West Des Moines, referencing a suit brought by the Des Moines Water Works against three northwest Iowa counties over water quality.
Ted Stopulos, a legislative liaison for the governor, said the bill was designed to be a starting "framework" for discussions. He said Branstad has been meeting with stakeholders in the weeks since announcing his plan and his administration plans to bring amendments to address a number of issues that have caused some concern.
Microsoft is bringing its classic Hover! game back to life, on the web. The game combines bumper cars and capture the flag, and originally shipped on Windows 95 CDs in a special folder called fun stuff. Microsoft has worked with Dan Church, an independent developer, to bring Hover! to the web. It took around eight weeks to get it ready in time for the launch today, and Hover! fans will be able to play the PC classic in retro and modern modes.
British society could do with modernisation, in my view. It’s so 1980s. But I doubt if Brexit will bring that about. Instead, the British will be occupied with rebuilding the bridges to the EU that they are just about to tear down.
“We brought the gas to the surface and have lit it up since May 10. By now, the drill has been running continually for eight days,” project leader and deputy chief engineer at the China Geological Survey Ye Jianliang told the South China Morning Post. “The daily output [of gas] exceeds 10,000 cubic meters. The best day recorded 35,000 cubic meters.”
Achieving this goal will require strong leadership. While it is difficult for you to move from waging war to waging peace, history documents that the latter brings better outcomes and forestalls worse slaughter and blowbacks that security experts fear could reach our country.
The pubs themselves view real ale as a crucial part of their identity, and one that offers benefits to their business as much as it does to the city’s reputation as a standout destination for beer. “Being recognized as a ‘real ale’ pub is enormously important to us, and certainly brings in many customers locally, and attracts out of town visitors,” Cutter says. “Being part of a successful and vibrant real ale city makes us extremely fortunate – but being recognized as an award winning real ale pub put our establishment in the forefront, ahead of many others.”
And that brings us to Donald Trump's first Bill Clinton problem:
Trump's rationale, Todd said, is that he was a private citizen, not a politician, when he said nice things about the Clintons, and that being nice to powerful people is good for business. Which brings us to Trump's second Bill Clinton problem:
If only some spouses are off-limits, then Trump has to come up with a better explanation why his wife is untouchable — not that anyone in the Clinton camp is attacking her — and Bill Clinton is not. Otherwise he's playing his own "woman's card." Which brings us to Trump's final Bill Clinton problem:
But the Chandlers want kids, and they were more concerned about moving forward with that plan without the legal protections afforded to straight families throughout Georgia than they were concerned about the intrusion a lawsuit would bring on their private lives.
President  rump has laid out our princi ples or tax reorm: First, make the tax code simple, air and easy to understand. Second, give American workers a pay raise by allowing them to keep more o their hard-earned pay checks. Tird, make America the jobs magnet o  the world by levelin g the playing ﬁeld or American businesses and workers. Finally , bring back trillions o dollars that are currently kept oﬀshore to reinvest in the American economy. Te President’ s our princip les are consisten t with the goals o both congression al tax-writing committees, and are at the core o this ramework or ﬁxing America’s broken tax code. oo many in our country are shut out o the dynamism o the U.S. economy, which has led to the justiﬁable eeling that the system is rigged against hardw orking American s. With signiﬁcan t and meaningul tax reorm and relie, we will create a airer system that levels the playing ﬁeld and extends economic opportunities to American workers, small businesses, and middle-income amilies. Te rum p Administration and Congress will work together to produce tax reorm that w ill put America ﬁrst.
When Rand Paul dropped out of the presidential race in February 2016, the self-described "libertarianish" senator from Kentucky vowed: "I will continue to fight for criminal justice reform, for privacy, and your Fourth Amendment rights. I will continue to champion due process over indefinite detention." On Thursday, amid the hullaballoo of former FBI director James Comey's dramatic testimony on Capitol Hill, Paul brought a handful of libertarian reporters inside his Senate office to discuss his recent work on these projects.
It's bustling, rowdy and a bit rough-and-ready, and that's all part of the appeal. This family-run restaurant is hard to beat when it comes to hearty, home-style Greek fare. Select from a list of mezedes, which includes homemade dips, classic zucchini fritters with tzatziki and Aunty Thea Ellie's tiropita (crisp, golden pastry filled with a mixture of warm feta and ricotta cheese, $6). Generous servings of souvlaki come with salad for $15, or $5 per skewer. In addition to traditional yiros (kebabs) at $10 a plate, there's a range of grilled seafood, including octopus, prawns, calamari and scallops (all under $20). You can bring your own wine (corkage $2) and they'll throw in the party atmosphere for free.
The island's abundance of seabirds and marine mammals is due largely to the influence of the Anadyr Current, an ocean current which brings cold, nutrient-rich water from the deep waters of the Bering Sea shelf edge.
"I've brought a whole load of new people in. That group has done us all proud."
A senior city official said Putin's group did not need permission to bring out such large numbers onto a public square because "what they will be having is not a rally or a march or a protest".
"This is exciting for our football program and for our fans," said head coach Mike Bobo . "Being able to bring an SEC opponent to Fort Collins speaks to the growth of our program and also speaks to the impact our new on-campus stadium is already making. We want to challenge ourselves in our non-conference schedule and also bring those quality opponents to our home field and our fans."
During a recent visiting day at her three children’s sleepaway camp in Maine, “Odd Mom Out” creator and star Jill Kargman watched as parents brought out the big guns in an all-out-battle for public affection, Upper East Side-style.
“Someone had a red wheelbarrow, pulling all the presents … There were people with Nobu sushi and I said to these moms, ‘How is that fresh?’ and they were like, ‘Oh, we were only wheels up an hour ago and we have ice packs,’” Kargman says of the private-jet-loving parents. “Someone brought a whole thing of [Chinese food from] Mr. Chow because their kids ‘missed ethnic.’”
Sleepaway camp is a rite of passage for many city tots. And with camps ranging from $8,000 to $13,000 for a full seven-week term, it’s an expensive one. But, for some parents, it’s not enough to send their kids away to lavish rural retreats. They hire professional packers to ensure their children’s trunks are perfectly assembled, send them off on private planes with platters of Zabar’s smoked salmon and even bring the household staff to visiting day to dust bust the cabin while the parents and kids reconnect after a grueling 3 ½ weeks apart.
“A lot of people go to their country clubs the day before and have them make their sushi platters and bring them up,” says Venokur, who lives on the Upper East Side.
“My daughter’s favorite food is steak. She loves it and I know she doesn’t have it at camp. My husband is crazy, and so he brought up a steak from Wolfgang’s on visiting day.”
“We were notorious because we brought up so much stuff the first year and piled it up into the car and we realized we had no way of getting it all into camp,” says Goldman. “So we had to drive into town and buy those huge, huge garbage cans with wheels to put everything in it and drag everything up.”
“Every year, there are parents who bring their housekeepers to [clean],” says Goldman. “They’re there wiping the floors and spraying the Lysol.”
“[My employees] bring Ziplocs and containers and Sharpies and label everything,” says Zgodny.
You will be reminded of this if you can bring yourself to delve into the latest report on Burma from Human Rights Watch. It makes for a harrowing read. One of the group’s researchers has carefully documented the use of rape as an instrument of terror during the Burmese military’s recent ethnic cleansing campaign, which since August has driven more than 600,000 members of the Muslim Rohingya minority into neighboring Bangladesh.
There’s no doubt that challenging, high-stakes tests can provoke anxiety in some students. But, perhaps counterintuitively, the solution to this problem is not to get rid of testing; instead, it is to encourage more testing – particularly frequent, lower-stakes testing. With many tests spread out across the year, each individual test will be worth less and thus necessarily lower stakes; students will become more accustomed to testing, and thus, less afraid of it. What’s more, every time they bring information to mind during a test, students are creating new memories from the cognitive effort involved. So more testing will lead to more learning and could decrease anxiety.
The family had asked guests not to bring cameras, or to carry signs of protest, preferring a simple, sober ceremony. But more than 3,000 mourners attended the service, most of them spilling out of a school gymnasium into the street. The funeral turned the town of less than 5,000 people into a kind of miniature United Nations – a tribute to Regeni’s short but global life.
That Regeni should have disappeared on 25 January is not coincidental. It is, in fact, a crucial clue to understanding his disappearance and murder. It was the fifth anniversary of the Egyptian revolution of 2011, and the massive demonstrations in Tahrir Square that brought the Arab Spring to Egypt and led to the ousting of President Hosni Mubarak. The date has a totemic significance for the regime of Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, for whom it represents a traumatic climbdown – a moment in which the military’s apparently unassailable grip on power seemed to slip. As a result, the army had been forced to accept the trial of Mubarak and the election of Islamist leader Mohammed Morsi, posing a serious threat to its position in Egyptian life. Such a thing could never be allowed to occur again.
Although Sisi came to power himself in the wake of mass demonstrations against Morsi, he seems to live in terror of the crowd. One of his first official acts was to ban any unauthorised assembly of more than 10 people. And each anniversary of the Tahrir Square uprising has brought bloodshed. In 2014, Sisi’s government killed more than 60 protesters around the country at the time of the anniversary. A year later, 25 people were killed, including a woman poet who tried to lay a wreath of flowers in the square.
While the independent unions were certainly regarded by the Sisi regime with extreme suspicion, the government had already gone a long way to rendering them toothless. One of Sisi’s first moves was to make the chief of the federation of independent unions his minister of labour, an appointment intended to co-opt the movement and bring it under government control. Just this summer, in a further threat to their independence, a new measure was introduced, forcing the independents to re-register or risk decertification.
The string of improbable cover stories was becoming an embarrassment even in Egypt. In a rare public rebuke, Mohammed Abdel-Hadi Allam, the editor-in-chief of al-Ahram, a government-owned newspaper, wrote: “The naive stories about Regeni’s death have hurt Egypt at home and abroad and offered some people grounds to judge what is going on in the country now to be no different from what went on before the 25 January revolution.” He compared the Regeni case to that of Khaled Said, a young Egyptian who had been seized by police in an internet cafe in 2010, and beaten to death. Photographs of Said’s body taken by his brother were posted on Facebook and became an important rallying cry for the protesters who helped bring down Hosni Mubarak.
Ed Davis was a popular player on some truly terrible Toronto Raptors teams from 2010 to 2013. An athletic big man that could rebound, block shots and finish around the rim, but wasn’t changing the fact his team couldn’t win. Traded away in a last ditch effort to save then President and General Manager Bryan Colangelo’s job, Davis has bounced from Memphis to the Lakers and is expected to decline his NBA minimum salary player option for next season to become an unrestricted free agent for the second time. So, should the rebounding challenged Raptors attempt to bring him back?
The ED outlined and instituted a 13-point plan to bring Henderson High in line with its Title IX obligations. As part of that, the faculty was made to undergo extensive training — which was very necessary because, as Pesta points out, most high schools' Title IX coordinators don't have a real, firm grasp of what the law entails. The disciplinary actions taken against Bradshaw-Bean were also scrubbed from her record, and the school had to pay for her to undergo counseling.
The case was not the first, or last, Canadian failure to bring suspected Nazi war criminals to justice.
"I am here just to tell you I am retiring from the profession but I am taking on a new role as long as I am alive. I wish to combat the corrupt politicians that have been brought into the position of power and I hope the condition of India will take good shape," Jethmalani said.
Mayfield brought it all back, from the way he immediately connected with teammates when he first arrived last season, to how he handled his responsibility after winning the starting job in fall camp – to how he played week after week.
Obama even brought up Matt Bonner, calling him “a sandwich blogger named 'Red Mamba.’”
One of the latest challenges facing administrators is whether to require all entering students to bring a computer to college, and if so, whether the computer should be a laptop or desktop. Reports on the Educause Web site show that about 100 universities have such a requirement, which in some cases is imposed only on students in certain programs.
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.92 KB Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Blush certainly brought together familiar narratives and cautionary tales for the technological age.
Bezos, though, believes NASA should go after something bigger, such as a prize for a Mars sample return mission. "One thing that the government could do is just offer a very large prize to whoever first brings back some Mars samples," he said. "It would be very interesting. That kind of horserace would create lots of attention. People would compete for it."
To meet the demand, the hospital system has canceled elective surgeries, such as hernia operations and joint replacements. It has limited time off and contracted to bring in nearly 60 traveling nurses. Administrators have also moved staff around, shifting doctors and nurses from nonclinical positions to the emergency room.
“Therefore, you cut your cloth, you account for how somebody’s training, you calculate what they bring to the game, and then you make decisions.
In Bochum, Germany, on November 14th, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
Wittmer, a BMW of North America factory driver, is a former IMSA GT Le Mans class champion, and will bring a wealth of experience to the upstart team, which made its debut at Circuit of The Americas last month.
TC: I think it’s possible then that you see something like an actual strategy or potential path towards victory coming out of this. If it’s not going to be Obamacare, I hope the Republican ask will be something like eliminating a corporate welfare subsidy Obama likes -- something like the sugar subsidy or the subsidies for Boeing. That would show a very new side of the Republican Party, it would weaken Democrats, and it would give something conservatives could bring home to their base.
“This past week has reinforced that a President-elect Trump has the capacity to rise above the campaign mudslinging,” said Lott’s former spokesman, Ron Bonjean, now a PR strategist who does not count himself as a “skeptical” Republican. “I’ve always believed that if he can bring in a team around him of solid people and get away from the late-night Twitter accounts, this could be okay.”
His unique flexibility allows him to bring his chamber up high with amazing speed and control. When he raises his thigh for a round kick, you have NO idea whether you’re about to get booted in the leg or take a shin to the head:
Once you understand the quick footwork required, this highly explosive teep combination will send your opponent flying across the ring whilst making you look like an absolute baller: Throw a front leg teep, then as it lands back on the floor, quickly drag your rear foot up to the front. Now throw your front knee up and jump up off your rear foot. As you’re in mid-air, throw the rear teep. Having blasted your opponent with your rear foot, bring it back behind you so that you land in your normal stance.
We’re really pleased to be working alongside our long term partner, The Salvation Army, to help spread the word about our offer. Their mission is to bring hope to those facing personal hardships, such as homelessness, all year, every year, and especially at Christmas.
This also brings us to the next conclusion that styles defined in style urls will always be appended and therefore override styles defined in the component, unless the inline styles don’t have a higher specificity.
It’s also worth mentioning that this wasn’t Ylvis’ first music video. In fact, musical comedy is something they consider to be very near to their hearts. The brothers, who grew up in Africa, found their love of music and comedy at a young age. “We grew up with the Life of Brian from Monty Python. We grew up in Africa and we didn’t bring enough videos, so we only had that. We had two. We had that and a Norwegian variety guy. So we developed humor that was a mix between those two,” Vegard said.
He was brought to the Tel Aviv Magistrate's Court on Wednesday morning for an extension of his arrest, where the judge emphasized the severity of the case and the condition of the victim.
So what did the team do? They brought up a couple of minor leaguers, Brandon Belt and Brandon Crawford, a first base-man and short-stop, respectively.
During the off-season, the team cleaned house, getting rid of the likes of Aaron Rowand, Cody Ross, Andres Torres, Carlos Beltran, Miguel Tejada, Jeff Keppinger, and Orlando Cabrera. This enabled the club to bring back rookies Belt and Crawford, as well as bring in the highly-anticipated switch-hitting outfielder Melky Cabrera, and speedy center-fielder Angel Pagan.
They also brought in veteran Ryan Theriot, who had just won the World Series with St. Louis the previous season.
The World doesn’t owe you anything, but you owe it the world – It’s a slight alteration to “the world doesn’t owe you anything” which according to Google has been brought up over 55,000,000 times across the indexed web.
Worse, I had to listen to my husband complain about “that God awful show you made me watch” for a month and he still brings it up if I suggest a new show. “It’s not going to be like that terrible Persons Unknown, is it?” Sigh.
This week marks the first anniversary of the US-backed military coup that brought the junta of now president and de facto dictator General Abdel Fatah al-Sisi to power.
In Egypt, all the necessary prerequisites for a revolution were present save one: a revolutionary party fighting for this perspective. The central question posed in Egypt, and internationally, is the construction of such a party, a section of the International Committee of the Fourth International, fighting to rekindle the struggles of the revolution, bring down the al-Sisi government, and take up the fight for socialism.
She said she brought him with her to an eye appointment and the doctor was impressed with Carson’s ability to focus.
I’m Ed Key, one of the developers of Proteus along with composer David Kanaga. Proteus came out for the PC and Mac in January 2013 and had a fantastic reception from Edge, Eurogamer, IGN and many more. For something that started out as a weird experimental project between me and David, this was pretty mind-blowing, and it’s even crazier to now have the chance to bring it to PS3 and PS Vita with some brand new features that take advantage of Sony’s hardware.
"(Kemp) brought in 50 senators and congressmen including Henry Hyde and Bob Dole and a bunch of other people and gave it respectability," Schaeffer said. And the rest, as they say, is history.
Essentially, you use a knee wrap or an elastic band to cut off venous blood flow in your arms or legs. The blood pressure in your veins (which remove blood from the limb) is substantially lower than the blood pressure in your arteries (which bring blood to the limb), so you apply the wrap tight enough to keep blood from leaving the limb, while still allowing blood to enter the limb.
Originally released in 1987, Thunder Blade brings players to the helm of a heavily armed attack helicopter as they battle waves of foes in tanks, jets, and battleships across a variety of locations. Much like the other Sega offerings of its time, the story is kept light in favor of offering accessible and fast arcade-style gameplay. You're the good guy, everyone else is bad -- shoot them. Though unlike most other shoot-'em-up titles, Thunder Blade features a unique take on perspective, as the action will transition from an overhead angle to the over-the-shoulder look similar to Space Harrier during key sections of the stage. This dynamic switch of perspective made it a welcome fit for the 3D remaster.
Everybody who likes pirates (and who doesn't like pirates?) has a pitch for the ideal game about them. We carry our imaginary game around with us, close to our rum-soaked hearts. It's got to be open world of course, because what's the point of the horizon if you can't have it brought to you? The romance of being a pirate is all about freedom.
Being an MMO means Pirates Of The Burning Sea can use other players for those interactions, whether trading or risking crew and cargo sailing through the dangerous waters of the PVP zones. But online games bring their own problems. Board a ship and you'll find yourself staring at a cooldown bar of attack options straight out of World Of Warcraft, a far less thrilling prospect than its ship-to-ship combat. And even its sailing can be seriously hampered by lag, with your ship suddenly stalling then teleporting to a different position nudged up against an outcropping of land.
Every day Kelly would bring his multiple gloves to the field and take turns using each — ground balls in the infield, fly balls in the outfield.
"The way you manage this is you manage it through Customs, you say you can't bring one in, just like they did with laser pointers, yes? You can't bring them in.
Ever since the park was built there has been street performance in that plaza. In it’s height there were dozens of entertainers emigrating to Calgary so they could perform on that beautiful amphitheater. For generations there has always been some kind of performance there every weekend. People who saw a one-man band there as a child, bring their kids back to watch the new generation of magicians and jugglers. Especially on Canada Day.
Michael Jordan is rightfully hailed as basketball’s GOAT. He embodies every characteristic that the greatest needs: elite technical skills, incredible athletic ability, and the potential to take over games as an individual. He transcended basketball and brought it to a level of popularity previously unseen by the game. No one can take that away from him, and LeBron will never be able to accomplish that same feat.
On checking records of telephone calls made to the dealer, the police found that some had been made from a mobile phone registered in Ireland, and on further checking the records of that phone it appeared that the calls were made from locations consistent with the known whereabouts of the Ford truck. One call was to a known IRA member. The phone was last used at 9:23 am on the morning of the bombing, just three minutes after the bombers had parked their truck in Corporation Street. On 27 June, the phone's registered owner reported that it had been stolen 17 days earlier, but the police felt they had gathered enough evidence to bring a prosecution against the six IRA men held in London.
YALTA, CRIMEA—In what is being called the worst environmental disaster in the region’s history, millions of policy proposals gushed into the Black Sea on Thursday after a Brookings Institution think tanker ran aground off the coast of Crimea. “Cleanup crews are working around the clock to contain this massive flood of position papers on economics and global development,” said Brookings Institution president Strobe Talbott, adding that booms had been brought to the site to halt the spread of the nonpartisan research while skimmers had been deployed to collect the policy briefs from the ocean’s surface in hopes of preventing currents from dispersing them over a far greater area. “We’re doing our very best to limit the exposure of marine habitats to the analyses of sub-Saharan energy infrastructure, universal basic income, and automation in the labor market, but it could be months before we know the full extent of the damage.” Talbott went on to say that the Brookings Institution had already pledged $200 million toward cleanup efforts thanks to generous donations from the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the Hutchins Family Foundation, and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
Ultimately, Daniels said SAT Corp wants the Greek village to bring something new to UB by having a distinct area for the Greek life on campus.
It's believed Kelowna, B.C., resident Ray Siebring recently brought the fifth-ever flying car to Canada as a prototype and has been checking it out in a series of test flights across the Okanagan.
Mark Giordano would be the ideal candidate, as he brings solid offensive touch while staying responsible in his zone. He led the Flames with a 12+ rating in 2013-14 despite the team goal differential being an abysmal -32. He’s skated alongside Jarome Iginla for five seasons, and both would be vying for their elusive first Stanley Cup. His presence would be welcomed both on and off the ice, as he could complement Johnny Boychuk or Dennis Seidenberg for a lock-down 2nd defensive pairing. Giordano has two years remaining on his contract at $4.02 million per year, so he’s cheaper than Edler, which could potentially lower the cost of the assets shipped out. In both zones, he’s more consistent, and his production has had a bigger upside than Edler’s over the last few seasons.
Goodman: That’s a big question. What rights do children have that are similar to the rights of adults? Can you search them? Can you control what they say and don’t say at all times? Do they have any freedom of speech rights? Do they have any freedom to bring something to school if they want to? More than that, do they have any rights at all against oppressive punishment? Students in these schools have to go to a certain chair and sit there for a certain length of time, all at the teacher’s discretion, and sometimes they have to go repeatedly to this isolated chair with their back to the class. They may be deprived of recess if that’s granted. They have to go to detention and stay after school. They have to write things 100 times. In some of the schools, there’s a good bit of shaming: they have to wear different colored shirts, they can’t talk, they have to sit on a lower bench than other children. And it’s deliberate shaming of the kids. No one is allowed to talk to them. And what offense have they done to merit this kind of punishment? They haven’t done their homework or they’ve come in late, perhaps repeatedly. They haven’t done anything violent. There has been no adjudication. The teachers or the school norms say that this is appropriate. So what are the limits of what a teacher can do to a child?
Since the release of the Panama Papers, every day has brought on a new development. The sheer scale of the leaks is staggering — nearly 100 times more data than when Wikileaks released nearly 3 million US diplomatic cables.
Mossack Fonseca, the law firm at the center of the Panama Papers, has been investigated time and time again for aiding in money laundering schemes. In January, Brazilian prosecutors brought charges against their lawyers for hiding documents related to the Petrobras scandal. Before that, an American hedge fund that was invested in Argentina's defaulted debt investigated Mossack Fonseca's Las Vegas subsidiary for hiding records relating to offshore accounts that were stealing from Argentinian government contracts.
First, tax havens' major beneficiaries are multinational corporations that have powerful lobbyists. According to the Oxfam study, a corporation is run by a "multibillion dollar army of lobbyists to influence federal policy," which not only guarantees them millions in loans, loan guarantees, and bailouts, but also finds ways to eventually bring the money they have stored offshore back into the country without exorbitant taxes.
"Plus there's been the 1080 milk powder threat and the Lindt Café in Sydney..[which] brought it much closer to home the possibility that it could happen here."
For too long, Bitcoin has been held back by the centralized mining industry. GPU brings Bitcoin into the modern age with an exciting technological roadmap to enable massive on-chain scaling well into the future with decentralization.
Henry Tudor, who reigned as King Henry VII between 1485 and 1509, had a rather tenuous claim on the throne, being the Lancastrian claimant via an illegitimate descendant of Edward III when all the more senior candidates had been killed off in the Wars of the Roses. He brought the wars to a conclusion with his 1485 victory at The Battle of Bosworth and subsequently consolidated this power through a variety of means, including his marriage to Elizabeth of York (which united the two warring dynasties.) Henry VII's reign was plagued by pretenders to the throne, whose existence was a result of the King's initially insecure grasp of power. Nevertheless, he was able to subdue each of these attempted usurpers without particular difficulty. The whole style of Henry's coinage marked a break with what had gone before — the king's bust becomes much more lifelike, and the shields on the reverse become much more detailed. Henry's first coinage is very like that of Henry V and VI, minted at London, Canterbury, Durham and York the inscription is one of a variety of HENRIC DI GRA REX ANG — Henry by the grace of God King of England. Soon, however, Henry introduced what is known as the Sovereign coinage, so-called because the king is depicted seated on a throne, while the reverse shows the royal shield over a cross. This issue is regarded as marking the division between the coins of the Middle Ages and of the Renaissance in England. The Sovereign coinage was minted at London, Durham, and York, and inscribed with one of a variety of HENRICUS DI GRA REX ANG .
Finland also lags on reform: Sweden has cut taxes and brought the welfare state to an affordable level.
Munayyer, director of the Jerusalem Fund in Washington, has appeared repeatedly on CNN where he is treated more respectfully. But he told me he is frequently brought on to answer accusations from the Israeli side, rather than explain the Palestinian perspective in the way that Israeli officials and commentators are allowed to lay out their case.
A Frenemy knows how to hurt you better than anyone because you’re deeply similar in some way and she knows how you’re wired, and she’ll do whatever she can to bring you down any chance she gets, often in such a subtle way it’s hard to see that it’s happening.
He talks about us in futuristic terms. "Our kids, our someday house, our dreams..." I believe he wants a future with me. However, whenever I bring up marriage he gets this "deer in headlights" look. He tells me the thought of marriage frightens and overwhelms him. Those conversation usually end with him frustrated and holding me while I cry. I wouldn't consider myself a clingy or overly emotional woman but when he says those things I get scared. I'm scared on some level of not being enough or unwanted, of being alone for the rest of my life, and of not spending the rest of my life with him. I've stopped bringing it up. I don't want to be a nag and I feel that I shouldn't have to be. Either he loves me and wants to spend his life with me or he doesn't.
This practice is the norm in part because it’s simply embarrassing for a leader and a president to bring up a bill and have it fail.
“It is healthy for both of us. You want to go into a team where you have two, three, four guys pushing for one position because it brings the best out of everybody.
It's important with a game like Don't Grind to feel connected with what is going on. We really wanted to bring the characters to life but avoid the whole "grinding up cute cats and dogs", so we chose to use inanimate objects. There have been thousands of games where you put animals in blenders and stuff since way back in the early days of flash, and we didn't want to make one of those.
Now that Virtual Reality is becoming more mainstream you begin to see games that were previously meant for traditional 2D being resigned and ported over to VR systems. Personally I am EXTREMELY excited to see developers taking popular 2D games and bring them back to life in a fully 3D VR environment. Indie game ‘Please, Don’t Touch Anything’ (PDTA) originally released on March 26th, 2015 and was a HUGE hit for those who tried it out, leaving it with over 1000 positive reviews on Steam. This hidden gem will SOON be available on Oculus Home (MAY 19th) for the Oculus Rift ($14.99) and Gear VR! ($8.99).
Sen. Jeff Sessions, picked for attorney general, said he’s against any outright ban on immigration by Muslims, in contrast to Trump’s one-time call to suspend admittance of Muslims. Secretary of State candidate Rex Tillerson affirmed U.S. commitments to NATO and took a relatively hard line on Russia, both in contrast to Trump — though Tillerson irked GOP Sen. Marco Rubio by refusing to label Vladimir Putin a “war criminal.” And CIA pick Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas, affirmed his opposition to torture and said he would refuse any Trump order to torture, adding he could not imagine Trump would give such a directive. Trump, while campaigning, suggested bringing back waterboarding and more. Tillerson’s nomination is in question in light of concerns from Rubio and others, but it looks like smooth sailing for Pompeo; retired Gen. James Mattis for Defence; and retired Gen. John Kelly for Homeland Security, among others. “Pompeo’s very popular, Mattis, Kelly — these are popular selections,” said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. Sessions was denied confirmation once before by the Senate, but that was three decades ago for a federal judgeship. This time around the Alabaman is a sitting senator and was treated gently, for the most part, by his colleagues, even when Democrats brought up the racial issues that brought him down him last time around. There was potential for drama as Sen. Cory Booker, D-N. J., broke with Senate tradition to testify against his colleague, but it came on the second day of the hearing after Sessions had finished testifying, so he was not even in the room.
"I know how to resolve the problem of waning attention and to bring media attention to a new level. The Ukrainian army must selectively and carefully eliminate Russian journalists covering the situation in Donbass. We need to direct Ukrainian army snipers to shoot people wearing PRESS helmets, making them priority targets," Romanenko wrote, recalling his comments before the Harvard audience.
The political analyst explained that such an action would quickly bring Ukraine back into the center of the American media's attention, noting that while on the one hand this would serve as "bad PR" for Ukraine, "all the same, PR is PR, and we must do everything possible not to fall out of the US media's focus in the context of [its] presidential campaign."
Grec fumbled with her own rifle to fire, but with the geophys scanner and the transmitter in hand, she was slow. Before she had brought her weapon to bear, the sergeant grabbed her shoulder and pulled her backwards.
By Sept. 29, the bonus matter first appeared on the radar of the New York Fed, which was designated as the primary contact for AIG, documents show. Senior officials from the New York Fed met with AIG officials to discuss the compensation plans in place at Financial Products, whose risky derivative contracts had brought the insurance giant to the brink of collapse. AIG e-mailed officials at the New York Fed copies of the company’s compensation plans, which detailed bonuses and retention payments, including those at Financial Products, documents show. The issue arose in scores of meetings and conference calls over the ensuing months. AIG also disclosed its retention programs in public filings.
Note that both the Fed and Congress folks were jabbering at the Administration, both that of Bush and Obama, on this long before either Administration has fessed up to. Another shocker. There are a lot more specific facts and discussion in the Washington Post article, and it is worth a full read. In fairness, it is certainly not like we didn’t suspect such duplicitous complicity out of these officials, but the starkness of it sure brings the fury of the initial Bonus Babies Scandal revelation right back to the front burner. And just in time for today’s hearing. Go figure.
The good folks at the Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) have tried to bring some order to the world of cider evaluation by setting some general boundaries for various categories of cider-based on sugar content.
There are a handful of cider companies (such as Seattle Cider Company and Redbyrd Orchard Cider) that have taken it upon themselves to add some sort of scale information on their label in an attempt to help consumers find their way through the fog. This sort of information along with the writings of thoughtful reviewers, those that work hard to describe a full range of a cider’s characteristics not just whether or not they liked it, can help to bring some clarity to an otherwise murky area.
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
But hey, progress matters. While this white space internet technology has been in development for years, Microsoft is set to become the first major company to bring it to the masses, and that might just mean others will follow. Far-future solutions for rural broadband access like Facebook’s laser-powered drones, Google’s silly balloons, or Elon Musk’s pie-in-the-sky satellites remain theoretical for the time being, while white space already works. And soon, it could be working in a middle-of-nowhere near you.
Many participants also signed a petition organized by CAIR to bring awareness of the military occupation of Palestinian territories to St. Louis-area government officials.
“We have tremendous agility in the marketplace to bring innovation much, much faster,” Vice told reporters during a tour last month to showcase the company’s facilities in California. “We are setting a tone inside the organization and backing it up with investment that allows us to think about innovation for affordability.”
What is RobotAppStore? We'll break it down for you: it's a store, that sells apps, for robots. You can buy (or download for free) apps for a variety of consumer robots (Naos, Pleos, Roombas, Lego NXT kits, and more), each of which has been checked out by RobotAppStore itself to make sure it won't cause your hardware to explode. On the other end, developers can sell apps through the store, keeping 70 percent of whatever their apps bring in.
The SMM talked to the family of an 82-year-old woman, who was reportedly shot by a member of the Ukrainian voluntary ‘Aidar’ battalion in the village of Oleksandrivka, around 90 km north-west of Luhansk (see Daily Report of 28 August 2014). The chief surgeon in Severodonetsk (97 km north-west of Luhansk) hospital confirmed to the SMM that an 82-year-old woman with bullet wounds had been brought to the hospital on 23 August, and was in intensive care.
On the top of everything else, Scala brings enjoyment to your coding. According to The Right Tool Scala is ranked high in the following categories:
"In fact, it's bright enough over a lot of its orbit that we should have seen it already, if it's in the closest approaches to the sun," Brown told Space.com. Indeed, at closest approach, "you could almost see it with some backyard telescopes," he added. (Planet Nine's orbit likely brings it as close as 200 to 300 astronomical units, or AU, to the sun, and takes it as far away as 600 to 1,200 AU, Brown said. One AU is the average distance from Earth to the sun—about 93 million miles, or 150 million kilometers.)
Ten fire engines went to the zoo, which sits in the capital's Regent's Park, shortly after 06:00 GMT and the fire was brought under control about three hours later.
"We are all naturally devastated by this, but are immensely grateful to the fire brigade, who reacted quickly to the situation to bring the fire under control. "
He said: "Firefighters worked hard to bring the fire under control as quickly as possible and to stop it from spreading to neighbouring animal enclosures."
Even when TSA tries to bring down some of the original restrictions like allowing small knives, the non-sensical public brouhaha that follows doesn’t give TSA any incentive to actually do anything smart about the bloat. It just becomes easier for it to build new moats around it, it seems.
Working on Seymour Island in Antarctica, they uncovered the fossilized skull of an animal they’d never seen before. While it was obviously a plesiosaur – a Cretaceous-period marine reptile scientists first discovered in the early 1600s – this plesiosaur was unlike any previously found. They named the new species Morturneria and brought its skeleton back to the Museum of Texas Tech.
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
There's a good chance that voting will still be rigged- bring it on. Bernie's run helped us prove that the DNC ran a completely fixed race, with every kind of manipulation and collusion possible being used. His mass appeal and turnout forced them to expose their own criminality in covering it up. Why not do it again? Make the whole damn country light up Green, see how well they can manipulate that with the whole world watching and reporting it closely.
The new figure brings the former president’s total compensation from Laureate to more than $17.5 million for his five-year role as an “honorary chancellor.” His role consisted of advising the company on educational matters and traveling to campuses across the world to speak to young people. Clinton ended his position at Laureate in April 2015 after Hillary Clinton launched her bid for the White House.
The emerging Chinese super powers North Korean Proxy continues to accelerate towards being able to punch a hole through the US Military Empires encirclement of China as every other day brings North Korea a step closer towards it's primary objective of hitting and destroying the US Military base on Guam, home to over 10,000 troops and 160,000 US citizens, and which as the following map illustrates is just 1 of 400 US military bases in Asia for the express purpose of encircling and containing China.
“Kobe plays his game no matter what with his intensity and focus and he will play to win. He also will do what he needs to do to get ready to play. If he sees a mismatch, he’ll take it down low and demand the ball. He’s one of those guys who will always bring the same intensity every time no matter who’s on the court.”
Trust Me – I think any time I start Smugglers, this objective is on my list. The objective itself is great against Sith and Lando in a Falcon deck can bring the pain. It has a few cards you don’t want however, so it’s certainly not at the top of the list.
We'll begin with the Tour of the Year category: After all, if there's one place classic rockers undeniably dominate the music landscape, it is in the live performance setting. This year featured two big summer tour team-ups: Journey , Foreigner and Night Ranger combined to bring fans a hit-packed evening, and Motley Crue brought Poison and the New York Dolls along for their typically extravagant trek.
Liu, who bought the piece for his private Long museum in Shanghai, said he is “proud to bring back to China this significant and historic 15th century thangka, which will be preserved in the Long museum for years to come.” In his WeChat message now widely circulated on Chinese media, Liu said the auction was a tough battle.
And as if all that weren’t enough, the issue’s coda brings a major character back into the fold in a very big way. Admittedly, I wanted to scream at Williamson when he cut away from the Warren/Alice revelations, but the final page more than made up for it.
Last year, Tsipras made several trips to the US and other European countries to meet with representatives of the EU, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and various governments. Each time, he assured his hosts they had nothing to fear from a SYRIZA government. On the contrary, Tsipras claimed, a government under his leadership would bring more stability to the country.
Politifact’s 2009 “Lie of the Year” was brought back from the dead during a Saturday town hall hosted by Rep. Gus Bilirakis (R-FL)—and the mostly pro-ACA crowd wasn’t having any of it.
According to statistics presented by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel (PCATI) based on hundreds of prison visits, there were 66 alleged acts of torture or abuse in the second half of 2014, up from 19 alleged acts in the first half of the year.PCATI did not distinguish between acts of torture and acts of abuse. It generally takes the position that it is simply fighting all deviant interrogation practices.What is considered illegal torture or abuse versus, sometimes permitted under Israeli law, “moderate physical pressure,” is hotly debated both domestically and globally, with international law often giving few specifics.“Moderate physical pressure” is a synonym for enhanced interrogation or pressure short of what the High Court of Justice would forbid as torture, and has been permitted for the sake of stopping a “ticking bomb” terrorist attack since a 1999 court decision – which also prohibited anything more than moderate pressure.Of the 85 alleged acts for 2014, PCATI said that 48 complaints were submitted “to various investigatory powers,” including the Justice Ministry.The 48 complaints themselves involve fewer than 48 Palestinians as some of them submitted multiple complaints.Breaking down the 48 complaints: 23 were filed against the Shin Bet, 14 against the IDF, nine against the police or border police and two against the Prisons Service.Since June 2014, 18 complaints claimed their interrogators used the “frog” or “banana” (contorted) positions against them, 19 complained of sleep deprivation, 12 of beatings during interrogation, eight of sexual harassment or assault during the interrogation, seven of physical violence during arrest and two of being physically shaken against High Court dictates.PCATI said that the use of the “frog” and “banana” positions were most noteworthy since these methods had been used only 10 times in the prior four years.No specifics were provided regarding the individual cases that made up the basis of the statistics, though some information is protected under gag order.On March 3, 2014, the state attorney confirmed to the High Court that the Shin Bet does currently use moderate physical pressure in a small number of ticking bomb cases.On June 18, 2014 multiple media reports said that a senior military source had told them that the Shin Bet was using moderate physical pressure on certain Hamas agents to get operational information for finding the kidnappers of three murdered Jewish teens, whose kidnapping brought about Operation Brothers’ Keeper.The military source also said that the Shin Bet had gotten special approval for using enhanced interrogation from Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.A number of harsher and controversial tactics have been employed by the state in responding to increased security challenges since June 2014, such as house demolitions, though unlike torture, house demolitions were never forbidden by the High Court.The Justice Ministry at the time referred all question to the Shin Bet.The Jerusalem Post investigated the reports at the time, and each media source stood by the story, while security officials neither confirmed nor denied the statement, other than that the Shin Bet said that it neither asked for nor needs prior approval to undertake interrogations.If true, the new PCATI statistics would confirm the June reports.However, without assessing individual cases regarding each complaint’s veracity and whether, if moderate physical pressure was used, the Shin Bet would have a necessity defense for having tried to prevent a “ticking bomb” attack, it is impossible to know whether the complaints could legally carry criminal charges.PCATI director Ishai Menuchin said, “some of the torture methods that were used are in full violation of High Court decisions... including giving advance approval for torture.”He said that at least three detainees had been told by their interrogators that their torture had been approved by the attorney- general or other officials – which he called illegal.Menuchin added that some detainees were allegedly tortured only after having been in administrative detention for some time, such that he questioned how they could provide updated and current information to help stop a ticking bomb attack.The IDF, police and Prisons Service said that they could not respond without information about the specific allegations.The Shin Bet did say, however, that it “acts solely within the law and is open to both internal and external oversight and criticism, including the state comptroller, the state attorney, the attorney-general, the Knesset and the courts.”It continued, “Shin Bet detainees receive their full humanitarian rights that they are entitled to under the law, including: medical attention, meetings with lawyers and ICRC visits.”Further, the Shin Bet stated, “every detainee complaint is passed on directly and immediately to the Justice Ministry’s head Shin Bet investigator, and handled by her.”The statement concluded, “all decisions regarding handling of the complaints and taking follow- up actions regarding them, on the basis of reviews, are decided by the Justice Ministry.”Of around 1,000 similar complaints filed since 2001, not a single criminal investigation has been opened to date, leading the Justice Ministry to take over investigations of complaints of torture against the Shin Bet in June 2013.The new Justice Ministry division, which became fully operational in 2014, has sped up processing of complaints, but the jury is still out on whether it will be viewed as handling complaints better than the Shin Bet did.Yaakov Lappin and Ben Hartman contributed to this report.
“Most use mobile phones but some are so brazen they even use the prison phones which are recorded. Getting the drugs into jail is no problem. They are thrown over the wall at designated times, again organised via the mobile phones. “If the phones get confiscated, a new one can be delivered in much the same way.” The source said prison visitors also bring in large quantities of drugs, often hiding them in the clothing of young child­ren. A common ploy is to smuggle the drugs inside a baby’s nappy, as these are not checked by the guards.
The rebels — perhaps as many as 1,000, commanded by a former colonel in Libya’s army — brought with them enough of an arsenal to create a kind of standoff with the Malian Army.
Maxwell was a bizarre choice, as Australia had barely used Mitchell Marsh's allrounded-ness, and perhaps the more sensible thing to do was bring in Usman Khawaja. Very rarely is Maxwell a sensible thing to do, and when Australia needed someone to play very long innings, him coming out to bat at 140 for 4 with Australia at least 300 behind where they would need to be, few would have been confident. But Maxwell played either the best innings of his life, or the one that sets up the rest of it. But as good as he was, and as just phenomenally good as Smith continued to be, 451 never quite felt enough.
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
Sven Gerjets is Chief Technology Officer at Pearson, the world’s leading learning company, with 40,000 employees in more than 80 countries. He brings 20 years of IT experience to his role, including application development, system integration, enterprise program management, and large organization leadership.
Last week, Mr Kaczynski was criticised for suggesting migrants could bring diseases and parasites to Poland.
Patrick Corrigan, Amnesty’s director in Northern Ireland, said: “Nothing less than a full public inquiry – with all the powers of compulsion which that brings – can finally reveal what happened and the role that the security services may have played in the abuse of these vulnerable boys.”
I'm a very thin guy and have naturally gravitated physically toward thinner girls. Until now, I have avoided talking about the matter with my girlfriend except in general terms about others, or the few times she has brought up and engaged with me directly on the matter. When her doctor told her she needed to lose some weight to be healthier, she was upset, although she did not disagree.
So I spoke to my therapist and my roommate, and although they're both men, they both thought that if it was something on my mind and was making me a little uneasy that I should bring it up with her. I did, and she did not respond with as much understanding as I hoped.
She felt hurt and a little violated, like the one guy who's supposed to love and accept her and find her beautiful just the way she is was attacking a part of her identity. She was shocked, confused and taken aback. She tried to explain how some issues are so sensitive, touchy and personal for women that they should never really be brought up for the sake of the satisfaction in the relationship. In all fairness, I did bring it up a little suddenly and not in the most tactful or direct way, but I didn't know how else to start a hard, uncomfortable conversation I was not looking forward to.
My question for you is: Was I wrong for not being sensitive to how women think? Should I have let it go if I considered it a smaller issue in our relationship? Would it have made a difference if I spoke to another woman to ask her thoughts beforehand on if and how I should bring this up with my girlfriend? Did I need to?
He said that educational institutes should be free from law enforcement agencies personnel but the situation in Pakistan, particularly in Sindh, was different. Many countries had developed only through education and it still remained the only weapon to bring about a revolution in a society, he said.
He said that students played a central role in the freedom struggles in Bangladesh, Germany and several other countries and they were playing a similar role to bring about change in Pakistani society when Gen Ayub imposed a ban on student unions. But they led from the front and forced him to take back his decision, he said.
The eight cases of refugee TB reported to Breitbart News by Illinois, combined with the eleven cases in 2015 reported to Breitbart News by the state of Washington, brings the total known cases of active TB diagnosed among refugees in the United States between 2012 and 2015 to 1,584.
"Agriculture was the backbone of the country ... but a lot of people didn't know what was here [and] we'd deliberately or inadvertently brought in a number of things that impacted on agricultural production," he said.
Before I went in, I saw Jane Fonda, Spike and Tonya Lewis Lee, Rosie O’Donnell, and many people who looked like Adam Levine but weren’t. By the time I made it to my seat, I’d already heard four people say versions of “We’re actually in the room where it’s happening,” a reference to the song “The Room Where It Happens,” in which Aaron Burr describes the envy of not being part of the power circle, in the room where the big decisions are made. Under any other conditions, moments like this would bring out a slight bit of eye-roll, but not tonight. The excitement was understood and it was clear no one was attempting to play it cool, which was oddly refreshing for New York City.
“We’ve been working pretty hard with IMSA since Laguna on this project, everything from the future of the class to trying to bring in the LMP3 car,” Starworks Motorsport team owner Peter Baron told Sportscar365.
“I think with a cost-effective update that brings some additional technology and drivability to the car, it would create a lot of interest and potentially increase the car count for next year.”
The failure to bring the bill to a vote is a major embarrassment for President Trump, Ryan and congressional Republicans, who had vowed to repeal the Affordable Care Act since its passage in 2010.
Then, something amazing happened—something that rocked my world and made me a different person. It brought me closer to God than I’d ever been before and gave me a stronger faith than I’d ever had;
When the KJV translators produced their work, it was based on essentially a dozen or so Greek NT manuscripts. Today, we have access to 5,839 of them. As the work of textual criticism continues today, we gain (with every new discovery) an ever-increasing confidence in the general reliability of the NT text, and we tweak the minor details to bring us closer and closer to exactly what was originally written by those who penned our NT under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. We can rest quite confident that the NT text we have today is, in all essentials, exactly what was written by the original authors.
While Taylor’s work was immensely popular for its ability to bring the concepts of the Bible into idiomatic English, the fact that it was in fact a paraphrase rather than a translation from the original languages severely limited its value.
The idea is ridiculous. Should all mortgage payers be surcharged to help those who live beyond their means and default on their payments? Should all credit card users have to pay extra to bail out those who abuse credit? Should all car drivers have to pay an extra tax to subsidise those who evade payment? The truth of the matter is that the music business has brought its ills upon itself by its head-in-the-sand attitude.
During the council debate, Mr. Ford – who for months was one of the casino's most vocal supporters because of the jobs and revenue he said it would bring – spoke out against a downtown casino and laid the blame at Premier Kathleen Wynne's feet.
In 2013 the Islamabad City Hospital reported that it began receiving a large number of cases with measles. Over 50% of those who were brought to the hospital had previously been vaccinated.
It brought to mind the director of my study abroad program in Beijing, who had introduced me to what she dubbed “the social institution of the polite lie.” The polite lie is a lie that a stranger tells a stranger to avoid the discomfort of being direct. She told a story of trying to catch a ride from a cab driver that was playing a game of cards on the street. “I would take you,” he said, but my car is out of gas. She could see that he was playing cards and did not want to leave his game. She could also see the dashboard of his car, and she pointed out that he did in fact have gas in his car. “That gauge is broken,” the driver retorted without looking up from his game.
I brought up the polite lie with an expat friend of mine, another long-time Chengdu resident, and he mentioned that he had often encountered the polite lie with his Chinese friends, though not as its recipient. He told me:
Jignesh Shah of VMWare brought up some interesting SSD testing results. In high-transaction environments, it seems that batching database writes actually reduces throughput and increases response times, completely contrary to performance on spinning disks. For example, Jignesh had experimented with asynchronous commit with large buffers, which means that the database returns a success message to the client and fsyncs the data in batches afterward. This reduced database write throughput, whereas on a standard spinning disk RAID it would have increased it up to 30%. There was a great deal of speculation as to why that was.
Thursday's disappointing conclusion after months of federal investigation is simply par for the course. In the past decade, corporations have gotten away with all manner of fraud, self-dealing, negligent manufacturing and market manipulation. The subprime mortgage industry nearly brought down the U.S. economy and ruined untold number of lives. But to the extent there was punishment at all after these acts, it usually involved a company writing a check, as if these firms ran on automatic pilot.
It isn’t that the setlists or jams see enormous variation or surprise, or that the expected theatrics – gnarly stage setup, titillating visuals, Les Claypool’s twisted-wiseacre monologues – are all that fresh each and every time. No, what brings you back to Primus – what sells out a show like this typically galvanizing night at the Capitol Theater – is the depth of the experience.
The ​infamous ​72-year-old mob rat, who ​squealed to ​help authorities bring down “Dapper Don” John Gotti in exchange for a 1991 plea deal, was let out Sept​. 18, Arizona’s Department of Corrections records show.
So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange", you technically bring anyone who died a few seconds ago back from the dead, right? What if those people'sdon't come back with them? What if they just came back as empty husks with a few base instincts, like cannibalism (the basest of all human instincts, of course)? And if souls aren't affected by time-travel, then logically, fungus isn't either, because souls and fungus are in the same biological kingdom (duh), which means that whenever you go back in time in "Life is Strange", fungus is able to evolve more and more until something that used to only be able to infect insects jumps to infecting mammals -- even humans. The evolution would seem so sudden to anyone without the Reading Steiner* as the fungus makes its way into food delivered to the masses and infects the human species on a global scale.So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange"... what are youdoing?1. An awareness of temporal re-experience2. The ability to recognize that you have undergone a nonstandard passing of time3. Knowing that you have gone back in time, but also retaining your memory from the original timelineThe red-headed girl, Ellie, is from "The Last of Us" which spawned my first parody series, "THE LEAST OF US" (look out for spoilers).The two with the gun, Lee and Clem, are from "The Walking Dead Game", which I've also made cartoons for called "THE WALK-IN DEAD" (also spoilers).The title is a pun on the term "temporal anomaly", which is a disruption in the space-time continuum usually resulting from time-travel or something like that.
That’s not all! Taking also advantage of this lack of any political authority, European companies, with the help of the mafia, dumped nuclear wastes offshore Somali coasts. Europe knew of this but turned a blind eye as that solution presented a practical and economical advantage for the nuclear waste management. Yet, the 2005 Tsunami brought a big part of these wastes into the Somali lands. Unfamiliar diseases appeared for the first time among the population. This is the context in which the piracy mainly developed. Somali fishermen, who had primitive fishing techniques, were no more able to work. So they decided to protect themselves and their seas. This is exactly what the United States did during the civilian war against the British (1756-1763): with no naval forces, President George Washington made a deal with pirates to protect the wealth of the American seas.
To control the economic development of the emerging powers, mainly India and China. Half of the world’s container traffic and 70% of the total traffic of petroleum products passes through the Indian Ocean. From that strategic point of view, Somalia is a very important place: the country has the longest coast of Africa (3.300 km) and faces the Arabian Gulf and the Straight of Hormuz, two key points of the region economy. Moreover, if a pacific response is brought to the Somali problem, relations between African in one hand, and India and China on the other hand, could develop through the Indian Ocean. Those American competitors could then have influence in that African area. Mozambique, Kenya, Madagascar, Tanzania, Zanzibar, South Africa etc. All those countries connected to the Indian Ocean could gain easy access to the Asian market and develop fruitful economic relationship. Nelson Mandela, when he was president of South Africa, had mentioned the need of an Indian Ocean revolution, with new economic relationships. The United States and Europe do not want this project. That is why they prefer to keep Somalia unstable..
What changes did the Somali coup d’état bring about?
Yes, as I said, since the Restore Hope failure, United States has preferred to keep Somalia in chaos. However, in 2006, a spontaneous movement developed under the Islamic courts to fight against the local warlords and bring unity to the country. It was a kind of Intifada. In order to stop this movement from rebuilding Somalia, United States decided suddenly to support the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) after having refused to recognize it before. In fact, they realized that their project of a Somalia without effective state was no more possible: a movement – furthermore Islamic!- was about to lead to a national reconciliation. In order to sabotage the Somali unity, United States decided to support the TFG. But this later was lacking any social basis and an army. So the Ethiopian troops, commanded by Washington, attacked Mogadishu to overthrow the Islamic courts.
Not even a bullet! This is a pure propaganda as they did against Syria about the Iraqi resistance. Eritrea’s vision catches up with the project of Indian Ocean revolution that we spoke about before. The western powers do not want of that and wish to bring Eritrea back to the circle of the neocolonial states under control, such as Kenya, Ethiopia or Uganda.
"Bill always had a funny story to bring about a laugh. He always did the good thing," the department posted. "This world would be better off with more Bill Grays, and this world is truly darker without his light."
This is an excellent place to bring up how the liberalizers’ commitment to diversity quickly turns to condescension the moment minorities don’t play the roles that have been appointed for them. Last year Cardinal Kasper caused a minor scandal when he said the views of African prelates on homosexuality were informed by a cultural “taboo,” and that “they should not tell us too much what we have to do.”
The Church is not an empire either, and God-willing, that temptation will be resisted. The Anglican tradition has a long and sordid history of pseudo-Erastianism, which continues today in the Episcopal Church’s advocacy for Obamacare, and Gene Robinson and an Episcopal health ministry official getting cushy fellowships at the Center for American Progress. The WASPs may be gone, but the Episcopal Church’s empire-building days ain’t over. Indeed, you could say the corollary to thinking the Church is an empire is a deference to the state as an agent of liberation, which brings us back to Bruenig, who has written:
OTOY estimates that what is called the OctaneRender Cloud Network could bring on seven million users (mostly game developers on Unity). Advisor Eich also sees potential for Ethereum miners to switch to Render. “As Ethereum evolves toward proof of stake or other future technologies that don’t require GPU power, that become more power efficient, the GPUs that were for mining Ethereum could be used on Render,” he says. Urbach even imagines iPhones and iPads doing rendering as they recharge overnight, though he calls that an “ambitious” goal.
4. DoD's determinations regarding its secret "blacklist" would be protected from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), protest at the Government Accountability Office (GAO), or action brought in the federal court system.
One can speculate that, like distrust in Congress, this lack of faith appears across the political spectrum. From the left, banks are criticized for engaging in risky conduct that helped to bring about the Great Recession. Similarly, many on the populist right vilify government intervention designed to prop up poorly managed financial institutions as threatening capitalism itself. In many ways, this lack of faith is not surprising. Media reports routinely provide the general public with reminders of bank misconduct, whether in the illegal origination of loans, the shoddy packaging of mortgage-backed securities, excessive and ill-advised risk taking or the faulty prosecution of foreclosures. These revelations have had a profound impact on the general public's faith in financial institutions. Making matters worse, law enforcement's most recent attempt at uncovering and prosecuting bank misconduct in the lead up to and fallout from the financial crisis has gotten moving in only fits and starts. These forces -- public disenchantment with the banks, coupled with weak law enforcement -- are a toxic mix. They will fail to prevent future misconduct; what's worse, they may, in fact, encourage it.
In order to rein in unnecessary risk and fraudulent behavior, what is needed now is a robust, serious and sustained effort to root out, expose and prosecute those illegal acts that led to the financial crisis. Once that is done, faith in the financial sector can be restored; the public will know that the misconduct has been addressed, and those responsible brought to justice. Moving forward, bankers will want to uphold their improved reputations, and will fear punishment should they fail to do so.
Last year about 80 cities participated in the effort. This year, Miller said 200 cities are expected to join the walk-ins, which were moved to October to bring education issues to the forefront during the election cycle.
* All those detained to be protected from torture or other ill treatment, to be allowed access to their families, lawyers and any necessary medical treatment, and for them to be brought before a judge without delay so that they may challenge the lawfulness of their detention.
Thankfully for the offensively-strapped Crunch, help is on the way. Last week, the Lightning brought Bradyen Point to the Crunch after signing him to an entry-level contract. This week, they've signed another forward who has the potential to jump into the mix immediately and assist Syracuse: Matthew Peca.
His point totals, however, only tell half the story. According to the Register, Peca brings with him a lot of good hockey sense, energy, and an innate desire to sacrifice his body in order to get the win:
Read on, DVDSmith will bring you a full range of comparative analysis.
This story, "This pirated movie brought to you by Pampers" was originally published by TechHive .
Dr. Andersen added, “Diabetes is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer, but the exact mechanisms which bring this about are still unclear. One of the characteristics of cancer cells is their ability to grow rapidly and uncontrollably, and to resist the programmed death that occurs in non-cancer cells. Therefore, growth factors are critical to cancer development and progression. We know that insulin is an important growth factor for all body tissues, and even if we do not know exactly how it affects the development of cancer cells, it is also highly plausible that it increases breast density.”
That's where the Ugly Animal Preservation Society comes in. It's an awareness campaign that uses comedy to bring attention to animals like the pig-nosed frog, pictured above, which may otherwise have trouble getting funding. The UAPS holds live events, where a combination of London comics and scientists discuss one ugly endangered animal of their choice. At the end of the show, the audience votes to decide which of those animals will become the mascot for each individual chapter of the UAPS. They don't seem to be directly donating money; instead, the aim is to raise awareness, with the hopes that it will eventually lead to donations elsewhere.
Trump’s proposal, believed to have been drafted by nationalist adviser Stephen Miller, would shield illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children and eligible for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program in return for a host of measures demanded by conservatives. Those include funding for the wall on the southern border, mandated use of E-Verify by employers, an increase in immigration agents, greater restrictions on which family members immigrants can bring, and a stripping of funds from so-called “sanctuary cities.”
We, the people of gentlemanliness, have collaborated to bring you the ultimate guide for being a modern gentleman in the year 2015. We’ve analyzed past works, such as A Gentleman’s Guide to Etiquette by Cecil B. Hartley, studied the cultures of our modern society, and taken into account the views and opinions of both women and men. This is the result.
There are good reasons why security expenses should be brought down for politicians.
As a result, he says the process is entirely manual, rigid and slow. In last fall’s election, he says the cumbersome procedures resulted in long lineups at advance polls. Mayrand is recommending a number of reforms to bring the process into the 21st century.
I started going to counseling when I was 25. My counselor was a pastor and respected man in his 50s. At the time I was in a deep depression and was suicidal. I had never been in counseling before so I didn’t know what the counselor/client relationship was supposed to be like. At the time, I wanted to die, and going to this counselor was the only hope that I could hold on to. I depended on him. I gave him my trust, and I told him my deepest thoughts, feelings, and fears. This brought me a sense of closeness to him. He emphasized that closeness.
To the extent that 19th century Russian fiction deals with universal themes of human existence — nature, religion, love, death, and, of course, war and peace — these beloved tomes can feel timeless to readers. But the fact is, the English-speaking reading public didn’t get their hands on them until some years after their publication, when Constance Garnett picked up a dictionary and set out to bring the Russian masters to life in her native tongue.
It comes down to money for both sides It’s all about dollars for both the solar industry and NV Energy. The utility says ratepayers will be charged an additional $8 million for every percentage point the net metering cap increases. Rooftop solar customers receive a credit worth about 7 cents per kilowatt-hour for powering their homes and the grid with solar electricity. That credit is an incentive to go solar, but it’s also a means for consuming less power from NV Energy, biting into the company’s profit. The solar industry says a tariff and locked-in cap rate will kill the majority of the 6,000 jobs the industry brought to Nevada over the past five years and will limit consumer choice. Early in the legislative session, NV Energy unloaded a team of lobbyists to squelch any attempt to raise the cap. Solar followed with its own lobbying effort, congregating with a consortium of gaming and tech interests. The battle heated up after a bill draft to raise the cap to 10 percent died without a single public hearing or vote. Solar advocates met with lawmakers and the governor — whose outside advisers lobby for NV Energy — but had little success. Now, as time winds down in the session, only one solution is on the table — a punt. Republican Sen. Patricia Farley’s amendment to a building codes bill would allow the Public Utilities Commission to raise the solar cap and to impose up to three tariffs on net metering customers. The eleventh-hour measure was the only way to save the solar industry this session, Farley said. “It gave the solar industry a vehicle to start a discussion,” Farley said. The amendment cleared the Senate and is moving through the Assembly. The compromise is not ideal for companies such as SolarCity and Sunrun, which lease solar panels to customers who participate in net metering. Industry officials say proposed fees could hurt business by discouraging people from participating in a net metering program. Rooftop customers — who pay bills to both the utility and solar companies — pay about 20 percent less for solar than conventional energy, and the fees, industry leaders say, could bite into their cost savings. Adding fees and restricting the cap would be a big win for Berkshire Hathaway Energy and one of its few net metering successes nationally. Berkshire failed to impose caps in Utah and Washington. Arizona instituted a $5 to $7 net metering charge for homeowners. A fee is pending in Wisconsin. Colorado has no cap and no fees. In other words, utility companies in more than 40 states have unsuccessfully fought to eliminate net metering or impose fees.
"This kind of report brings up more questions than answers, although something like this is really foundational to guide a larger clinical trial," Peterson says. The next step is to study safety and efficacy, the authors say.
The 1.34 update added a bunch of nice decorative objects for scenario designers. You'll find objects to bring your airports and heliports alive, as well as objects for Forward Operating Bases (from fuel bladders to desktop PCs and canteen supplies to sports equipment). The SPOTREP lists all of them, but you may have to explore the editor for a while to find the right categories. Shout out to our colleagues in Black Element Thailand, who did a good job of creating many of these!
Obamacare! The War on Drugs! A War on Poverty! Prohibition! The idea that government will bring social progress isn't new.
The Visa process as it stands does not require you to bring any passport photos. They will take a copy of your photo contained in your regular passport instead.
Every game has it's own currency system and some become so important that you can find a stable exchange rate with fiat currencies. This is the case with World of Warcraft gold or Second Life Linden dollars. Blockchain bring to these world a currency that they can use inside the game and trade on Amazon at the same time. Some servers of Minecraft already implemented such systems.
The outcry has festival organizers pondering ways to safely bring back the treats. They say they’re now working to recruit more volunteers and fielding ideas.
“I hope to bring candy back,” McFarland said. “It’s Halloween. But safety is our No. 1 concern, and I don’t want to be part of an accident.”
Brown said that Waiters is trying to take some “initiative in the process.” His teammates, the same ones who were fed up with his antics during the winter-month drubbings, are also taking notice. Small forward Luol Deng said Waiters is “playing great right now.” Jack, the man who inhabits the locker next to Waiters when the two find themselves within the confines of The Q, has also seen marked improvement, but not just in the young guard’s play. Jack assured Waiters that the only reason people are hard on him is because of his ability and the expectations that come with being one of the best athletes in the world. He’s challenged Waiters to not only bring it on the court, but off of it as well.
Translation: we have brought in consultants to figure out how we can die gracefully. Okay, actually that's the sanest thing he's said in months. Minus the "build on the BlackBerry brand" part.
Ok, everything in a video for this one.This will bring us to the point that we can have a working model in game. After this I will follow up with an rvmat that we can applyDownload link for the Blender conversion script:And a thanks of course to Alwarren who developed the script.Next tutorial will cover rvmatsHere is the complete config:
The evidence came on the opening day of a civil trial brought by eight claimants – including Frost, Gascoigne and BBC creative director Alan Yentob – against MGN for invasion of privacy.
Overall the book strikes the right balance between business-like but sympathetic coverage of the Battalion and their actions, and helps redress the balance of the majority of books on the big operations and armoured warfare. It really brings home the unrelenting grind of day-to-day infantry work, punctuated by short but bloody battalion level attacks.
The (30!) maps deserve special mention and are an object lesson in how to present maps in books of this genre. There are wide overviews of movements, the theatre and annotated contemporary maps but the jewels are, firstly, the annotated and faintly colourised contemporary air recon photos of the areas of detailed actions and, secondly, and presumably where suitable photos were not available, original maps by the author that bring out every detail referred to in the text.
And while we have brought Obsidian into the mix, I think it is important to note that this is my baby, and I will be producing it and managing the programming here at inXile. There seemed to be some confusion on whether it will be a joint production, but the main facets of our involvement are with the use of their tools for asset integration and the design talents of Chris Avellone. Part of the charm and variety of Wasteland 1 came from the way different designers would approach their areas, and I wanted the same dynamic again. Only this time we have added the brains of Chris into the mix, and I am betting he will add ideas to Wasteland 2 that would have never been in the game otherwise.
Robert’s energy was infectious and his aspirations heady. But he was strongly motivated to start making wine. Fired from Krug without any significant severance pay, Robert was under severe financial pressure. With construction costs mounting, he sought to produce cash flow as quickly as possible. So he set an ambitious timeline. He was determined to bring in the harvest that first year and crush grapes to make the Robert Mondavi Winery’s first vintage. From groundbreaking to crush, he had two, or perhaps three, months at most. Although Robert had probably not fully formed his intentions for the new winery in 1966, even by then the people who were helping him to make it happen recognized that his dreams were lofty.
Ronda Hughes, an associate professor at Marquette University’s College of Nursing specializing in health services research and patient safety, said Jahi will not benefit from more treatments. “When someone is brain-dead that means that the brain cannot function to support life on its own,” Hughes told Life Matters Media. “In this case, the hospital has said the patient is brain-dead. There is no technology, there is nothing to bring the patient back to life, no matter the hospital.”
“I also want to give a shout out to British BJJ because man, we had some good guys there like Bradley Hill and Viking Wong – they were very unlucky. They both drew Alan ‘Finfou’ Nascimento, so yeah, the UK smashed pretty much the whole thing and it showed that BJJ is improving a lot in the UK and it’s really nice to see. I couldn’t be more happy man. I just want to fly out there, do my best and bring home some medals.”
I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?
One of the requirements of the Foundling Hospital was that babies were to be less than six months old at the time of admittance, but the hospital did not keep more accurate records of age. Another requirement was that foundlings were given a new name and a reference number, so Sidney became Girl Ann Kingston no. 4759. She was taken in by a wet nurse, Mary Penfold, who brought her to Wotton, Surrey, where she remained until 1759, when she was two years old. Although it was usual for foundlings to remain with their wet nurse until the age of five or six, the Foundling Hospital had received an influx of new babies and moved many children who no longer required nursing, including Sidney, to the Shrewsbury branch of the Foundling Hospital. The Shrewsbury building was not completed until 1765, so in the meantime Sidney and another foundling were cared for by a nurse, Ann Casewell, at her home.
The apprenticeship was approved by the governors of the orphanage on 30 June 1769; Day and Bicknell collected Sidney on 17 August. She was brought to lodgings in London, where she met Edgeworth for the first time. Day changed her name to Sabrina Sidney: Sabrina, the Latin name for the River Severn, which her orphanage overlooked; and Sidney after Algernon Sidney, one of Day's heroes. Day became a benefactor, and subsequently governor, of the Foundling Hospital, and on 20 September 1769 he chose another girl for his experiment, renaming her Lucretia after the Roman matron.
But her husband, Joe Shepard, is a wealthy businessman whose investments sometimes have put her in an unpleasant spotlight. His investment in a reinsurance company in Bermuda – the same country in which a Romney investment has been criticized by Democrats – brought allegations from Republicans in 2009 of tax dodging. Shepard no longer hold the investment.
Laurie Goodstein of the New York Times highlights this change in her report and brings up another relevant point: Non-religious Jews aren’t passing down their religious traditions to their children, meaning the trend is likely to continue:
You’re reading Back of the Envelope, an experiment that aims to bring shorter, quicker content to FiveThirtyEight.
"What comes with that expansion is more jobs being created in the community here in Manitoba, increased production capacity allowing us to continue to bring on more and more registered patients both here in Manitoba and outside, and hopefully also the first steps in really positioning ourselves towards taking a hard look at the recreational market for next year."
In July, Xcel Energy — the nation’s top utility for wind-based power — proposed to add 600 megawatts of wind energy through three wind farms in North Dakota and Minnesota. With the addition of the Border Winds Project, Xcel could save customers more than $220 million and add a total of 750 megawatts of wind power to its existing Midwest portfolio, which would bring its wind capacity total in the region to 2,550 megawatts — or enough power to serve over 750,000 homes.
Hinault: Like all of the others. We ride to win the great races. And each time we do, it’s a great satisfaction. And winning the worlds remains one of my great victories. You just always want to give your best in this race. It brings out the best in riders!
With a silly, cartoon-like look and theme, this MMO attempted to bring a levity to a genre that was often marinating in deep fantasy lore and statistical theorycrafting. But when you wanted to eschew dragon fighting for slapstick pie throwing, there was no better game out there. Let’s take a look!
Here’s an understatement: Mike Will Made It had himself quite a 2013. The 24-year-old Atlanta producer has been steady climbing for a couple years now, attaching his eponymous, otherworldly drop — see here, far right, middle row — to an impeccable string of heaters, from Meek Mill’s “Tupac Back” to Future’s “Turn on the Lights” to Juicy J’s “Bandz a Make Her Dance.” With even Kanye West tapping a sword on the young man’s shoulder when he brought him in to coproduce “Mercy,” there was no doubting his ascendance would continue apace. And then “We Can’t Stop” came along, and the timeline got blown to smithereens. Herewith, Mike Will in his own words breaks down his start, his rise, and how the Year of Miley allowed him to go ahead and toss “super” in front of “producer” on the ol’ business card.
I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.
FREE travel on London's buses, Tubes and Overground services is to be brought back for the over 60s, despite the government trying to push up the age at which the Freedom Pass kicks in.
But London's boroughs have now clubbed together and agreed to stump up the £320 million it takes to bring the qualification age down to 60 once again.
One of the themes of the 2012 cybersecurity debate was thinking about how to leverage the technical crown jewels that are NSA and bring that incredible technical capability to bear on this domestic security problem. Inherent in that assumption is that only NSA has the technical capability to aid our law enforcement and homeland security community. But technology paradigms have changed.
We also have an over-classification problem. I don't condone what Ed Snowden did. He made a commitment to protect classified information. Breaking that commitment was wrong. However, he did bring to light this classification problem, which needs to be debated as a society. The problem with over-classification is you create an inherently closed system. Closed systems are prone to failure. In fact it's not just technology. Think of the political system. Closed totalitarian systems are inherently weaker than open egalitarian systems.
Which brings us to the next key point, what the Magic would have to give up to get Jackson. Any deal would likely involve Payton.
Of immediate concern to many economists is how the nation will emerge from the economic slowdown even as it faces inflationary pressures brought on by record-high oil and commodity prices. The price of a barrel of oil pushed near $146 before falling back yesterday, and it has increased about 50 percent since the start of the year.
Many of Posner’s sharpest inquiries revolved around the question of same-sex adoption. Thousands of gay couples in both Indiana and Wisconsin are raising children, which the state permits them to do. Given this reality, Posner asks Indiana Solicitor General Thomas Fisher, isn’t allowing gay marriage “better for the psychological health or the welfare” of gay people’s kids? Allowing same-sex parents to get married, after all, would bring them and their children a plethora of benefits. Fisher’s noncommittal answer, which bordered on callousness, brought out one of Posner’s harshest rebukes.
Toward the end of Posner’s colloquy with Fisher, he discusses an amicus brief by the Family Equality Council that discusses the demeaning effects of gay marriage bans on same-sex families. Posner asks Fisher whether he’s read the brief, noting that “it has a great deal of rather harrowing information.” Fisher waffles; Posner brings down the hammer.
The final room of the exhibition brings together, for the first time, seven large-scale panoramas of northern industrial landscapes and the Welsh mining valleys.
Ahead of this change to 'The Best', the timing of votes will be brought forward to the beginning of each season to allow for players and coaches to vote in each category with the previous season in mind.
Authorities say the sectarian violence has now been brought under control.
"Additional police battalions, the police Special Task Force, the anti-riot squad and the military were called in last night to bring the situation under control," Law and Order Minister Sagala Ratnayaka said in a statement.
Asheville Radiology Association joins Strategic Radiology The latest expansion by the imaging coalition brings 43 new physicians to the table
The ruling by the Louisiana Supreme Court that overturned a lower court’s decision and ordered a hearing on a lawsuit brought by parents of a girl who was allegedly molested by an adult man.
Despite Trump telling Fox News in 2011 that it was "a good thing" former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was ousted from power during that country's Arab Spring revolution and implying he was corrupt, the Republican nominee says he never actually supported Mubarak being thrown out of office. “[Obama] supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel, and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place,” Trump said in April.
The proposal “evolves the contract and brings us closer together,” said David Scorey, Keolis’s general manager. “And it does give us the opportunity to share in the extra revenue that’s generated.”
Introducing something that users of Apple's slates have been requesting for years, iOS 9 will finally bring split-screen multitasking to the market-leading tablet line.
Bentley said in his statement that he no longer wanted to subject his family and staff “to the consequences that my past actions have brought upon them.” His staff gave him a standing ovation as he entered and exited the old House chamber.
A new yacht would “showcase post-Brexit Britain and bring trade to our shores”, the MPs said.
This bring us to the second reason for Trump's blunder: He has no idea how government works. He is the first president never to have worked in either the civilian or military branches of the government. And amazingly enough he made no attempt to educate himself about policy before he ran for president, probably because he never expected that he would win.
What accounts for Trump's Russophilia? That is, to paraphrase Winston Churchill, a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Could it be that Trump simply likes strongmen like Putin? Is he financially dependent on Russian oligarchs? Does Putin have some kind of compromising information that can be used to blackmail him? Is he grateful that Russia helped to elect him? Those are the questions the FBI is probing, and Trump fired FBI Director James Comey to, by his own admission, try to bring that investigation to a close. Perhaps Trump’s relationship with Russia is entirely innocent, but he is certainly acting like he's guilty of something.
"A refrigerated van would arrive to bring us our daily ration of camera negatives.
"The light in Scotland in September and October is fantastic, but because we were filming in the Highlands so late in the year there was the risk it would start snowing and bring an end to the shoot," he said.
W e’ve booked accommodation once again in Farran Farm Hostel in Ballacolla, Co Laois. http://www.farmhostel.com/ Rooms are available in the hostel, and camping space (plus a shower facility) in the field behind. Many of you will know this hostel already. If you don’t know it, rest assured it’s a marvellous place.Please book direct with the hostel if attending; contact by e-mail on the website above, or phone Marty or Wendy Phelan at (00-353)-57-873 4032. As distinct from previous years, you’re stuck with me as so-called “organiser”. I don’t pretend to have the social or organisational skills of Jim or Catherine Walsh, so I’ll be looking for some kind volunteer to arrange a run-out if one should be called for – I’m utterly useless at that sort of thing. But we hope to organise a bus service to get us to and from the local pub on the Friday and Saturday nights. It’s a self-catering weekend, so you’d need to bring your own food. Nearest shopping area is Abbeyleix, 10km/6 mls distance. There’s no rally fee. Pay accommodation costs directly to Marty or Wendy. Ballacolla is some 100km/60 mls from Dublin, and about the same distance from Rosslare. The local landscapes are more restful than spectacular, but that’s what you generally get in any country’s midlands. Prices are: €20 per person per night for room accommodation, €5 a time for a continental breakfast, and €8 a night per person for camping. Hope to see you there! Pat Back to Content
So, the amusing story here isn’t that the FBI is trying to bring down some pimp, but that the crack team at the FBI couldn’t bypass a swipe pattern lock and served Google with a warrant to do it for them.
And due to the increasing harm and evil which these gatherings caused, they were informed and alarmed previously that the matter will be brought before judicial authorities after the attempts of reconciliations failed and the situation could not stay hanging without resolution. So the leadership of Hay’at Tahrir Shaam departing from their obligation towards the arena and towards its soldiers, to prevent the arena from slipping to dangerous consequences, and after the road to desired reconciliation was blocked; it presented a list calling the heads of turmoil to a just Sharia court which will show the reality. And the case is now with the judicial authorities to come with its decisive word.
To their credit, the Hornets don’t play coy in expressing their desire to bring Batum back. Cho has said repeatedly that Batum is his top priority and that he intends to meet with Batum and his agent as soon as free agency begins July 1.
"We feel like from our exit interviews everyone wants to be back and our goal is to bring back as much of the core as possible," Cho said.
"I say it’s going to be tricky just because you have to have a meeting of the minds when negotiating," Cho said. "Sometimes the numbers don’t pan out and you’re not able to bring back who you want."
Rebel forces have also hampered attempts to bring the waste situation under control. On the highway between Hama and Homs, Bahah said, they have blocked aid convoys carrying petrol needed for the dust carts because they suspect the fuel will end up being used by the army.
Overnight, it seemed, personal agency and self-insight had become hot commodities – Freudian psychoanalysis was all the rage – and the new self-help titles initially seemed to offer a painless shot at a certain kind of lasting change, one based on consciously shifting your thought patterns. In the 1950s, Norman Vincent Peale’s The Power of Positive Thinking (1952) ruled bestseller lists with its promise that changing your inner monologue could boost the quality of your life. ‘Think positively,’ he wrote, ‘and you set in motion positive forces which bring positive results to pass.’
Abidal has also said he believes Borussia Dortmund attacker Ousmane Dembele would be another good addition, telling SPORT: "Dembele is a good representative of the French academy system, which always brings through good players.
Kevin: So we came in and we wanted to bring a Star Wars quality of mysticism and magic and really make it a world, a universe. So we said, this isn’t about ninjas collecting weapons, it’s about a brother saving his sister. And we brought the emotion into the story.
Warner Brothers then brought in writing/directing pair Phil Lord and Chris Miller, to run all those ideas through their processors. They are HILARIOUS. And they really brought the comedy element to the movie. That’s their forte; they really elevated the movie to the next level.
Dan: It was the same with Hotel Transylvania. Our original scripts were a little too brooding, to serious, and then Sony Animation brought in more writers to punch up the comedy.
Kevin: We were also confined to the limits of what LEGO figures can do—which isn’t much. So that became part of the humor—you can see in the trailer when Emmett does jumping jacks, and he’s just barely moving his arms and legs, because, well, he’s a LEGO. And it has this almost cheesy, stop-motion-esque quality to it—which we don’t have in Ninjago—and it really brings the whole concept together. It looks great. That’s what I think I’m most excited for, is how it all looks.
The mixture doesn’t taste like anything, not even yogurt. More salt! This definitely needs plenty of salt to bring out the flavor.
With this new product series, ‘TILLER TrapSoul’ brings life to the R&B genre again. With smooth leads, jaw dropping 808s, captivating melodies, lush pads, and stunning percussion, ‘TILLER TrapSoul’ is the new school product to begin 2017 for Diamond Loopz.
“Some guys are lucky but not so competent. Some guys are unlucky but very competent,” Philippine National Police Director General Ronald dela Rosa said on Tuesday, defending his decision to bring back a canned officer as head of the PNP’s new narcotics force.
The entire ADG was fired, and criminal charges were brought against the officers involved in the crime.
1% — With a just-better-than-zero chance of passing, Rep. Alan Grayson's campaign finance proposal is more a product of idealism than of realism. His bill, the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act, imposes a 500 percent tax on political contributions by corporations. What better way to get money out of politics than to bring in revenue in the process? While reform advocates might see the logic in Grayson's proposal, his donor-reliant colleagues seem unlikely to take it up, even in committee.
This brings us to a question being asked a lot in Washington D.C. lately. What is obstruction of justice? The phrase seems to be the latest buzzword of the D.C. establishment since James Comey was fired earlier this month. Did Wasserman-Shultz attempt to “obstruct justice” by demanding the investigating authority hand over evidence in a criminal matter, or suffer “consequences”? Remember, the Congresswoman is on the committee that controls the budget of the very person she threatened “consequences”.
There was an additional question we thought of at InnovationNewsDaily, however. While the authors optimistically write about "sexual gods and goddesses of different ethnicities, body shapes, ages, languages and sexual features," we imagined people might be able to bring to life stereotyped, socially harmful fetishes. They might want to order bots that look like children or personify racial stereotypes, such as savage indigenous people or submissive Asian women. While it might be relatively easy to create laws against creating robots that look underage, it would be more difficult to rule against stereotypes.
Nelson's Mandela death has brought together politicians from across the political spectrum in shared tribute, obscuring a far less harmonious history in which attitudes towards the South African leader during the apartheid years divided along bitter ideological lines.
One artist who has managed to bring the art of activism into the academy is Cuba-born Tania Bruguera, recently announced as the winner a Meadows Prize residency awarded by the Meadows School of the Arts at Southern Methodist University.
You don’t need to ever re-install the system. New versions of software and updates are continuously brought to you.
"We are working hard to continue to bring down the rate of attacks against staff and more people than ever before are being convicted under the Emergency Workers (Scotland) Act 2005 with the penalty of up to 12 months imprisonment, a £10,000 fine or both."
In a written statement issued by his lawyer, Jesenik said Aequitas brought on a consulting company called FTI last month. Thursday, in an effort to protect investors' interests, he said the SEC agreed to ask a federal judge to retain FTI as a receiver in the case.
The hiking trail in Woodford State Park brings you around Adams Reservoir, a gorgeous, tree-lined lake nestled in the Green Mountains. Woodford State Park is much more secluded than Lake Shaftsbury, and much cooler (temperature wise). We’ve seen moose up here and spent days on the water without running into another person. The trail around the lake isn’t difficult, but at 2.7 miles, it might be hard for younger kids to make it around. We love how dark and mossy the trail is. There are several easy stream crossings, and you may even see the carnivorous sundew plants if you look very carefully along the shore.
Mr Trudeau owes his celebrity to more than glamour. He succeeds Stephen Harper, a prickly Conservative, who in ten years as prime minister conducted an ideologically charged foreign policy at odds with Canada’s multilateralist traditions. His relationship with the United States, by far Canada’s most important, was tense. Mr Trudeau replaces a scowl with a smile. He personally greeted some of the 25,000 Syrian refugees Canada agreed to admit. Such gestures have helped bring back to life the Trudeaumania inspired by the prime minister’s father, Pierre Trudeau, a dashing Canadian leader of the 1960s, 70s and 80s. “But how,” Ms Dawson wonders, “do we translate celebrity into influence?”
If you’re a soldier — say, an elite U.S. special operator at U.S. Central Command headquarters, maybe with some battle buddies from U.S. Special Operations Command and Joint Special Operations Command — answer me this: When your commanding general tells you that the reporters covering your work are important and he makes a public effort to engage, educate, bring them along to war zones and build trust with the press corps, but your commander-in-chief says those same reporters are “dishonest,” and accuses them of purposefully ignoring terrorism (and by extension ignoring your hard, life-sacrificing work to fight terrorism) for some wink-and-nod agenda of their own, whom should you believe?
Webmaster level: Intermediate to AdvancedUser testing has taught us that searchers much prefer the view-all, single-page version of content over a component page containing only a portion of the same information with arbitrary page breaks (which cause the user to click “next” and load another URL).Therefore, to improve the user experience, when we detect that a content series (e.g. page-1.html, page-2.html, etc.) also contains a single-page version (e.g. page-all.html), we’re now making a larger effort to return the single-page version in search results. If your site has a view-all option, there’s nothing you need to do; we’ll work to do it on your behalf. Also, indexing properties, like links, will be consolidated from the component pages in the series to the view-all page.Interestingly, the cases when users didn’t prefer the view-all page were correlated with high latency (e.g., when the view-all page took a while to load, say, because it contained many images). This makes sense because we know users are less satisfied with slow results . So while a view-all page is commonly desired, as a webmaster it’s important to balance this preference with the page’s load time and overall user experience.In the diagram, page-2.html of a series may specify the canonical target as page-all.html because page-all.html is a superset of page-2.html's content. When a user searches for a query term and page-all.html is selected in search results, even if the query most related to page-2.html, we know the user will still see page-2.html’s relevant information within page-all.html.On the other hand, page-2.html shouldn’t designate page-1.html as the canonical because page-2.html’s content isn’t included on page-1.html. It’s possible that a user’s search query is relevant to content on page-2.html, but if page-2.html’s canonical is set to page-1.html, the user could then select page-1.html in search results and find herself in a position where she has to further navigate to a different page to arrive at the desired information. That’s a poor experience for the user, a suboptimal result from us, and it could also bring poorly targeted traffic to your site.However, if you strongly desire your view-all page not to appear in search results: 1) make sure the component pages in the series don’t include rel=”canonical” to the view-all page, and 2) mark the view-all page as “noindex” using any of the standard methods.It’s not uncommon for webmasters to incorrectly use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the first page of their series (e.g. page-2.html with rel=”canonical” to page-1.html). We recommend against this implementation because the component pages don’t actually contain duplicate content. Using rel=”next” and rel=”prev” is far more appropriate.Because users generally prefer the view-all option in search results, we’re making more of an effort to properly detect and serve this version to searchers. If you have a series of content, there’s nothing more you need to do. If you’d like to hint more to Google how best to serve users your information:As always, feel free to ask in our Webmaster Help Forum
In short, burlesque troupes have historically performed at venues across the city — venues open to the public, shows that were widely advertised and featured in local press — without running afoul of the code enforcement. And because burlesque isn't specifically cited as an adult entertainment act in the code — and semi-nudity and nudity have been historically been featured on local stages that aren't housed in adult entertainment businesses — then wouldn't those troupes have a reasonable expectation that their performances were lawful and appropriate? Which brings us to...
The Family and Alternative Lifestyles It is true that not everyone has the opportunity to marry in this life, nor is every couple blessed with children in mortality. Latter-day prophets have assured us that those who are faithful will eventually be given these blessings, either in this life or the next.9 Nevertheless, just because not everyone achieves the ideal does not mean we should stop holding it up as the standard to seek. Eternal marriage and family relationships should be a desire and priority for every Latter-day Saint, regardless of circumstances. As has always been the case, Satan proposes alternatives to our Heavenly Father’s plan, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the family. In contrast to our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness through righteousness in marriage and family life, Satan proposes alternative lifestyles that are rooted in sinfulness and selfishness. He is cursed to never marry or have a family, and he entices us to live like him instead of like our Heavenly Father. He lies to us, telling us that marriage and family are an inconvenience and a bondage. He promises us that we will find greater joy and fulfillment in some other way or through some other arrangement. He tempts us not to marry and, if we do marry, to not have children. The deviations the adversary proposes include premarital sexual relations, pornography, abuse of spouse and children, elective abortion for personal or social convenience, marital infidelity, unjustified divorce, cohabitation, homosexual relations, and unwarranted sterilization.10 If he cannot convince us to do these things, he tempts us to support and encourage others to do them. But these alternative lifestyles will not bring the true happiness we seek in this life, nor will they bring the full blessings of salvation in the next. Out of loyalty to our Heavenly Father’s plan and out of love for mankind, we must discourage and oppose measures that are not designed to maintain and strengthen marriage between a man and a woman and “the family as the fundamental unit of society.”11
Ireland has done something wonderful and historic in this past weekend. Let us Singaporeans not be caught on the wrong side of history; let us not wait for court cases or politicians to bring us the equality that we should have.
— A lawsuit brought by Americans for Prosperity, among others, aimed at stopping a 2018 Arizona referendum asking voters whether they want to keep a school choice law passed earlier this year. The law would expand the availability of education savings accounts to more than 30,000 families — a move that public school supporters fear would divert millions of dollars from financially stretched public schools.
For George, Sam and me, “Rags to Roses” has become the 10-unit class we never planned to take. For you, we hope it serves not only as a celebration of Stanford football’s recent accomplishments, but as the story of the men who brought this program back to life — and then took it to new heights.
To highlight the potential in this new area of technology a conference is taking place today at the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington to showcase 13 new research projects being funded by DSTL to bring the technology to market.
Anonymous actually brings up a good point that Global Security had reported on the base some time ago. But I think the rather important thing here is not that the US has an FOB in Pakistan, but that many idiots in Pakistan are outraged that the base is being used by Predators. Case in point.
The investigations on biological activities of lectins from D. batatas were focused on their insecticidal activity [33], A study on anti-tumor activity was not included. Also, none of the other Dioscorea lectins have been reported to have anti-proliferative activity. The present study constituted the first report of a Dioscorea lectin possessing anti-proliferative activity on tumor cells. Nagaimo lectin from D. opposita exhibited anti-proliferative activity on several types of tumor cells, comprising breast cancer MCF7 cells, hepatoma HepG2 cells and nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE2 cells. The inhibitory activity on MCF7 and HepG2 cells was more potent than that on CNE2, with over 2.5-fold difference in IC 50 values (IC 50 of MCF7 cells: 3.71 µM, HepG2 cells: 7.12 µM, CNE2 cells: 19.79 µM). The ability of nagaimo lectin to potently interfere with the proliferation of several types of cancer cells is noteworthy in view of the reports that some lectins/hemagglutinins are devoid of anti-proliferative activity [37]. Flow cytometry analysis of nagaimo lectin-treated MCF7 cells revealed that the lectin induced apoptosis which brought about phosphatidylserine externalization and mitochondrial depolarization.
“The street brought me to the Church and the Church in the end brought me back to the street,” the priest told the Journal Metro.
Fr. Paradi founded an institution called Notre-Dame-de-la-rue (Our Lady of the Street). Each night, he goes out to bring food and shelter to those living on the streets. He also administers the sacraments, celebrates the Eucharist and even presides at funerals.
Kodama: We even brought him back for PSIV at first. We didn’t have any ideas and just started playing around with the characters.
Morimoto: Since Phantasy Star was made at the time of the Sega Master System, it was very difficult to create sounds for it. In that sense, you can’t talk about this game without mentioning its sound and music. Sometimes we’d ask Bo to create a certain songs, but if the image didn’t match up he’d have to rewrite it. After reworking it, he’d bring something to us all excited, but everyone would say “maybe the old version was better…” while Bo quietly wept. (laughs)
Well, I’ve forgotten who exactly came up with the idea originally, but I believe it was a girl. I remember we talked about the event in the story where you go to meet the Motavian governor, and someone pointed out that since the governor is such an important person, you should probably bring him some kind of souvenir. Then we asked what it should be, and a girl said cake was good, so that’s what we did. But then the question came of where the cake shop should be located, and we agreed that it would be boring if it was in some normal or easily accessible place, and I think that was how we decided to put it in the dungeon. I think the woman who suggested it was probably Morimoto or Aoki, but whoever said it probably no longer remembers themselves. But yeah, that event reflects the large number of women on the Phantasy Star development staff.
“But when it comes to the application of the policy, I think we do need to see a little bit more detail about how it will work in practice and I would expect that to be brought forward in the autumn statement.”
She also said she would like to see carer’s allowance brought into line with jobseeker’s allowance, and will campaign for this to happen in Scotland once the welfare budget is devolved.
Colombia is purchasing the HPV vaccine at a hugely inflated price. This vaccine can not only ruin lives, but can cost thousands of dollars to bring a single victim back to health. Families may have to spend thousands of dollars trying to restore their daughters’ health, without having prevented any cancer as promised, and instead causing a number of illnesses that did not exist before using this ‘miracle’ vaccine.
Ironically enough, that's exactly what Berhalter expressed he'd like to bring to Columbus in his introductory press conference last year:
That's right: the star of Scrubs and Garden State put the Rio's fundraising efforts over their $60,000 goal just today—meaning that the cutest little Quonset hut theater in Sonoma County will be able to buy a digital projector, thereby appeasing the big-movie-studio ogres and staying open to bring life and love and entertainment to the deep reaches of West County.
Shaw's top priority for all of his speakers is proper reproduction of the sound of the human voice. Seems straightforward, but a lot of otherwise excellent speakers either add too much "chest" that makes voices sound deeper than they really are, or thinner than they do in real life. So when I played Rosanne Cash's "10 Song Demo" CD, the 40.2 brought new life to the sound of her voice and guitar. I've played this music on hundreds of speakers over the years, but the 40.2 was the most lifelike. Most speakers shrink, contain and limit the sound of singers, at least that's what I felt after spending time with the 40.2.
"It's obviously terrible what's happening but at the same time, it feels good to be part of a wider female community that is finally standing up for itself. I've never felt such a strong sense of community. So it's brought us together. The catalyst for this is regrettable, obviously, it's shitty. But at the same time I think that you need something to stir things up in order to get people to come together and define their opinions and force them to be heard."
“Surely you’re joking”, I thought, scrambling to once again work myself into proper Tarzanic stance. There couldn’t possibly be anything left inside of me. I genuinely began to worry that what would come out next might be some vital organ, brought to a freedom-seeking frenzy by all the commotion. But no, it was yet another perfectly formed tube of human excrement. I sat, mouth agape, as number two (round two) breached the water line and came to a graceful finish, leaving an improbable conical shape below me. As I flushed the toilet for the third time in what had astoundingly only been about 70 seconds I wondered if life would ever be the same again.
'There was no push back on Clinton's ridiculous conspiracy theories or use of weasel words. The single greatest contributor to Clinton's downfall was not brought up: her strategy to elevate Donald Trump. We were not contacted to rebut.'
The Yazidis were freed on the front line southwest of the city of Kirkuk and met by Kurdish peshmerga forces who brought them to a health centre in Altun Kopri, on the road to the Kurdish regional capital of Arbil.
This was never cute. But now President Trump is whining about the media not covering his “enthusiastic supporters” while Russian smokes threatens to bring this country down thanks to him and his administration. This is more than pathetic. It’s deeply troubling.
‘We mentioned last week that the Cheetahs made a number of handling errors which cost them the game against the Lions. This weekend, their decision-making of when to pass and when not to pass were far better. The Bulls don’t have such a heavy pack and the Cheetahs moved the ball to different areas of the field that made it difficult for the Bulls to defend. If you run straight at a Bulls player, he will tackle you, but the Cheetahs were running good angles and passing just prior to making contact. The breakdown was always beyond the advantage line so every Bulls player had to retreat backwards to get in position as opposed to running forward with an offensive hit. And that is credit to Franco Smith’s attacking play that he brought into the Cheetahs set-up.
Aaron Neville, 4/28, BLU, 5:45p: The golden-voiced Neville brother, whose classic “Tell It Like It Is” was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame collection for 2015, brings originals from his latest effort, Apache (Best R&B/Funk Album winner at the 2016 Best of the Beat Awards), mixed in with some hits from his prolific career.
Adella Adella the Storyteller and Amber Zu the Conductor, 5/5, KID, 12:40p: This kids’ performer aims to bring animals to life, make history real, turn ancestors into wise friends and open the imaginations and hearts of her listeners.
Ashé Cultural Arts Center Kuumba Institute, 4/29, KID, 11:30a: This Central City community group brings storytelling, poetry, music, dance, photography and visual art to schools and neighborhoods throughout New Orleans.
Bamboula 2000, 5/4, J&H, 11:20a: “Bamboula” was originally a form of drum and dance ceremony held in Congo Square. Bamboula 2000 leader Luther Gray brings that spirit into the present with a troupe of players and dancers.
Cedric Burnside Project, 5/4, BLU, 1:30p: Undeniably influenced by his grandfather R.L.’s sound, Burnside brings a powerful, fierce energy to the stage. Switching back and forth between acoustic guitar and drums, the project provides blues in its most essential form, as well as intense upbeat dance tunes.
The Chosen Ones Brass Band, 4/28, PAR, 4p: Just now reaching their 20s, the rock-steady members of the nine-piece Chosen Ones bring a hip hop-infused, high-energy style to traditional New Orleans back beats and horn sections.
Chucho Valdés Quintet, 5/7, JAZ, 5:45p: Over the past 50 years, the pianist has affirmed himself as one of the prime figures in the Cuban jazz world. Founding member of staple band Irakere with Paquito D’Rivera, the multi-Grammy winner brings his quintet to spice up this year’s Cuban-flavored Jazz Fest.
George French & the New Orleans Storyville Jazz Band, 5/7, ECO, 5:40p: As a bassist, French played on some landmark ’60s sessions with Earl King, Red Tyler and Robert Parker. As a vocalist, he brings a silky touch to jazz and blues standards.
Henry Butler’s Jambalaya Band, 5/6, BLU, 4p: Butler brings a mix of James Booker’s Chopin-esque classical virtuosity, Jelly Roll Morton’s theatricality and Professor Longhair’s sense of humor to bear to his deeply funky and jazz-influenced sense of blues piano. Though he was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year, the staple pianist continues to perform.
KID smART Student Showcase, 4/28, KID, 12:40p: This organization brings arts initiatives to a range of public schools in Orleans and Jefferson Parishes, and its student groups have been a fixture at the kids’ tent.
Kumbuka African Dance & Drum Collective, 4/28, J&H, 11:20a: Founded in 1983 and based in New Orleans, this troupe brings African music and dance to grade schools throughout Louisiana; members range from ages 10 to 55.
Leon Bridges, 4/28, GEN, 3:10p: Leon Bridges’ brings ’50s and early ’60s-style soul and R&B to a younger audience with his captivating voice and confident stage presence. It doesn’t hurt that his mother’s hometown of New Orleans gets plenty of shout outs on his debut album, Coming Home.
Lisa Amos, 5/6, CON, 11:15a: New Orleans R&B, hip hop and pop singer Lisa Amos brings her soulful sound to Jazz Fest. Expect to hear her hit single “You Used to Love Me.”
New Orleans Jazz Vipers, 4/30, ECO, 5:35p: This swinging drum-less quintet brings a mix of still-timely standards like “Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?” and lesser known swing tunes to their long-running weekly gigs at the Spotted Cat.
Palm Court Jazz Allstars with Sammy Rimington, 4/30, ECO, 2:55p: The house band from the Palm Court, long the HQ of trumpeter Lionel Ferbos, brings their brand of traditional New Orleans jazz to the Fest along with English reedman Rimington, a longtime proponent of the genre’s revival.
The event Wednesday also brought Clinton to a critical region of a major swing state. Her team has focused particular attention on the Orlando area’s sizable Puerto Rican population, especially as families relocate from the island amid a devastating debt crisis. Clinton, Bill Clinton, and Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, Hillary Clinton’s running mate, have attended a combined 15 events in Florida since the beginning of August.
The movie, although controversial, was eminently influential in how dramatized history reached great numbers of Muslims in countries such as Iraq and Syria. The jihadists don’t seem to have any qualms of using that imagery to their advantage, despite the nitpicking of their ideological cousins. In fact, they seem to borrow heavily from it. Take the flag of the Islamic State, for example. It is so omnipresent now that even the 2016 Eurovision Contest had to make it officially clear that it is banned along with such as flags as those of the Basques Country and Northern Cyprus. The jihadists claim that this is the banner of Muhammad, under which the conquering armies of Islam brought the high and mighty empires of their day to their knees. It certainly looks authentic, with its archaic font and old-timey seal. It looks as if it would be something that the art department of The Message would have come up with as background ‘color’. Consider the jihadist victory parade into Mosul. Their convoys of trucks and tanks were preceded by a number of warriors on horseback. Their dress, and their manner of riding, evokes scenes from the aforementioned movie, as Muhammad returned to Mecca, a conqueror. Or let us take that sole televised speech of the current caliph, Abu Bakr, on the occasion of proclamation of the caliphate. There is something about the way he slowly ascends the pulpit in the main mosque of Mosul, how he turns to face the worshippers, how he speaks, what he is wearing (save for the watch), his stern yet contemplative mannerisms—it all seems very familiar. It seem so because modern media in the Middle East, whether through movies or television series, have depicted early Islam as such. Clearly, the jihadists have latched on to a pre-existing stage-set to amplify their messaging.
In another speech by that first, audacious caliph, delivered on the occasion of President Barack Obama being elected president in November 2008, Abu Omar al-Baghdadi addresses “the new rulers of the White House” by using the same words and tone that Muhammad had used in letters allegedly dispatched by the prophet to the emperors of Byzantium and Persia. Again, the jihadists seem to be purposely evoking memorable scenes from The Message when these letters were read out at the imperial courts of the Middle East that a new religion, Islam, has emerged in Arabia. The movie ends by portraying Islam’s resounding victory over paganism at the moment when Muhammad brings down the statuesque idols within the Kaaba. The jihadists knew exactly what they were doing as they filmed themselves smashing and hacking away at the statues of prior civilizations down the corridors of the Museum of Mosul.
Back in January, some three hundred moderate Muslim scholars gathered in Morocco to reaffirm the ‘Charter of Medina’. They did so to counter the excesses of the Islamic State against minorities such as the Christians and Yezidis who had the misfortune of falling under the new caliphate. The Charter of Medina was a constitution enacted by Muhammad to manage relations with non-Muslims like those Jewish tribes that lived in close proximity to his flock. The moderates called their reaffirmation ‘The Marrakesh Declaration’ after the city in which they met. Cardinal Theodore McCarrick, the retired Archbishop of Washington who attended the meeting said, somewhat grandly, “This declaration can change the whole face of Islam.” He walked it back a bit to add, “Not change it, but bring it back to where it was.”
While it's amusing to hear Donna Brazile completely slam the 44th President and DWS; both of which are correct interpretations of the type of corruption which brought down the Democratic Party; she's far from being a saint and actually helped lie and cheat for Hillary Clinton herself.
<blockquote>”I urged Bernie to work as hard as he could to bring his supporters into the fold with Hillary, and to campaign with all the heart and hope he could muster. He might find some of her positions too centrist, and her coziness with the financial elites distasteful, but he knew and I knew that the alternative was a person who would put the very future of the country in peril. I knew he heard me. I knew he agreed with me, but I never in my life had felt so tiny and powerless as I did making that call.”</blockquote>
Cabrera, of course, brings with him to free agency the baggage of having served a 50-game suspension after testing positive for synthetic testosterone back in 2012. While many were quick to point to his disappointing 2013 season — he hit just .279/.322/.360 — as evidence that he’d benefited substantially from PEDs, doctors eventually found a benign tumor on Cabrera’s spine that had to significantly impact his ability to produce.
On Monday, Dr. David Agus injected the media's regular hype about climate change into CBS This Morning's coverage of the outbreak of Enterovirus D68 in the U.S. and the Ebola crisis in Africa. The morning show brought on Dr. Agus to discuss the polio-like virus that has afflicted children across the country. Near the end of the segment, anchor Charlie Rose wondered, "So we have Ebola virus in Africa, and we now have this virus [Enterovirus D68]. What's going on?"
The words Stuart chooses coyly hints at another meaning; the idea that MQA authentication can perhaps bring the studio sound home when you play an MQA-encoded track. Perhaps hinting that somehow the technology is capable of making DACs sound closer to some kind of studio sonic standard. How are we supposed to interpret "which is a major step forward in sound quality"? Is there any evidence to this? When they speak of "end-to-end technology" ("analogue-to-analogue path"), is there some actual retained "authentic" sound that's different than say an equivalent HDtrack file's playback using that DAC?
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
For years, leading economic figures like Lawrence Summers and Alan Greenspan argued that the United States had more or less brought the business cycle to heel.
Here’s another way to think about it. Let’s say Barnidge finishes with exactly 700 receiving yards this season in 16 games. That would bring his career average to just 12.1 receiving yards per game, the lowest career average in NFL history by any player after a 700-yard season. The current record-holder there is Townsell, and Barnidge would hold that honor even if he gained 940 receiving yards this year!
Nevertheless, IBM today proudly announced that it had “delivered” fourth quarter EPS of $6.13 a share, “up 14% year-to-year” to bring the full 2013 EPS to $16.28, magically in line with Wall Street’s Finest, and right down the middle of the all-important Roadmap. Nevertheless, IBM today proudly announced that it had “delivered” fourth quarter EPS of $6.13 a share, “up 14% year-to-year” to bring the full 2013 EPS to $16.28, magically in line with Wall Street’s Finest, and right down the middle of the all-important Roadmap.
Moreover, bike messengers and other urban riders may ride fixed gear bicycles in alleycat races, which are normally held in city streets, including New York City's famous fixed-gear-only race Monstertrack alleycat. Similarly, Wolfpack Hustle began in 2005 simply as ride bringing together fast paced bicycle riders with the common love for riding and has expanded to an internationally known race series that takes place in Los Angeles, California.[61] The group has managed to receive sponsorships from several well-known companies including Castelli, which is an over-130-year-old Italian cycling clothing brand, helping spread interest and knowledge about the group and the races they hold.[62] In San Francisco, California, Red Bull holds Red Bull Ride + Style events, which bring together both track and freestyle fixed-gear riders from around the world for competitions.[63]
Comey’s bombshell testimony, which was amplified by blistering comments from National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers, forced the White House on the defensive. Republicans on the House Intelligence panel did their best to carry water for the embattled administration, grilling Comey and Rogers on the illegality of the leaks that brought details of the ongoing investigation to press. Press secretary Sean Spicer tried in earnest to control the damage by claiming, laughably, that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort—who is among the people under investigation by the F.B.I.—played only a “limited role” in the campaign. He also described Mike Flynn, a top adviser to the Trump campaign who went on to serve as national security adviser before resigning, as a “volunteer.”
Born and brought up in Mumbai, Rushdie was the only son of a successful textiles businessman who insisted on sending him to England to attend Rugby school. Removed from the frenzy and colour of India's great port, he was "very unhappy" boarding in the English countryside.
REYHANLI, Turkey — A court in the Turkish border town Reyhanli has begun hearing the first case of oil smuggling from Syria, which has brought Turkey under intense international pressure. Al-Monitor was provided full access to the indictment and the transcript of the first open public hearing, which took place Sept. 15. As the judge has not yet decided the case, Al-Monitor was strictly advised to only report on the generic themes of what the prosecutor detailed with extreme precision and unquestionable evidence.
The same sources in the case also said that the Syrians had stolen weapons from the border post and that the commander asked for help from the same village men. “Believe it or not, they went to the other side and brought back all those weapons. This is how the military is watching out for our security,” the source told Al-Monitor.
“The prosecutor might have surprised the government with his efficiency and professionalism, but he can’t bring justice to a gravely troubling, crumbling sense of justice and security here by himself,” one source seeking to remain anonymous told Al-Monitor. “This is clearly a set-up case to show to the Europeans that Turkey is doing it all by the book, but if you are really serious about understanding what is taking place on the ground, this should not fool you.”
It was when my story hit the Linux news sites. Sites like Linux Today and Lxer. The Hacker News and other Linux magazines and news outlets began publishing about my ordeal. I had to ask that the donations stop. We had met our goal and if that campaign had not stopped, I have no doubt that it would have brought in 100K. But I didn’t need that much money. I had reached the sum necessary, a sum that had been reached after the Linux community rallied behind and around me, and literally saved my life.
We no longer need to make any guesses about what the Galaxy Note 7 is going to look like. Multiple high-quality renders have already been leaked online alongside several blurry live pictures of the upcoming flagship handset. The latest leak brings us the clearest picture yet of the Galaxy Note 7 in Black Onyx, we have seen some blurry pictures of it in the recent past.
They popped the wine and brought out plates of glazed shrimp, chicken skewers and Mr. Chow noodles – a signature item at the famed, namesake Beverly Hills restaurant – and yet, Ronda Rousey still didn't truly understand why she was even there.
"Well, I brought you here to say women are going to be in the UFC," White said. "And you're the first fighter."
A novelist, poet and playwright who writes equally well in Shona and English, Charles Mungoshi is Zimbabwe’s finest and most versatile writer. His life project has been to interrogate the notion of family. In this groundbreaking novel, he uses multiple voices to unfold, in a stream of consciousness, the unease caused by the return from England of the arrogant Eric Chimbimu. His poor judgment and unthinking actions ensnare him in a love triangle with his half-brother, the weak-willed Paul, and Paul’s beautiful and ambitious wife Lorna. The tensions between the three bring to boiling point the resentments that have been simmering for two generations in their polygamous family. This very modern novel takes an old language in new and unexpected directions.
On the other hand, gun rights advocates are too quick to assume that laws allowing guns on campus will discourage mass murderers. Arizona has among the most liberal gun-carrying laws in the nation, but that didn’t prevent Jared L. Loughner from shooting Representative Gabrielle Giffords and killing six other people in Tucson in January. Nor did permissive carry laws lead to people defending themselves by shooting back. (Mr. Loughner was tackled and brought to the ground by unarmed bystanders.)
Spinal decompression is a type of traction therapy applied to the spine in an attempt to bring about several theoretical benefits including:
(NaturalNews) California Governor Jerry Brown has reportedly signed into law the contentious Senate Bill 277, which eliminates the freedom of California parents to opt their children out of vaccinations for personal reasons. All school-age children without an approved medical exemption will now be forced to get vaccinated in order to attend publicschool, a tyrannous mandate that has already driven many objecting parents to homeschool their children instead.The text of SB 277 explains that the bill, which was signed by Gov. Brown on June 30, will "eliminate the exemption from existing specified immunization requirements based upon personal beliefs," while at the same time allowing "exemption from future immunization requirements deemed appropriate by the State Department of Public Health for either medical reasons or personal beliefs."In other words, California parents will no longer be allowed to just fill out an affidavit for their children declaring a personal objection to vaccinations. They will instead have to go through DPH to obtainto opt out of vaccines, either for medical reasons or for personal reasons that the state deems worthy of an exemption.It's a declaration of war against medical freedom, a line in the sand that demarcates government tyranny in direct opposition to the will of the people. And the fallout is that many parents are now going off the radar in pursuit of an education for their children that isn't contingent upon first injecting them with neuro-damaging chemicals and genetically altered live viruses.According to reports, Gov. Brown was eager to sign SB 277 into law, delivering an official signing statement just one day after legislators brought the bill to his desk. It's a tune completely different from the one Gov. Brown was singing three years ago when he issued a signing statement in conjunction with Assembly Bill 2109 that seemingly supported both personal and religious vaccine exemptions.In his letter, Gov. Brown admitted that vaccines come with risks, but insisted all the while that they're necessary to benefit and protect the community. And with the stroke of a pen, he eliminated one of the only options that parents have to forego subjecting their children to forced medical treatments that could seriously injure or kill them.Prior to the bill's passage, a number of California parents vowed to pull their children out of school if it was enacted. Dr. Robert Sears, a pediatrician from Capistrano Beach, toldfollowing SB 277's signing into law by Gov. Brown that he expects a huge exodus from the conventional education system as parents opposed to vaccines seek greener pastures."[We] will see a big shift in children leaving schools for homeschooling ," stated Dr. Sears to the. "And families will group together in co-ops to educate their kids."As an added benefit, these same children will avoid being brainwashed in California public schools, which thereported back in 2013 rank the third-worst in the nation for both math and reading. Still, SB 277 represents nothing short of medical despotism, and its passage is likely to spur a whole new black market for forged and/or falsified vaccination records.Many Californians are also likely to flee the state entirely to places like Oregon, where public pressure blocked a similar bill, SB 442, from moving forward back in March."Parents don't like being told what to do, they don't like feeling like their rights are stripped away," stated Kimberly McCauley of the San Francisco Bay Area to KESQ.com. "People are going to start moving away. [Gov. Brown] just screwed California. Single-handedly screwed California."
The KBA said the recall, involving 2.4 million vehicles in Germany, should start at the beginning of next year and would be mandatory, meaning drivers do not get to chose whether or not to bring in their cars and vans for servicing.
Well, the successes clearly are protecting the homeland. We were under attack, and he brought — he unified the country and he showed dogged determination. And he kept us safe.
MaRin baited an engagement that resulted in a 1/0 teamfight for SKTS after which they took baron and began to split push all three lanes. Easyhoon quickly took 2nd top turret then SKTS began a prolonged siege, bring NB’s mid and bottom inhibitor turrets low before baron buff expired. After backing to buy, SKTS split push mid and bottom lanes. After scoring a kill on pony, SKTS took both turrets and mid inhibitor before NB engaged. SKTS came out of the fight 4/1 and took the Nexus.
“When Eric [Hamilton, TSG’s chief of staff] and I were writing part of our platform, it seemed that there was a problem with the current TUr Door and OwlLoop because students wanted to come back to campus and there was nothing to bring you back,” Rinaldi said.
The last edition of CartoonClack’s Batman Month is here. We left off with The Batman, which was not as popular as the DCAU Batman continuity but still lasted 4 seasons and over 50 episodes. The show did find it’s pacing in the later seasons when there was a definite lean towards lighthearted humor mixed with the action. I think it’s clear that DC’s animation department wanted to avoid copying Batman: The Animated Series because the Batman series that premiered in November of 2008 brought the goofy back to the Batman universe. Yes, we’ve come to Batman: The Brave and the Bold!
Behind the scenes negotiations are underway to bring the 35 year-old showman for a guest stint of up to 14 games from 29 January onwards, as Ronaldinho also fields offers from Swiss club Sion and teams in Turkey.
Add to this the natural desire to bring good news rather than bad news to the boss — and combine it with a bureaucratic culture that insists that everything be boiled down to a few slides or a page of bullet points before it goes to senior officials. Maybe, at the end of the day, Obama can’t be expected to know whether his approach to counterterrorism is succeeding or failing, because the structure and incentives of the players in his own government make it impossible for him to know.
The administration also argued the states did not have standing -- or the legal right -- to bring the suit.
Home robot companion Jibo may be able to recognize natural speech but it won’t demand a web connection to do it, the first ‘bot to feature a new offline engine that cuts the cord. Jibo, announced last year and expected to ship in 2016, may look like a kitchen appliance brought to life, but thanks to Sensory’s new TrulyNatural system will be able to perpetually listen and react to a broad range of voice commands without requiring a connection to the cloud as most speech-recognition does.
Wide receiver Dez Bryant has signed a new, long-term deal with the Dallas Cowboys after being given the franchise tag at the start of free agency. The deal brings an end to a prolonged negotiation that included threats of a holdout which could have extended deep into the regular season.
US involvement in this ill-conceived expedition was short. Once the Armistice was signed on November 11, 1918 the Wilson government began receiving letters and petitions to bring the troops home from Siberia and other regions in which they were deployed. Most were withdrawn from Russia by mid 1919, having lost several hundred men to combat as well as sickness (including the Spanish Flu).
"The basis for indictments brought by the local prosecutor in L’Aquila appears to be that the scientists failed to alert the population of L’Aquila of an impending earthquake," wrote Alan I. Leshner, CEO of the AAAS and executive publisher of Science. "However, there is no way they could have done that credibly."
"Please, Nick," she quietly whimpered as he brought his face inches from her own. She waited for it, the shock of his teeth around her neck, of the pain as he ripped her apart and ate her as he was designed to do. But it never happened, his jaws remained closed and his eyes lost their fire, instead he sniffed her. Her head first and then her face, his nose traveled along much of her torso and body as he began to circle her. She watched in a shock that Bellwether shared as the fox circled her with a playful grin, his tail wagging ever so softly.
We’re going to start organizing and having people come down with their—we’re encouraging people who come down and want to do manpower help, bring your own cleaning supplies. Be your own self-sufficient cleaning person, so that we can start sending you to homes, and you just knock on the door, and you can go in, and you can start cleaning. You don’t have to come here and grab cleaning supplies. You’ve got your own to go out.
CATHERINE YEAGER: Sandy Relief—basically, you know, Occupy Wall Street were one of the main people who started immediately knowing that Rockaway was the one that was the hardest hit. I was contacted pretty much immediately from friends of mine who are in Occupy Wall Street, like Bobby and Olivia Katz, you know, who contacted me and were reaching out and saying, “We want to bring Occupy down there. We want to help with the relief effort,” you know? And it’s—they’ve been the only ones that I—that have really helped, you know what I mean? And really been able to make real, tangible things that are going on right now.
With the exception of Eric Bailly, the players he has brought in have not been consistently outstanding. Paul Pogba has dazzled in patches, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has flitted between dominant and listless and Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been the most baffling of absentees. Before Mourinho goes shopping again, he must ask more from those under his command.
At the same time, Mourinho needs to be more creative in order to bring the best from United's attackers. Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford are both intelligent and self-sacrificial enough to spend several months on the wing, but that is not where they are most dangerous. They do their best work closer to goal -- Martial looking happiest at inside-left with Rashford able to operate equally well as an inside-left or No. 9 -- but recent formations have seen them marooned on the touchline. What's more, they have defensive duties that hinder them from wreaking the havoc in the final third of which they are truly capable.
This brings us back to United's full-backs. They are essential for two reasons -- first, as mentioned above, they allow their team's most creative players to move infield, and secondly, they stretch the play against teams who try to congest the midfield. And this is where Valencia can and should do more. Since the 2012-13 season, when United last won the title, he has scored only four times in 118 matches. Given his speed and strength, and the fact he takes up very advanced positions for his club, this is an area where he could do better. He could also improve his final ball -- he was once a winger whose delivery was among the very best in the division, perhaps even Europe, but on several occasions in the last few seasons his crosses have found themselves deflected away by the first man.
Union membership brings the greatest financial benefits for young workers: 16- to 24-year-old union members earn 38 per cent more than their non-union counterparts.
The company also defended the decision to expand the role of coal in electricity generation in Italy, with the objective of increasing its share of the fuel mix towards the European average, as the only feasible way to bring Italian electricity prices into line with those in the main European countries, thereby boosting the competitiveness of Italian companies and easing the burden of energy costs on the budgets of Italian households.
In 1850, Morphy registered at Spring Hill College in Mobile, Alabama. He was elected president of the Thespian Society during his freshman year and played Portia in The Merchant of Venice. He abhorred sports and tried to compensate for his slight, 5-foot-4 frame by briefly studying fencing. He played no chess in his college years, other than a few games with classmates in the summer of 1853. For his thesis he chose to write about war, a subject that, according to one acquaintance, “he brought within very narrow limits the conditions that make it justifiable. The logic of his argument would exclude forcible secession, and whether in play or in life Morphy was severely logical, even to a fault. But such a course brought consequences that preyed upon his mind.”
They haven't worked. The country has never been turned into a leading business or technological innovator. But Liberal strategists are undeterred. They will double down on innovation in this budget. It's to be innovation of a different kind, insiders say. Past measures, such as pouring funding into university science research, haven't brought forward the anticipated trickle-down benefits.
Although it is not certain, it is thought the new bronze tools and weapons identified with this age were brought over from continental Europe.
This suggests new ideas and new blood were brought over from the continent.
To celebrate the Summer Solstice of Movie Days Past, now we get our heads straight and taste the colors of madness. You dig this trip? Outta sight. PSYCH-OUT was released in March of 1968 by American International Pictures, produced by teen maven Dick Clark, and based on a screenplay by Jack Nicholson called THE LOVE CHILDREN, to be directed by rising maverick Richard Rush. The duo’s previous motorcycle film from 1967, HELL’S ANGELS ON WHEELS, grossed millions so they were brought in to give the hippie exploitation film counter-culture verisimilitude — and do it in 18 days with a 200 grand budget. AIP old school owner Samuel Z. Arkoff and others thought THE LOVE CHILDREN was a story about bastards, so like the carny barker at heart he was, Arkoff combined LSD with Hitchcock and came up with PSYCH-OUT. Another set of writers, E. Hunter Willett and Betty Ulius were brought in to revise Nicholson’s lengthy experimental script to a more linear AIP narrative, namely that of Jenny (Susan Strasberg), a 17 year old deaf girl searching for her artist brother in the paisley streets of San Francisco circa Summer of Love ’67.
The three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals says Washington state proved it had the legal right to bring the lawsuit over President Donald Trump’s travel ban by alleging its universities would suffer harm. That was one of the questions that the judges considered.
In my surgery practice in Boston, I see primarily cancer patients. When I started out, in 2003, at least one in ten of my patients was uninsured. Others, who had insurance, would discover in the course of their treatment that their policies had annual or lifetime caps that wouldn’t cover their costs, or that they would face unaffordable premiums going forward because they now had a preëxisting condition. When he was governor of Massachusetts, it was Mitt Romney, a conservative, who brought Republicans and Democrats together to make a viable state system of near-universal coverage. That system then served as a model for the A.C.A. The results have been clear: increases in coverage have markedly improved people’s access to care and their health. For the last four years, health-care costs in Massachusetts have risen more slowly than the national average—while the national numbers themselves have been at historic lows. I have not seen a single uninsured patient—zero—in a decade. And now comes an utterly reckless piece of legislation that would destroy these gains.
The Graham-Cassidy bill goes even further than the bill passed by the House. It would bring to a virtually immediate end not only the individual and employer mandates but also the whole edifice of the Medicaid expansion, insurance exchanges, and income-based coverage subsidies set up under the A.C.A. Graham-Cassidy expects all fifty states to then pass, and implement, alternative health systems for tens of millions of people within two years—with drastically less money, in most states, than the current law provides. This is not just impossible. It is delusional.
As for what states can do with the funds they do receive, they would not be allowed to use them to enroll people in Medicaid, or able to establish a single-payer system. And states would not be receiving enough to continue Obamacare on their own. The only options for spending are for commercial coverage. States will be permitted to let insurers bring back higher costs for people with preëxisting conditions and to reinstate annual and lifetime limits on coverage. And then, starting in 2026, the funding turns out to only be temporary. Under the bill’s provisions, unless further action is taken then, four trillion dollars will be removed from health-care systems over twenty years.
Raiola engineered the €30m switch from Inter to Manchester City in 2010 and has now brought him back to Milan, to the Rossoneri , for €22m. ROBINHO
Initially, the Maine Penny was identified as an English penny from the 12 th century, perhaps brought to Maine by English colonists. In 1978, the artifact was examined by experts from London, who speculated that the coin might have been Norse. Subsequently, an expert on Norse coins from the University of Oslo, Kolbjorn Skaare, confirmed that the Maine Penny was indeed a genuine coin from the Norse world. Furthermore, it was established that the coin was struck sometime between 1065 and 1080 during the reign of King Olaf III. The occupation of the Goddard site, however, has been dated to between 1180 and 1235. Nevertheless, the type of coin struck by Olaf III was circulating widely during the 12 th and 13 th centuries, thus placing the Maine Penny within the circulation period of such coins.
Given that the Goddard site was occupied by a Native American settlement, the presence of this Norse artifact is indeed odd. Despite the presence of the Maine Penny, subsequent excavations at the site in the 1970s failed to yield any additional Norse artifacts. This suggests that it is unlikely that the coin was brought by Vikings who travelled all the way to Maine. One plausible explanation for the presence of the coin at the Goddard site is that it was a traded object.
No Colombian has ever won the elite men’s rainbow jersey on the road, and the Colombians will bring a stacked team to Ponferrada, with Quintana playing a key role.
The Orissa coast frequently experienced cyclones and storms. Cyclones, accompanied by severe floods brought extensive damage and suffering in the districts of Balasore, Cuttack and the adjoining regions. Further, Orissa suffered greatly from the devastating floods which occurred between 1868 and 1896. Under such circumstances, the destruction of port installations was inevitable.
Wilkerson managed to convince a grand jury to open an investigation in 1916 and Mansfield was arrested and brought to Montgomery County from Kansas City. Payroll records, however, provided an alibi that placed Mansfield in Illinois at the time of the Villisca murders. He was released for a lack of evidence and later won a lawsuit he brought against Wilkerson and was awarded $2,225. Wilkerson believed that pressure from Jones resulted not only in Mansfield's release but also in the subsequent arrest and trial of Reverend Kelly.
Caldwell-Pope is making $18 million this season, and that keeps him out of a typical prison. According to the Times, the “pay-to-stay” detention center where Caldwell-Pope is serving his time brings in more revenue any other jail in Los Angeles or Orange counties, with wealthy DUI offenders making up most of its inmates. Based on an LA Weekly ad from 2013, the Seal Beach facility openly markets its flat screen TVs, computer and media room, and general cleanliness.
I feel like Marie Reyes is the Kim D of Real Housewives of Dallas. She brings nothing to the show and does whatever she can to get attention.
Marie needs to stop trying to bring down others just to get attention. It’s really not a good look on her at all – no matter who is operating the social media accounts. I’m also wondering if she even wrote her Bravo blog entry herself….
A major rail infrastructure project was completed in Switzerland last year. The opening of the Gotthard base tunnel, which at a length of 57 km is the world’s longest railway tunnel, shows that pioneering achievements are still possible in the 21st century. This link through the Alps has brought northern and southern Europe closer together. People and goods are able to reach their destination quicker.
But Pandora still doesn't address the underlying issue Camper Van Beethoven frontman David Lowery brought up yesterday: a songwriter ends up with paltry returns for their work even if a Pandora user played their song a thousand times. Here's the rate breakdown according to IP lawyer Vanessa Kaster:
ID: 871999899.As Message: What has the highest temperature in the universe? This is actually not an easy question! It depends on what you mean by temperature. Here on Earth, in our cozy blanket of air at one atmospheric pressure, we think of temperature as how hot something is. But on a microscopic level, that really means how vigorously molecules and atoms are bumping into each other. The faster they move, the harder they bump, and the higher the temperature. However, have you ever wondered why water at 70 degrees Centigrade might scald you, but air at that temperature won't? Air is less dense than water, so it carries less energy total even if the temperature is the same. The atoms are jiggling just as fast, but there are fewer of them. I bring this up because there can be ridiculously high temperatures in the Universe, but they don't mean much! For example, the Voyager probe measured a temperature of over one billion degrees in the magnetosphere of Uranus. Imagine! But really what it was measuring were particles moving extremely quickly. If you stood (well, floated) in Uranus' magnetosphere, you wouldn't suddenly vaporize. On the contrary, you'd freeze! The particles may be very very hot, but there simply aren't enough of them for them to heat you up. So to answer your question, probably the hottest temperatures reached in the Universe today are in the cores of supernovae (stars that explode), or possibly in the mysterious gamma ray bursters, extremely energetic explosions the cause of which no one knows. But the hottest temperature of all time would have been the Big Bang: since it had all the matter and energy squeezed into one point, it must have had nearly infinite temperature!
"We know we're going to be on defense with Franken," she said, her mouth tightening with worry. "Will that hurt us? I support him, but I do worry." U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who had remained neutral throughout the Senate contest, had publicly urged Franken to apologize. After his endorsement, she sought him out on stage and held his hand aloft in a gesture of solidarity that brought thunderous applause from DFLers. "We're going into this unified," said DFL state party chair Brian Melendez. But two of Franken's earlier critics, U.S. Reps. Betty McCollum and Jim Oberstar, were notably absent from the stage when Franken accepted the endorsement. Mari Urness Pokornowski of Cokato, president of the DFL Feminist Caucus, resigned Saturday when she learned that her group had endorsed Franken. As a mother and former teacher, she said, she didn't see how Franken's writings represented rural Minnesota values. The endorsement, she said, "was a choice made by the caucus, and once that decision is made, you have to make a choice where you stand, For me, my decision was to step down." Years of work paid off With red, white and blue confetti fluttering down, pounding rock anthems and an all-star line of DFL officials, Saturday's endorsement was a stark contrast to last week's far quieter, uncontested Republican endorsement of Coleman. Energized by a day of spirited exchanges, some delegates wasted little time in jumping on the Franken bandwagon. As Nelson-Pallmeyer was giving his concession speech, Diana Slyter of Minneapolis was busy pinning a blue-and- white Al Franken button atop her Nelson-Pallmeyer shirt. "Now, Franken's endorsed. I'm supporting him," she said. She also held two large Franken campaign signs. "I'll put these on my [motorcycle] sidecar," she added. Franken had built a strong grass-roots campaign before his entry in the Senate race, launching a Midwest Values political action committee that raised money for DFL candidates across the state as far back as 2005. On Saturday, connections forged over years paid off.
WLP833 German Bock yeast is known by brewers the world over for being a reliable fermenter that produces crisp and clean beers with a slight edge toward malty while also keeping hops nicely balanced. It’s for these reasons I chose it as my house lager strain. One characteristic I’ve not experienced from this yeast is that subtle sulfur character that seems to bring out the “Germany” in certain lager styles, hence my interest in comparing it to WLP838 Southern German Lager yeast, which shares a similar description though is known for producing some sulfur.
Overall, the plan is positive and “an important step for national climate change policy,” Berkeley professor Meredith Fowlie, one of three lead authors, tells NBCNews.com. It can be made more cost effective, the professors said, if states work together in regional carbon trading programs, or even a national program, where states heavy on carbon can pay states low on carbon to take some of their emissions. In the long run, this cap-and-trade system can bring emissions down across the country, the experts said.
“Environmental rules are constant targets for litigation,” says Ray Kopp, director of the Center for Climate and Electricity Policy at Resources for the Future, a think tank that has brought together experts with divergent views on the plan. “That is the nature of the beast and surely will be again on this rule.”
Glen Schmidt, whose landscape design firm helped bring off the expansion of Horton Plaza park, said the design has held up as intended — similar to iconic plazas in Europe that are similarly treeless because they are designed for large public gatherings.
In the face of President Obama’s veto threat, the House passed a bill to slow Syrian refugees. But the Republican Congress also has the power to hold hearings into the millions of taxpayer dollars being funneled through Catholic and other church groups to bring them here. Many Catholics and non-Catholics alike would like to know how “religious compassion,” using federal money, is increasing the potential terrorist threat to America.
The Council of Grand Justices of Taiwan has begun to hear a constitutional challenge concerning marriage equality, brought by a human rights advocate as well as the Taipei City Government.
Continuing with Vegas odds, Minnesota is the greatest long shot to win the Super Bowl among all 2012 playoff teams, coming in at 50-1 to bring home the Lombardy Trophy.
A report (pdf) by the National Security Network outlines how anti-Muslim rhetoric has become commonplace among Republicans. “The current political climate is the culmination of a years-long and well-funded effort to bring Islamophobia and xenophobia from the far-right fringe to the political mainstream,” according to the report, which was written after last month’s Paris terror attacks but before the shootings in San Bernardino last week.
I bring this up because that happy little Lunesta butterfly who is supposed to be in my bedroom right now putting me to sleep has instead given me metallogeusia. I hate that butterly now. And Chinese pine nuts.
When pressed even further the politicians will start to praise the commitment of these Isles to ‘democracy’ and ‘democratic rights’, things common to a great deal of different states and, given the very slow and gradual path into participatory democracy that Britain took, with its constitutional basis therefore being an unelected second chamber and a hereditary monarch, a very odd thing to claim as our own. Even if you want to call democracy a defining value (it’s more of a process, surely a value is something bigger?) it certainly doesn’t belong to the British. It’s more Greek than anything else, it’s quite possibly Indian; the Americans and the French don’t even include it in their formulations despite both being known to erroneously claim to have brought it to the world.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
The president said the US supported Kosovo's independence because "we believe it will bring peace".
Mr Turner's widow Alison McKenzie said the verdict brought "sheer relief".
"Today's verdict does not bring Glen back, but we do take some comfort knowing that justice has been done."
Toy drive for children in need: visitors may bring an unwrapped toy to donate.
Whether you’re naughty or nice, you’re invited to join us for Breakfast with Santa & Friends! Enjoy a delicious breakfast buffet, share your wish list with Santa and meet some of the Zoo’s favorite resident animals. Be sure to bring a camera to capture your visit with Santa. Free train and carousel rides, weather permitting, are included. Space is limited, so reserve your spot. Zoo Members: $20 per person. Non-members: $25 per person, includes Zoo admission. Children under 1 are free. Visit www.bpzoo.org for more information.
The deal, or proposed deal, means that Greece continues to be shackled to the chains of austerity and cuts. The question now is, how will society react to this? The great expectations created by the election of Syriza have been progressively dissipating over the last five months of endless negotiations with the troika which every day have brought ever greater concessions to its demands.
Please, do yourself that favor, or you’ll be seeing eye roll on a regular basis. Everyone’s on something and nobody gives a hootie potato what diet you’re on. Nobody comes up to you and says, I’m on the ‘eat whatever I want diet.’ They don’t care. Yes, I’m passionate about it but I try not to bring it up unless someone mentions a symptom, illness or offers up their advice on what I “should” be doing for my health, then I’ll discuss it until the cows come home.
Kelli Busey Editor in Chief at Planet Transgender Kelli Busey an outspoken gonzo style journalist has been writing since 2007. In 2008, she brought the Dallas Advocate on-line and has articles published by the Reconciling Ministries Network, The Transsexual Menace, The Daily Kos, Frock Magazine the TransAdvocate, the Dallas Voice and The Advocate. Kelli, an avid runner is editor in chief at Planet Transgender which she founded in 2007.
This was really puzzling to me when he brought it up. Barring the awesome combination of Paladin en-Vec plus Umezawa's Jitte, Lightning Helix is like the best card in the deck! It burns! It keeps you alive! It makes for great television! As usual, Pat, the quintessential Red Deck player in the United States, had a really good reason: If you cut Lightning Helix, you have all even damage.
This is where I think there is an element of cognitive dissonance present in a lot of GOP voters. They don’t think of themselves as hurting immigrants, they don’t want to hurt anybody, but they also want to feel more authentic, more American than somebody, and immigrants are a traditional target. They prioritize their desire to feel superior, better than, over their desire to help people who may have been raised in this country, entirely unaware that their parents brought them here illegally as babies. They aren’t entirely unfeeling toward other people, which is why they support parts of the bill, but a whole bill threatens their feeling of supremacy and that cannot happen.
AMD is back in the desktop CPU game with its Ryzen family of processors, thanks to successes with per-core performance and energy efficiency brought about by its "Zen" micro-architecture. The company launched its Ryzen processor family with the top-end Ryzen 7 series, which consists of eight-core models that start at $329 and go all the way up to $499. These chips do manage to make you think twice before choosing an Intel Core i7-7700K quad-core chip, and makes the Core i7 "Broadwell-E" series look terrible, all the way up to the $1,199 i7-6900K. On the brink of Summer 2017, AMD launched the Ryzen 5 line of performance-segment processors to capture key price-points ranging between $170 and $250.The Ryzen 5 series from AMD competes with the entire spectrum of Intel's Core i5 quad-core "Kaby Lake" series, at prices ranging from $170 to $250. This puts Intel's high-volume Core i5-7600K and value-oriented i5-7400 in its crosshairs. Carved out of the same 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon as the eight-core Ryzen 7 series, the Ryzen 5 series consists of six-core and quad-core SKUs, which are further bolstered by SMT (simultaneous multi-threading) and unlocked base-clock multipliers across the board. SMT (and its Intel implementation, Hyper-Threading) is something quad-core Core i5 parts lack, and unlocked multipliers is reserved only for the i5-7600K quad-core and $189 i3-7350K dual core. What's more, the six-core Ryzen 5 parts feature a staggering 16 MB of L3 cache (compared to the paltry 6 MB of the price-comparable Core i5 quad-core parts), and the quad-core Ryzen 5 1400 a decent (on paper) 8 MB. Given AMD has made significant strides in improving per-core performance and the software ecosystem finally taking advantage of more than four logical CPUs, the Ryzen 5 series chips are extremely exciting on paper.The Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip we're reviewing today has an enviable premise - a quad-core chip with SMT enabling 8 threads, 8 MB of L3 cache, and slightly lower clock speeds than the 1500X, yet an unlocked multiplier, for just $170. If you've read our Ryzen 5 1500X review, you'll note that we found it to be a very compelling alternative to the Core i5-7400. At its price, the Ryzen 5 1400 targets the upper-end of Intel's Core i3 dual-core lineup, and maybe even disrupts its entry-level quad-core Core i5 lineup. Dual-core Intel chips still make for decent entry/mainstream gaming PC chips for those who want to game at 1080p with reasonably dialed up settings. AMD is changing the game here by offering up four cores, eight threads, and more than double the cache, besides the freedom to overclock.AMD made the Ryzen 5 1400 by disabling two cores per quad-core complex (CCX) on the 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon, resulting in four cores. In addition, AMD halved the L3 cache per CCX to 4 MB. This is unlike the 1500X, where it left the L3 cache untouched, giving you 16 MB. So you have 8 MB of shared L3 cache and 512 KB of L2 cache per core. The chip is clocked at 3.20 GHz, with 3.40 GHz of TurboCore frequency. It lacks XFR (extended frequency range) in the real sense. A vestige of the feature overclocks the chip up to 50 MHz beyond the rated boost frequency. It doesn't appear to have any real price-matched competitor from the Intel stable. You get the Core i5-7400 at $190, but that's already sorted out by the Ryzen 5 1500X at the same price. Intel recently slashed the price of the overclocker friendly Core i3-7350K dual-core chip to $150, but we haven't had a chance to test it yet.On popular demand, we decided to also run our entire selection of games at HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels). You will likely not game at this resolution, but it provides useful insights into the CPU's performance since games get extremely CPU limited at this resolution.
When officers confronted Shaver in the hotel room, he was brought out into the hallway and ordered to go down on his knees. With his gun drawn, one officer asked if he understood the command.
Getting a beer label to market is an intricate dance fraught with more missteps than the brewing of the beer itself. At the very least, it means navigating a gauntlet of federal and state regulations that can be confusing, contradictory and vague. At worst, it can entail defending your label against a charge of trademark infringement brought by a large mega-corporation (not necessarily even a beer company), and deflecting criticism—sometimes even bomb threats—if you’ve stepped on someone’s toes.
You would think that the average consumer could tell the difference between a beer and a women’s fashion magazine. Yet the publishers of Elle, recalls Adam Avery, brought legal action over a brand called Elle’s Brown Ale, named after the brewer’s late Labrador retriever. Avery resolved the dispute by adding an “i” to make Elle “Ellie.”
“Chris Dortch and his incredible team have crafted an excellent film festival with fantastic programming that brought everyone together in a celebration of cinema. I look forward to its continued growth and to hang out in Chattanooga again!”
Mr. Flynn, the dashing and glamorous son of the movie star Errol Flynn, had in fact briefly been an actor, and he brought an aura with him to Vietnam that gave his disappearance at the age of 28 a mythic quality.
Economics has since gone well beyond Ricardo’s analysis, but it remains instructive when it comes to agricultural products. That brings me to strawberries.
"We are more committed than ever to working with the government of the Philippines and international partners to pursue those responsible for these heinous acts and bring them to justice, however long it takes."
Five men from Tanna's Prince Philip Movement cargo cult, which considers Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh a god, were brought to the United Kingdom as part of the Channel 4 reality show Meet the Natives in 2007. Part of their itinerary included an off-screen meeting with the prince.[9]
In 2009 the Travel Channel aired Meet the Natives: USA, which brought five men from another group from Tanna to the United States.[10] Their tribe reveres Tom Navy, an American World War II sailor who generations ago had taught the inhabitants to live in peace. The Tanna ambassadors were taken across, visiting five states, and eventually meeting former United States Secretary of State Colin Powell and verifying with him that the spirit of peace taught by Tom Navy lives on in then U.S. President, Barack Obama. While visiting with a family on Fort Stewart, US Army Major-General Tony Cucolo conferred a World War II Victory Medal and an Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal upon the chief in representation of the contribution the people of Tanna in World War II.
But history’s judgment of Obama’s foreign policy will likely hang on the outcome of the American-backed coup in Kiev in February 2014. It was intended to bring about Ukraine’s eventual adhesion to the European Union and ultimately to NATO (despite earlier U.S. assurances to the contrary).
The cease-fire between Ukrainian forces and Russian insurgents that precariously prevails today was brought about by Franco-German diplomatic intervention to pre-empt declared American intentions to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to expand the war against the insurgents.
The two deals – negotiated and announced by Jennifer Coleman, Vice President of Licensing and Marketing at 4K Media – bring a new array of Yu-Gi-Oh! collectibles to the worldwide marketplace (outside of Asia).
Mr. Weinberg said that if there were a significant reduction of the tax rate, companies would bring at least $1 trillion back, an amount large enough to affect the prices of equities and debt.
There’s a fair attempt made both to educate about this crisis and to bring its wide-ranging impact home by showing how it affects Mike Rezendes’s (Mark Ruffalo) connection to his faith, or Sacha Pfeiffer’s (Rachel McAdams) relationship with her grandmother, or Matt Carroll’s (Brian d’Arcy James) sense of the safety of his children in his neighborhood. And yet even as the film is about the Catholic Church’s molestation scandal, at a broader level it’s just as much about the way that communities close ranks in the face of a potential crisis, and in how there’s a certain complicity to it, a sometimes unconscious acceptance of how things are that invites horrific actions to be swept under the rug.
Which brings us to Nairo Quintana (Movistar). A theme of 2013 is the resurgence of Colombian cycling but in 2012 Quintana was already leaving Sky trailing in the mountains to win a stage of the Dauphiné. His problem is one of experience, I can see him on the podium but leading the world’s biggest race is a lot for a 23 year old. Plus any haematological advantages from the past few months spent living at home in Colombia will fade by the third week of the Tour. That said he got stronger in the spring as he raced more, he was second on the Col d’Eze time trial of Paris-Nice in March and won the Tour of the Basque Country in April.
By now we’re firmly into outsider territory. Jacob Fuglsang and Janez Brajkovič bring options for Astana and you can see them in the top-10 . Ag2r’s Jean-Christophe Péraud leads the brown-short brigade, he’s a likeable rider but exploring the frontiers of his talent to make the top-10 again. Thibaut Pinot can climb with the best and was tenth overall last year on a route that didn’t suit him. He’s better this year and wants “to confirm” as they say in French, I can see him in the top-10 with ease and taking a stage or two in the mountains but he’ll have to avoid being caught out at the back of the bunch, le placement is his weakness.
Chris Froome is so far ahead do the others have to settle for second place? No, the Tour brings 20 stages where a crash or a puncture can be enough to ruin anyone’s chances and he’s as prone as anyone to have a bad day, it happened in Tirreno-Adriatico where the weather iced him and Vincenzo Nibali and Contador Rodriguez rode away. Froome is my pick to win the race but I would not bet with the prices now.
1. The Church of Scientology allegedly wiretapped Nicole Kidman’s phone. According to the film, Scientology was not keen on Tom Cruise's marriage with Nicole Kidman because her father was a psychologist, making him an enemy in the church’s view. During the marriage, Cruise distanced himself from the church, particularly when the couple moved to England to shoot Stanley Kubrick’s Eyes Wide Shut. In its effort to bring Cruise back into the fold, the church made efforts to undermine the relationship and, at Cruise’s request, allegedly hired a private investigator to tap Kidman’s phones. The church also worked to turn the couple’s son and daughter against Kidman, convincing them that she was a “suppressive person.”
The Bike Artist isn’t nearly done. She wants to tag more lanes in high-traffic bicycling areas and move away from her more humorous messages to focus on promoting responsibility and etiquette. And she’s even seen at least one imitator: A friend has begun spraying stencils in Columbia Heights, using his own designs. Similar-looking stencils aimed at pedestrians can be found on 11th Street NW in the same neighborhood, though BA didn’t notice them until after her project began. In many ways, the tone of her street art—chipper, encouraging, mischievous but hardly subversive—reflects a change in D.C.’s bike culture. Between 2000 and 2011, only New York City saw a sharper drop in car commuting than D.C., according to a recent Public Interest Research Group study. Bikeshare reports about 250,000 rides a month. According to the League of American Bicyclists, bike commuting in D.C. grew 445 percent between 1990 and 2012, and as many as 4.1 percent of D.C. workers commute on bike. The typical D.C. biker is a lot like the Bike Artist—pretty normal. “Bicyclists now aren’t your middle-aged men in Lycra, they aren’t the young white hipster bike-messenger lookalikes,” BA says. “Everyone bikes.” Bike culture in D.C. is “night and day” from about a decade ago, says BicycleSpace co-owner Erik Kugler, whose 7th Street NW bike shop sits in front of a rare sidewalk stencil made by BA. “It used to be exemplified by the courier culture...that was a turnoff to many people. Now it’s just everyday people who are out. What separates the culture now is it feels like you’re in on a secret that brings happiness to your life.” That’s exactly the distinction BA is trying to draw—between bicyclists’ reputation, semirooted in an outdated notion of who bikes, and the way she feels every bicyclist ought to behave. Where most of us fall is probably somewhere in between. “Bicyclists have a reputation of being serious assholes, and this is confronting that perception,” BA says of her project. As an example, she points to a recent article on Greater Greater Washington, a first-person account by a bike-accident victim who was ticketed by police after a driver turned into his path, causing a collision, and was later allegedly told by a police officer that of course he was at fault—he’s a biker. In that case, the bicyclist did everything right. But in the heated discourse of urban transit policy, BA is frustrated that bicyclists are often stereotyped as aggressive lawbreakers. That perception, she says, is unfair, but is nevertheless framed “by the portion of people that run through red lights, don’t yield at stop signs, bike on sidewalks, bike the wrong way up streets—those people frame other road users’ perceptions that all bicyclists are wrong and disrespectful. I’m so polite. I’m overly polite to get over that perception. I, like, stop and wave and smile at people.” Bikers, of course, have plenty of reasons to remain aggressive—they still get killed on the road, after all, and must navigate laws that often force them to think like motorists and pedestrians at the same time. And so the notion that more bicyclists ought to set a better example, Kugler says, is “a little tough to swallow with all these cars doing illegal U-turns” and violating traffic laws in ways that can hurt bikers. “We’re supposed to be the ones who set a good example?” As American cities have knocked down the barriers to everyday biking by building more bike lanes, adding Bikeshare systems, and improving signage—as they’ve given more of the road to bicyclists—those policies have become politicized. (See the conservative think tank founder who recently berated a bicyclist for reporting a truck blocking the L Street cycletrack, or Christopher Caldwell’s recent Weekly Standard screed against the bicycling lobby.) But in D.C., the temperature of the bicycle debate is beginning to drop. Public discourse still centers on the toll of gentrification—on the widening gulf between the city’s wealthier, whiter population and its poorer, blacker one—but three years removed from the Fenty administration, bicycling is less of a signifier of a societal rift. (Biking advocates, of course, might point out that the pace of bicycle-infrastructure expansion has slowed, too, although DDOT wants to build 140 more miles of cycletracks and bike lanes.) And as the population of daily, nonideological bicyclists has grown, BA’s instinct—that they need an angel on their shoulder—more or less feels right. That, anyway, is why Kugler says he gives the bike stencils a “99 out of 100.” “It’s a message for the modern biking culture,” Kugler says. “It’s not a renegade culture anymore.” ***
There will also be a Hippie Market on the beach during the contest. Cabarete has many jewelry makers, clothes designers, and savvy shoppers who sell their item in local markets. There is no charge to participate in the market, just bring your own setup and merchandise.
The series of self-contained stories follows Will and the rebel forces’ ongoing quest to find the mythical Crystal Arrow which is essential to restore young Princess Vara to her rightful place on the royal throne and defeat Xax and Kreel’s forces – and, by doing so, bring back peace and order to the Kingdom of Kale.
Above you'll see a picture of Scott Olson, the Getty photographer who's brought us many of the most striking images of protests and police crackdown that followed the shooting of Michael Brown.
Goldsmith, Big East Co-Offensive Player of the Year, went unselected in the 2017 Major League Soccer SuperDraft. The Eleven, who play a tier lower in the North American Soccer League, brought him in for a preseason trial. The 23-year-old had to earn his spot. And he did.
After a trade with the San Francisco 49ers that would have brought safety L.J. McCray to Seattle fell through, the Seattle Times is reporting that the Seahawks will fill the open spot on their 53-man roster by resigning Tani Tupou.
The Seahawks final 53-man roster didn’t have a fullback heading into the first week of the regular season after they released Will Tukuafu and waived Tupou on Saturday. The Seahawks will have the option to bring Tukuafu back on the roster after week one without a guaranteed salary.
Our tasting offered just a cross section of the many, many American craft beers that fall into this category. Clearly, even defined as Amber/Red, the designation covers a very wide range of flavors and styles. It pays to get to know the styles of the various producers, and to know your own tastes. When you invite Brother American Amber to the table, he brings along an extended family.
Qi has been designed and built by Dr. Jeannot and his team of security professionals. They cumulatively bring 27+ years of experience in the field of security and come from mathematics, physics and computer science backgrounds. Together they have previously built security products and services for Fortune 500 companies and Governments.
Trump has shown that his candidacy is immune to the types of attacks that can bring down normal Republican candidates. He’s on record mocking a war hero and praising House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), he has advocated for higher taxes, donated to Democrats and called for single-payer health care. None of that has mattered. But does his golf history provide opponents with the opening they need?
The company began a program in 2013 to increase its hiring of U.S. veterans and was able to sign up 10,000. Today's announcement would bring the number to 30,000 by the year 2020.
With only five months to get ready for the targeted Nov. 1 season opener, the playing rules and style of operation were based as closely as possible on the successful college game. However, rather than play 40 minutes divided into two halves, the BAA game was eight minutes longer and played in four 12-minute quarters so as to bring an evening's entertainment up to the two-hour period owners felt the ticket buyers expected. Also, although zone defenses were permitted in college play, it was agreed during that first season that no zones be permitted, since they tended to slow the game down.
By today's standards, the first training camps were primitive, often a day-to-day proposition. The Warriors, for instance, shuttled between a number of Philadelphia-area gymnasiums, usually on the condition that they scrimmage the team whose home floor it was. This brought about the curious spectacle one afternoon of a BAA team playing against
DAMIAN FORD: I don't know, like, I have always been brought up just to look after myself and never really, if someone comes at me, never back down.
JANINE COHEN: The vast majority of people brought into Sydney's St Vincent's Hospital this Saturday night are heavily intoxicated.
Bayer said that the company had been served with 74 lawsuits brought by women who charge that they developed health problems after taking Yaz or Yasmin. The company says it intends to defend itself vigorously against the suits.
"Part of the leadership I'll bring to that forward line will be driving that real defensive pressure and making it as difficult as we can."
“It's a great feeling to know we're including people who are often left out when it comes to live shows,” Chance writes. “Which is also why we're advocating for more artists to link up with DEAFinitely Dope and figure out how to bring music ASL interpreters into their spaces.”
Patrick Petty, a fan who came to see Maxey and DEAFinitely Dope perform at Chance's Lolla show, says his deaf sister, Annie, "looks at Matt like I look at Jay-Z." A lifelong hip-hop fan and a new friend of Maxey's, Petty says he and his sister can finally lose their shit over music together thanks to Maxey and the videos they watch of him on Instagram, and though she couldn't make it to Lolla, he can't wait to bring her to a show. "We're gonna cry tears of joy over this shit," he says.
Under Australian law, a person may bring a defamation case to court based on information posted online by someone in another country, providing that the material is accessible in Australia and that the defamed person enjoys a reputation in Australia. In some cases, this law allows for the possibility of libel tourism, which allows individuals from any country to take up legal cases in Australia because of the more favorable legal environment regarding defamation suits. The right to reputation is generally afforded greater protection in countries like Australia and the United Kingdom than the right of freedom of expression. In Australia this is especially so as freedom of expression is limited to political speech. While the United States and the United Kingdom have recently enacted laws to restrict libel tourism, Australia is not currently considering any such legislation.
(Newser) – The largest solar energy plant in the world could bring a surprising array of dangers to the Mojave Desert when constructed is completed, reports the LA Times. First off, it's huge: 170,000 large mirrors will be installed at the Ivanpah plant, heating water in three 45-story towers to 1,000 degrees. Critics say no one can specify the dangers because no solar plant has been bulit on this scale—but it might vaporize birds, blind drivers miles away, flip small airplanes, or even attract Air Force heat-seeking missiles.
"It's just one of those things that is just so central to our identity," Swarbrick said. "We want to be Augusta-like in that way, and that's why after we discussed it one time it was never brought up in conversation again.
He’s so sad and pathetic. And even with his whole thing in California, there’s this kind of nervous quality about him, and I don’t think it’s just because he’s around Don. I think he’s a misfit. And in this episode, you saw everybody kind of realizing that the lives they’ve been leading have brought them into paralysis. Like that image of Don at the end where he’s sitting outside in the cold, alone; I think he and then Peggy and Pete and Roger, they’re all butting up against their own lives all of a sudden, and finding that what had been working and moving them along has brought them to a standstill, and they don’t really know how to make this work. And that was definitely the feeling after Manson — and again, Manson didn’t happen until August, so they’re a ways away from that — but this feeling of, how did we arrive at the juncture? What we’ve always thought works, doesn’t. And that is, in essence, the feeling after Manson. Things don’t work. Which is different than, say, Betty shaking out all her trash at the picnic in season one and leaving it in the park. The attitude in the early sixties was that somebody would always come around and make it all better.
I just feel that every single character is important, so we really spent a lot of time on every single one. We always thought of Rachelle [Lefevre] as Julia because I had worked with her on A Gifted Man, but we went through all kinds of discussions for all the other characters. When Alex Koch was cast as Junior, he had never auditioned before. He had just come out of college in the theater program. That never happens. We brought him to the network three times.
I think my favorite memory is seeing the cut of episode seven. Watching the whole episode and going, “Oh my gosh. That is really, really powerful.” That took me through so many emotions and so many feelings that it was almost like I was just an audience member. I was so separated from having done it that I was able to watch it for the first time, and it really hit me like, “Wow. This is intense! This is sad! This is moving! This is really, really great.” That’s my favorite moment. My second favorite is in episode five when the bomb hits and Norrie and Joe are kissing and the music is playing Skeeter Davis’s “End of the World.” I love that. I was on YouTube when that happened and people were commenting on the video of her singing the song from 1965 and saying, “The dome brought me here. The dome brought me here.” That was really gratifying.
The feature — written by Brett Martin, the author of the must-read new book "Difficult Men: Behind the Scenes of a Creative Revolution: From 'The Sopranos' and 'The Wire' to 'Mad Men' and 'Breaking Bad'" — also reveals the "Breaking Bad" writers' room contains a fan letter from Henry "The Fonz" Winkler, that the equally comedically gifted Cranston had a fondness for various phallic props to bring levity to the "Bad" set, and that the actor thinks everyone, in the right circumstances, could become "an extremely dangerous person."
In an interview with authorities on October 20, 1981, Townley declared that Castro opponent Virgilio Paz Romero brought with him a Colt .45 caliber automatic pistol when he visited Chile in the spring of 1976. According to Townley, Romero said that the weapon had recently been used in a "hit" by the Cuban Nationalist Movement and that his purpose in Chile was to use it again. Townley then said that Romero had broken the weapon in pieces and scattered the pieces throughout Santiago.
Chief Justice Moore caused havoc again in January when he issued another shameful order claiming that the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges does not specifically address Alabama’s marriage equality ban. Moore justified his unconscionable position by asserting that state law allows him to "take affirmative and appropriate action to correct or alleviate any condition or situation adversely affecting the administration of justice within the state." Despite his opposition to marriage equality, Moore last month was forced to dismiss a final challenge to the state’s marriage ban with was brought by local anti-LGBT groups.
What has Quincey brought the Red Wings so far? Three points and 29 penalty minutes. 17 of those penalty minutes came last night, 15 as a result of the play that got him suspended.
That’s not the reason it should sound familiar, though. The Russian incursion into Abkhazia and South Ossetia came after the Bush administration made overtures to bring Georgia into NATO, too, as Vladimir Putin responded by going to war with Georgia to seize the two provinces before Georgia had access to an Article V intervention. The Bush administration got tough with Putin at that point, but Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton reversed that policy with their infamous “reset button” in March 2009, leaving the occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as a fait accompli. Their efforts to appease Putin failed spectacularly in Ukraine five years later, when a push from European nations to get Ukraine to realign both politically and economically to the West triggered the same kind of response.
Mr Livingstone said former President Hugo Chavez, who died in 2013, brought people out of poverty and created a "fair system".
And these have all combined to bring about his precipitous decline.
If you deny that the kind of overblown rhetoric that Democrats have specialized in over the past months — warning about traitorous subterfuge and foreign infiltration — can have any trickle-down effect on regular people, you’re deluding yourself. And yes, this same principle applies across the board. Republicans and conservatives who wail delusionally about Sharia Law and the usurpation of American institutions by scheming Muslims also have this effect. Given that Islam-obsessives promote a political ideology that reeks of paranoia and conspiratorial fancy, it should be no surprise that disturbed individuals occasionally latch on to these beliefs and commit acts of violence. When this occurs, the act can be reasonably attributed to the right-wing provocateurs who have spewed such propaganda for such an extended period of time. Does that mean you can assign direct culpability to any given provocateur for any given violent act? No. To do that would be to make an unfounded claim of causation, and establishing causation is inherently tenuous in these situations. But it’s ridiculous to suggest that political beliefs can’t motivate unstable people to act in certain ways, including in ways that bring about violence.
Republicans brought the bill up under a suspension of the rules in order to allow for quicker consideration, although that move also required a two-thirds majority vote.
These pro-forma, A4 sheets give basic information, including start and finish times for each act, length of interval, details of any absentees and who covered their roles. Sometimes a performance is momentarily brought to life by the section headed "Remarks" or, latterly, "Comments". Here, stage managers always hope to write "Full house. Clean show. Standing ovation", and, far more often than not, no problems are noted. But in live theatre it will never be all right every night…
Stage manager: Ernest Hall. Alan Ayckbourn's comedy, set on a riverboat which moved through a large, on-stage water tank, brought a series of mishaps unprecedented – and unrepeated – in the National's history. Cast included Jim Norton and Tony Haygarth
Now let’s imagine your friend wants to buy the product. Clicking on the link brings up a page featuring the product with a nice big red buy now button at the bottom.
Leading and following are human activities; sometimes we don’t even recognize when they’re happening. Who are we following? Who are we leading? To where? We can bring an awareness of these questions into our decision-making process, for the benefit of ourselves and others.
Aykroyd also said he wants to work to bring more attention to the needs of law enforcement agencies.
Brooks has run roughshod over and thumbed her nose at every institution that has ever attempted to rein her in, starting with city administrators, the City Auditor’s Office and the Alameda County grand jury. She also brought a $1 million libel lawsuit against The Chronicle and me in 2008. A court dismissed her claim a year later, a decision upheld on appeal.
Opera Theater of St. Louis, May 20-June 25; Loretto-Hilton Center, Webster University, Webster Groves, Mo.: The 45th festival of operas in English will bring the U.S. premiere of Philip Glass' "The Trial," based on Franz Kafka's novel; a new performing version of "The Grapes of Wrath" by Ricky Ian Gordon; Puccini's "Madame Butterfly"; and Mozart's "Titus" ("La Clemenza di Tito"). 312-961-0044; www.experienceopera.org
I got my hands on an early build of the latest Civilization game, "Beyond Earth," which brings the longstanding 4X series to outer space. No, it's absolutely not Alpha Centauri. Seriously, it's not. Forget that Sid Meier helmed both games, and that Alpha Centauri was basically Civilization in Space. It's not Alpha Centauri.
Each affinity has its own long-term project for a win condition. Supremacy, the most militaristic win condition, requires eventually going back and conquering the Earth you left behind. Purity players will instead bring Earth's population to this new, terraformed planet. Harmony followers will merge with the planet and create a planet-wide consciousness.
It wasn’t until a few Opteris attack fleets showed up on my doorstep that I experienced a complete loss of all sound and music in-game while playing on my laptop. I tried to turn sound and music options on and off, but nothing beyond a complete exit and restart of the game would bring the sound back. In addition, the sound would cut out shortly after re-loading once the Opteris showed up again. I think that beam weapons may have been a factor in the sound loss, but it is hard to say.
Notley said provinces will also discuss the fallout from the Supreme Court’s year-old decision in the landmark Jordan case, which delivers hard deadlines to bring criminal cases to trial. More than 200 cases have already been tossed out due to unreasonable delays.
Wednesday's slide brings the stock market closer to a correction. That happens when a benchmark index like the S&P 500 falls 10 percent or more from a recent peak.
“(Disney) reported having performed subsequent testing and disinfection and brought the towers back into service (Sunday),” Good said.
Many of us might be inclined to describe our exes as "crazy." After all, divorce doesn't normally bring out the best in folks. But according to Dr. George Simon, some divorces may be exceptionally toxic because one party suffers from what he terms a "character disorder" (CD). Divorcing a disordered person is its own particular kind of hell, distinct from the usual miseries of divorce.
Perhaps even more important is the ordeal the CD wants to be sure the ex-partner goes through. They'll bring out such big cannons with their lawyer, that the other party has to spend much time, energy, and money either defending themselves or just trying to survive the ordeal that they have no time, energy, or money left to advocate for a stronger position.
"I was so proud of him I wanted to tweet it. My post has reached thousands and that's brought me to tears.
We brought a whole pie to the Dome. pic.twitter.com/5uVqoAOK9Q — Jake Goldsbie (@JGoldsbie) June 9, 2016
Today we brought 6.5 pounds of wings. pic.twitter.com/9L5ZDrLhCg — Jake Goldsbie (@JGoldsbie) June 10, 2016
The Toronto Blue Jays are in a nail-bitingly close battle for the top spot in the American League East right now, but it's become pretty clear who's winning when it comes to having the strongest snack game at the Skydome.Jake Goldsbie is best known for his role as Toby Isaacs on Degrassi: The Next Generation — the dorky younger brother of Jimmy Brook's onetime girlfriend, Ashley. And while life has yet to mimic art and put him in the running to be Drake 's brother-in-law, the Toronto-born actor is doing rather well for himself.He currently co-hosts a podcast called Sportsfeld, and like any good sports-loving Torontonian, he's a regular attendee at Jays games. The team's home ball park, the Rogers Centre ( formerly known as the Skydome ), has a policy that allows guests to bring their own outside food into the stadium during games, and Goldsbie has been testing the limits of the rule in style lately.Earlier this season, he brought an entire pizza to his seat.For the next game he attended, a whopping 6.5 pounds of chicken wings from home were on the menu.Then there was a burrito.His most recent food-related feat was by far the most impressive, though, taking things up a notch and arriving with a full-on charcuterie board in tow last weekend.The Jays are currently on the road, but who knows what hilarious and delicious treats Goldsbie will return with when his team steps back on to home turf.Clearly the sky is the limit for this savvy sports fan — well, as long as the dome is open.Thanks to Buzzfeed for the tasty tip.
In spite of the successful integration of Austria into the international community that Schober – and later Seipel – achieved, the country's economic situation continued to deteriorate. The currency collapsed into hyperinflation. Inflation was brought under control through a currency reform, but the foreign creditors funding this reform demanded a course of strict austerity that made most Austrians even poorer. Unemployment was high, unemployment benefits and pensions were inadequate. In fact, even Austrians in stable formal employment had trouble meeting basic needs.
The Streeruwitz government, a coalition of Christian Social Party, People's Party, and the agrarian Landbund, engaged the Heimwehr in negotiations regarding constitutional reform. Heimwehr, government, and Social Democrats were close to a compromise when, in late September, Heimwehr and Christian Social Party brought down Streeruwitz anyway. Seipel was still leading the Christian Social Party but once again had no desire to step up and assume responsibility himself. As he had done in 1921, Seipel chose to install Schober instead.
Taking clear pictures of megaenzymes isn’t easy. But it’s definitely worth it. These proteins play an active role in creating many common antibiotics. They are in constant motion, with sections that flip around acrobatically to carry out necessary tasks. Now, for the first time, McGill researchers have been able to take a series of 3D images of a large section from one of these medicine-synthesizing enzymes in action. The researchers believe that the images they have generated will not only bring scientists closer to understanding how many antibiotics are made, but could, with further research, lead to the development of much needed next-generation antibiotics.
The anti-illegal immigration protests Monday brought out new, first-time demonstrators and onlookers from many different backgrounds–from young enlisted Marines to legal immigrants from Germany, Mexico, and Central America. Karen Siegemund of Rage Against the Media, comedian and author Evan Sayet, and radio host Kender Macgowan made it out as well.
"Even the process of recognising that there is a gap, and that we have to struggle against that problem, means that we are at least beginning to bring those voices in."
On July 30, Reps. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and John Lewis (D-GA) introduced the “Employee Empowerment Act,” legislation that would make joining a union a legally protected civil right. The bill would bring union membership under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act – the same legislation that bars employment discrimination based on race, gender, religion, national origin and more.
During a police raid of a Cannabis Culture shop on Church Street in Toronto, these bags and boxes were brought out the back door into an unmarked van. (Emma Kimmerly/CBC)
The average salary for full-time public-school teachers in the U.S. is about $56,000, according to the United States Department of Education. Contrast that with millions for coaches, who, incidentally, don’t bring in much revenue for the schools they work for. Most of the money earned by athletics teams goes to paying the costs of team maintenance, and while having a prestigious team attached to a college or university may attract students and some alumni donations, it certainly doesn’t result in more equipment and resources for students on campus, let alone better working conditions for staff.
As Fischer-Baum points out, major athletic departments actually lose money, rather than bring it in.
Clearly the data breach notification could have been handled much better. In particular, users should have been informed when the breach was first brought to the AA’s attention in April rather than seemingly swept under the carpet. Still, better late than never I guess…
Former Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO—and current secretary of state—Rex Tillerson was scheduled to meet with President Trump in Washington at 1:35 p.m. EST, according to a schedule provided to reporters. Current Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO Darren Woods used a keynote address at an energy conference in Houston to tout his company’s Growing the Gulf initiative, described as a $20 billion investment in nearly a dozen projects in Louisiana and Texas. According to the conference agenda, Woods took the stage between 3:10 p.m. EST and 3:40 p.m. EST.* Exxon Mobil issued a 400-odd-word press release about its Gulf Coast initiative at 3:10 p.m. EST. The White House issued a 350-odd-word press release congratulating the company on its announcement—and touting it as an evidence of the president delivering on his “promise to bring back jobs to America.” That statement went out at 3:43 p.m. EST and Trump then tweeted it out at 4:19 p.m.
When this is done successfully, the audience can inhabit the world created by the story. And as such, the sonic elements that bring such a world into existence are meticulously curated and executed with precision.
In this article, I’ll focus on a few of the basic roles that sounds engineers fill and some of the techniques they use to bring audio to life on the screen.
To recreate a coherent and realistic sonic atmosphere for a scene, sound will be recorded on location. This is especially the case if the scene happens to take place in a unique sonic environment. If there is a scene in a rainforest for example, what better way to create genuine ambience than to capture the surrounding audio: water trickling in a nearby creek, distant birdsong, the leaves rustling. Even if these sounds were to be replaced later, it is important to have a reference for the potential sounds that may need to included later on. Which brings us to…
Supermarkets use competitive petrol prices to bring people into their stores, he added.
However, even though defeat was a formality, a raving lunatic was in charge. Hitler inexplicably insisted every German should fight to the death. Anyone with half a brain would have long since brought out the white flag! Just to give you an idea, imagine Hitler surrendering at the end of 1944. How many lives do you think would have been saved? You see the truth of what occurred in 1945 in terms of casualties has never been told. Here's something for you to digest - MORE PEOPLE DIED IN 1945 THAN IN THE ENTIRE WAR PRIOR! ........ Takes some believing ....... yet it's true. The vast majority of deaths in the camps occurred in the final months of the war when the Germans were well and truly in retreat. Then there was the carpet bombing of Germany and Japan which killed millions of civilians. There was the street to street fighting which inevitably incurred horrific losses - the Russians lost 100,000 men merely taking Berlin!
Ward didn't believe them at first, but he eventually brought them upstairs where Keasey was sitting on the bed. It was in the room that Ward showed Wolfe something that disturbed the troopers, and gave the situation a greater sense of urgency. Out of a nightstand drawer, Ward pulled the photo of himself that Keasey had found in the printer at work.
Fearful for their lives, Wolfe brought Ward and Keasey to a York County Drug Task Force location in York where they decided to do something Wolfe had never done in his career. Hess wanted proof that Ward was dead before paying Jones, so they were going to give him that proof.
The 7" single was backed with two tracks from Contractual Obligation, "I Bet You They Won't Play This Song on the Radio" and "I'm So Worried", while the cassette and CD singles added a German-language version of "The Lumberjack Song" taken from the first Fliegender Zirkus episode. The single reached the top ten in October and prompted a deliberately chaotic performance by Idle on Top of the Pops. Despite some predictions, it did not manage to bring an end to Bryan Adams' unprecedented run at the top of the UK Singles Chart with "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", instead peaking at number 3 and leading to a re-promotion for the 1989 compilation Monty Python Sings, which the song opens. However, the single did get to Number 1 in Ireland on 13 October 1991, despite Life of Brian having been banned in Ireland, and the soundtrack on Warners withdrawn when released after protests. Following this attention, the song became more popular than ever. Two cover versions, by Tenor Fly (incorporating the piano riff from Nina Simone's "My Baby Just Cares for Me"), and the cast of Coronation Street, both reached the charts in 1995.
We are equal parts a questing species and a very visual one. We go places so that we can see what is there and we carry our cameras so we can bring home evidence of those sights. That’s especially important when the destination is one that only 24 human beings out of all of the billions who have ever lived have gotten to visit.
Today’s update also brings support for 96KHz/24bit lossless audio playback. Google calls this higher-than-CD quality audio and is certainly another shot at Sonos. The Chromecast Audio works with Android and iOS and speakers with 3.5mm, RCA, or Optical Audio.
Nowadays we have computers and phones equipped with multi-core processors. These computers can actually perform multiple computations in parallel. All the cores or processors share the same memory (RAM) and IO bus. The operating system is able to schedule work on different cores simultaneously. This is called symmetric multi processing (SMP). Programs take advantage of SMP. With the help of the operating system, the programs distribute computation to multiple cores, and bring down the overall execution time by a huge factor. The operating system, and programming language features play a huge role in making SMP available to programmers. The intension of this post is to delve deep and understand how the language features, operating system and hardware architecture enables use of SMP in applications. If one is already well versed in multi-threaded application programming, he/she may skip directly to “Understanding SMP hardware architecture“.
SteamVR also brings VR support inside Steam's Big Picture. Read this if you want to try it out.
“This allows Aurora to bring the Airbnb brand into our marketing system. They can get those quality visitors who come through our website,” he said. “They are one of our Aurora lodging partners. That’s why going forward, this is something that will enhance the homeowners’ experience as well.”
Siolim House is a truly unique boutique hotel that’s a real joy to stay in, brought alive by the energy and passion of its owner, in a stunning location that manages to remain sedate while still being close to all the best attractions of north Goa.
Maduro announced that he would mark the graduation by approving a pay rise for around 6,600 municipal and state police officers. According to the president, the salary adjustments will bring these officers in line with national standards. Last month, Maduro stated he planned on further standardising Venezuela's various regional police forces.
Back in February, Harry Wentland posted a patch set adding the new "DAL display driver" to the AMD GPU subsystem; this driver, he said, would "allow us going forward to bring display features on the open amdgpu driver (mostly) on par with the Catalyst driver." It was not a small patch, adding 279 new source files containing nearly 94,000 lines of code. That code saw little public discussion and was never merged, though it has become clear that some private discussion took place.
The kernel community has a long experience with midlayers, and that experience is generally seen as being bad. For an extensive discussion of the midlayer pattern in the kernel, this 2009 article from Neil Brown is recommended reading. A midlayer architecture can bring a whole raft of long-term maintainability issues in general; the graphics developers are also concerned about some more specific issues.
I hear every excuse in the book, and I could care less what yours might be, but riding outside the ring is the of the most underutilized tools of becoming a stellar rider, and stellar horse, especially pertaining to the hunter rings. Yep—that “cross-country” term that brings people to firmly shake their heads, quiver in their boots, and refuse to even consider.
In some ways that explains the 2011 riots in England too. At the time I called them an “uprising of the working class” and I stick to that assessment today. The riots were brought about not only by irresponsibility, but also inequality: by a sense of revulsion at denied opportunity, poverty and injustice. England is one of the richest countries on earth, but it is also one of the most polarised.
When recklessness and greed shattered the economy in 2008, young people were destroyed. Those aged between 18 and 24 have accounted for almost 30% of the total rise in the unemployment rate brought about by the “great recession”. As a consequence, by the time 2011 arrived the UK was marked by the most unequal distribution of wealth and income since the 1930s. Inequality, unemployment, and absolute powerlessness had become the dominant issues facing England’s young. As millions were slashed from youth services, troubled experts started making stark predictions, falling over themselves to warn how Britain’s young people were in danger of becoming a “lost generation”.
Josh Reynolds is a fascinating case, as his evaluation brought on a healthy mix of questions and answers. After questioning whether some of the anecdotes of his strongest traits hold up, we may have stumbled on how he truly stands out among players incubated in similar collegiate environments.
With verifiable strengths in the air in the contested catch game and more notably on the ground after the catch, Reynolds has abilities to lean on while he marinates in the technical portions of the wide receiver craft. Of all the developmental receivers who need to overcome limitations brought on by their college role, take Josh Reynolds as the one to see his ability shine through over his assignment. The ceiling might not be tremendous in his future outlook, with a lack of spectacular scores across the board, but don’t be surprised if by 2019 or earlier, Reynolds is competing for or locked down a prominent complementary spot in a passing game.
DigiKam is an easy but powerful photo management and re-touching application. It's got lots of great features, and this article has only touched on the basics. There's so much more to explore in digiKam, including features—such as the easiest Batch Queue processing system I've ever seen in a GUI photo application—that still elude other editors. DigiKam isn't just efficient, it's fun to use, brings your photos to life, makes rummaging through directories and directories of pictures to find the really good ones fun, and gives you the freedom and courage to make them better.
The potential contract was huge, and U.S. aircraft manufacturers brought ambitious proposals to the table. One of the designs—the Model 1211-J—came from the Douglas Aircraft Company in Santa Monica, California. Never had a bomber looked so capable—on paper.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
Slimer was subsequently cast as the iconic lime-green spook, going on to appear in 147 episodes. He brought his own twist to the role.
"Granted it's one of the toughest fights, but it's a good match-up, people love [Brown], he was a fight away from a title shot, ranked fifth, and fans would flip," Woodley told MMA Fighting Tuesday. "I feel like he will bring the best out of me and test my limits. I respect him as a fighter and feel fighting him makes the most since for my career."
But Kelly brought elements to her career that elevated her above her peers. Like van Susteren, she’s a lawyer by training. Early on, she put those skills to to use as an “investigative” journalist, famously “revealing” that Obama’s Justice Department was soft on black radicals. Like Ann Coulter she knows how to harness the power of a sassy quip delivered from inside a black halter top. And, she’s managed to brand herself as a Palin woman, rejecting “interest group” feminism, proudly flaunting three on-air pregnancies while snappily shooting down neanderthals like Lou Dobbs and right-wing blogger Erick Erickson on women’s proper roles in society. She’s useful in branding Fox for women. As Alyssa Rosenberg noted on ThinkProgress after Kelly excoriated Erickson about women being genetically made for housework:
“I offered a tongue-in-cheek message for any kids watching,” she explained. “Humor is a part of what we try to bring to this show, but sometimes that is lost on the humorless. Many questioning whether I understand that Santa is a mythical figure, others suggesting that I am a racist who is outraged at the idea of a black Santa. Well, this would be funny if it were not so telling about our society, in particular the kneejerk instinct by so many to race-bait and to assume the worst in people. Especially people employed by the very powerful Fox News channel.”
This latest analysis exonerates the usual suspects and pins the blame on Dawson alone, since the forger’s modus operandi was so consistent among all the fakes, and a limited number of specimens were used to create all the fake fossils. He brought the first fossils to Woodward, and nobody ever uncovered a new specimen when he wasn’t present at the site. No more Piltdown fossils were found after Dawson’s death in 1916. He had the necessary access and connections, and he knew that the British scientists would expect to see “a large brain, ape-like face and jaws, and heavily fossilized materials that indicated great antiquity” in any missing link, the authors write.
Beijing condemns the self-immolation protests and also says it has brought development to Tibet. Yushu is a rugged, remote corner of the Tibetan plateau, where a devastating earthquake struck in 2010, killing nearly 2,700 people.
There’s clearly a widespread myth out there that this brake is somehow only supposed to be used when the car is already parked. Yes, you’d normally never ever use this brake to actually stop the car, and yes, you primarily use it to hold the car in position while it is parked. But think about it, if it doesn’t bring the car to a stop while it is moving, then how can it possibly have enough holding power to keep the car from rolling down a hill? Simple answer: It doesn’t!
Unfortunately for the church, the public debate over same-sex marriage is precisely the issue. For a clergy person to be forbidden from performing a wedding ceremony that is legal, then to be brought up on charges after performing a legal ceremony is outrageous. It is another example of the conflict between church and state—and the impossible, and seemingly immoral, positions the church continues to put its clergy into.
Coach Bret Bielema brought Kelley and Storey into his office Tuesday morning to explain the practice plan.
A federal judge appointed by President George W. Bush recently tossed out a lawsuit brought against the so-called commission for excluding Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson. The judge ruled that the commission is a private entity and that only government institutions have First Amendment obligations.
Another student: Young people are the future. We don’t read the news but we’ll read a Twitter feed. We’re going to know what’s going on through our social media and so using Instagram, Twitter, can bring up terms like “foreign policy.”
So far OryLab—which has nine employees—has made close to 100 OriHime robots. Fifty have been rented out; some for free and others at a charge of 300,000 YEN ($277) per month. The rest are undergoing testing. The company is aiming to have made at least 300 robots by the end of this year, and want to produce close to 1,000 in 2017. It also wants to bring the robot's rental fee down to 10,000 YEN ($92) per month. Akirahime explained that the startup prefered renting out its robots as opposed to selling them as the software is constantly being improved based on user feedback.
4 defensive bonus on top of a clean sheet, and all for $1.5 cheaper than Ciman? Aaaand a favorable schedule leading up to their DGW in Round 8? Better bring him in before his price gets too high!
"In the final analysis, he'll only go when someone meets his asking price, but there can be a value in protest for protest's sake, in saying that this is not good enough, that more should be expected, that a club is not just about profit margins but a collection of human beings brought together for a common cause.
“And that runs through our entire society which says that failure and being weak is something that women’s do and being strong is what men do. And so when we look at the suicide prevention strategy where it says and mentions that men are at higher risk than women, it then goes on to look at what other factors like ethnicity, sexuality or anything else that bring that kind of added qualification as for why we should look at a particular group as needing anything.
During the CES trek I take every year the Modders-Inc team in 2014 landed at the Zotac Booth. While at the booth we got the normal tour of all the items they had and are coming out with. During this we came across a computer that was shaped like an orb called the Zotac ZBOX Sphere OI520. My first thought was “Wow this would be a cool case to mod into the Death Star from Star Wars”. So during the conversation I brought up the idea and we all had a good laugh about and went on talking about others things. Well a month later I got contacted by Zotac about bringing the Death Star Case Mod to life and of course my reactions was “Yes, lets do it”. And so the journey began…
Mike: Yeah. So after the guy spills the coffee over the laptop he offers to take us to an Apple repair store where we can get the computer looked at. So we travel there and we were a bit nervous and so is he because he’s he’s afraid he might have to pay all this money to repair the laptop. So we get to the apple repair store and it on trying to ease the tension as the computer is being taken apart and looked at so I asked him what do you do, what are you up to in Istanbul and it turns out he’s this robotics engineering student And he’s in Istanbul at the moment to attend this Google conference for robotics and that’s this big competition that they have like battle robots going against each other so it seem like a really interesting thing. So he actually invited us to the event and I was thinking about we’re in Istanbul for a couple of weeks just you know waiting for my visa and it would be nice to have some friends and meet some people involved in tech, maybe meet some investors and since starting this incubator in Plovdiv it would be a cool thing to meet people involved in robotics, AI or whatever. This impulse to ask him about his life for what he’s up to in Istanbul and the whole coffee spilling incident brought us unto this next step to meet someone involved in the robotics and tech scene. So it’s pretty cool. Turned out the laptop was totally cool, no problems whatsoever. Euvie’s just got a little bit of a sticky keyboard but you know it didn’t have any problems.
Duncan: You can begin to see new fields of data and then transform those fields of data using techniques that most people think are absolute b******* . But you will begin to witness actual profound changes in your own subjective universe from these techniques and then you, your life starts jumping timelines because whatever the timeline you were on prior to recognising this data fields and manipulating them and that’s gone, you basically kill yourself because now you’ve jumped in a completely new version of reality where suddenly you’re with a person that you would never been with had you not shifted you’re thinking and this will bring you into the presence of either really good people are very dangerous people. Depending on what kind of magic you’re practicing, you know. Because some people are really into power. I was at this round as a treat talking to someone who met Carlos Castinada. You guys know Carlos Castinada? The sorcerer?
Duncan: Exactly. So, So I can read that in The Bhagavad Gita and it’s cool like how he understands the vastness of the cosmology in what we call Hinduism. But in real life are you ready for that, are you ready to see that and to really see it? Not just to think man, can I really manipulate reality using my mind or is it possible that we exist in multiple timelines. Is it possible that we are existing in a multiverse and I can jump in the different multiverses just through intention moving closer and closer and closer to my divine self. Is it possible that my divine super evolved actualized self existing at some point in some future and some multiverse can send signals back to me that I can follow in the direction of that thing. Is it possible that at some point in some future in some multiverse there is some awakened version of me that is the awakening version of all people that is calling out through all multiverses to bring those who can hear closer to it and we call that thing Gad when actually the closer you get to the thing the more you turn into it. Because it’s that powerful and if that is possible are you ready for that? Your ego will be like f*** yeah I’m ready, that sounds awesome
Duncan: A dream for him, a true dream. But God forbid that should happen. So, in a same way If you begin the wake up to some of these things and you’re weak and you don’t have great intentions you just want to be surrounded by, and you see this all the time like anytime you see someone who’s got an entourage. You’re witnessing a magician. They might not know but that’s what they are and you’re witnessing a magician that surrounds themselves with human energy and it’s kind of like vortex floating around them in the form of all their weird sycophantic friends. So it’s like when you ever you want to know if a person’s got a swarm of people around them, that’s a magician in the magician is used that magicians power to enslave or to magnetize certain people around them. Which is why when you run into celebrity, big celebrities inevitably have entourages, any entourage. It’s so funny because the members of the entourage have personality characteristics identical to the sorcerer that they’ve been enslaved by because the sorcerers power is so intense that it actually is causing the identity of the people they brought into their gravity to transform into their own identity. It’s so cool to see Nosferatu. This is a really obscure, obscure thing. Not a Nosferatu, a Renfield. Renfield the Vampire Slave. I can remember being in a comedy store. There’s comedy club and there is comedian who’s kind of obscure but kind of famous in the world, he worked for Richard Briers. His name’s Paul Mooney and he is really funny but kind of one of these terrifying human who have no filter. So getting around a person like that if you’re leaking some b******* he’ll just tell you. Maybe something you’ve been trying to deny and he’ll just say it and it to your face forcing you to deal with it ultimately good, but in the moment painful. So there is a guy who is like basically is servant of the family that runs the comedy store, you know any powerful family what are people who are awake by holding them who were kind of draining their power, maybe getting some bad energy back but this famous f****** guy is famous for his role with this like kind of comedy dynasty that was in the parking lot. Paul Mooney just looked over and look at you, you’re a Renfield. You know that don’t you, you’re a vampire slave? Haha it was wild. He looks at the guys face like Oh no because it was true. That happens so waking up is a lot of responsibility goes into that because if you’re going to wake up and in use that get a bunch of sleepwalking people to start following you around then you’re f***** up. The people surrounding you should all be a SATs on the people who are trying to wake themselves up in each other. It shouldn’t be you and then a bunch of zombies that you’ve tricked into thinking you’re famous or whatever which is the arbitrary, absolutely ridiculous concept. Be careful. Be careful, if you’re going to f*****g do it so that we can all wake up and we can begin the ripples that are going to hopefully create a global civilization.
Sexual reproduction brings genes from two parents (matrigenes and patrigenes) together into one individual. These genes, despite being unrelated, should show nearly perfect cooperation because each gains equally through the production of offspring. However, an individual’s matrigenes and patrigenes can have different probabilities of being present in other relatives, so kin selection could act on them differently. Such intragenomic conflict could be implemented by partial or complete silencing (imprinting) of an allele by one of the parents. Evidence supporting this theory is seen in offspring–mother interactions, with patrigenes favoring acquisition of more of the mother's resources if some of the costs fall on half-siblings who do not share the patrigene. The kinship theory of intragenomic conflict is little tested in other contexts, but it predicts that matrigene–patrigene conflict may be rife in social insects. We tested the hypothesis that honey bee worker reproduction is promoted more by patrigenes than matrigenes by comparing across nine reciprocal crosses of two distinct genetic stocks. As predicted, hybrid workers show reproductive trait characteristics of their paternal stock, (indicating enhanced activity of the patrigenes on these traits), greater patrigenic than matrigenic expression, and significantly increased patrigenic-biased expression in reproductive workers. These results support both the general prediction that matrigene–patrigene conflict occurs in social insects and the specific prediction that honey bee worker reproduction is driven more by patrigenes. The success of these predictions suggests that intragenomic conflict may occur in many contexts where matrigenes and patrigenes have different relatednesses to affected kin.
"What I didn't know was up until the day [of the 'Unplugged performance], there was talk of Dave [Grohl] not playing at all in the show," Alex Coletti, who produced 'Unplugged,' remembers. "Kurt wasn't happy with the way rehearsals were going; he didn't like the way Dave sounded playing drums with sticks … He's a heavy hitter, and the thing about 'Unplugged,' especially with rock bands, is if the drummer doesn't really, really get it under control and tries to play a rock show on a smaller kit, then it brings the show to a bad-sounding electric show instead of a good-sounding acoustic show."
The squat is foundational to the Olympic lifts as a position, a movement and a strength exercise. Without a well-developed and consistent squat, neither pulling technique nor pulling power will produce entirely successful Olympic weightlifting. The great natural physical variation among athletes dictates that there will never be a universally perfect prescription for body positioning, but irrespective of this variation, the fundamental principles remain consistent. Continued reliance on them will ensure that modifications from the strict prescription are rational and sound instead of haphazard and likely improper.Because the squat, more so than any other element of the lifts, will be affected by temporary impediments such as limited flexibility, a greater deal of modification will be necessary and allowable during an athlete’s advancement. However, even in the cases of lifters for whom the strictest positioning prescription is initially impossible, this prescription will remain the ultimate goal, and continued efforts toward that end should be made.Be cautious of defying the underlying principles with the excuse of individual variation—often this is inappropriately cited when the actual cause of an athlete's inability to adhere to these prescriptions is entirely correctable over time, such as flexibility-related limitations or simply stubborn habits. It's necessary to critically evaluate each athlete individually to make accurate determinations—avoid allowing an athlete to continue poor habits due simply to laziness or frustration with slow progress and, more importantly, increase the risk of injury.The depth of an Olympic squat should not even be a topic of discussion, but because there has been and continues to be discussion among coaches and athletes in sports outside of weightlifting, it warrants at least clarification: proper depth is full depth; full depth means full depth. That is, full depth is not parallel, nor is it breaking parallel—it is squatting to the lowest position possible without surgical alteration of body parts while maintaining correct posture. To simplify, we want to close the knee joint maximally while maintaining a correctly arched back.Depth is measured by the position of the hips, and the depth of the hips is governed by the position of the knees, the degree of dorsiflexion of the ankles, the absolute and relative lengths of the upper and lower leg, the horizontal position of the hips relative to the feet, the width and degree of external rotation of the feet, and the mass of the upper and lower legs. These factors are largely interdependent, and a change in one will typically effect change in others.If the knees are prevented from moving forward over the feet, as is taught by many coaches and trainers, the hips must travel farther back behind the feet. With the hips behind the athlete’s base, the torso must be inclined forward to a greater degree in order for the athlete’s center of mass to remain balanced over the feet. If the hips are lowered from this position, flexibility will restrict the spine’s ability to remain correctly arched, forcing the athlete to curl forward, again to remain balanced. For what should be fairly obvious reasons, neither of these positions will allow the safe and effective support of a barbell in the positions it must be received in the snatch and clean. (Note that very short-legged athletes will be able to achieve a proper squat depth and position without the knees passing significantly forward of the toes.) Moving the knees in front of the toes is not a goal itself, but something that must be allowed to happen in order to achieve the depth and trunk orientation we need.Inadequate ankle flexibility can also result in the knees remaining too far back—if the ankles are unable to dorsiflex to a great enough degree, the lower leg cannot reach an angle sufficient to bring the knees into a position that allows the hips to reach their intended placement. This is the reason for the lifted heel of weightlifting shoes—elevation of the heel effectively increases the ankles’ range of motion.Femur length will affect the depth of each athlete’s squat simply by dictating how far away from the knees the hips will be. Athletes with great flexibility and long femurs will display extraordinarily deep squat positions, while their shorter-femured counterparts will appear higher even when at their maximal depth. For some athletes, femur length will exceed what can be compensated for through ankle flexibility in the basic squat position, and adjustments will need to be made to allow a better bottom position.For individuals with largely muscled legs and who are capable of very upright torso positions in the bottom of the squat, the hips may not be particularly low relative to the knees even when the knees are closed completely.As the base from which all movement and positioning originates, the placement of the feet will dramatically influence the squat. The width of the stance and degree of external rotation will affect the movement and position of the hips and back, and will often be the deciding factor in whether a squat is successful or failed, mechanically sound or injurious. Individual variation notwithstanding, the feet must be positioned in a manner that allows and encourages proper biomechanics of the legs, hips and back, while allowing the greatest possible range of motion and supporting the unique positional and movement characteristics of the Olympic lifts.Anthropometrics—in particular relative leg segment lengths—and hip anatomy will dictate appropriate width and rotation of the feet. Flexibility limitations and similar impediments may prevent an athlete from immediately achieving this ultimately proper positioning, but again, these are temporary obstacles that should be corrected.The starting foot placement will be slightly outside hip-width at the heels with the toes turned out comfortably—generally between approximately 20-35 degrees from center. With the athlete sitting at the bottom of the squat in this basic position, adjustments can be quickly made according to leg segment and trunk lengths, hip anatomy, and ankle and knee alignment to place him or her in the proper position.From here, there are two basic criteria with which we’re concerned: When viewed from directly above, the foot and thigh are approximately parallel with each other; when viewed from the front of the toe, the foot is approximately underneath the knee. The hips should sit in between the heels somewhat; in other words, the heel will not be directly under the thigh, but slightly outside of its centerline. This positioning will keep the knees and ankles aligned well, but will also allow for slightly improved depth, and, more importantly, a more absorptive bottom position—that is, the final position will be structurally sound without having an abrupt and jarring stop.With these relationships established—assuming the hips are at full possible depth—the remaining positional relationships will be unavoidably correct. This allows for a wide range of potential external rotation—athletes will in general naturally find what is most comfortable for them. That said, some athletes will need to be told explicitly to spread the knees farther than they wish; occasionally athletes will prefer a stance that prevents the hips from reaching adequate depth between the thighs due to the structures of the upper thighs being pushed into the forward edges of the pelvis. If the athlete is unable to achieve adequate depth and back extension, particularly if he or she is also feeling pressure near the front of the hips, a more externally rotated stance is more than likely needed.What this positioning achieves is simple but important— biomechanically sound alignment of the involved joints , optimizing performance and reducing the risk of injury.These relationships of the feet and leg segments should be maintained for the duration of the movement—in other words, the knees should follow the line described by the angle of the feet as the athlete descends and recovers. For many athletes, this will, at least initially, require they consciously make an effort to push the knees out to the sides as the tendency will be for the knees to collapse inward From this basic position, there will be a degree of adjustment possible without considerable violation of these relationships. That is, once in this starting position, the athlete will find he or she can move the feet in and out and turn the toes in and out slightly and continue to meet the criteria fairly well. This small range will allow some latitude for personal preference, and the lifter is encouraged to experiment within this range until the most comfortable position is found.The effect of hip width on foot placement should be self-explanatory—this is the origin of the legs and consequently the starting point for the stance. Relative leg segment length affects how far back the foot travels relative to the thigh as the knee flexes. The longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the farther toward the hip the foot will be when the knee is closed—this means that the longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the closer the feet will be in a sound squat position. In other words, the overall length of the legs is not enough to determine squat stance—how that length is created is what matters.The foot position should be identical for all squat variations—back squat, front squat, overhead squat—and all receiving positions except the split in the jerk—snatch, clean, power snatch, power clean, power jerk, squat jerk. Many athletes will assume different foot positions for each type of squat—this is an indicator that the athlete has not learned and developed a correct squat position, and is likely in need of improved flexibility.Read more about the Olympic squat in Olympic Weightlifting: A Complete Guide for Athletes & Coaches by Greg Everett
It comes down to a choice – do simple, traditional, and formulaic well with extreme consistency, or bend the rules a bit and bring something a little different than what you’d expect.
Both Arrow and The Flash were charged this season with helping establish and instigate another spinoff of this shared universe, DC’s Legends of Tomorrow. While The Flash mostly relegated Kendra Saunders’ appearances to cameo work while it set up its Zoom and Earth-2 stories, Arrow did the heavier lifting by having to bring back both Sara Lance and Ray Palmer. Sure, The Flash spent an episode on giving us Leonard Snart backstory, as well as setting up Jax Jackson as Ronnie Raymond’s replacement for Firestorm, but these were primarily single episodes that didn’t feel like they hung over or detracted from the main season story arc the series was setting up.
In its place, we get drivel like this past week’s “Beacon of Hope,” where the most exciting thing about the episode was if you played a drinking game about the number of times people said the episode’s title. The alcohol poisoning potential was high. There are almost always one or two things to enjoy in any episode of the show — in this case, Curtis was fun, if bordering a tad on shrill — but an hour that reduced Emily Bett Rickards, Charlotte Ross, and Willa Holland to B-movie theatrics (no pun intended), set Oliver’s progression back 15 paces (yet again), and tried to bring the funny with awful puns feels more like an M.O. than an anomaly right now.
Turkey’s Supreme Military Council (YAS) will meet under Erdogan’s supervision on July 28. Erdogan told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that he would restructure the armed forces and bring in “fresh blood”.
For a short time THE STRAWBERRY ALARM CLOCK were one of the main attractions in the L.A./Sunset Blvd area. A number of people started digging their music, hoping the psychedelic vibrations would continue a while longer. But it wasn't to be. The whole Sunset Blvd. club thing was outlawed, and everybody scattered to new places for their musical fix and everything else. But, finally, we have one of the original artifacts from that wonderful, exciting, weird era. Listening to this does bring back some good memories of growing up during that period when everything was seemingly new and vital. And that makes this release of the original album all the more important. Admittedly if you weren't there you'll hear it with slightly different ears, but this band/music/ Single was a part of the times.
Don’t get me wrong, I really do want to see your cool artifacts. However, I must tell you, that more than half of the people who come to see me actually just have plain old boring rocks. That’s not a judgment. I am sure the Geology Department will be interested in seeing your rocks. At least that is what I will tell your adorable 8-year-old son when you bring him to my office to identify the “artifact” he found that “fits so nicely in his hand.”
In Puerto Rico, the local population had already been inoculated from the Danish colony of Saint Thomas. In Venezuela, the expedition divided at La Guayra. José Salvany, the deputy surgeon, went toward today's Colombia and the Viceroyalty of Peru (Venezuela, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia). They took seven years and the toils of the voyage brought death to Salvany (Cochabamba, 1810). Balmis went to Caracas and later to Havana. The local poet Andrés Bello wrote an ode to Balmis. In New Spain, Balmis took 25 orphans to maintain the infection during the crossing of the Pacific. In the Philippines, they received help from the Catholic church, which was initially reluctant until Governor-General Rafael Aguilar made an example by vaccinating his five children.[5] Balmis sent most of the expedition back to New Spain while he went on to China, where he visited Macau and Canton. On his way back to Spain, Balmis convinced the British authorities of Saint Helena (1806) to be vaccinated.
According to The New York Post, these "black market Disney guides" allegedly can be hired through a (not Disney affiliated) service called Dream Tours. The company, which states on its homepage that its specializes in wheelchair accesible travel, charges $130 an hour — or $1,040 for an eight-hour day. According to the "black market Disney" customers, it's an awesome and great plan to hire a wheelchair-bound guide, because each guest with a wheelchair or motorized scooter is allowed to bring six other people with him/her to a "more convenient entrance."
NASA’s Cassini spacecraft has now successfully completed its 12th ring crossing at Saturn, and is now well past the halfway point of the Grand Finale phase of its mission. Each ring crossing, with now only 10 left, brings Cassini closer to its inevitable end in September, when the spacecraft will plunge into Saturn’s turbulent atmosphere to meet its fiery fate.
We applaud women who are able to make it through school while raising a child, but at the same time there are not a lot of resources available for moms in this situation. All colleges don’t exactly offer day care. One mom who clearly had no other options decided to bring her child to class. And her teacher responded in the most amazing way.
“Then know this,” Jiriki said stiffly. “Though the years that have passed since we were sundered from the Hikeda’ya – those you call the Norns – are as numerous as snowflakes, still we are one blood. How could we take the side of upstart men against our kin? Why should we, when once we walked together beneath the sun, coming out of the ultimate East? What allegiance could we possibly owe to mortals, who have destroyed us as eagerly as they destroy all else…even themselves?” None of the humans but Binabik could meet his cold gaze. Jiriki lifted a long finger before him. “And the one you whisperingly call the Storm King…he whose name was Ineluki…” He smiled bitterly as the companions stirred and shivered. “Ah, even his name is fearsome. He was the best of us once – beautiful to see, wise far beyond the understanding of mortals, bright-burning as a flame! – if he is now a thing of dark horror, cold and hateful, whose is the fault? If now, bodiless and vengeful, he schemes to brush mankind from the face of his land like dust from a page – why should we not rejoice? It was not Ineluki who drove us into exile, so that we must always hide among Aldheorte’s dark trees like deer, wary always of discovery. We strode Osten Ard in the sunlight before men came, and the works of our hands were beautiful beneath the stars. What have mortals ever brought to us but suffering?” (pg 686-687)
Both series also feature fully imagined deep worlds with long histories. But in The Dragonbone Chair the truth of past histories is not always as wonderful as the legends and stories are remembered to be, one of the issues I believe Williams was trying to bring forth about LOTR. The past in LOTR is usually remembered as being a wonderful time; an occasional war, but other than that lots of puppy dogs and sunshine; in MS&T, the veil of past legends is slowly pulled back to reveal something a bit more unseemly than written or remembered.
The rest, under Prince Josua, prepare for King Elias’ assault on the castle Naglimund. There is much politicking trying to sway Nabban and Hernystir (other kingdoms under Elias) to join one side or the other; but King Elias wins these kingdoms through treachery. The castle is eventually brought down by the forces of the Norns, the Red Hand and the Bukken, those whom Elias has made alliance with. Josua and some few others escape the castle into the forest.
Perhaps the leading American expert on suicide terrorism is Bob Baer, a former CIA agent who spent most of the ’80s and ’90s running around the Mideast. When I called Baer to ask his opinion of Paul’s parallel to a foreign invasion of the United States, he brought up the 1984 movie “Red Dawn.”
Last july I understood I should treat myself as a show business person. I brought myself to sponsors. You need to do that, or nobody will ever know you exist. Our first Polovnikov-Ilyin-Klokov Videos were written before we shot them. The jokes we told were scripted beforehand tried to make them as entertaining as we could.
Back in 2004, Jim Gilchrist, a retired Marine and the founder of the California Minutemen Project, emailed a few dozen friends and family suggesting that concerned civilians personally combat illegal immigration by traveling to the Arizona border with him. Gilchrist lives in Orange County, Calif., but the Arizona border was the most heavily trafficked and sparsely patrolled. That email reached thousands of people and touched a nerve. Hundreds showed up in April 2005 to patrol the border. Some of them brought floppy hats, lawn chairs, binoculars and American flags. Others toted guns and protest signs. The group banned neo-Nazis from attending, though some came anyway. A movement was born.
Imagine that some Occupy activists had then beaten up the cop. That would have seemed to justify him in the eyes of many; it would’ve undermined the moral standing of our side. And then what? Moral authority was also that young Marine veteran, Shamar Thomas, chewing out thirty or so New York cops in what became a Youtube clip viewed 2,652,037 times so far. He didn’t fight them; he told them that what they were doing is wrong and dishonorable. And brought the nation along with him. Which violence wouldn’t do.
As Peter Marshall writes in his history of anarchism, Demanding the Impossible, “Indeed the word violence comes from the Latin violareand etymologically means violation. Strictly speaking, to act violently means to treat others without respect…. A violent revolution is therefore unlikely to bring about any fundamental change in human relations. Given the anarchists’ respect for the sovereignty of the individual, in the long run it is non-violence and not violence which is implied by anarchist values.” Many of us anarchists are not ideological pacifists; I’m more than fine with the ways the Zapatistas rebels in southern Mexico have defended themselves and notice how sadly necessary it sometimes is, and I sure wouldn’t dictate what Syrians or Tibetans may or may not do. But petty violence in public in this country doesn’t achieve anything useful.
The language of Crimethinc is empty machismo peppered with insults. And just in this tiny snippet, incoherent. People who don’t like violence are not necessarily fearful or obedient; people power and nonviolence are strategies that are not the same as the ideology pacifism. To shut down the whole central city of Seattle and the World Trade Organization ministerial meeting on November 30, 1999, or the business district of San Francisco for three days in March of 2003, or the Port of Oakland on November 2, 2011—through people power—is one hell of a great way to stand up. It works. And it brings great joy and sense of power to those who do it. It’s how the world gets changed these days.
Crimethinc, whose logo is its name inside a bullet, doesn’t actually cite examples of violence achieving anything in our recent history. Can you name any? The anonymous writers don’t seem prepared to act, just tell others to (as do the two most high-profile advocates of violence on the left). And despite the smear quoted above that privileged people oppose them, theirs is the language of privilege. White kids can do crazy shit and get slapped on the wrist or maybe slapped around for it; I have for a quarter century walked through police lines like they were tall grass; people of color face far more dire consequences. When white youth try to bring the police down on a racially diverse movement—well, it’s not exactly what the word solidarity means to most of us.
Armies don’t do that if you shoot at them, generally (and if you really defeated the police in battle—all the police, nationwide?--you’d face the army). Since then dozens of regimes, from South Africa to Hungary, Czechoslovakia and Poland to Nepal to Bolivia, Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil and Tunisia have been profoundly changed through largely nonviolent means. There was self-defense in the Deacons for Defense mode in the Egyptian uprising this year, but people power was the grand strategy that brought out the millions and changed the country. Armed struggle was part of the ongoing resistance in South Africa, but in the end people power and international solidarity were the fulcrom of change. The Zapatistas used violence sparingly as a last resort, but “our word is our weapon,” they say, and they used other tools in preference, often and exquisitely.
What is blocking these reforms? Politics. Every preference and loophole in the tax code is defended by an army of lawyers and lobbyists paid for by the firms that benefit from it. Campaign contributions and super-PACs (corruption American style) reinforce the effect. The only firms and individuals left paying the full statutory tax rates are the politically powerless. Yet office seekers, with complete shamelessness, try to bring them on board, too, by flattering them as ‘job creators’ and promising them unspecified and unaffordable across-the-board rate cuts.
The marketing concept for snake oil was likely transferred to the US from trade, immigration, and exposure to 18th-century British culture. However, the actual source of its use as a folk remedy was likely introduced, similarly to its introduction in the UK, by Chinese laborers involved in building the First Transcontinental Railroad in the US, and were undoubtedly familiar with Traditional Chinese Medicine, using snake oil to treat joint pain such as arthritis and bursitis, while introducing it to fellow American workers.[2] When rubbed on the skin at the painful site, snake oil was claimed to bring relief. This claim was ridiculed by 19th-century rival medicine salespeople, who competed with snake oil entrepreneurs in peddling other medicines for pain, often offering more hazardous alternatives such as alcohol and/or opium.
"At first, they wanted to transport me to the same hospital as Bakelants, but it was full, so I was brought to Cantù but that was full too. I had to sleep in the corridor because the rooms were full," De Plus said. "I arrived at around 5pm after a long journey by ambulance, and I wasn't taken care of until 8.30pm. I was in a lot of pain. I spent three and a half hours on a stretcher. It was terrible, I was counting every minute."
Admiral Deyo had just received a cheery send-off from his immediate boss: “We hope you will bring back a nice fish for breakfast.” Deyo was in the act of scribbling his reply when he was interrupted by an incoming report. Mitscher’s planes had just found the Japanese fleet. Deyo tried to swallow his disappointment. He finished the message with, “…if the pelicans haven’t caught them all.” Deyo had been around the navy long enough to know that some things never changed; given the chance, the damned “airedales” would steal the glory.
The nineteenth and early twentieth centuries brought several developments that, while not explicitly philosophical, have shaped philosophical thought about suicide. The first was the emergence, in novels by Rousseau, Goethe, and Flaubert, of a Romantic idealized ‘script’ for suicide, according to which suicide was the inevitable response of a misunderstood and anguished soul jilted by love or shunned by society (Lieberman 2003). The second was the emergence of psychiatry as an autonomous discipline, populated by experts capable of diagnosing and treating melancholy, hysteria and other ailments responsible for suicide. Lastly, largely thanks to the work of sociologists such as Durkheim and Laplace, suicide was increasingly viewed as a social ill reflecting widespread alienation, anomie, and other attitudinal byproducts of modernity. In many European nations, the rise in suicide rates was thought to signal a cultural decline. These latter two developments made suicide prevention a bureaucratic and medical preoccupation, leading to a wave of institutionalization for suicidal persons. All three conspired to suggest that suicide is caused by impersonal social or psychological forces rather than by the agency of individuals.
It was three days after that when my sister went to the SPCA to adopt another dog, with the idea that it would help her to cope with the loss of Zoe. We found a scared, seven month old Rottweiler mix there, "Emerald". He'd been a stray transferred to our area's SPCA from the city nearby. We brought the family dog, Brutus, to meet him. Old Brutus approved. My sister and her (now) husband adopted "Emerald" there and then.
We learned one day as the family was sitting in the backyard and someone was blowing bubbles in the next yard over that Khloe HATED bubbles - he smashed right into the back of the garage jumping up to pop one. And balloons? My seventeenth birthday, an aunt brought me some … I don't think she'll ever do that again. We had to put them away because Khloe was so upset, barking and trying to get to them to pop them.
McNabb and Davis are two of several players-turned-commentators named in a new filing in a lawsuit brought by a former wardrobe stylist at NFL Network, a group that also includes current employees Marshall Faulk, Heath Evans and Ike Taylor. The suit also names Warren Sapp and Eric Weinberger, a top executive at Bill Simmons’ media group.
it's not that I have rendering problems with gnome3 (although I do have those too), it's that the user experience of Gnome3 even without rendering problems is unacceptable. Why can't I have shortcuts on my desktop? Why can't I have the expose functionality? Wobbly windows? Why does anybody sane think that it's a good idea to have that "go to the crazy 'activities'" menu mode? I used to be upset when gnome developers decided it was "too complicated" for the user to remap some mouse buttons. In gnome3, the developers have apparently decided that it's "too complicated" to actually do real work on your desktop, and have decided to make it really annoying to do. Here's an example of "the crazy": you want a new terminal window. So you go to "activities" and press the "terminal" thing that you've made part of your normal desktop thing (but why can't I just have it on the desktop, instead of in that insane "activities" mode?). What happens? Nothing. It brings your existing terminal to the forefront. That's just crazy crap. Now I need to use Shift-Control-N in an old terminal to bring up a new one. Yeah, that's a real user experience improvement. Sure. I'm sure there are other ways, but that's just an example of the kind of "head up the arse" behavior of gnome3. Seriously. I have been asking other developers about gnome3, they all think it's crazy. I'm using Xfce [a lightweight Unix/Linux desktop). I think it's a step down from gnome2, but it's a huge step up from gnome3. Really.
Design. There's software and hardware design, said Ballmer. User interface is critical and there are a number of people focused on it. On the hardware side, Nokia will bring expertise to the table. Windows does form the center of design and interaction principles. Microsoft also has a design guide that all applications follow, said Ballmer.
In an attempt to bring these sites down, King has been utilizing a hugely controversial approach. One by one, King has waded through a laundry list of sites, searching their indexes for files that appear to contain not only regular copyright-infringing material, but also animal and child pornography. He then reports his findings to PayPal and other payment processors.
Regardless, as The Hollywood Reporter points out, The Legend of Wonder Woman, written and drawn by Renae De Liz, will "fill the current gap in DC's back catalog for a standalone "origin" story for the character." De Liz is an artist/writer with a number of best selling projects under her belt, including a graphic novel adaptation of The Last Unicorn and the wildly successful crowd-funded comics anthology Womanthology. It's unknown whether the new origin will be considered canon with the movie universe, or simply serve as a go-to book for the theoretical new readers brought in by the films.
Historically, Wonder Woman's origin is as the only daughter of Queen Hippolyta of Themyscira, a hidden island ruled by the immortal, all-female Amazons of Greek mythology. As the story goes, Hippolyta desired a child so strongly that the goddesses of the Greek pantheon took pity on her, and brought the clay child she had crafted to life. The child, Diana, was raised by the Amazons and eventually left Themyscira to guide Man's World to a better way.
A great feature and I am going to bring you some actual 5K footage soon, once I’ve finished on the edit!
Beyond just donations, though, the key players in this industry have created careers peddling this type of hate - careers that bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars in salaries each year. They sell books, have provided training for law enforcement officials, and charge astronomical fees for speaking engagements.
Addendum-1789-A: SCP-1789 was initially retrieved on ██/██/2012, from the residence of ██████ █████ in ███ ████, ██. Local law enforcement had been investigating an abnormal increase in missing dog reports. After tracing the disappearances to █████, police presumably discovered SCP-1789 and brought █████ into their custody. The situation came to the Foundation’s attention during a regular radio scan of North American law enforcement. All involved police personnel were given Class A Amnestics. After interrogation, █████ was given a Class A Amnestic and subsequently entered Foundation employment as a D Class personnel.
Slowly, over time, other Android versions and capabilities were added — from full battery and 12:00 only came the ability to manually change the time and toggle different icons for the top right of the status bar — e.g. WiFi, network and GPS. Ensuring that the spacing, fonts, icons and assets had the correct colour and size for each platform took a fair amount of time to get right and test — Jelly Bean has blue icons, KitKat can have a coloured gradient background, Lollipop introduced new icons and the ability to have a solid coloured background and more recently, Marshmallow brought the light status bar.
As the Washington Post points out, DeVos and other members of her family (all Amway heirs) have donated over $800,000 to current Republican senators. Over the decades, the family’s donations have totaled over $20 million, which was brought up by Bernie Sanders during DeVos’ confirmation hearing. Alas, neither that nor her strange statement about bears attacking schools was enough to keep DeVos out of Trump’s cabinet.
Unlike traditional attacks, the dark DDoS attacker is unlikely to try and bring the target down altogether in a catastrophic flood of traffic. Taking it offline would work against the attack. Instead, the characteristics of dark DDoS attacks often differ from the big-splash volumetric attacks that we sometimes see hitting companies, warned Bogdan Botezatu, senior e-threat analyst at Bitdefender. They are often sub-1Gbit/sec attacks, he said, designed to generate a large number of events and effectively masking a breach.
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
Rep. Jackson does not have a good relationship with Mayor Daley. They disagree on a huge local issue — whether to build a new airport south of Chicago near Jackson’s district or expand O’Hare — and Jackson also toyed with the idea of running against Daley for mayor in 2007. At that time, Jackson brought up the touchy subject of fathers, saying that perhaps Mayor Daley was not proud of everything his father, the late Richard J. Daley, had done.
Europe has gone for chip cards since 2000. China has done it in 2002. By the end of 2004, almost all credit cards issued in Malaysia had been replaced with chip cards, and POS terminals have also been upgraded to accept chip cards. According to Bank Negara Malaysia (central bank), for the first half of the year 2005, statistics on credit card fraud showed that the number of cases and losses have declined by 43.2 percent and 33.5 percent respectively, compared with the same period in 2004. The US was compelled to start using this technology when credit card information stolen from Target, a large chain retailer, in 2013 brought the issue of the vulnerability of credit card information to the front. Thailand and India which were once havens for card frauds, have mostly introduced EMV-enabled debit cards by 2015.
He was a chubby dude the whole time the show was going on, but recently he’s lost a bunch of weight. Celebrities losing a lot of weight isn’t really a big story. Being famous means there’s a lot of pressure to look a certain way. If that’s what he wanted, if it makes him feel better, good for him. I’m all for body autonomy and what another person chooses to do with their body isn’t any of my business. However, it was brought to my attention that he posted this photo:
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
Settle in with a bottle of Pecorino, the third and least common Abruzzese wine grape (not to be confused with the cheese), brought back from near extinction. Its tart acidity pairs well with Bruno's seafood-focused fare. Try the mixed seafood chitarra, a spaghetti-like Abruzzese pasta that gets its name from the stringed instrument used to shape its strands.
CompTIA unveiled a vendor-neutral certification, CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst (CSA+), the first of its kind to bring behavioral analytics to the forefront of assessing cyber threats.
Francis has had showers for homeless people erected near St. Peter's Square, but has at the same time also spent millions on international consultants. He brought the Vatican Bank's finances into order, but created confusion in the Curia. He has negotiated between Cuba and the United States, but also scared the Israelis by calling Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas an "angel of peace."
In the "Evangelii gaudium," Francis wrote he did not "believe that the papal magisterium should be expected to offer a definitive or complete word on every question which affects the Church and the world." On the other hand, he warned priests not to talk 10 times about sexual abstinence and only two or three times about love. And again and again he has brought up the dignity of man and the right to work. A system that excludes many from wages and bread, he has written, is unacceptable: "Such an economy kills."
Not so in the Vatican, where Francis first complained about "spiritual petrification" and "existential schizophrenia" in the Curia -- then made a smiling round and received loyal addresses of discipline. And this from all those who voted for him in the 2013 Conclave so that he may bring order to things with a strong hand.
The experts from renowned consulting companies -- like KPMG, Deloitte & Touch or Ernst & Young -- who Francis brought in make similar amounts of money in just a few hours. They audit the books of the Institute for the Works of Religion (IOR), the Vatican Bank, or the economic plans of the Holy See -- with success. The Vatican's finances and properties, which are estimated to be worth several billion euros, are no longer in the permanent sights of the public prosecutors.
He has already created considerable momentum. He has involved himself to a high degree in foreign policy, positioning himself much more clearly than his predecessor. Meanwhile, his fight to bring transparency to the Vatican's coffers has also been successful. Most criticism of him so far has come from within the global Catholic Church. Indeed, the enthusiasm of millions is countered by growing antagonism within the Catholic establishment. The recurring complaint is that Francis blabbers a lot but is doing too little to clarify the direction in which he wants to steer the church.
You're on your own for a full change log, we dunno how the battery life is and we're not entirely too sure if all your apps will work as expected or if it'll turn your device into a Decepticon and destroy your whole city. If you're not down with that then let some other folks run through it first. Eventually a thread will be created in the forums with the all the different changes this OS brings so if you're not willing to risk loading the OS, just hang tight and see how others like it. It should be noted, this is an older build than some of what has been shown off recently.
Let's attempt to make the case, however fruitless, that OSU's linebacker corps will thrive even without Ryan Shazier. I'll buy it, in fact, and here's why: Shazier was otherworldly, true, but perhaps the motivation to fill his All-American shoes brings the most out of the five or six linebackers set to top the rotation. Maybe motivation will send senior Curtis Grant off on a high note after three years of frustration; if he's ready, Grant's the guy in the middle – and if not, OSU won't hesitate to hand the job to five-star freshman Raekwon McMillan. There's a little competition underway on the strong side between sophomore Darron Lee and redshirt freshman Chris Worley, which I think will very beneficial for overall depth. And then there's the leader of the group, junior Joshua Perry (64 tackles), and I have a suspicion he's due for an all-conference season on the weak side. Also, keep in mind Ash's simplified scheme when considering OSU's potential on the second level.
Santiago Cáseres 25/02/1997 Villarreal Defensive midfield Cáseres was quietly one of the breakthrough players in last season’s Primera and was astutely snapped up by Villarreal in the summer for a fee in the region of €8.5 million. A promising start to life in Spain was brought to a halt with an injury against Girona but the 21-year-old defensive midfielder has bounced back strongly to pick up where he left off. A number 5 in the classic Argentinian mould, Cáseres is strong in the tackle and boasts great defensive positioning but also uses the ball extremely well at the base of midfield. In a struggling Vélez side he averaged 87.6% pass completion and has improved further on that since his move with 91% in La Liga and 95% in the Europa League. Had it not been for his untimely injury he surely would have been in the running for a national team call up and is certainly seen as someone who should be challenging for a place anchoring the Selección midfield in the near future. #argentina #football #futbol #soccer #footballplayer #footballteam #instagood #instapic #golazopic #golazo50 #footballfans
At an investor conference in New York last week, Steve Ells, founder and co-chief executive of Chipotle, described the chain's new practice of dicing, sanitizing and hermetically sealing tomatoes, cilantro and lettuce in a central kitchen where they are tested for microbes and then shipped to restaurants. Mr. Ells said the extra steps don't change the quality of the ingredients and that whole avocados and jalapeños will continue to be brought into the restaurants. The new techniques minimize the number of people and surfaces coming into contact with the ingredients.
"You could bring fresh cilantro right out of the field into the restaurant and wash it there. I don't think that would be any better than washing the cilantro in the commissary," Mr. Ells told investors. "And if dried properly and then sealed in the bags, it's a delicious product."
According to the document, a federal program designed to prevent teen pregnancy “needs to be defunded as it has not worked, there is no positive evidence and some negative evidence.” Teen pregnancy in the U.S. just reached its lowest point since records were initially kept. So have abortion rates. That means that teens are either having much less sex than they were before or are not getting pregnant in the first place. Experts believe that the drop in teen fertility and abortion rates is due to greater availability of long term birth control and comprehensive sex education. What the government has done to bring us to this point is absolutely effective.
The ‘Flashpoint’ story arc in the comics was a massive universe altering event. The Flash went back in time to save his mother, causing a new timeline where everything had changed. The end of The Flash‘s second season saw the CW’s version of the character do the same thing, using the same ‘Flashpoint’ plot device from the comics. The timeline changing event has the potential to crossover to the other shows in the universe, possibly altering events in Arrow, Supergirl, and Legends of Tomorrow. It may change characters stories, erase events entirely, and bring characters back who have already died. With that in mind, could ‘Flashpoint’ possibly bring back Tommy Merlyn to Arrow?
Of course nothing has been confirmed, except that it is within possibility. ‘Flashpoint’ does however provide a reasonable opportunity to bring the character back. Tommy was killed with little to no closure, so bringing him back would make sense. Do you think Tommy will make a return to Arrow? Let us know in the comments.
"Dusty" rests among the many items, on Friday June 17, 2011, that he has brought home over the years to his house in San Mateo, Ca. "Dusty" the cat has a habit of stealing and his owners have more than 600 items the cat has acquired over the past three years including, towels, shoes, bras, hats and many more items. less "Dusty" rests among the many items, on Friday June 17, 2011, that he has brought home over the years to his house in San Mateo, Ca. "Dusty" the cat has a habit of stealing and his owners have more than 600 ... more Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Cat steals from everyone in San Mateo neighborhood 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
"It's work. Every time I go out to get the paper in the morning, I have to pick up after him," said Coleman, an artist. "Sometimes he brings things that are sort of expensive. I get a little worried about that."
Dusty's predilection for theft is rare but not unheard of, animal experts said. Some cats will bring home half-dead mice, acting on their instinct to teach kittens to hunt. Dusty's habit is likely related to that somehow, minus the kittens and mice.
Justice DiMango’s straightforward discussions with defendants, detailing their options and what a jury might do, have brought many to face reality, said Robert Dreher, executive assistant district attorney for the Bronx. “Everyone is saying the D.A. is giving these cases away,” he said. “But what makes this work is her conversations with the defendants.”
Four years ago, I argued that rogue electors threaten the integrity of presidential elections . Donald Trump's tumultuous week brought this concern back into the spotlight as a Georgia Republican presidential elector (Baoky Vu) vowed he would not support Trump if he were to carry his state . Within 24 hours, he resigned his position, but concerns over elector faithfulness remain.
Miller: That’s where we begin. With institutional investors, they’ll rarely write a check of less than $10 million of equity, and that’s not because the deal doesn’t make sense if it’s smaller. It’s because they have a multibillion dollar fund. They can put it out in so many increments. If they have a lot of $1 million investments, they won’t be able to manage it. And so it creates this artificial barrier where the small enterprise, the mid-sized real estate operator, who’s established, who has a real track record, if they bring a deal that’s $15 million to $20 million of value, it’s very hard for them to get that financed. We plug [in] what technology tends to be efficient in the mid-market space for real estate operators, and provide them capital to deals that are often ignored by institutional investors.
Miller: It’s going to change. What you’ve seen in other businesses, when you look at digital media, blogs, Twitter, Facebook — they started out relatively small and then became large and institutional. I think the most efficient place to start is the ignored portion of the market that institutions have difficulty serving because of their scale. But I think it really will shift. It’s about creating efficiency for private commercial real estate transactions.… It’s a huge market. But you have a deal, you make some phone calls, you try to raise some funding. There’s not an efficient way to put the deal together…. [Our] platform standardizes it. I think it’s going to bring efficiency to all parts of the market. It’s just going to take time to go to different sectors.
Miller: Generally, somebody who syndicates equity will charge 3% to 5%, minimum, potentially higher for them to corral and raise the capital. Private equity funds will charge 2% to 20%. So you have, on the investor side at least, a 5% to 10% fee that the investor indirectly or directly pays. Private REITS [real estate investment trusts] are another market that’s similar for private real estate transactions. That’s a 15% up-front fee when you enter the investment. So you’re talking about pretty huge fees that we think technology is going to [help bring down].
We’re finding that putting the deals together is a very offline process. We’re finding underwriting due diligence. There’s certain information that needs to be collected, has to be ordered from these third-party groups, appraisals, environment surveys, and somebody has to centrally underwrite it. Two functions that we’re looking at there to use the people more efficiently is kind of crowdsourcing that aspect, where if a broker or somebody brings us a deal, they can upload it and share fees with us, or maybe start to have experts in certain markets who underwrite the deal until the crowd becomes a credible third party group. But right now, it’s us handling all those aspects. So I would say the sourcing, underwriting and closing is very old school. It’s the distributing, the investment, the marketing of it online — the investor reporting — that’s where we’ve had a fundamental shift.
It brings a major cards’ payment system to the OpenLedger and BitShares networks, thereby allowing token holders to use the world's only Stablecoins (SmartCoins) - including bitUSD, bitEUR, bitGBP, and Rubles - plus other OpenLedger tokens such as OBITS, bitcoin (BTC), and ethereum (ETH), to enable users to purchase items anywhere that accepts debit cards.
The executive order establishing the GEC gives Lumpkin hiring authority to bring in people from outside of the government, quickly.
“I’m raiding, or poaching, industry for talent,” he says, by which he means social media companies in Silicon Valley. “We have a talented force already within the GEC, but we’re augmenting it with folks from the private sector who have got significant experience, whether it be with analytics that underpins what we’re doing, whether it’s with the reach, influencing vulnerable populations so that they don’t’ go down this path of radicalization and don’t become violent. So we’re able to leverage people that have significant marketing expertise or who have expertise in building partnership, we’re able to bring them in directly, which is a powerful, powerful tool.”
Thanks to Lt. Commander Swift and the Supreme Court, Hamdan, who had been Osama bin Laden's chauffeur, received a fair trial. The government charged him with terrorist conspiracy and with providing material support to terrorists, essentially attempting to hold Hamdan responsible for the actions of his employer. Because of the absence of evidence that Hamdan did much of anything other than drive the boss around, the prosecution tried to fill in the gaps by calling an expert witness, Evan Kohlmann. For the munificent sum of $25,000, Kohlmann lectured the military jury on the horrors of the Al Qaeda terror network. Both civilian and military prosecutors frequently call on Kohlmann, whose credentials are scant, to frighten jurors with his vivid narratives. (Disclosure: Kohlmann brought his dog-and-pony show to a trial in federal district court in which I served on the defense team.)
David Burt at Edinburgh University’s Roslin Institute said the results, the first to be released by the consortium, were only the beginning. “We hope that giving people the tools to explore this wealth of bird gene information in one place will stimulate further research,” he said. “Ultimately, we hope the research will bring important insights to help improve the health and welfare of wild and farmed birds.”
Green Party deputy leader Claire Bailey pledged that if she is elected in May, she will bring forward a proposal for the legislation.
But it was the extreme rainfall over Wales, Northern Ireland, North-west England and Scotland that really brought things home. Warm, humid air carried by strong south-westerly winds influenced by the Atlantic jet stream dumped huge volumes of rain over the hills of northern Britain.
The government has introduced a range of price controls recently aimed at bring the cost of ordinary goods, particularly food, under control.
As well as giving him a chance to sing, Emigrate is also an opportunity for Kruspe to work with new people, and in new ways. “I felt something was missing in my world, and Emigrate got created out of that longing or frustration,” he says. “I always felt that Emigrate should be an open door, for people to come in and go out as they like to collaborate, which is totally the opposite of the Rammstein world which is really controlled and closed in a way.” For the new album there is no better example of this collaborative approach than the decision to bring in a host of guest singers. Marilyn Manson, Frank Delle, Jonathan Davis, Peaches and Lemmy all contribute. “In the beginning I was a little bit nervous about it, as a producer I had to step away from the project and make a record that has these people, but still sounds like an Emigrate record. That was not an easy task, but somehow we managed it. For me it was important to really bring the artists into the Emigrate world.”
Along with the cast of guests, the new album also continues the long time working partnership with Arnaud Giroux, a collaboration that Kruspe is very happy to see continue. “He’s the one that keeps me going,” he says. “Arnaud’s the one that actually never gave up on me. There were so many times when I was frustrated, and I wanted to bring in a different singer and he was ‘nope, you’re the one, you have to sing it’. My mentor when it came down to making me as a singer. And he’s French, so he has a very interesting way sometimes with melodies!”
The post, which has been shared across the tech world on Twitter and been viewed more than 85,000 people, goes into detail about Jane's struggles making ends meet. Here are some excerpts: So here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn't involve crying in the bathtub every week. Every single one of my coworkers is struggling. They're taking side jobs, they're living at home. One of them started a GoFundMe because she couldn't pay her rent. She ended up leaving the company and moving east, somewhere the minimum wage could double as a living wage. Another wrote on those neat whiteboards we've got on every floor begging for help because he was bound to be homeless in two weeks. Fortunately, someone helped him out. At least, I think they did. I actually haven't seen him in the past few months. Do you think he's okay? Another guy who got hired, and ultimately let go, was undoubtedly homeless. He brought a big bag with him and stocked up on all those snacks you make sure are on every floor... By and large, our floor pummels through those snacks the fastest and has to roam other floors to find something to eat. Is it because we're gluttons? Maybe. If you starve a pack of wolves and toss them a single steak, will they rip each other to shreds fighting over it? Definitely.
Which brings me to my two big awesome tips for reading the Bible:
In late August 2016, a group of experts recommended the declaration of a new geological epoch to the International Geological Congress.1 This new epoch, the anthropocene, presents a gestalt shift in the way that human being live and interact with the world. Whereas humanity was before a being in the world of the holocene, the anthropocene presents what Timothy Morton describes as “disturbing moment at which human history intersects decisively with geological time.”2 Despite its widespread use in the humanities and earth sciences since the 1980s, the potential declaration of a new geological epoch by a major geological organization has the potential to shift the way that humans exist in the world. Philosopher Rosi Braidotti has suggested that the anthropocene brings about a “time of deep epistemological, epistemological, ethical and political crises of values in human societies.”3
Thus far, we’ve looked at Braidotti’s posthuman in an attempt to expand upon the decentring of the human subjectivity. Now we’ll interrogate how a inter-relational community being might become. Braidotti adopts a Spinozist monism – a unity or univocity of being. Using the Deleuzian method of becoming27, Bradotti argues for a Zoe-centric egalitarianism through which interdependence with multiple other can take place. Zoe is the structure of life that brings vitality, and it is a zoe-centric egalitarianism which the posthuman strives for. Braidotti’s monism “implies the open-ended, interrelational, multi-sexed and trans-species flows of becoming through interaction with multiple others. A posthuman subject thus constituted exceeds the boundaries of both anthropocentrism and of compensatory humanism, to acquire a planetary dimension.”28 Within the taxonomy of being a radical decentreing of humanity takes place. Animals, machines, humans and earth are no longer considered strict categories of being. They are constantly and consistently beings together bound within a monistic framework of relationality. Through this relationality in which these animals, humans, machines and earth no longer function as seperate concepts, but participants wrapped up together through interdependence, a community based praxis is able to emerge. This is a community bounded by an “interdependence with multiple others”29 which includes animals, humans, earth, technology.
Eddie Perez says they asked him to remove his pit bull from the backyard so they could search it. He says he told the deputies he needed a leash for the 2-year-old dog, Ziggy, but says he was ordered to bring the dog out anyway.
In addition, the Computing Community Consortium will sponsor a program for the BD Hubs to bring together academic and industry researchers, including those early in their careers, to facilitate long-term partnerships to promote the goals of each BD Hub.
SOCHI, RUSSIA—Halfway through the Olympics, I brought four shirts in to be cleaned. They handed me a handwritten form more complex than a mortgage application.
The Arizona senator’s 14th visit to the show brought a loud and spontaneous ovation from Jay Leno’s special Veteran’s Day audience of U.S. service men and women.
“I wish this joyous atmosphere of Christmas will continue in the year and not just for a few days and I hope the coming year will bring a little more serenity and peaceful relations in our country. We need it,” Pizzaballa said.
Of course, that intensity was just a tiny sample of what was to come; next, they played “From Here to Utopia”. This may be one of my favorite songs of all time, and I don’t know whether it was the faster tempo brought by the drum set, the mandolin-esque twang that the guitars seemed to pick up when they played the keyboard section, or the constant chirping of the brass section, but they managed to make it pulse with an energy that felt living and tangible. The trumpeters managed to breathe creative little flourishes into small moments of the song, bringing about the sensibilities of a Dixieland marching band. Meanwhile, every time the song reached a point where Pat screamed his lyrics, I swear the volume of his mic and the crowd were at equal levels. I found myself so caught up in the moment, I thought it would be a good idea to try and photograph the band while in the process of jumping off the stage and crowd surfing (hence the sweat covered photo at the top of the page).
McMurtry said that the money laundering charge is the most useful charges to bring in a civil forfeiture action. He explains using another scenario:
Much of this is the inevitable result of a long-term trend that occurs when a large portion of our society loses trust in science. For American scientists who care deeply about the future of our great nation, it is time to take a stand and bring science back to the forefront of public debate and defend what is true.
Saraiya went on to bring up the newest focus on Kelly, her Alex Jones interview.
Even if the attacker isn’t thwarted this time, to some this only furthers idea that hard forks are an option for combating them, and that each hurdle that ethereum jumps brings it closer to a working platform.
The Rees attacked in the morning, wounding Glass and killing 15 of his companions. Which brings us to the film's first scene, with Leo dodging arrows and barely making it to the boat that took the trappers downriver to safety.
“The art world is fickle at times,” said Lee Anne Chesterfield, Interim Deputy Director for Art and Education at the VMFA. Defying this stereotype, Chesterfield aimed to bring in work, not necessarily accepted by the art world as ‘fine art.’ In “Japanese Tattoo,” she hopes to foster conversations on the topic of fine arts and how to bring the life-long body modifications into the fine arts fold.
The extensive mission of the VMFA is intrinsically difficult purely because of its nature as a museum — appealing to spanning age demographics is never easy. “We always want to be accessible, we always want to bring in and welcome new groups,” said Chesterfield. “Anytime we can bring in someone that hasn’t been here before, that’s been here ages ago and doesn’t remember and doesn’t really realize what we are now, I feel like that’s a win-win for everyone.”
But think what a No vote in the postal vote would herald: Liberal agitators, already dismayed by their leader, would seek to bring on a private member's bill to legalise same-sex marriage.
And with the nation reeling that a popular cause had been brought unstuck by a process of connivance there'd be a rush to steal the line Mr Turnbull once used against Mr Howard after the republic debate:
What happened next was a mixture of changing market conditions, a stunning revitalisation in Sony's fortunes and poor decision-making on Microsoft's part. The Xbox 720 document points towards a $299 price point - the sweet spot that had served the PlayStation and its successor so well - but the ambition of Microsoft's design along with the need to break even on hardware brought about a $499/£429 sticker price that killed off any idea of Xbox One going mainstream at launch, especially with Sony coming in much cheaper with PS4. Meanwhile, Kinect for gaming simply ran out of ideas on Xbox 360 - it was a one-year flash in the pan, third parties deserted it and, remarkably, even Microsoft itself failed to back the second-gen Kinect with must-have exclusive games for the Xbox One launch.
10. The last tip – A Newshour debate usually lasts for 45 minutes to an hour, where about a dozen people speak ALONG with Arnab. You may hear only Arnab’s voice, but that’s just because he’s much louder than most of them. (Ashwin Kumar Newshour Theorem [Trademarked]: At any given point in The Newshour, there are a minimum of three people speaking, the loudest of them being Arnab) Newshour cockfights could get addictive and over time you may come to enjoy them immensely, but do NOT look like you’re having a ball out there. Remember, you’re out there to answer…er, no…you’re out there to LOOK LIKE you’re out there to answer questions. So don’t just stare into the camera like Dr Manmohan Singh. KEEP RAISING YOUR HAND every now and then. I know you definitely do not want to jump into the crocodile pool, but you should look like you want to! Just DON’T MAKE THE FATAL MISTAKE of saying, “Arnab, can I come in?” or “Arnab, can I make a point?” If you do that, he might bring you in and you’ll have to say something again. Just raise your hand and look agitated.
We’re working to bring this level of simplicity to our entire service.
Locke’s contribution is, therefore, three-fold. He brings to centre stage the question of whether properties require some substratum or bare particular to inhere in or belong to. He asserts that the substantial nature of the physical world is the unknown structure of atomic parts, not a substantial form which reflects our usual concepts. Third, he develops a theory of substance which is realist about particular objects and their properties, but conceptualist or conventionalist about our classifications, within the constraints that the facts about particulars and properties impose.
Kant developed the other variant. He took Hume’s ‘tendencies of the mind to pass’ from one idea to another, without which we could not construct the world, and canonized them as a priori categories of the understanding. Hume’s empiricist emphasis is psychological. It concerns what we are habituated to do. Because of his empiricism, he will not bring non-psychological necessity into it. Nevertheless, there is the implication that making these transitions is the only way in which one can understand the world. Kant drops the empirical psychology and makes it a matter of a priori psychology, that only by employing certain categories could we have experience as of a physical world. It is only by understanding the world as possessing enduring spatio-temporal objects, which enter into causal relations with each other (that is, it is only by applying the categories of substance and causation) that we can have intelligible experience. Substances—that is, a framework of stable, enduring objects—are essential, but the source of this necessity lies not how the world is in itself, but in the framework which we are obliged to impose.
Various problems can be raised for this account. The most obvious is that it does not, as stated, distinguish between substances and events. Some property-instances belong to events rather than substances. The performance of a symphony, for example, is an event, and it may possess the property, in one of its movements, of being allegro. It seems plausible that this particular case of something’s being allegro could not have been exemplified by another performance, but the performance might go on to be andante in another movement, so the event can continue to exist without that original property. The assimilation of events with substances in this way seems strained, however. It does not seem natural to say that the same event was first allegro, then andante, because it is more natural to attribute the different properties to different parts of the event, which are themselves events (in this case, movements). This brings out a major difference between substances and events, namely that the temporal parts of events are themselves events in their own right, but the temporal parts of objects—meaning by that expression the temporal phases of an object’s existence—are not themselves objects. Indeed, it is not natural to talk of the temporal parts of objects, though some philosophers (led by David Lewis (1986), but see also Sider (2001), Hawley (2001) and the entry on temporal parts) think that there are compelling philosophical reasons for doing so. The rationale implicit in our ordinary concept is that an object is wholly present at all the temporal points of its existence. I say ‘implicit rationale’, because it seems no more natural to speak of an object as being ‘wholly present at all temporal points of its existence’ than it is to say that it has objects as its temporal parts. Nevertheless, one does not think of a long-lived object as consisting of a series of short-lived objects stacked end to end, but one does think it natural to think of a drawn-out event as consisting of a series of shorter events. If it is not natural to think of objects as having objects as their temporal parts, this seems to commit one to thinking of objects as wholly present at all times of their existence, strange though this form of expression may also be.
“It can sometimes present a challenge for property owners to bring in a similar tenant,” he said. “If it was a supermarket, you might see it divided into two spaces, and the city is open to that. It really becomes what the individual property owner or ownership group wants to do with the space. A lot of times the vacant buildings were primary or secondary anchors for a center.”
Shiva Rules: Will the elderly bring down India?
Employers are inclined to think less of an employee who swears at work for a variety of reasons. Most (81 percent) believe that the use of curse words brings the employee's professionalism into question. Others are concerned with the lack of control (71 percent) and lack of maturity (68 percent) demonstrated by swearing at work, while 54 percent said swearing at work makes an employee appear less intelligent.
Mr McRae said they had put a lot of thought into the set, naming each character after a celebrity who has had skin cancer. Aiden and Damien need 10,000 votes to bring their Lego idea to stores all around the globe.
One America believes in equality of rights; the other demands equality of results brought about through the redistribution of income and wealth, affirmative action, racial and gender set-asides, and quotas.
Now that Christmas and Easter have been expunged from public schools and the public square and the popular culture has been thoroughly de-Christianized, we Americans seem to have but one holy day of obligation that brings us all together: Super Bowl Sunday.
"It has been a difficult few months for the fans in how we have been delivering content in our recent Data Packs, with some items missing that our consumers expected," said Konami's Football & Alliances Director Erik Bladinieres. "The PES Production team appreciate their fans' support and want to reward their support and bring back confidence in the Data Pack releases. With this announcement, we hope we can regain their trust."
As each individual member of the Justice League has changed over the years and the roster has grown and shrunk, so has the scale of the threats that they were facing. Starro was a pretty formidable bad guy in the beginning. He was at the very least a big enough threat to bring the very first team together (Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Aquaman and Martian Manhunter). The team did graduate to bigger and badder threats, and I think the existence of DC villains like Darkseid, Doomsday and the Dominators are reason enough why a cave by the sea was insufficient. From where I’m standing, the Hall of Justice presents a very similar set of problems. There’s a nice idea with The Hall of Justice in that it provides a very public face and interface for the public that relies on the world-saving powers of the Justice League regularly. A museum as well as a team HQ, this structure does something interesting by bringing these god-and-goddess-level heroes down to a human level. But aside from the Hall of Justice being a smart branding move, it provides little advantage over Happy Harbor. Both locations ultimately suffer from creating tunnel vision for the team’s worldview. Tragedies that happen to take place within the vicinity of the Hall of Justice are probably taken care of with increased speed and gusto. If something terrible is taking place in a more outlying area there’s a chance it will not be attended to as readily. Now, if the team we’re talking about is the Justice League of America and their domain is going to be mainly the continental United States, then either of the headquarters previously mentioned will do the job just fine. But when the Justice League has to worry about the fate of the entire world (sometimes throughout time), then there’s a need for a larger presence. In the past, the Justice League has had embassies sprinkled all over the world and that’s definitely a step in the right direction, although in order to keep them all staffed, active members of the League often have to split apart by significant geographic distances.
These predictions do not project when and where individual storms may occur. An individual cold front or an upper ridge of high pressure can lead to a brief period of colder or warmer weather, respectively, that bucks the overall three-month trend. The same front or area of high pressure can bring a brief period of enhanced precipitation or dry spell that may or may not be indicative of the overall trend that is forecast.
Interestingly, one factor in this pattern reversal may have been brought about by an Icelandic storm that tugged above-freezing air to the North Pole between Christmas and New Year's Eve.
The aforementioned subtropical jet stream usually brings an increase in Pacific storms to California in January and February.
You would think that by the time a person becomes the Director of the CIA, he would have a correct understanding of the Constitution, which is the founding document of the federal government, which the CIA is part of. This should be especially true when the CIA Director is a former member of Congress, a graduate of West Point, and the holder of a law degree from Harvard.Embarrassingly, such is not the case with CIA Director and former U.S. Congressman Mike Pompeo. In a speech delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Pompeo demonstrated a woeful lack of understanding of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment.Referring to his belief that WikiLeaks official Julian Assange, who is a citizen of Australia, should be indicted and prosecuted by the U.S. government for revealing secrets of the U.S. national-security establishment, Pompeo stated:That is quite an amazing statement. It’s also a misleading and fallacious one.What Pompeo obviously doesn’t get is that no one, including American citizens, has First Amendment freedoms. There’s a simple reason for that: Freedoms don’t come from the First Amendment. Or to put it another way, the First Amendment doesn’t give anyone, including Americans, any freedoms at all.People’s freedoms also don’t come from the Constitution. They don’t come from the federal government. They don’t come from the troops, the CIA, or the NSA either.Freedom comes from nature and from God. Even if the Constitution had never been approved by the American people — that is, even if the federal government had never been called into existence — people would still have their fundamental, natural,God-given rights. That’s because freedom and other natural, God-given rights preexist government and, therefore, exist independently of government.Thomas Jefferson makes this point clear in the Declaration of Independence when he points out that people are endowed with unalienable rights by nature and God, not by government or by some document that calls government into existence.There is something else that is important to note here: As Jefferson points out, everyone, not just American citizens, is endowed with these natural, God-given rights, including life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. That includes people who are citizens of other countries. Citizenship has nothing to do rights that are vested in everyone by nature and God.At the risk of belaboring the obvious, that includes Julian Assange. His freedom does not come from the Constitution or the First Amendment or by the Australian government. His freedom comes from the same source that your freedom and my freedom come from — from nature and from God.So, what is the purpose of government? Jefferson makes it clear: Government’s job is to protect the exercise of natural or God-given rights, including liberty.What about the First Amendment? If its purpose is not to give people rights, including freedom, what is its purpose?The purpose of the First Amendment, in part, is to protect the preexisting, natural, God-given freedom of people to publish whatever they want, including the dark, illegal, illicit, immoral, and evil secrets of the federal government, including such dark-side, totalitarian-like nefarious activities as assassination, murder, disappearances, coups, torture, abuse, partnerships with dictators, rendition, kidnapping, illegal surveillance, rendition, destruction of incriminatory evidence, illegal invasions and wars of aggression, and secret prison facilities.That’s what Pompeo and others of his ilk just don’t get: The purpose of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights is to protect people from federal officials like him — officials who are hell-bent on destroying our lives, freedom, and prosperity, and well-being, all in the name of “keeping us safe” or protecting “national security.”Our ancestors were wise people. They knew that the federal government would inevitably attract people like Pompeo. That’s why the Constitution brought into existence a government of extremely limited powers rather than a general power that would enable federal officials like Pompeo to just do the “right” thing.That’s also why the Constitution didn’t empower the federal government to have a CIA, NSA, and standing army. Our ancestors knew that a national-security establishment would inevitably end up destroying people’s freedom in the name of “keeping them safe” and that it would inevitably try to punish people for publicizing and opposing its destruction of liberty.That’s why our ancestors demanded the enactment of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights as a condition for approving the Constitution. They wanted to protect people’s fundamental rights and liberties from federal officials like Pompeo, who they knew would be the biggest threats to people’s fundamental, natural, God-given rights and freedoms.Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation
Fujifilm seem hell bent on killing off their film products entirely. Well, if that’s their plan, they’re certainly doing a good job. Many film photographers have already made the switch to Kodak & Ilford films due to the doubt over Fuji’s future. Kodak’s decision to bring back Ektachrome has also aided a few choices.
You’re now sitting on about 3,500 Shiftstones just from early rewards (and drafting). On top of that, you can relatively safely destroy some of the cards you received from the campaign. Notably, Kaleb, Uncrowned Prince and Rolant, the Iron Fist are two legendaries that essentially never see constructed play, so I wouldn’t feel bad about getting rid of them for stones if you so choose. That would bring you to almost exactly 5,000 stones.
This is a list I’m confident about taking to the ladder. I expect it will bring me to Gold division without a hitch, probably even Diamond, and by then I’ll probably have enough to make a list that’s close to (if not exactly) one of the top level lists below.
This content is brought to you by Guardian Professional. Join the local government network for comment, analysis and the latest jobs direct to you
At a summer school, organised a few weeks ago by the Alliance of Civilizations, which brought together over 170 young people, from 70 countries, all participants were invited to summarise the week's experience in one word. Everyone was ecstatic and used sparkling words - a once in a lifetime feeling; love; hope; unique; accomplishment; peace and the like. One participant, showing a little more reserve than the rest in that euphoric atmosphere, chose the word "possibility", a statement that has resonated quite dramatically in recent events which show how right her caution was.
Apart from all this, what is entirely a separate matter and must be seen as such, is the legitimate manifestation of anger being instrumentalised by extremists to foment mob violence for their own political ends. In my view, the brutal killings in Benghazi had little to do with the release of the video. The perpetrators of this vicious terrorist attack have to be brought into justice as the Libyan authorities promptly pointed out. But in the same way that extremists do not represent all Libyans, the makers of the offending video don't represent America, all Americans, or all Christians. In my mind, it is necessary for those of us in the middle - the overwhelming majority - to take back the conversation from the extremes and occupy our rightful place in it.
Another concerning fact is that there seems to be a primordial angst that is all too easily exploited when events like this happen. The air is ripe, for those so inclined, to take advantage of popular sentiments, rouse people and encourage violence to strengthen their positions of power. While this brings me back to my earlier point about responsible leadership, it also highlights the need to do deep thinking about the persistent tensions between the East and the West; about the bad relations between Muslim and Western publics with both sides holding negative stereotypes of the other; and how a tremendous level of hostility and animosity is ever present that needs only the slightest prodding to explode. It is ultimately an indication about how much the Alliance of Civilizations is a timely and rightful UN initiative, but is also a painful reminder to me that our work at the Alliance is far from done.
Uncertainty and failure have been standard operating procedure for years in once-mighty Detroit. Last month, it became the largest city in the U.S. to declare bankruptcy under the weight of massive debt brought on by crushing population decline and a history of political corruption and mismanagement.
Seeking to bring stability and turn the city around, GOP Gov. Rick Snyder appointed Orr under a Michigan law that gives emergency managers nearly unlimited power.
Once you are able to successfully operate the FV432 APC tank, it's time to let the tank battles in Leicestershire begin. Your trio will engage in full on armoured paintball warfare against an opposing team. It's all about settling your nerves to work together to drive, load and fire. So who will drive, who will load and who will fire? Just one gift idea from over 1000 gift ideas brought to you by IntotheBlue.
The new statewide law, also known as the “bathroom bill”, brought recriminations, lost business, and resulted in music boycotts and protest tours.
She alleged she was raped by two men but military prosecutors did not bring charges.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial Show all 90 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013
Agarwal and his colleagues have some other ideas and improvements in the works. One is “teams,” or study groups that could bring together students from all over the globe virtually. Another is cohorts, such as alumni from a particular university or employees in a corporation, who might receive special material from the professor and have a private shared discussion area. This could be a potential revenue stream for edX, he noted.
“Some good players left and they have been replaced by equally accomplished ones. Above all guys who had a lot of experience at big clubs. I believe this has brought a touch more professionalism to the dressing room, along with experience. When you have all of those attributes, character comes as a result. We’re a strong side in every area of the pitch and we’re ready for this big match.”
“We’d like to include him in our squad for the second leg, although in terms of the paperwork we could technically pick him for tomorrow. We won’t bring him with us this time but he’ll be involved next week.”
This is a valid question many users have after experiencing some of the issues with prior versions of OS X and iOS, notably the weirdness that was Lion to the variety of bugs and annoyances brought to iOS 8 mobile devices with the more recent iOS launch.
Based upon a fair amount of testing, I would generally say yes, most Macs should update to OS X Yosemite. Performance wise Yosemite appears to be at least the same as Mavericks, and stability wise, it’s about as stable too. That’s a really good thing, most users will be able to update to OS X Yosemite and go right along their business, all while enjoying the new features brought to their Macs.
Not only do successful people have crystal clear short and long-term goals, they also know exactly what they must accomplish each day to feel fulfilled as well as bring them closer to their goals. They also take full advantage of the “Golden Hour” which is the first hour after you wake up in the morning. What you do mentally, physically, and spiritually during this first hour, sets the tone for the entire day.
It isn’t surprising how near Birkerts’s critique comes to the domain of spirituality and religion. Although he dismisses “a mysticism of crystals and tarot packs,” what is at stake remains a kind of transcendence, the “above and beyond” of existence that surpasses our daily needs. It is a kind of transcendence that finds a ready home in the Romantic conception of art and literature, one that probes the “why” of existence. In his coup de grâce, Birkerts cites Rainer Maria Rilke’s incomparable Ninth Elegy. “Why,” Rilke asks in that poem, “have to be human”? Perhaps, he answers, we are here to bring the world into consciousness, for “saying: House, / Bridge, Fountain, Gate, Jug”:
Birkerts’s response is to opt out to the extent that he can. But we might also confront these challenges by encouraging a change in the terms of the search. As I see it, the task of a new Transcendentalism would be less to actively oppose digital technology or save us from it than to, as Rilke put it, “change it into ourselves,” bringing to it the same kind of transformative, sustained attention that the Transcendentalists brought to the natural world.
Unfortunately, full employment does not seem to be on anyone’s agenda right now. The budget cuts that slowed the economy and cost us millions of jobs over the last three years are now largely behind us, but no one seems prepared to push an investment agenda or the sort of trade policy that can bring us back to full employment any time soon.
Mr. Trump campaigned on a promise to bring back waterboarding, a banned method previously used by C.I.A. interrogators, and allow unspecified practices he called “a hell of a lot worse.” The president-elect said in an interview last week that he had heard compelling arguments that torture was not effective, though it is not clear whether he intends to retreat from his position.
Considering the Lions ended up giving up their 4th and 7th (with a 5th in return) to move up for Van Noy later on it brings up an interesting proposal. If the Lions did go through with the Falcons more likely request, lets say for the sake of argument it would have resulted in dealing the 3rd, 4th, and 6th round picks of 2016 (Travis Swanson, *dealt to SEA then to CIN resulting in Russel Bodine, and TJ Jones) as well as Eric Ebron who the Lions would have lost out on through dealing the 10th overall pick.
Now of course I realize hindsight is 20/20. We will never know for sure how big of a possibility this actually was, but it brings around an interesting dilemma for Lions fans and which of the two options is better three years out if this scenario came true. Especially considering the late round guys the Lions would have lost out on (Nate Freese, Caraun Reid, and T.J. Jones) did not end up being significant contributors. The discussion really comes down therefore to which you would rather have: Eric Ebron and Travis Swanson, vs. Anthony Barr and Allen Robinson.
It’s tough to keep up with the various charges the two men have thrown at each other — Gingrich even brought up an ancient Romney veto concerning kosher food on Monday — so here is a guide to their most recent and most frequent claims.
The following year, some young people engaged in a pre-planned quarrel and brought their own tomatoes from home. Although the police broke it up, this began the early tradition. In the following years, the young boys' example had unwittingly made history.
In 1993, President Bill Clinton told reporters during a DMZ tour that if the North ever used nuclear weapons "it would be the end of their country." Clinton walked so far across the "Bridge of No Return" that joins the two Koreas that U.S. Secret Service agents reportedly brought rifles into the area to protect him, in violation of the Korean War cease-fire.
"Like the United States, South Korea has become a beacon of freedom, showing to the world the power of human liberty to bring down walls and uplift lives," said Bush, who also visited the DMZ observation post. "Today, across the mines and barbed wire, that light shines brighter than ever. It shines not as a threat to the North but as an invitation."
The other factor is the likelihood that a worker in any given industry would be replaced by a robot. Some jobs, for example auto manufacturing, can be automated more easily. Economists like Chad Bown of the Peterson Institute for International Economics said that if companies are forced to bring facilities back to the United States, we're likely to see much more automation.
Companies that can automate might be able to keep costs low even if they bring facilities back to the United States, Bown said. But in that case, the ultimate benefit for U.S. workers might be negligible.
Economists also widely disagreed with Trump’s claim that the greater cost of manufacturing in the United States would be offset by lower costs for transporting products by ship or airplane around the world. “If that were the case, then they would already be produced in the U.S.,” Veuger said. “Presumably, companies realize that they are paying transportation costs when they bring stuff in from abroad.”
As an All-American in college and the first overall pick of the 1999 NFL Draft, Tim Couch was supposed to bring the Cleveland Browns to the promised land. Unfortunately, injuries were the story of Couch’s career, as he showed flashes of greatness, but was never able to perform at a top level consistently.
When asked his response to those opposing the rule change, DOBOR administrator Edward Underwood said, "We did not want to have to put down feral cats. We've worked, reached out to the humane society on several occasions, to work with us on this issue. Hopefully now this will bring them back to the table, to relocate them outside of the harbor. We're not set up to destroy animals. None of our staff wants to do that either."
We consulted with two fashion industry experts to help us hone a design that would match fine suits that the stylish magicians we create for would wear. The dapper base colors are navy blue or, for more of a punch, Jerry's Nugget Orange. The details are in pastel shades of green, yellow, red, and grey, and each back design is designed to bring out the colors of your wardrobe, and accent the tie or pocket square in your ensemble.
Even a bad code can work. But if code isn’t clean, it can bring a development organization to its knees. Every year, countless hours and significant resources are lost because of poorly written code. But it doesn’t have to be that way.Martin has teamed up with his colleagues from Object Mentor to distill their best Agile practice of cleaning code “on the fly” into a book that will instill within you the values of a software craftsman and make you a better programmer – but only if you work at it.
Rob Gleason, chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party, said in a statement that he was "disappointed" by the ruling. "We shouldn't have to wait for this commonsense reform to be enacted," Gleason said. "With that being said, voter ID is still Pennsylvania law, was found to be constitutional and we will work to encourage voters to bring their photo identification with them to the polls."
The punishment will last for seven days, he said, and a second offense would bring 10 more days of the sparse diet.
What the blazing hell is that? I haven’t ordered chinese! Yes, you haven’t, although we dared to take the initiative and brought forward the Wot Armory Type-analysis. The hard reason is, the servers are flooded again with the WG’s favourite cash-cow. We dedicate this article for the new buyers, the old buyers, for those who love them, for those who cannot stand them, for low tiers and high tiers, in short, for everyone. Because this tank brings out emotions from all of us.
Barnwell liked the first big move the Colts made over the offseason, which was to bring in Chris Ballard as general manager after firing Ryan Grigson.
"The Colts have brought in a ton of young, short-term defensive help with upside in what will be an evaluation year," wrote Barnewell. "Grigson made some moves like this early in his tenure with Indy, targeting players like Greg Toler and Ricky Jean-Francois, but they were on far larger deals and expected to be long-term starters at their positions. With the sort of contracts Ballard is handing out, the guys who stick will be under contract for a couple of more seasons, while the ones who don't will be giving way to a more sustainable defensive model."
[Radomir Dopieralski] has brought his signature walking robots to the Pi Zero world with Tote Zero. Tote Zero is a quadruped walking robot built mainly from 9 gram servos. [Radomir’s] custom tote board interfaces the servos to the Pi Zero itself. The Pi Zero opens all sorts of doors for sensors, vision, and advanced processing. The Arduino board on the original Tote would have been hard pressed to pull that off. Tote is programmed in Python, which will make the code quick and easy to develop. Tote Zero just took its first steps a few days ago, so follow along as a new robot is born!
By that point, a number of new voices were speaking for the Black Belt. At least seven windmill-tilting organizations were doing good works in Hale County, including Project Horseshoe Farm, a residential mental-health facility. Those programs brought youthful energy to Greensboro. They also brought trouble.
“I have family in Milton, who gushed about the theater. After seeing it and meeting Fred, I loved the concept of bringing some events in. I had worked with Sasheer last year and it went great, so in lieu of bringing her back to Baltimore, we brought it here to see how it would do.”
“So far we’re very excited to see how it turns out and will hopefully bring more to town. With local support, this area and especially that room, has amazing potential for more.”
But, as a political concept, ML draws its considerable sting not so much from its constitutional basis as from the remembrance of its past uses and abuses—its rationalization as a tool of last resort, memories of the unspeakable brutality it brought out among its enforcers, and the enduring terror it instilled in our people.
The approach, he emphasized, does not get rid of the CO2. "You use the energy that is now wasted. You bring it in and get the extra energy out, but you cannot sequester it."
The second reason North Korea wants to access the internet is hacking. The country has aggressively grown its cyberwar divisions in recent years into a few thousand highly trained hackers. It uses cyberattacks as a sort of asymmetrical warfare; North Korea knows it would lose any real battles against much-stronger South Korea and the US, but it can still cause mayhem online and has been attacking US and South Korean online institutions for years. This is meant as a deterrent of sorts: don't step on our toes or we'll hack you. (There are also reports of North Korea using the web to run various money-producing frauds to bring in hard currency to a government that badly needs it.)
But that's mere child's play compared to documents that show how Clinton, as the Secretary of State, severely mishandled the 2012 Benghazi attack, which was orchestrated by a radical Islamic group. US Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens was killed in the attack. In an interview with Democracy Now, Assange said Clinton was even responsible for arming Islamic State fighters in Syria in an apparent effort to bring down the government of President Bashar Assad.
Clinton's past record in Iraq, Libya and Syria strongly suggests she will lead the Neocons to more foreign pillage and plunder; Trump has pledged to bring home the troops in order to "Make America Great Again." Neocons are not big fans of infrastructure projects, like filling potholes and rebuilding schools.
Smaller stained panels are placed on the head of the combine, the section of machine that reaps the corn and funnels ears into the machine. These panels each contain a central image of a hand tool, a nod to what the modern combine has replaced. Indeed, harvest time is inextricable from death, whether plant or animal: one organism survives by killing, and eating, another. Unnasch’s hand-tools aren’t just nostalgic images, they bring a measure of honesty to his representation of the reaping. The sharp angles of the panels, not to mention the sharp blades of the tools, highlight a sinister undercurrent to the machine’s operations referencing the savage foundation of our seasonal bounty.
FluentU brings native videos within reach with interactive transcripts. You can tap on any word to look it up instantly. Every definition has examples that have been written to help you understand how the word is used. If you see an interesting word you don’t know, you can add it to a vocab list.
Eight people fell victim to armed gunmen Friday into Saturday morning in five separate robberies that were reported in different areas of New Orleans. New Orleans police said the armed robberies were reported between 10:30 a.m. Friday and 4 a.m. Saturday in areas including the Upper Ninth Ward and Gentilly. The first robbery was reported just before 10:30 a.m. in the 1100 block of Louisa Street. Police said a 32-year-old man was approached by two or three men who struck him several times with a gun. The robbers took the victim's bicycle and money before leaving. Officials said the second robbery was reported after 2 p.m. in the 5100 block of Arts Street. The victim, a 19-year-old man, was robbed at gunpoint by two people whom police said he knows. The third robbery was reported after 5:30 p.m. in the 6000 block of Wildair Drive. Detectives said two men and a woman were in a vehicle when three men surrounded them. One of the culprits took out a gun and demanded their property. Police said the victims complied and the men left in a vehicle. Over near Delgado Community College, officials said the fourth robbery was reported just after 1:30 a.m. in the 5400 block of Vicksburg Street. Two men with guns approached a 47-year-old man who was sitting on his front porch. Detectives said the man demanded the victim's belongings. The man brought both men inside his home to get his money. Once the robbers were inside, the two met met with another man and demanded his money. Both robbers left the home with items that belonged to the two men, police said. The fifth robbery was reported just after 4 a.m. in the 1800 block of Henriette Delille Street. Detectives said a 57-year-old man was approached by two men, one of whom struck him in the head with a blunt object and demanded his property. Officials said the victim complied and the two robbers left with his bicycle and other property. Additional details about the robberies have not been released. Detectives have not provided descriptions of the robbers. Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
Ottawa is a good place to start. Sens GM Bryan Murray will be as busy as any of his peers as he attempts to bring change to a roster that has greatly disappointed this season.
brought home photos from the spring and summer of 2007 that showed the gore he saw with the 2-12. One picture showed a dead body, still dressed in traditional Iraqi clothing, with a rotting skull for a head. Another picture showed an Iraqi with the top part of his head blown off, covered in blood, eyes open, his body placed in a black bag alongside his brains... While still in Iraq, Needham sought help. He wrote to his father that he saw a doctor and was given a small handful of Zoloft pills, which treat depression and anxiety, and Ambien for sleeplessness. It didn't seem to work. "I'm stressed out to the point of completely losing it," Needham later wrote in an e-mail to his father. "The squad leader brushed me off and said suck it up."
The F-35B was developed as a replacement for the Marine Corps’ F/A-18 Hornet, AV-8B Harrier and EA- 6B Prowler aircraft. “The F-35B brings strategic agility, operational flexibility, and tactical supremacy to the Pacific with a mission radius greater than that of the F/A-18 Hornet and AV-8B Harrier II in support of the U.S.- Japan alliance,” according to the U.S. Marine Corps.
The first ten F-35Bs deployed to Japan from Marine Corps Air Station Yuma in Arizona in January. “The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air support platform,” the U.S. Marine Corps noted in a January 12 statement.
A/N: Long note ahead re: issues of Elsa and Anna in this story. I've had a couple of guest reviews that bring up a really good point about this story and where it's going: namely, the 'romance' between Elsa and Anna and the problematic nature of it. Elsa is a human, yes, but she does have the mind of a young child. Not only that, but she does have a 'hero worship' type love for Anna. I am aware of the problems of this, but don't worry! That's what character development is for :D I have no plans to add any smut to this story. As some of you may be aware, I have had some slightly NSFW headcanons I posted on Tumblr; these are just headcanons. They were posted because they weren't going in the story (and I thought they were funny enough to share anyway). To the reviewer who mentioned Anna being a jerk (which I'll talk about next), I do have a plan. I know that Elsa seems pretty ingrained in her dog ways, but I do have the scene planned in which her mentality... shifts, I suppose. There is a catalyst (because there's not enough development in the world to change her from a dog — human in the span of this story).
"No, Elsa. You weren't bad at all. That lady was mean, wasn't she?" Elsa nodded. "And you know, yelling at people doesn't solve anything coz they just get sad and upset." Anna brought her hand up and wiped a stray tear that trickled down Elsa's cheek. "You know what you should do when someone says something mean?"
Schneider is perceived as having final say over the 90-man roster the team brings to camp each year, with Carroll having final say over who is kept on the 53-man regular-season roster. If there have been disagreements, they apparently weren’t major, and they weren’t public.
Several secret coded telegrams sent by the Nizam of Hyderabad over the tense months of 1947-48, after he had declared his intention not to join India and Pakistan, also provide insights into his bitterness and his plan to hire a European prime minister for Hyderabad. The standoff finally ended after India launched Operation Polo to liberate Hyderabad in September, 1948."Gandhi has started his fast with the intention of unifying the Muslims but he is an old fool and his character is doubtful," the Nizam says in one of his several telegrams to his legal advisor Sir Walter Monckton, who played a key role in the Nizam’s negotiations with Lord Mountbatten after Hyderabad declared its intention to remain independent.In another telegram, the Nizam tells Monckton to find a European prime minister for Hyderabad, so as to further firm up his declared independence, which was being opposed by the communists, the Congress and the Indian state. "Try for dominion status for Hyderabad within the Commonwealth. Try to get a European prime minister," according to the Nizam’s telegram to Monckton.According to a note of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), these telegrams were sent by the Nizam to Monckton "in code," after the arrival of K M Munshi as India’s agent general in Hyderabad and Mahatma Gandhi’s fast.The telegrams show that the Nizam was heavily dependent on Monckton to advice him through the crisis. "Come early, the condition in the state is worsening day by day. India government is trying to strangle Hyderabad and is giving all kinds of difficulties. She is encouraging border incidents. These rascals are unnecessarily creating trouble regarding the Rs 20 crore loan to Pakistan. There was nothing wrong in transferring the Indian securities into Pakistan securities. Hyderabad is prepared for the worst. Give also this information to the authorities in England. Come early," the Nizam wires Monckton.In another telegram, the Nizam tells his advisor that Mountbatten is likely to come to Hyderabad and force it to accede to the Indian Union. "If he comes here with that intention, the condition here will worsen as the people would not like that. I have already declared my independence and I am not ready to rescind from that position and accede, whatever may happen. My people are also with me," the Nizam says. And then again appeals to Monckton to come early because Mountbatten was expected to visit in February, 1948.The Nizam also reveals in one of his telegrams that the ‘Stand Still Agreement’ signed on November 29, 1947 with India was only to "mark time".Also among the declassified documents are many other intelligence reports that bring out the deep suspicion that Indian agencies had of British officers of the Indian Army. One assessment says they are mostly "pro-Muslim and are creating as much trouble as they can before they quit India next year", and they must be sent back at the earliest.This particular report — put up by V P Menon for the perusal of Mountbatten — also talks of the need to remove the British brigadier posted in Secunderabad. Among the intelligence reports are also several inputs about the irregular fighters, communists, movement of foreign journalists and others.As tensions further mounted, in August 1948, the agent general was told in a detailed secret report that "aerial gun running is still going on between Karachi and Hyderabad. The planes are mostly landing at Warangal and occasionally at Bidar. Incidents have been reported of two and even three planes arriving the same day. It is through these planes that emissaries of Hyderabad travel to Pakistan and the places abroad".On September 18, 1948, Major General Syed Ahmed El Edroos, the commander-in-chief of the Hyderabad State Forces, surrendered his army to Indian troops under Major General J N Choudhuri, who later became the Army chief. Hyderabad became an independent state between 1948 and 1956, and then it was split up among Andhra Pradesh, Bombay — later divided into Gujarat and Maharashtra — and Karnataka.
Apple has released iOS 10 beta 6 for developers to test on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. iOS 10 brings a refreshed look to Apple Music and News plus loads of new features to the platform. The software update will be ready for everyone likely sometime next month, and we’ll dig through the sixth developer version of the iOS 10 beta below.
In this talk Rainer Grimm, a German author of multiple C++ books, brought under the spotlight the concurrency features introduced by the new C++ standard C++17 and the coming one C++20. Here is a short summary of my favourite features:
As explained by Rainer Grimm, we will have the possibility to easily bring concurrency to our C++ codebases without ressorting to the low-level, and tricky to get right, features like thread and locks. While I appreciated the talk, it lacked a bit of novelty as I was already aware of most of the features.
Sausage Party is about science versus religion. It’s about blind faith versus undebatable truth—about people who choose to believe something they’re told all their lives and how that could, potentially, be a problem. That’s not to say Sausage Party bashes religion, faith, or your beliefs (it jabs them for sure), but it fully embraces the happiness those things can bring people.
In the case of a supermarket full of foul-mouthed food, these debates are brought about by a talking hot dog (Seth Rogen) that’s desperate to enter his bun girlfriend (Kristen Wiig). All the food in the supermarket believes when you’re chosen by the Gods, a.k.a. humans shopping in the store, you are brought to the Great Beyond, a place where everything is going to be wonderful. They think its heaven, basically. But when one bottle of honey mustard is returned to the store, he starts planting the seeds of truth that lead Rogen’s character on a quest through the supermarket to discover that humans kill food when they leave the supermarket.
(He was beaten up by bystanders there. I even told them to stop, I said we should just bring the suspect to the police station... My purpose for bringing him there was so an inquest could be conducted.)
Bagcal said that after he brought Arnaiz to the police station, cops then instructed him to follow them and the suspect to C3 Road where he was allegedly robbed. It was then that Arnaiz was shot dead.
“Wilderness Is” has a lilting chamber quality to it and serves as an extended introduction to “A Letter in Birch Bark”. A song that blends a wonderful rich male vocal performance with earthy guitar and organ. “Elegy to Goyahkla” is another short work that conveys the listener to the classic psychedelic sounding “His Portal Tomb”. This ten minute piece brings forth distorted heavy tones mixed with flute and vocals, with drones of sound pulsing in waves. Having reached this far into the album, the listener is now treated to what starts as a simple guitar motif turned into some dark germanic carnival music on “Are You Coniferous”.
The opus “Unseen Sun” clocks in at nearly thirteen and a half minutes. This work sums up the whole album experience in a single piece of music with great vocal parts, extended droning riffs that carry the listener on waves sound. This is the music that brings the listener full circle from where the journey began.
But there again, everything to do with PSG over the last couple of years has just been additional degrees of astounding. This week’s spending brings PSG’s total transfer outlay to around half a billion dollars since the summer of 2011. The onslaught of spending kicked off when the Qatar Investment Authority bought the club two summers ago for $135M.
It started with transfer spending of $142M but that wasn’t sufficient to win Ligue 1. Close to $200M was spent in 2012/13 and that brought a Ligue 1 championship and got PSG to the last eight of the UEFA Champions League.
Tomas then contacted the Star for help and returned to Kuganesan’s shop with a reporter posing as his friend. Tomas brought along the ETR bill.
He says he photographed the odometer on the RX-8 sports car because he suspected the Mazda 6 had been driven somewhere and brought back with damage.
Chapter 9: My favourite episode. The way they created the camps and its inhabiters was extrodinary and brought a tear to my eye! The looks on everyones faces when they saw it tells it all. Written briliantly, acted upon perfectly from everyone (liebgoot crying when he has to tell them to stay in the camps and not eat, Nixon when he first sees the camp.) Perfect Episode
In some ways, it's much more difficult to translate the work of Golden Age artists to 3D than it is more modern creators like Jim Lee, but Tim Bruckner delivered another winner with this sculpt. Bob Kane's cover is elegantly brought to life, and the image of Robin leaping onto the stage offers a striking design to add to your Batman collection. The various Robins aren't terribly well represented in statue form, but at least the Dynamic Duo have this piece to celebrate their partnership.
With the pursuit of Liverpool's Luis Suarez reaching an exceptionally tense impasse, Arsene Wenger has attempted to keep the Rooney option open as he seeks to bring in a forward.
Moyes is known to have been happily surprised by the progress Anderson, 25, in training and pre-season games, but still feels the club may need to bring in midfield reinforcements, even beyond Fellaini.
This past weekend, students at Keene State College in New Hampshire got, as one student put it, “way out of hand,” as they turned over a car and danced on top of it, threatened an elderly person, threw glass bottles, and popped fireworks. These violent white college kids were so unruly that the police had to come in riot gear and bring out tear gas, to quell the riots. One white female student reported feeling very unsafe. Why are these white kids so mad that they are terrorizing residents and destroying property? Should we be concerned about the fact that they seemed to really enjoy it? Is that sociopathic?
Pebble was brought to life by 68,929 backers who supported our vision three years ago. Even though we've grown tremendously since then, we're still a small company battling some of the largest competitors in the world. We believe that this is the best and most efficient way for us to get our latest product to the people who want it most: people like you.
Miller, who has emphysema, was brought into the Johnson County courtroom Thursday in a wheelchair. After Judge Thomas Kelly Ryan scheduled a three-day preliminary hearing in March, Miller protested, shouting, “What about my speedy trial?”
We are perhaps the only generation that could define our ages by the technology which was released during those ages. It is interesting to think that I could define the ages 5-9 as the Super Nintendo, ages 10-14 as the Playstation, 14-18 as the Playstation 2, 18-22 as the 360, Wii, and PS3. We have entered new factors into the equation of what it is that brings us happiness. As to the possible implications of such a thing, I really cannot say; only that in doing so we have become impossibly intertwined with technology.
4:15 And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work.
“It is a great achievement that the combatant groups have been brought together and speak with one voice, but we need to bring peace dividends — water, electricity, roads, schools — so the population sees peace making a difference in their lives,” Mongi Hamdi, the U.N. special representative for Mali, said in an interview. “That is the glue that will keep people attached to peace.”
In conclusion, when we look back at the trends of the past few decades, and project such trends into the near future, we expect that demand for autonomy and independence will remain high, as long as the world continues to be democratic, peaceful and open. But we also expect that such demand will be much less likely to bring about costly breakups and divisions if national governments and supranational organizations do not try to maintain the status quo at all costs, but are open to change and tolerant of diverse preferences within their borders. Then, we can expect that most people will decide to stay together after all. However, as in a marriage, sometimes a peaceful divorce is better than a painful forced union.
The case was brought under a section of British Columbia's Family Relations Act, which says parents "dependent on a child because of age, illness, infirmity or economic circumstances" are entitled to support from their adult offspring.
It was a vital breakthrough for a Swedish offence that could not get into gear for much of a gritty encounter in Moscow. Norway, aware that victory here would bring it level with its Nordic neighbour on eight points, set up cautiously. Its disciplined hockey limited the Tre Kronor's chances in a first period that never really took off, but that same defensive focus meant that Sweden's Jacob Markstrom could enjoy a relatively quiet time between the piping for long periods.
Grate has a lengthy arrest record, mostly for domestic abuse. One of the women, Christina Hildreth, an ex-girlfriend who brought some of those charges against him, spoke to Cleveland 19 News.
Chaney and her friends were dressed in orange T-shirts, a color that represents opposition to the abortion bill. People in support of the bill wore blue shirts. Chaney said she noticed that people in blue shirts in line weren't being searched as closely as she and her friends, and said those people were allowed to bring things into the Senate gallery that she and her friends were not.
“It might have felt silly, but it didn’t,” Ford, 73, says in PEOPLE’s Star Wars special issue, of reprising his role as Han Solo. “It was fun to work with [director] J.J. Abrams, who brought great energy, passion, and clear focus to the whole event. So I had a good time.”
The kickball tournament, among other events, brings the already tight-knit community together, said Steve Greifelt, a family friend whose son played in a soccer league with Danny.
Released today on CD and Download is The Beast of Kravenos, the opening story of this year's sixth series of Doctor Who - The Fourth Doctor Adventures, when writer Justin Richards brings the Doctor (Tom Baker), Romana (Lalla Ward) and K9 (John Leeson) to Victorian London for a night at the theatre with Jago (Christopher Benjamin) & Litefoot (Trevor Baxter):
Pochettino first brought it into the public domain as part of a discussion about Harry Kane and how the striker’s awareness of Tottenham’s place and identity in London had helped him to find extra edge in derby matches. Kane has an eye-catching scoring record against his club’s capital city rivals: he now has 22 goals in 31 games.
Towards the end of the show, however, King brought up the earlier interview, playing the tape of Assange walking out. King appeared to be initially confused by the tape, asking if Assange had walked out of his own show as well.
"...It is not right to bring in sensational and, in fact, false claims, a relatively trivial matter compared to the deaths of 109,000 people," Assange said. "And it is -- I mean, CNN should be ashamed of doing that. And you, Larry, you actually should be ashamed, as well."
Mungo Man crosses many boundaries, boundaries between science and traditional cultures, between past and present, between black and white, between life and death. On returning home, his voice takes on new urgency, defining messages for his land and for his people. That occasion, after 40 years in waiting, brings new hope, a reassurance to Indigenous Australians of the nation’s debt to their ancestral history.
I don’t know what brought the ex-presidents to Jersey City, but their benign presence seems to have rubbed off on the servers, who are unusually friendly and free of pretense, and on the amateur disc jockey who stocked the playlist with tunes like “Don’t Worry, Be Happy.”
A mash of beets with horseradish, last seen at Passover trying to make the best of its unfortunate marriage to gefilte fish, tries out a new partner at Thirty Acres, East Coast oysters on the half shell, liberated for the night from their unfortunate liaison with cocktail sauce. This was one time when infidelity brought out the best in both accomplices.
“He got my attention when he brought up the name of Shea Weber,” said Bergevin before detailing that the conversation resumed Monday and the deal was formalized early Wednesday afternoon.
With Michigan's coverage improving and quarterback Deondre Francois getting absolutely blown up by the UM defensive front seven, FSU's 11-point lead was suddenly down following an ill-advised throw by Francois near his goal line; linebacker Mike McCray picked it off with ease and brought it 14 yards to the house for a touchdown to cut his team's deficit to five.
The programs would apply to parents of children who are citizens or are living in the country legally. Eligibility also would be expanded for the president's 2012 effort that applies to people who were brought here illegally as children. More than 700,000 people have taken advantage of that earlier program, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. The new program for parents, known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, and the expanded program for children could reach as many as 4 million people, according to the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute.
Perhaps it makes sense, then, that when pro-democracy activists came out on the streets to joing the "Occupy Central" protests, many brought umbrellas with them. Many of these activists, driven to protest by what they saw as the inability of Hong Kong's leaders to stand up to Beijing, probably brought their umbrellas to provide shelter from the late September sun.
You see, Need for Speed 2015 brought with it a resurrection of the spirit of 2003 and 2004’s successful Underground games and saw the return of meaningful performance and visual customisation. Between all the hokey live-action, first-person fist-bumping it also revolved around encounters with real-world automotive icons. That’s an idea I still genuinely like. Of course, it was very short, the world was largely empty, there initially wasn’t any drag racing, and you couldn’t even pause the game in single-player. It was flawed, no doubt.
When to plant: Spring is the best time to re-pot the sapling into its permanent container. Tender saplings suffer under frost or harsh winter weather, so it’s best to transplant after all danger of frost has passed. When the temperature threatens to dip under 50°F/10ºC, the tree should be brought indoors. It may be taken out to enjoy the sunshine on warmer days. A trolley, on which the container stands permanently, is useful there.
Jibo’s robot fulfillment is obscure at the moment. I have no doubt he can recognize average voice commands such as “how’s the weather” or recite words from a webpage, but I find it a bit odd that there have been zero demos showing off real dynamic conversations between Jibo and people. A simple search query for “Jibo demo” will bring up endless videos where Jibo recites his robotic “hello” and then spins around in circles while playing back a tune. It could very well be that Dr. Breazeal and her team are keeping everything behind the curtain for a big reveal, but there’s also the chance that development isn’t going as planned.
Like I said, also triangulating, so getting it from the supervisor of the people you’re training, who aren’t necessarily the same as the subject matter experts, and find out the problems that they still exhibit even after training, and bring that back in and say, “Well, we’re going to make those alternatives.” If you can get several subject matter experts, ideally getting several and getting them to work together really helps unpack that thinking, but that’s even more of a time commitment, as you point out.
Advent must be a time when we ponder the truth that God came to earth to give us Himself in an unmerited and free way. His life is a totally free Gift to us and is the greatest Gift we have ever received. In turn, Advent must be a time when we also reflect upon our calling to bring the Gift of Christ Jesus to others.
Dennis Lenart, director, Telltale Games: You're going to see action sequences at the start of the game, but it's not the same as Lee was. Lee was a full-grown man. The way he deals with people and the way he deals with zombies is very, very different from Clementine. She can shoot a gun, but she's not running around the world with a bunch of guns just taking out zombies right and left. She's got to use her environment. She's got to use everything she has to her advantage. So, the way we're approaching action sequences in Season Two is a little bit different. It's focused on her vulnerabilities and the different strengths that she has, which is very, very different from what Lee brought to Season One.
Lenart: She's awesome, so a lot of it. Definitely. Melissa's performance is fantastic. She brings this innocence to [Clementine] and this need to want to protect her as well, and her performance--she's an amazing actress.
Thanks to our friends at OCVR, we have unknowingly completed our first game jam for The Nightmare Machine. We have scheduled the remaining game jams for August and are well on our way to completing the software framework that brings the entire experience together. We also recently hosted our first two play-test sessions, provided some decent scares, and have received some good feedback to make the experience even scarier for the rest of you.
WOAH! DUDE! Okay sorry my initial shock is gone. Alright just because your daughter has condoms in her purse does not mean she has a penis. It might mean she is sexually active or it means she considering being sexually active. But in either case she should be applauded because she is being careful and smart. Guys don't always have a condom and she is taking that into mind and being safe about it. I am very, very, very sure she does not have a penis. If you really want to know bring up the discussion of sex and have conversation about it. Once again I DOUBT she has a penis.
Here are some of the good things mindfulness can bring to your life:
Wow, now that’s an impressive list! :) Did you know that studies have shown that practicing mindfulness, even for just a few weeks, can bring a variety of physical, psychological, and social benefits?
Gastric Sleeve Surgery brings profound changes to life!
The president outlined a U.S. military operation that is providing humanitarian assistance first, to be followed by an effort to bring the Yezidis and other ethnic and religious minorities down from where they fled from by extremists known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The refugees will then be relocated to a safe place.
While there are a lot of bra and panty sets hanging up around the store, only a limited size range is actually on the rack, which makes sense due to limited space. I think ettiquette-wise it’s fine to pull your own size if you see it, but generally it seems to be the case that you ask a sales associate to get what you’re interested in and bring it to the fitting room for you. I also recommend asking for any additional styles that might not be on the rack. For example, only one Freya padded half cup bra was on display – Kiyoko – which didn’t interest me, but the associate was able to bring me two different ones from the back – Strawberry Fields and Utopia.
When asking for my chosen bras to be brought to a fitting room, I explained that the 28Gs I am currently wearing have started getting loose in the cups, so I wanted to try most of the bras in a 28FF. A few minutes later, the associate appeared with my selections and took me to the fitting room.
When we got to the fitting room, she explained that she brought everything I asked for in a 28G to start with. Okay, no big deal I guess, but I know that my 28Gs at the moment are gaping due to recent weight loss, which I had explained when requesting 28FFs. I felt like that was a bit of a waste of time. That said, the fitter might have considered that my current bras were just worn out and not the wrong size and wanted to check for herself. Regardless, I had never tried a padded Bravissimo bra and nothing from them in size 28G, so when she handed the bras over, I went straight for Etta to get started.
Before I had even finished scooping and swooping, there was a knock on the door asking how I was getting on. It couldn’t have been more than a minute and a half after I closed the fitting room door. Truth be told, unless I’m having a fit issue or I’m really unsure and want a second opinion, I don’t need a fitter’s help at this stage in the game. I am also still not 100% comfortable with standing in a bra in front of a stranger. But I wanted to get a full experience for the purpose of this review and to compare it to last year’s trip to the same store. So I let her have a look at Etta in 28G and she agreed to bring a smaller cup size in that bra while I tried the others.
Combining the talents of Eisner-Award Winning Artist Juanjo Guarnido (Blacksad) and the face-meltingly awesome sounds of Freak Kitchen, a spectacular animated music video presented in World Premiere at NYCC, brought to life by an amazing team including Animators whose credentials range from Dreamworks to Disney and the brilliant 3-D studio Fortiche Prod. The video blends traditional 2-D character animation with 3-D computer graphics in a way you’ve never seen before. Come and see for yourself!
"There were lots of bodies all around and we saw there were four or five sharks swimming among them, large blue sharks, a very aggressive species. When we brought the bodies on board we noticed that some of them had been bitten, so it's possible that among the missing some may have been eaten."
The 200 people rescued in the latest double operation brought back to a naval base in Tripoli and provided them with water, food and medical care.
“We've learned over the years what works and what motivates them, and now we can bring all of that together in one place along with the right resources and experts,” he said. “If we get to them early enough, we can hopefully keep them on the right track to a bigger and brighter future for themselves and their families."
“Both guys are really special competitors and they’re really tough-minded guys and we loved them when we had them, we hated when we had to lose them. So the opportunity arose and John figured it out and jumped at it. Both guys come back, and they bring something special to us. Clemons is a really adept rusher, and he’ll be good to help our young guys learn, too. If we can keep it in the mode that we want to and the numbers of plays we want to, we think we can really keep him effective. Brandon’s got some special skills as we know, and he’s very aggressive coverage-wise and makes things happen. So we’re going to do some different things with him you’ll see in the future. We have a nice plan for it. So we’re excited about both those guys coming back. Fun to have in the building.”
Schneider added that continued enhancements in how the team monitors the conditioning of players makes it easier to bring back veterans and know how to get the most out of them.
The rest is holdover news, and I will be brief today. Walt Disney's Guardians of the Galaxy earned $2.09 million yesterday, setting the stage for a $7m weekend and propelling the film over the $300m domestic milestone (it's at $299.98m). It should also top $600m worldwide this weekend as well. Paramount's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles should earn around $5m for the weekend, after earning $1.17m yesterday, bringing its cume up to $181m. 20th Century Fox's Let's Be Cops, another mainstream film that overcame terrible timing in terms of real-life horrors, should bring it around $4m for the weekend, after earning $1.27m yesterday, which will bring its total up to $73m. Warner Bros.' If I Stay earned 1.16m (-27%) bringing its total up to $42m while Into the Storm earned $0.235m (-37%) and brought its domestic cume to $45.1m. Sony's When the Game Stands Tall earned another $0.715m and should earn around $2.6m for the weekend which will bring its cume to $26.8m. The November Man earned another $0.84m on its third Friday, bringing the Pierce Brosnan spy thriller over the $20m mark. Finally, The Giver should pass $40m by the end of the weekend, while The Hundred-Foot Journey should end the frame with around $49m domestic.
The backing of seven Sinn Fein MPs would reduce the Tory majority to just four - which would bring the Government to the brink of collapse.
QPR’s Head of Media & Communications, Ian Taylor, will work closely with Sinton and is excited about the return of the 49 year-old, commenting: “Andy lives and breathes football, and especially all things QPR, so when the opportunity arose to bring someone into this role, he was the ideal candidate.
“It’s not just going to the movies,” Santini said. “We’ve built a community here…the movie theater is our vehicle to do that. It brings people into the doors, but in turn they have the opportunity to interact and engage with our prospects and see the talent, the passion and hard work and shatter those expectations of what it means to have a disability.”
“Our goal is to not only bring in audiences that may have been excluded from movie-going,” Santini said. “Our prospect staff works specifically with the individual, their caregiver and families to show tips and strategies to make normal movie-going an everyday occurrence.”
In his 6,000-word article Hersh relies heavily on single, unnamed sources for each of his claims, and constructs a narrative in which the Turkish government was responsible for the largest chemical attack since the one carried out by Saddam Hussein on Halabja in 1988. But Hersh's story is full of holes, and it brings the reliability of his sources and conclusions into question.
And that brings us to London, and those 100,000 people crammed into White City Stadium. They included the Daily Mail’s correspondent, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle – “I do not often do journalistic work, but I was tempted chiefly by the offer of an excellent seat,” he wrote in his autobiography – and Queen Alexandra, who was so excited about the event that she demanded to be involved in both the start and the finish. Not only was she to witness its conclusion in person, but she also sent a telegram whose arrival was to prompt the Princess of Wales to signal the start of the race.
News of the start at Windsor came to swarms of Londoners as they took their way to Paddington and Baker-street Stations to catch the race on the outskirts. The Prince of Wales had fired the electric gun, and the Crown Prince of Sweden had started off the field of 55 runners, these including the Canadian Indian Longboat, whose entry had been so severely opposed. Duncan, the Salford Harrier, who was favourite for the cup, had got off easily, and the running was being made by Clarke and Lord. All the places on the route where the train touched were buzzing with people. The City must have been half empty, the City man and his clerk were here in their tens of thousands, and there were huge clusters of Americans and foreigners with flags to betray them. There were few Frenchman for the nation was not competing. The heat seemed to be getting worse after two o’clock, and it was felt that whatever might be done no records would be broken near the half way post .... A programme somewhat deficient in interest had been arranged to occupy the earlier part of the afternoon at the Stadium before the Marathon race was timed to finish. The crowd, estimated at 70,000 at least, bore it in great patience, and even raised a little interest in high diving and pole jumping. But it was evident that the idea of a thrilling finish to the great race had caught the popular imagination. The heat of the blazing summer day had brought colour to the tiers of seats surrounding the arena. On the sunny side were rows of sunshades of every conceivable hue, and one could not help contrasting the scene with that of last week, when a handful of spectators had herded together under dripping umbrellas. Now they waved fans improvised from newspapers, and seemed uncomfortably hot at that.
And when patronising outsiders tried to tell us we were being spied on and that our leaders were lying to us – at the same time as Australia discovered terrorists in its midst – we punished the people who brought them here.
The U.K. town of Milton Keynes isn't waiting for Google or General Motors to bring autonomous cars to the masses. Instead, it's enlisting a fleet of 100 self-driving pods to run between the city's central train station, shopping center, and office parks beginning in 2015.
The community of Minyerri was keen to start an arts centre, but in doing so, stumbled upon an opportunity to bring one of their traditions to the tea market.
The gladiatorial sacrifice was a giant spectacle the entire city would attend. The captives would be paraded in the streets followed by eagle and jaguar warriors to the sacrifice stone. The eagle and jaguar warriors would dance around the captives and display their shields and weapons to the crowds. Once they brought the captives to the sacrifice stone, they would be tied down to it to be ceremonially killed. The captives would be forced to drink pulque to intoxicate them. They would be painted and given a sword and a shield along with four cudgels to throw. The warriors would then attack the victim who was tied down to the sacrifice stone with an obsidian laced club. The club would be used for ceremonial use and would be decorated with feathers. He would be attacked by several warriors one at a time and then, if still alive, would be attacked by all four together. The warriors which fought during the gladiatorial sacrifice would be eagle and jaguar warriors. If the captive fought off all of them, he would then have to defend himself against a left handed warrior. If captives were not killed this way, then they would be killed the following day by the offering priests. The gladiatorial sacrifice was done as a ceremony, for the return of warriors with their captives. The gladiatorial sacrifices were held during the month of the Feast of the Flaying of Men.
Boe, the youngest in a family of nine children,[5] was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, and brought up in nearby Fleetwood. He is of Irish and Norwegian descent. His mother and father named him after the Italian name of Pope John XXIII.[6][7] He attended St Wulstan's and St Edmund's School[8] and Cardinal Allen Catholic High School in Fleetwood.[citation needed] His earliest musical memories were of listening to his father's Richard Tauber records and at the age of 11 he discovered Puccini's La Bohème for the first time.[citation needed]
Boe toured the United Kingdom with the Fron Male Voice Choir in February 2007 and took part in the first Classic FM webcast concert with soprano Natasha Marsh in March. The same month, he was appointed as an ambassador of the Prince of Wales Arts & Kids Foundation, a British educational charity working to inspire and educate children by introducing them to the arts. Boe's role being to bring music, and opera in particular for those children involved.[5]
is a versatile warrior who can mix and match a defensive and offensive style as needed. The duelist is capable of using a variety of light armaments include blades, thrown weapons, shields, and lighter armors. The duelist relies on his superior speed and blade work to overwhelm his enemies in combat. The Bard hails from an ancient tradition of minstrel mystics who learned how to tap into the winds of magic through the rhythm and call of music. The Bard brings a versatile set of mystical abilities to bear, but must stop and weave the magic with her music, which can make her vulnerable at times. To protect herself and the group, the Bard can train in the combat-dance of light blades and bows.
hails from an ancient tradition of minstrel mystics who learned how to tap into the winds of magic through the rhythm and call of music. The Bard brings a versatile set of mystical abilities to bear, but must stop and weave the magic with her music, which can make her vulnerable at times. To protect herself and the group, the Bard can train in the combat-dance of light blades and bows. The Rogue is a swiftly moving shadow who strikes from a distance, using his superior range and deadly arrows to deal with threats. In order to infiltrate enemy positions, the rogue is both stealthy and capable of handling locks quietly.
The Trese Brothers, creators of the mobile games Star Traders, Templar Assault and Cyber Knights are back and on the case! This time the goal is to create the mobile fantasy RPG you’ve been waiting for. Heroes of Steel is a squad-based turn-based tactical RPG set in the grim fantasy world of Steel, and it will challenge you with both an immense world and a deep and engaging game system. As lifelong gamers, the Trese Brothers loved and gamed in the great predecessors to Heroes, starting with the tabletop greats such as Heroes Quest and then into the digital age with games like Castle of the Winds, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy Tactics, and Diablo I and II. Inheriting a dark and gritty fantasy world from the Treses’ pen-and-paper game worlds, Heroes will bring retro computer games and fantasy role playing together on mobile Android platforms in a unique and exciting way!
We want to bring this same love, challenge and excitement to the fantasy RPG genre, and Heroes of Steel is our first foray. We hope that you will help fund the Heroes project so that we can provide you with a gaming platform for truly epic adventure!
Blaney pointed to legislation the government plans to bring to the House to give police more power to deal with cases like Maguire's.
This group may have acted completely innocently. The issue, however, was not dropped by the men, and a few weeks later, on November 2, 2005, the group joined forces with the New Jersey-based American Muslim Union and the New York City chapter of CAIR for a joint press conference concerning the incident. At the conference, the men complained that they had been humiliated at Giants Stadium, and that their "main aim [in publicizing the episode] was to bring to light and educate people about what it is we're supposed to do."[25] They also took the opportunity to promote a campaign called "Pray for Understanding,"[26] which the executive director of the New York office of CAIR described as a way to teach people about Islam. The tie-in to the "Pray for Understanding" campaign at the press conference suggests the possibility that the incident at Giants Stadium may have been staged to create a platform to promote an ulterior public relations agenda.
The current contract is worth $16.8 million and contains options for further deliveries which could bring the overall contract value to $118.5 million.
The moon is too far away and we are too poor to ever be able to land there again. So, there is quite limited supply of the lunar material available. In total, NASA’s Apollo missions from 1969 to 1972 managed to bring down some 2,200 samples of lunar rocks, pebbles, sand and dust weighing about 840 pounds. Thats it, the grand total of lunar material on our little blue-green planet. If China, Brazil, Russia or any of the so-called developing nations does not land something up there, that is all we will have for quite a long time.
It drew largely on what it described as patchy coverage of the issue in by Vietnam’s state-controlled media and from bloggers keen to document cases of police brutality.
And the Detroit Lions defensive tackle isn't angry at the possible double-standard. "(That kind of hit) happens all the time," Suh said during a news conference Wednesday "It's not going to stop. Look forward to it -- look forward to keep making plays down the field. That's my job. "To me, it's just gnats that are in the air that keep going after you. You swat at 'em, and sometimes you hit 'em, sometimes you don't. Sometimes they run away, sometimes they come back again. But ultimately, I'm just that bee going to find that honey hole. That's what I do." Suh was excoriated by various players, past and present, as well as coaches and some media for blocking Minnesota center John Sullivan in the knees in the opener. He drew a record $100,000 fine. Fanaika, conversely, wasn't whistled for a penalty -- in fact, the block was legal because Fanaika's an offensive lineman -- and the country hasn't rallied to Suh's defense. Suh said he "doesn't care" about being treated differently in the media. "That's not my job," he said. Coach Jim Schwartz shrugged off the play as well, and wouldn't disclose whether Detroit has or plans to file a grievance with the league. "That whole turning plays in and saying the league called and said this, I honestly think that's a little unbecoming," Schwartz said. "We try to keep our conversations with the league just to that. If they tell us they blew a call ... I mean, how many times have I come up here and said that? "Probably never, because we don't make excuses. We don't want to make excuses for stuff like that." Schwartz did seem to have some issue with the rule itself though, which allows for offensive lineman to block below the waist as long as it's from the front. "Is it less of an injury risk (than if a defensive lineman does it)? No, but it's a legal play as opposed to a play that's penalized, so it is what it is," he said. Suh also denied a Fox Sports report that he's stomped on teammates in practice, deferring to previous statements from Schwartz and center Dominic Raiola that it never happened.0000495-5107e5532b3e6dbd6dc0996ae0cc1341.txt
To examine this hypothesis, we adapted a computer algorithm that we recently introduced in the Quarterly Journal of Political Science. It allows us to draw thousands of alternative, nonpartisan redistricting plans and assess the partisan advantage built into each plan. First we created a large number of districting plans (as many as 1,000) for each of 49 states. Then we predicted the probability that a Democrat or Republican would win each simulated district based on the results of the 2008 presidential election and tallied the expected Republican seats associated with each simulated plan.
Their sharp words were a clear indication of the damage that Trump inflicted on himself with his unchained news conference Tuesday, in which he drew an equivalence between racists and counterprotestors in Charlottesville and offered a shocking glimpse of his inner beliefs and temperament.
And it drew fire on social media from commentators including Canberra press gallery veteran Laurie Oakes, who tweeted: "Libs must wonder who can help a PM apparently determined to be seen as a joke. #jokeknighthood".
Alas, the token condemnation against foreign policy that does occasionally come from the mouths of these ‘mainstream’ clerics is too shallow for his liking, too weak to satiate his own anger, too lost in the convoluted language and footnotes of their larger message. He is always reminded of the words of Malcolm X and the distinction that Malcolm drew between the ‘house Negro’ and the ‘field Negro’ and he cannot help but feel that these mainstream scholars are far too entrenched with the powers-that-be to stand up against them.
Slager draws his pistol and fires from about 15ft (4.5m) away, hitting Scott five times.
The scene drew the attention of criminal justice majors at Johnson and Wales University as police and prosecutors questioned witnesses. Several left the homeland security class after hearing gunfire and checking Providence police scanner activity.
Pressed by Tumulty, she again demurred from the journalist’s label but said the Democratic nominee “can make the case against him, if he is the nominee, by pointing out what he has said, what he claims to believe in, the values he’s promoting. I think that’s a better way for the American people to draw their conclusions.”
Potok said their protests typically center around 10 or 20 members of the group but can draw dozens of police officers and as many as 500 demonstrators.
"Whenever there's a hate group having a rally, it's not as productive to have a counter-protest at the rally," she said. "It draws more attention to their efforts."
Regardless, what is made abundantly clear on Pixelapse's website is that drawing coherent illustrations was not a business need for their company. This must be true more broadly, because Dropbox themselves acquired Pixelapse even though they could not competently draw a box.
Ciaran Clark's last-minute headed own goal handed Queens Park Rangers a draw at St James' Park and denied Newcastle United top spot in the Championship.
Between 1990 and 1996, McKean wrote and drew the ten issues of Cages, an ambitious graphic novel about artists and creativity, illustrated in a stripped-down pen-and-ink style influenced by Alberto Breccia, José Antonio Muñoz and Lorenzo Mattotti.[12] Cages was published as single volume by Kitchen Sink Press in 1998, and in a new edition by NBM Publishing in 2002. In 2010, Cages was released by Dark Horse Comics in paperback. An anniversary edition was released in 2016 by the same publisher, featuring a new introduction by Terry Gilliam.[6]
Khurshid denied any deliberate Kurdish policy to drive the Turkmens out of Kirkuk. “I don’t say there are no assassinations and explosions, but no Kurdish group has a policy of denial vis-a-vis the Turkmens,” he said. “Before 2003, there was not even one Turkmen school in the city. Thanks to the Kurdish government, the Turkmens have opened several schools. They are even using the Latin alphabet. The Iraqi government does not accept that, but we do.” Khurshid drew a comparison to Erbil, where, he said, Turkmens had a school before 2003. He argued that Kurds had been supportive of the idea that Turkmens hold senior administrative posts.
Former KDP lawmaker Aso Karim drew attention to the PMU’s Iranian connections. “[The PMU] is growing and could step into action to retake the disputed areas. Iran is influential here,” he said.
Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., delivered one of her signature hard-hitting speeches at the Values Voter Summit, a conference for socially conservative activists on Sept. 17, 2010. At one point, Bachmann took a shot at the woman who leads her chamber, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. Pelosi, Bachmann said, "has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she’s flying." Bachmann was referring to the Air Force jets that Pelosi uses to fly internationally and back to her home in San Francisco. (Her Republican predecessor, Dennis Hastert of Illinois, used them as well, under a program approved under President George W. Bush.) Bachman’s claim drew a rapid counterattack from the Speaker’s office, as aides revived arguments they’d used when the allegation first surfaced months earlier. Among other things, Pelosi’s office noted that the Speaker "does not drink alcohol" and that there "is no alcohol service on the domestic flights the Air Force operates for travel from Washington to San Francisco for the Speaker."… [emphasis added]
"This is what happens to citizens, that people don't get to see all the time, if you say, 'I don't want you to draw blood,'" Cammack said.
The PUC review was triggered by a requirement that net metering be revisited once peak solar power production hit 1 percent of Central Maine Power Co.’s installed capacity. But reducing the net-metering incentives drew immediate fire from solar installers and clean-energy supporters. They countered that the value of this energy actually is greater than the cost of service. And they pointed to a study done for the PUC in 2015, and updated last summer, to prove it.
Saenchai uses this classic technique better than anyone: Deceitfully throw a rear round kick chamber out wide to draw a front leg check from your opponent. As they are balanced on one leg, lean back and extend your foot straight down the middle to send them collapsing into a puddle of gullible shame.
As Obama said, these are the most sweeping restrictions on lobbying behavior that’s ever been implemented by a president, so it’s important to remember that. I think what this shows is that there are — the lobbying industry is just a very big part of the culture of Washington and that there are a lot of people who have worked on policy that end up lobbying from time to time. And there’s such a mix between lobbying and policy that it shows how difficult it is to draw a very bright line between lobbying and policy. Lobbyists, you have to remember, do have a lot of expertise. They have a lot of information. They do play an important role in how policy is developed. So that’s, you know, an important sort of thing to remember when we talk about lobbying.
When you are developing a game and tossing about words such as Master of Magic, Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic you immediately draw the usual cries of, “Oh great another attempt at a MoM sequel” but Eador has the foundation in place and looks like it just might pull it off.
The year following the coup was without question a major setback for the Egyptian revolution. Yet it is not over. From the beginning, the Egyptian revolution has been driven by deep objective processes: the impoverishment and exploitation of the working class internationally, and the escalating crisis of imperialism in the Middle East. A new stage of the revolution will begin, and the key task is to draw the necessary political lessons to prepare for it.
“It’s important to note, the algae don’t care where the phosphorus comes from,” Reutter said. He said he does not draw a distinction between commercial chemical fertilizers and manure.
"While the U.S. Navy is becoming a dangerous obstacle in Asian waters, China has been making joint efforts with the members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to draw up a Code of Conduct for the South China Sea and it has boosted navigational safety by constructing five lighthouses on its islands," the China Daily said.
Of course, families could draw down savings to buy homes and cars. But that’s an option not available to the government because it has no savings, only a large debt. Treating it and private individuals the same way, as balanced-budget supporters propose, would require the entire national debt to be paid off and a surplus accumulated before it would be permitted to make new investments in roads, bridges, buildings and other long-lived assets.
Much like the other 3D Classic titles, Thunder Blade makes exquisite use out of the new 3D visuals and hardware. One of the most striking elements is its depth of view during altering perspectives, and the new 3D visuals do well to enhance the view and sense of movement during the action. Though the draw distances unfortunately haven't been improved, I was still quite impressed with how the visuals sharpened up. Interestingly enough, the transition to 3D meant having to design the new visuals around the new perspectives independently, and layering them on top of one another.
UN Command standing orders forbade pilots from crossing the Chinese border. On December 17, Lieutenant Colonel Bruce H. Hinton led a finger-four formation of Sabres from the 336th Fighter Squadron on a patrol, a 485-mile (780 km) round trip, along the Yalu River, in an attempt to draw the MiG pilots into combat. The Sabre pilots stayed below 475 mph (765 km/h), to create the impression on radar screens that the Sabres were a slower aircraft. The slower speed and two 120-US-gallon (450 l; 100 imp gal) drop tanks on each F-86 also provided maximum air time. Forty minutes after take-off the Sabres were approaching the Yalu at 32,000 feet (9,800 m). Four MiGs were spotted 7,000 feet (2,100 m) below the Sabres and about to pass beneath them. The Americans jettisoned their drop tanks and as the MiGs passed below, the Sabres turned to the left and dived down at the Soviet fighters. When the MiG pilots realized that their adversaries were not older jets that they could be easily extend away from, they broke formation and headed for the border. Hinton caught up to the leader's wingman, Major Yakov Efromeenko, and fired 1,500 rounds of .50 caliber bullets. Smoke belched from its jet pipe and flames enveloped the tail section. After Efromeenko ejected, the MiG crashed about 10 miles (16 km) south of the Yalu.[3]
PF: Julius said he’s a Raider fan, I’m starting to hear that more and more. Leonard Williams from USC is a Raider fan, Coach Del Rio grew up a Raider fan, even you grew up a Raider fan. Now that you’ve been in the organization for a full season, what do you think it is that draws players and coaches to the Raiders?
Last December the same conservative activists who persuaded the Supreme Court to gut the Voting Rights Act challenged the historic principle of “one, person, one vote.” They asked the Court to require states to draw districts based on eligible or registered voters, as opposed to total population, which had been the standard for more than 50 years. If that happened, millions of people, including children and non-citizens, would have been denied political representation. Districts would have become older, whiter, more conservative and more favorable to Republicans. Ad Policy
Former MSNBC contributor Rula Jebreal drew widespread attention to the media divide when she condemned NBC News on air, on MSNBC, for pulling its only Arab-American correspondent, Ayman Mohyeldin, out of Gaza, only to reinstate him because of the backlash. “We are disgustingly biased on this issue,” she said.
Power draw and charging speeds
This was my own first foray into wireless charging, so I was interested in seeing how much power the charger used compared to a standard wired charger plus how this affected charging speeds. Using an ever handy Kill-A-Watt meter, I measured power draw at the wall for both the wireless charger and a standard micro USB charger (these figures are for the adapter that shipped with the 2013 Nexus 7, but the figures for the one that comes with the Nexus 5 were about the same). These figures were each taken when the phone's battery was mostly empty and with the screens turned off (the numbers will generally go up when the screen is on and the device is in active use, and they'll fall as you near the end of a charge cycle).
Device Power draw (micro USB) Power draw (wireless charger) Nexus 5 6.6 Watts 6.0 Watts Nexus 7 (2013) 7.5 Watts 6.1 Watts
The Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 will both draw more power through a micro USB charger than the wireless charger, which is par for the course—wireless charging usually isn't as fast as charging through a cable. These differences in power draw are reflected in charge times. The Nexus 7 takes about two hours and 56 minutes to charge using its power adapter, but six hours and six minutes to charge using the wireless charger. The wireless charger draws about 25 percent less power, but it takes 100 percent more time to charge the tablet. Keep in mind that the convenience of wireless charging also takes longer and is less efficient.
Palladio again, inside Grec’s head. She drew her knees up to her chest, and watched the reflected glow of the heatsticks dance on the smooth wall of the cave.
Ronald Bailey, the science columnist for Reason , heard NCSE's executive director Eugenie C Scott speak about the controversy at the James Randi Educational Foundation's event The Amazing Meeting V, and promptly went to Grand Canyon National Park to see A Different View for himself. He reports, "As I was buying it, I asked the clerk what she thought about it. 'We're not allowed to say anything about it,' she said covering her mouth with her hand in the 'Speak No Evil' monkey fashion. 'Oh come on,' I cajoled, but the clerk refused any further comment. Later I went in search of it at the other south rim Park Service bookstore at Desert View. In this much smaller bookstore, Vail's slender Flood geology volume was mixed in among the other photo books. Again, I asked this clerk what she thought, and she smiled and replied, 'All I will say is that it's got some really beautiful photographs'" (2007 Jan 26; available on-line at http://reason.com/news/show/118334.html). Acknowledging that the NPS-overseen bookstores carry books that present and discuss the creation myths of Native Americans, Bailey nevertheless drew the crucial distinction: "unlike books on native creation myths, Vail insists that he is making scientific claims about how rock layers are laid down, fossils formed and the canyon carved."
HAYES: But what you’re identifying, though, is precisely the nefarious ideological undercurrent of discussions about what's disqualifying. Because, I mean, that goes hand-in-glove with what Richard is saying. You’re saying the people that actually draw the lines around what’s disqualifying is the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. And like, frankly, that’s what’s going to decide if you're, like, a whacko.
The Shadow Chancellor argued that the Labour Party needs to draw upon its radical, co-operative tradition to find a way out of the current economic crisis. “With consortium co-operatives providing an effective means for new businesses to share and reduce costs, we’d look to support these at a local level, working with local authorities, businesses and trade unions,” he said.
It came after Brussels drew up an emergency plan relocate 160,000 refugees across the EU. However, Britain has opted out of the scheme is not obliged to accept a single extra migrant.
All of these transgressions, minor or major, may have started with a little fear of our egos. Milgram’s studies do not address the issue of why his participants administered the first 15 volts of shock. 100% of participants in his first study took this first step, so the data offer no clues as to why people might draw the line and not even take the first step. Through the lens of my own research, I suspect that something in this situation triggers egoistic concerns for participants; some fear or little anxiety was triggered. It wasn’t fear of losing their $4.50 payment for participating; Milgram assured subjects that the money was theirs to keep, no matter what. Instead, it was likely some fear of what noncompliance would mean about them (I wasted my time coming here; I’m not helpful; I’m the trouble-maker; I’m the one who screwed up science), or fear of being judged negatively by the experimenter. In some small, perhaps imperceptible way, noncompliance represented a threat to subjects’ self-image or public image.
The more I play the Star Wars LCG though, the more I’m learning to ‘unlearn what I have learned’ about card games. In particular, the way I value a card is drastically different in this game. If the structure of objective sets wasn’t enough, add in the fact that you can draw four or five cards just about every turn and card value is drastically different.
However, if I also have Princess Leia. who becomes insanely better when you can control when she leaves play, now I have four characters I can draw into that all my leave play effects work well with. Add in Bright Hope that comes with the Rebel Han that removes a token of any type from itself when another friendly unit leaves play, and you have lots of reasons to have characters leaving play. This is not to mention Sith damage decks that find ways of removing lots of units just about every turn!
Renegade Squadron Mobilization – This objective seems too good for the deck to not include. For starters, the objective itself pairs with A New Hope amazingly. I’ve had games where I draw 4-5 cards off of playing A New Hope. It also features Renegade Squadron, which is a great card. It’s especially great with Princess Leia being captured so often in this deck and it likely that Defense of Yavin 4 is on the board. The other really amazing synergy here is Echo Caverns. A great card in it’s own right, when Evacuation Procedure is out it becomes insane. Being able to use it on you and your opponents turn is just sick.
In the end, what I continue to learn about Star Wars is that the value of each card is drastically lower than in most other games. This has a lot to do with the draw mechanic, but also because so much more of this game happens outside of the stats that what is on a card. How you attack, with which units, and in which order makes all the difference. The player skill involved in using the tools at your disposal appropriately is immense. Even if a card doesn’t seem all that great at first, give it a try. It may not be tall enough to be a stormtrooper, but it might end up being quite a bit better than you think.
But it still goes to show the fun—and futility—of trying to track influences. With a bit of creativity, we can draw a line between any two points, however obscure. If anything, the ubiquitous and obvious trends are the most important. We don’t know everything that Rothfuss read or watched while crafting The Name of the Wind, but we can guarantee that he heard the Spice Girls. If a little bit of “2 Become 1” snuck in there… well, who would ever know?
As usual, Mike Henderson’s artwork is outstanding. He and colorist Adam Guzowski do a fantastic job rendering the issue’s many location and mood changes. I also love the way Henderson draws the returning character so differently from how we got used to seeing him/her before. As good as he is at drawing gore and scary guys in armor, Henderson’s ability to portray a character’s emotions and mental state might be his greatest strength.
There’s not a whole lot of action for Henderson to draw this issue, but Williamson’s great dialogue and carefully rationed revelations more than make up for it. ‘Bound by Blood’ is turning out to be a perfect example of why Nailbiter is one of the best comics being published right now.
The uprising is largely rooted in poorer sections of the Sunni community, our correspondent says, while the government draws its support mostly from Alawites, Christians and other minorities fearful of an Islamist takeover.
Even with the restriction of India's lead, and how long it took them to get there, there were problems for Australia. They had only faced more than 100 overs in the fourth innings of an Asian Test once, against Bangladesh, in 2006. The last time Australia batted an extended period to draw a game was six years ago in Sri Lanka. They hadn't won a series since then either. They had only batted 100 overs in their second innings in Asia 16 times.
This is a team that doesn't win series in Asia, doesn't bat out draws. Going into a final day with two wickets down, against the two best spinners in the world for these conditions, and a pit of despair outside the left-handers' off stump, this team was not equipped to draw this match. Not that Australia were the team that should have won in Pune, or stayed in the game in Bengaluru for as long as they did.
Matthew Wade and Virat Kohli shook hands and called it a draw after Australia had batted out 100 overs Associated Press
Kunstmann's conduct first drew scrutiny last year, when Culbertson noticed that what he read in the trooper's arrest report and heard when the trooper testified under oath in a deposition did not match his recollections of events.
So these activists rationally fear that preborn children who are detected with this gene will be aborted before they even have the chance to be born. After all, if 90% of babies in the womb who are diagnosed with Downs syndrome never draw their first breath, what are the chances that parents disposed to abortion will not exercise the same choice with regard to the gay gene?
The demonstrations, which often include stone-throwings, draw anarchists and opponents of the Jewish state from around the world.
With the winding down of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Washington is turning its sights elsewhere. Quietly, the Obama administration is building up a vast array of military resources in West Africa, and specifically in Portuguese-speaking Lusophone countries. Reportedly, the Pentagon wants to establish a monitoring station in the Cape Verde islands, while further south in the Gulf of Guinea U.S. ships and personnel are patrolling local waters. Concerned lest it draw too much attention to itself, the Pentagon has avoided constructing large military installations and focused instead on a so-called “lily pad” strategy of smaller bases. In SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe, an island chain in the Gulf of Guinea and former Portuguese colony, the Pentagon may install one such “under the radar” base, and U.S. Navy Seabees are already engaged in construction work at the local airport.
Greetings, nephalem!Season 1 is about to draw to a close, and we wanted to give players an opportunity to prepare for the start of the new season with some dates and times to plan around.Season 1 will be ending at the following dates and times for each region:Season 2 will be starting at the following dates and times for each region:For time zone assistance, click here We look forward to seeing you in Season 2!*Please note that Era 1 will end at the same time as Season 1. For more information, please click here
Speaking at the Republican Jewish Coalition candidate forum on Dec. 3, Donald Trump drew the ire of a few audience members when he wouldn't clarify whether he recognized Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel. (Reuters)
The destruction of Vulcan, one of the most crucial planets in the "Star Trek" legendarium, should be at the core of J.J. Abrams’ films. It is the single development that most distinguishes the original TV and movie series from Abrams’ reboot, an event so boldly imagined that it marks the filmmakers’ new, blank canvas with a hideous dark stain. And yet for the most part, the new films draw around the stain, not treating it quite as an afterthought, but not engaging with it as fully as they ought to.
The two sets at the Capitol drew from across the Primus discography, and what was most encouraging was how the best songs from 2011’s Green Naughahyde – particularly the frank, let’s-funk-our-way-through-the-pain “Jilly’s On Smack” and the mutant bounce of “Lee Van Cleef” – have integrated with the expected Primus highs of tunes like “Jerry Was a Race Car Driver.” I don’t share the opinion that “Naughahyde” is any great leap forward for the band, but a solid collection to keep pace – if not quite on par –with the Frizzle Fry era of Primus output and convince us that with all the other things occupying Claypool’s creative space, returning to Primus isn’t just a nostalgia trip.
Gray's accident sparked a nationwide debate after a nurse caring for him at the University of Utah Burn Center was arrested after she refused to allow a a Salt Lake City Police detective to draw his blood without a warrant.
Nurse Alex Wubbels explained to the officer that Gray could not consent to the blood draw because he was unconscious. Detective Jeff Payne's body camera captured footage of him roughly grabbing Wubbels and physically pulling her out of the hospital as she wept and screamed for help.
The video drew widespread outrage, culminating in the hospital changing its rules to not allow police to speak with nurses and staff.
The move comes a day after Gov. Christie told NBC New York in an interview that "people who call in sick better be sick." Christie issued his warning ahead of another labor rally that drew thousands on Thursday.
As of Saturday afternoon, the Blackhawks still didn't know if they'd be facing the Detroit Red Wings or San Jose Sharks in the Western Conference Semifinal round. For Keith and defense partner Niklas Hjalmarsson, that question also meant wondering what star's line they'd draw as an assignment -- Pavel Datsyuk or Joe Thornton.
Male impersonators were also a regular feature on British music hall circuits where performers like Vesta Tilley drew large audiences. These women performed risqué songs while dressed as young men. Part of the thrill was that audience could see their legs! Lower-class women had, of course, been wearing work trousers for centuries. During the Victorian era, leather trousers were associated with the “pit brow lasses” of Lancashire. Women who chose to wear “men’s clothes” outside of these contexts risked a more negative response from their communities. Cross-dressing was a moral issue. By the early twentieth century, dressing in masculine clothes was gradually being associated with lesbianism. Trousers were associated with clear contexts: politicised fashion and distinct regional trades. They were not associated with respectable miner’s wives, at least not in the Durham area. The fact that it was Lizzie, a woman who may have already attracted negative comments from her community, probably added to the children’s response. She was an extrovert and in her own words, “a bit rough and ready”. She had tattoos, liked a drink, and on at least one occasion ended up in a fight, an event which she enjoyed describing when she was interviewed in her mid-80s.
“I also want to give a shout out to British BJJ because man, we had some good guys there like Bradley Hill and Viking Wong – they were very unlucky. They both drew Alan ‘Finfou’ Nascimento, so yeah, the UK smashed pretty much the whole thing and it showed that BJJ is improving a lot in the UK and it’s really nice to see. I couldn’t be more happy man. I just want to fly out there, do my best and bring home some medals.”
Day had Bicknell draw up a contract to define the terms of the girls' indenture. Within one year, he would choose which girl he intended to marry, and the other would be given as an apprentice to a woman in a trade, along with a fee of £100 (equivalent to £13,630 in 2018). He would give a further £400 (equivalent to £54,519 in 2018) upon the girl's marriage or if she were to start her own business. He would marry his intended bride or, if he decided not to, would gift her the sum of £500 (equivalent to £68,149 in 2018). Bicknell acted as guarantor for the contract.
That characterization may have been a mistake. Attendees took offense at the notion that, by defending the literal validity of the GPLv2, a license Moglen himself had been instrumental in creating, they would somehow be made responsible for a hypothetical demise of the free-software movement. As the morning sessions drew to a close, there was the prevalent feeling that the CDDL-GPL issue had opened a rift in the FOSS legal community.
Finan draws on a wealth of experience developed over several years of high-level government service. Finan served in the military during the Iraq war. After spending two years at a startup, he joined the Obama administration in 2009. He worked on cybersecurity policy, first at the Pentagon and then at the White House. He left government service in 2012 and now works for a Silicon Valley startup that helps companies protect their customers' accounts from being hijacked.
He drew inspiration from his surroundings, particularly Pendlebury, near Manchester, where he lived from 1909 to 1948.
The 18-year-old student from St. Cloud faces a charge of criminal damage to property, according to a police report, and university officials called the case a bias crime. The student allegedly drew a swastika on a desk in a public part of the 17th Avenue Residence Hall, where he lives.
Over two months into President Trump’s administration, some Members of Congress are growing concerned about the administration’s failure to respond to letters requesting information or urging a specific action, a common tool Congress uses to conduct oversight. In March, Democratic Members of Congress catalogued 107 letters they had sent to the executive branch that have not been answered. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley (IA) has on multiple occasions sought to draw the White House’s attention to his unanswered letters through Twitter. On February 12, he ended a tweet with an all capital-letters demand: “WH: ANSWER MY LETTER.” An earlier Grassley tweet in January asked President Trump to order all agencies to respond to requests for records by any Senator.
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
this trailer for it , and after finally getting to see it this weekend I really wanted to draw something from it. What an absolutely gorgeous film... I had loved Laika's previous film "Coraline" based on the Neil Gaiman novel, but they surely have topped themselves with the stop-motion animation in this latest release.The story is a rich one with themes of remembrance and loss, incorporating mad moon rulers, feuding immortal sisters and magic formed from emotional bonds... so it's rather up my alley. Plus it has a sword wielding protector monkey, an archer beetle (or a beetle archer?), legendary swords and armor, epic origami and more all wrapped up in an engaging hero's quest. It really is a fun and touching time at the theater that I can't recommend enough!
I’ve asked Dan and Kevin to meet me today because I’m enlisting them as the guinea pigs for a new writing project I’m embarking on. It’s been nearly four years since I moved to Los Angeles for college, and in just a few months, I’ll be continuing to live here without the backbone of university to keep me steady. In my time in L.A. I’ve bounced between many career dreams: first I wanted to be an actor, then a screenwriter, then a stand-up comedian, then a journalist, and now my passions lie in the murky gray area between the want for all of these things. I’ve found pieces of success in each of these arenas, but as the deadline to start making a real career for myself draws nearer, I find myself almost choking on fear. Here in the epicenter of The Industry (capital letters) it’s easy to grow desperate at the massive amounts of wealth success that surround you.
For a Congress that struggled to pass even the most basic of bills, the 113th didn't lack for imaginative proposals. Squelched in committee, locked in legislative logjam, and buried in obscurity were bills that would do everything from eliminating federal agencies to micromanaging D.C. traffic enforcement. As the year draws to a close, let's take a look back at some of the best congressional pipe dreams, organized by their likelihood of passage, as determined by GovTrack.
“With the downward pressure on the economy increasing, the contradiction between development and protection has become more prominent,” the cabinet said.Under the plan, authorities in Beijing, the capital, its neighboring city of Tianjin and the northern province of Hebei, and those along the Yangtze River economic belt will draw up eco-protection “red lines” by the end of 2017.
Other provinces and cities will have to draw up such “red lines” by the end of 2018, the cabinet said.
The attempt to bury Tory ghosts drew accusations of betrayal from Thatcher aides such as Ingham, who remarked: "I wonder whether David Cameron is a Conservative."
The last big rally, on 24 December, drew as many as 100,000 people to central Moscow in the biggest anti-government demonstration since Soviet times.
That butterfly floats through Migration is Beautiful, a video recently posted on rapper Pharrell Williams’ i am OTHER YouTube channel that’s been making the rounds of blogs. The three-part series follows artists, designers, and performers who have been using the arts to campaign for migrant justice in Arizona, at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, and in actions across the country. A prominent generator of new iconography has been No Papers No Fear, an advocacy group that put out a call for images to express the migrants’ struggle. Many of the artists who responded drew clearly on the precedent of ’60s activist art.
It’s a dense and at times exhausting read. But Goldacre has done a decent job of making the issue accessible to a wide audience with a direct interest, from patients to practising doctors and academics. You can skim a lot of the book to get the general gist, or you can read it in details without following the links, or you can dig into research material he drew on and has laid out in meticulous footnotes and citations. He concludes the original edition with practical suggestions about what individual people can do to improve things, often simply by asking questions.
Five and a half years later, Pritchard draws the play up for me on a whiteboard in the quarterbacks meeting area in the Arrillaga Family Sports Center. On the other side of the building, the Axe rests safely in its true home for a third straight offseason. Down the hall sits a 2013 Rose Bowl trophy that not even the most biased Stanford fan — and I rank up there — could have imagined before 2007. Outside stands the skeleton of a new, 28,350-square-foot addition that will serve as the new home of the burgeoning football offices.
The US hasn't disclosed any of those things. The Pentagon has hinted that the offensive would begin at the end of October or in early November, given a very broad estimate of the number of troops that will take part, and made the obvious points that the Kurds stationed north of the city would attack from the north while the Iraqi and tribal forces operating south of Mosul would move up from the south. It's hard to imagine the US getting more specific as the fighting draws nearer.
Zach Lieberman of the Graffiti Research Lab started working on the EyeWriter with one man in mind: Los Angeles-based graffiti artist Tony Quan. In 2003, Quan was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, leaving virtually every muscle in his body paralyzed except for his eyes. Lieberman and developers from Free Art and Technology, OpenFrameworks and the Ebeling Group were inspired to create low-cost, open-source hardware and software for eye-tracking to help Quan draw again.
Quan can draw lines and color within them, though graffiti-writing with the EyeWriter is nowhere near as fast as shaking up a can of spray paint and drawing by hand.
Kodama: Regarding the 3D, we would get an image of the dungeon in our head and draw them out on paper, but there were little details that bugged us and it wasn’t getting across to the programmers as we had envisioned it. Yuji Naka learned of this and, on his own, made a wireframe 3D imaging program expressly for us. That program was also the start of Shibata learning to draw 3D graphics. That was what was amazing about Yuji: he would never just say “that can’t be done” to a planning or design idea. He thought about our wishes seriously and would always figure out some ingenuous way to make our ideas possible. He was very considerate of the designer’s vision, in other words.
Amos Lee, 4/29, GEN, 3:25p: Amos Lee has opened for Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Norah Jones, Van Morrison, John Prine, Adele and many more. Those endorsements should be enough to draw fans of the old school singer songwriter style to his blend of soul and folk.
BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet, 5/6, FDD, 2:45p: Fiddler Doucet’s venerable Cajun band was the first of its genre to win a Grammy in 1998. Their sound draws on eclectic influences ranging far beyond Acadiana, from bluegrass to West African music and more.
Davell Crawford, 5/5, BLU, 2:45p: Grandson of the late New Orleans R&B great James “Sugarboy” Crawford, Davell is an energetic keyboardist and soulful singer whose repertoire draws on R&B, jazz and gospel.
Daymé Arocena of Cuba, 5/7, BLU, 11:15a, CUB, 1:50p: Singer composer and choir director, Daymé Arocena, approaches jazz, soul and classical influences with an innate sense of rhythm. Born and raised in Havana, Arocena’s music draws inspiration from the Caribbean island’s different rhythms and styles from Guantanamo’s fast-paced changüí, to guaguancó and ’70s-style ballads.
Johnny Sansone, 4/28, BLU, 11:20a: A multi-instrumentalist who draws from swamp-rock, blues and zydeco, Sansone has two aces in the hole: his songwriting and his gut-shaking harmonica solos.
Leroy Jones & New Orleans’ Finest, 4/28, ECO, 3p: Jones draws on his experience with the Fairview Baptist Church Brass Band to play traditional New Orleans brass band music in a variety of popular bands around town, most of which perform regularly at Preservation Hall.
Leyla McCalla, 5/5, LAG, 2:20p: This talented multi-instrumentalist and singer draws on the traditions of Haitian, Creole, Cajun and French music on her latest album, A Day For the Hunter, A Day for the Prey. It’s a socially aware and politically minded follow-up to her widely praised 2013 debut.
Having conversations about history, politics, sectarian identity and, really anything, to do with current events can lead to many security complications for a curious wanderer in Asad-ruled Syria. I was hesitant but the old fellow wanted to get a lot off his chest. I also felt somewhat safe since he seemed to believe that President Hafez al-Asad, who had died seven years prior to our encounter, was still alive and well. This old man would be an unlikely informant for the secret police, I thought. His most memorable line was “those who hated your grandfather are unlikely to be kind to you. I am an Alawite and I spit on anyone who has the slightest problem with that.” His gripe with the Sunnis extended from what he had seen during their uprising in the early 1980s, when “they killed the flower of the Alawite community” to hundreds of years back when they hounded his ancestors out of the cities and plains of Syria into their mountain redoubts. He also drew a line from the past into the future: “If they come at us again, President Hafez will smash them again. And in the worst case scenario, if we lose the rest of Syria, then we will fight them on this mountain, and go our separate ways, as we did before.” This was said to me in the summer of 2007. The stirrings of the Syrian civil war were still five years away. The old man was short on short-term memory, but history gave him the long view into the past, and into the future. A view that was at once cautionary about what to expect, and instructive as to what should be done.
The motif of going back to the basics has a rich tradition in Islamic dogma, and thus the method and argumentation of the modern jihadists would not strike their ideological cousins, or the audience at large, as contrived. The medieval Syrian jurist, Ibn Taymiyya, writing at a time of Muslim decline following the Mongol invasions and the sacking of Baghdad, also argued for revisiting the early days of Islam to recapture the vitality of the faith. He inspired many later movements, most notably, in the eighteenth century, the Wahhabis of the Arabian Peninsula, who put his theories into practice to much martial success over successive attempts spanning three centuries. The vast majority of today’s Salafists draw inspiration from Ibn Taymiyya and the creeds he launched. The very meaning of the Arabic word ‘salaf’ connotes that community of early Islam, when it was pure, pristine and powerful, or so they believe. It also helps that Wahhabism eventually became the credo of modern, deep-pocketed Saudi Arabia. ‘Going back to the basics’ is a well-funded and widely propagated idea. The jihadists of the Islamic State were merely stretching it further.
Shi’ism, at heart, is a movement of restitution. Throughout the ages the Shias have justified their cause by citing what they perceive to be Sunni persecution of Muhammed’s dynasty, one whose claim to power was usurped, principally by the first three caliphs. They can cite one incident after another, stretching back 1,400 years, of how the prophet’s family had been wronged. The seminal event occurred in Karbala, on the day of Ashura, in 680 AD. Muhammad’s grandson, Hussein, was massacred along with most of his family. The battle is re-enacted every year among Shia communities, in all its gore and drama, so much so that those portraying the bad guys may get assaulted and chased down through the streets by incensed mobs. History is ever-present, or as one Shia thinker coined it, “Every land is Karbala, every day is Ashura.” The fabric of time collapses and folds unto itself as the past is intensely remembered while the future draws nearer with the eschatological expectation of the savior, the Mahdi, descended as he is from Hussein’s loin, who shall right all wrongs. But should his arrival be delayed, Shi’ism can rapidly mobilize for the purpose of revanchism, striking back at the wrong-doers. We are witnessing such as an outbreak now, one that some Shia strategists in Tehran would like to see reshaping the Middle East. I have termed it ‘Shia chauvinism’ whose endgame would be to partition off Shia majority cantons around the Middle East, because Shias cannot go on living with Sunnis in unitary countries. There was too much bad blood, too much history, between the two sects.
By our Catholic faith, we see that God has created us for happiness – for union with Him – and that He has instilled in us both a capacity and desire for Himself so that we might seek to do His will and to draw ever closer to Him. This desire and capacity seems to have two dimensions or aspects, which I call "unitive" on the one hand, and "infusive" on the other. The "unitive" aspect is one in which we desire and seek after unity or oneness with God, with other people, and with creation; it could be characterized as contemplative, peaceful, quiet, or restful. The "infusive" aspect, as I call it, is a desire to be filled with and transformed by the Holy Spirit; this aspect could be characterized as charismatic, active, or apostolic. This twofold capacity and desire for unity and for infusion I call the "mystical impulse."
Outward-facing sensors would also detect the environment of the wearer, locate users sharing the space, and track gestures performed by the wearer. Numerous mentions of "time-of-flight depth camera" systems also draw parallels with similar technology included in the updated Kinect 2.0 that will ship alongside the upcoming Xbox One console. These could be used to scan the space before determining which games may be the most appropriate for the given play space.
Speaking at the Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Writing Festival in Harrogate on Friday night (18th July), in conversation with Val McDermid, the author drew applause from the audience when she confirmed there was an "open-ended" series planned. "I love writing these books. One of the things I love about this genre is that - unlike Harry [the Harry Potter series] where there is an overarching story, here you are talking about discrete stories. So as long as your detective lives you can give him cases."
“When the first English foot was placed in Virginia, it was here on these grounds that once served as a central part of the area’s plantation life in the 1600s through 1800s,” boasts the website of the Kingsmill Resort in Williamsburg, which draws a discrete veil over whatever events in the 1800s may have caused that to end.
The normally humorless First Minister drew laughter when he speculated that if negotiating were an Olympic sport, “we would enter a team, we would win a gold medal, and we would then start negotiating to decide what flag and anthem we would have.”
For myriad reasons White was opposed to bringing women into the UFC, even as pioneers such as Gina Carano became a viable draw for other companies. He just didn't think there were enough elite competitors and too often fights were lopsided, which he struggled watching.
Sacramento Republic were in preseason form in their 1-0 loss to the Colorado Rapids in the first preseason game of the year. A late goal by Colorado Rapids defender AJ Cochran broke the deadlock between the two teams, taking away what looked to be an earned draw by the Republic.
Show me someone who publicly insists that the United States has an effective counterterrorism strategy, and I’ll show you someone who draws a paycheck from the U.S. government.
Or maybe they don’t — and can’t — know that they don’t know what the rest of us know. Maybe no one draws their attention to critical reports. Maybe the internal critics — of whom there are clearly many — censor themselves when they’re around the president and his inner circle.
Another program to reduce police use of force, the formation of the Crisis Intervention Team (CIT), also drew praise from DOJ officials but they point out that the department again fell short in how and when the team trained to deal with mentally ill people is used.
There is much talk of Barcelona's magnificent trident of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar, but they would not be nearly as dangerous if they did not have Sergi Roberto tearing up the flank to their right, as Dani Alves did before him. What's more, Roberto is smart enough to exploit the space these players draw away from him.
No one could say with certainty what prompted Morphy’s slow decline, but the discovery of his genius in 1846 remained legendary. Morphy, at age 9, was sitting on his family’s back porch as his uncle and father, a justice on the Louisiana State Supreme Court, played chess. After several hours, the men declared the match a draw and moved to sweep away the pieces. Morphy stopped them. “Uncle,” he said, “you should have won that game.” He maneuvered the pieces and explained: “Here it is: check with the rook, now the king has to take it, and the rest is easy.” And he was right.
President Barack Obama nominated openly gay Justice Department attorney Todd Hughes to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday, a move that drew praise from LGBT groups. Hughes would be the first openly gay judge to sit on the federal appeals court bench if confirmed by the Senate.
On March 28th, Obama held a meeting in the White House with five advocates for greater transparency in government. During the discussion, the President drew a sharp distinction between whistle-blowers who exclusively reveal wrongdoing and those who jeopardize national security. The importance of maintaining secrecy about the impending raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound was likely on Obama’s mind. The White House has been particularly bedevilled by the ongoing release of classified documents by WikiLeaks, the group led by Julian Assange. Last year, WikiLeaks began releasing a vast trove of sensitive government documents allegedly leaked by a U.S. soldier, Bradley Manning; the documents included references to a courier for bin Laden who had moved his family to Abbottabad—the town where bin Laden was hiding out. Manning has been charged with “aiding the enemy.”
Larry Wells, whose late wife, Dean Faulkner Wells, was William Faulkner's niece said Monday that if Mississippi lawmakers feel compelled to designate a state book, they should draw on the state's native talent.
To demonstrate their control over the qubits in their array, the researchers changed the states of selected atoms in three of the stacked planes in order to draw the letters P, S, and U—the letters that represent Penn State University—as shown in the image above.
Implications for recovery of additional MCE data files MCE data files that remain missing could provide further insights into the diet-heart hypothesis (table D in appendix). For example, there is a suggestion that high linoleic acid intake could adversely affect those who are known to have increased linoleic acid oxidation, including smokers, heavy drinkers, those with established coronary heart disease, and older adults.14 With additional data recovery one could determine whether the high linoleic acid diet had deleterious effects in these subgroups. The partial recovery of 149 heart and aorta autopsy files provides an intriguing clue that the intervention might have had unfavorable effects. As 146 heart and aorta files and the data on the full cohort of 295 autopsied brains remain missing, however, one cannot draw conclusions from these provisional findings. It is highly unlikely that a diet-heart trial of the size and scope of the MCE will ever be conducted again so it is essential that these missing autopsy files are recovered and analyzed as specified in the 1967 MCE grant application and FORTRAN coding sheets.6 19 20 21
To draw more of the general public, Westfield which manages the shopping center next to the park, is planning a summerful of concerts, movies, art shows, food trucks, farmer’s markets and special events, said Vice President Kim Brewer.
Directions: Mask the mat with the tape. Hand draw the racetracks with a pencil, then cover the desired areas with painter’s tape. Then paint over with black paint. Make sure not to add the paint directly to the mat but instead in the paint brush and apply lightly brush strokes on top of the tape edges.
Try replacing S(7,1) with S(8,1). It will take longer but draw a bigger picture.
No one is saying you leave in Hit // Run against Ghazi-Glare... But it proved a fine spell in the main, and let's remember Terry had probably the best overall Swiss record of the largest Pro Tour in history! In fact, it is all the little things, like bravely playing two seemingly disparate spells next to one another to form a more powerful deck that can sometimes give you the edge you need to succeed in tournament trials. Anyone can win a blowout, and most people know how to take advantage of a manascrew, but it is the little things that often draw the line between early exit and tournament victory. This article is dedicated to discussing some of those small elements and explaining why they make sense in the current Standard format.
Howling Mine is one of those cards that seems to creep up every couple of years to kick butt at some National Championships or sneak a couple of roguish Izzet decks into the Top 8 of a Standard Pro Tour. It is a "symmetrical" card, and worse yet, gives your opponent the first chance to draw the extra card (back in the days of Turbo Stasis, the worst was when you played Howling Mine, the opponent drew two, and then Disenchanted your key engine piece - up a card - before you ever had a chance yourself). How can it be good? Isn't Henke's deck just a bad look at Boros? And what about Owling Mine from Honolulu? Is it any wonder that Antoine and Tiago got face planted as badly as they did by the tournament finalists?
Certainly the recent Howling Mine decks would rather get, um, any other pairing than a burn or Boros or Zoo deck, but it is very interesting to look at the card outside the context of those decks. For instance many Standard Blue decks spend all kinds of mana on their own turns for Jushi Apprentice, Compulsive Research, Tidings, and even Invoke the Firemind. The majority of Standard Black decks have this awful 2/1, sort of like a personal Howling Mine, but one that makes you pay eight life to flip over your anti-Howling Mine card (see above). The point is other decks put tons of effort and main phase mana into their draw engines... Howling Mine equalizes the board. Frankly a B/W deck can't kill Howling Mine, at least in the main - they're pretty much stuck with it. All of a sudden you are keeping pace with Maher and Compulsive Research and they have so many cards they are discarding.
If they're discarding, that means that they're not really getting any card advantage at all, that any extra cards they are drawing might be classified as better selection, still good, but no longer legitimately getting ahead of the game despite an investment in draw engines. Meanwhile Henke's deck is so mana efficient with its many one-mana threats that it is not discarding, and is in fact aiming Lava Spikes and Lightning Helixes annoyingly at the opponent's face every turn until he is dead.
First and foremost, Remand is cheap. Even if it is not a permanent counterspell, Remand answers a threat in the short term immediately and for just two mana. In this way, it is reliably, like Spell Snare, one of the only counters in Standard that is consistently less expensive than the card it is fighting. The cheap cost of Remand is a selling point in that Blue players can keep land light hands in the early game, buy a turn with Remand, and draw into additional lands. Because Blue players just need time to win (that is, they aren't being killed by a Scab-Clan Mauler), running this card as even a temporary measure gives them a tremendous advantage. Just countering a second turn Watchwolf against Zoo is often like drawing between four and seven cards for a Blue player because an unopposed Watchwolf might outright kill him... The additional time the Blue player buys with that little Remand literally gives him additional topdecks that he would not otherwise have.
One of the strong artifact interactions of the Kuroda-style Red deck that Josh Ravitz used to make Top 8 of last year's U.S. National Championship was Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast. Josh would flip the Top, and with the draw on the stack, sacrifice the Top to face the opponent for five. This didn't net card advantage, but it kept him even because even though the Top didn't actually make it to the top of Josh's library, the game still gave him a card. Two mana to deal five damage to a creature or player with no drawback and digging a card deeper in your deck? This is the kind of "little thing" that you have to know to get maximum advantage from your cards.
Today, there is a similar tactic, reminiscent of both Mishra's Bauble plus Remand and Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast: Sensei's Divining Top plus Repeal. With this play, you flip your Top to draw a card, but with the draw on the stack, Repeal your own Top. You get your Top in hand, your Repeal replacement, and the card you were supposed to get from the Top. Rather than smashing the opponent for one quarter of his life total, this one just nets cards.
Hemingway left cottage country a few months later, but, rather than returning to Toronto, he took up residence in an apartment in Chicago while still writing weekly features for the Star. In a piece dated November 6, 1920, Hemingway draws a number of comparisons between wild and bustling Chicago, and pious, soporific Toronto.
Mekdad drew attention to the fact that under the Article 5 of the of the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the use of the toxic agents is allowed only for preventing civil disorder and prohibited for use in warfare.
He was pronounced dead on arrival at a hospital, he said, but surgeons revived him for a long and painful recovery. The thin borderline between life and death still seems to draw him.
TO GO WITH AFP STORY by Leila Macor, US-politics-immigration-Internet Migrant workers harvest strawberries at a farm in this March 13, 2013 file photo near Oxnard, California. A new system that will require all US employers to check if job applicants are authorized to work, risks being a bureaucratic nightmare for immigrants and US citizens alike, critics say. The E-Verify system, part of a comprehensive immigration reform package passed by the US Senate last month, draws on official databases to decide if an individual has the right to work in the United States. The reform package -- which must still be approved by the House of Representatives -- also calls for the US-Mexico border fence to be bolstered as well as implementing E-Verify nationally. AFP PHOTO/JOE KLAMARJOE KLAMAR/AFP/Getty Images less TO GO WITH AFP STORY by Leila Macor, US-politics-immigration-Internet Migrant workers harvest strawberries at a farm in this March 13, 2013 file photo near Oxnard, California. A new system that will require all ... more Photo: JOE KLAMAR Photo: JOE KLAMAR Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Trump policies will move California’s berry production to Mexico 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Spell cards draw randomly every time.
Journalists, experts, and politicians are keen to draw or deny a causal relationship between Houston's lack of zoning and Harvey's destruction. A voice that breaks through the discordant noise is Mayor Sylvester Turner's, who tweeted, "Zoning wouldn't have changed anything. We would have been a city with zoning that flooded."
Meanwhile, the 29-year-old McCall recently halted a three-fight winless streak (a draw and loss to Demetrious Johnson, as well as a defeat to Joseph Benavidez) with a unanimous-decision win over Iliarde Santos in August. “Uncle Creepy” picked up a “Fight of the Night” bonus for the effort. However, he’s now pulled out of two consecutive bouts after being forced to withdraw from a planned matchup with Scott Jorgensen that was slated to take place at December’s UFC on FOX 9 event.
YAYLADAGI, Turkey (Reuters) - When nine-year old Ilaf Hassun drew a picture of her home she scrawled a simple house, trees and clouds with smiling faces. Then in thick red pen, she added the figure of a woman clutching her dead child walking towards a cemetery.
“They draw tanks, war planes, dead people, wounded children, crying mothers. Drawings are the evidence of their trauma, the reflection of their inner worlds,” Dolgun said.
The HUD is kept discrete, with item icons only appearing when I draw close to something of use. Meanwhile, major, tangential decisions are indicated through a blinking butterfly symbol to the top-right. This is a bit of a fourth wall breaker, but it tells me that picking up a pair of scissors is a something of a breakthrough for Ashley's future prospects. Or perhaps not. My choice to play it confident and venture down to the cellars is a potential fork in the road too, but what if I'd taken a more cautious tact? And how significant were the fake newspapers I found planted in the corridor corner?
The government says Rowland “devised a scheme” to work for Republican congressional candidates and even drew up phony contracts to hide his involvement from the regulators.
I am certainly not alone. Every day, black women like Feminista Jones, Franchesca Ramsey, Melissa Harris-Perry, Imani Gandy, Jamilah Lemieux and countless others – women whose very presence helps make social media profitable for corporations like Facebook and Twitter, women who’s insightful social commentary draw millions of people to these platforms – face regular, coordinated campaigns of abuse aimed at forcing them off of the internet.
the NBA is tipping off the 1996-97 season with the New York Knicks against the Toronto Raptors at Toronto's SkyDome. Toronto wasalso the site of the league's very first game on Nov. 1, 1946, with the Huskies hosting the New York Knickerbockers at Maple Leaf Gardens. The contest drew 7,090, a good crowd considering that virtually every youngster in Canada grew up playing hockey and basketball was hardly a well-known sport at the time.
But this week Co-ParentMatch.com, an international network of sperm donors, has put out a call for fire-haired men in a bid to meet demand and also to stop the dying out of redheads in the population. They are using the hashtag SaveGingers to draw attention to their pro-ranga campaign.
Law enforcement agencies may search and seize computers and compel an ISP to intercept and store data from those suspected of committing a crime. Such actions require a lawful warrant. As will be discussed below, law enforcement no longer requires a warrant to access, review, and store metadata. The collection and monitoring of the content of communication falls within the purview of the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979 (TIAA). Call-charge records, however, are regulated by the Telecommunications Act 1997 (TA).[53] It is prohibited for ISPs and similar entities, acting on their own, to monitor and disclose the content of communications without the customer’s consent.[54] Unlawful collection and disclosure of the content of a communication can draw both civil and criminal sanctions.[55] The TIAA and TA explicitly authorize a range of disclosures, including to specified law enforcement and tax agencies, all of which require a warrant. ISPs are currently able to monitor their networks without a warrant for “network protection duties,” such as curtailing malicious software and spam.[56]
Power control is one of the most essential motherboard designs. Intelligent CPU power draw detection with ASUS DIGI+ Power Control is an innovative, industry-leading technology that fully complies with Intel® VRD12.5 specifications, increasing overclocking potential, enhancing system stability, and improving power efficiency with superior flexibility and accurate control.
TriMet is the nation’s first transit agency to test and operate buses cooled by a NASCAR-inspired electrified cooling system. Traditional systems draw up to 50 horsepower off the engine, draining power and consuming fuel. The electrified cooling system uses less engine power, resulting in approximately 5 percent better fuel economy. The system also significantly cuts maintenance time and costs and is safer to maintain. Additionally, a drivetrain computer in the engine compartment of each bus saves fuel and improves driving safety. It monitors the engine, transmission and braking system, and uses the data to adjust acceleration, braking, traction control and fuel injection.
Editor's Picks President Trump draws crowd at LPGA major Some golfers remained focused. Others waited for the motorcade to pass through. President Donald Trump's appearance Friday at the U.S. Women's Open at Trump National Bedminster caught the attention of everyone on the course.
The event was expected to draw protesters critical of the U.S. Golf Association, which operates the tournament, for not moving it to a different venue after audio surfaced last year in which Trump made derogatory comments about women.
University of Ulster professor Richard Lynn will draw the conclusion in new research due to be published in the journal Intelligence , the Times Higher Education Supplement reports.
The September/October 2011 edition of Relevant magazine includes a remarkable article, (Almost) Everyones Doing It. In it, Tyler Charles draws upon data gathered by the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unwanted Pregnancy and informs us that forty-two percent of Evangelical singles between the ages of eighteen and twenty-nine are currently in a sexual relationship, twenty-two percent have had sex in the past year, and an additional ten percent have had sex at least once. Assuming the accuracy of Charles data, this means only twenty percent of young Evangelical singles have remained abstinent.
When the grand coalition fell apart in June 1920, Schober looked like the man of the hour to many. He was known to be close to the pan-German cause but still considered nonpartisan. Ignaz Seipel, chairman of the Christian Social Party, was reluctant to assume the chancellorship because of the difficult decisions and general hardship he knew still lay ahead; he wanted someone else to do the dirty work. Schober was respected across party divides for his competence and effectiveness. He also enjoyed a reputation for personal integrity, an important point in a country sick of corruption and nepotism. All but unanimously, the new National Council invited Schober to draw up a list of ministers. When Schober chose Josef Redlich as his minister of finance, a post that Redlich had already held for a short while during the final days of the collapsing Empire, the Greater German People's Party vetoed Redlich on the grounds that Redlich was Jewish. Schober bowed out. Michael Mayr became chancellor in his stead.
Another media storm followed after Akie was seen later that month offering prayers at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, the site of the devastating Japanese attack that drew the U.S. into World War II. This prompted speculation that her husband would become the first Japanese prime minister to do likewise, but no such visit materialized.
While a series of home draws has left United eleven points behind leaders Chelsea, Mourinho's characteristic - and unfashionable - refusal to 'dump' participation in either the League Cup and Europa League last night left him as the only Premier League manager still competing for silverware on four fronts.
Kennedy's answers drew criticism from some Metro Morning listeners:
He wasn’t. The day after the attack, on September 12, he gave a Rose Garden speech in which he said, in reference to the assault, “No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation.” At campaign stops that day and the next, he again referred to the Benghazi assault as “an act of terror.” A McClatchy report sums up the evidence: “In the first 48 hours after the deadly Sept. 11 attacks on U.S. diplomatic outposts in Libya, senior Obama administration officials strongly alluded to a terrorist assault and repeatedly declined to link it to an anti-Muslim video that drew protests elsewhere in the region, transcripts of briefings show.”
In 2008, the CEO of British Petroleum (BP), Tony Hayward, announced that BP's safety record, which was one of his key foci as head of BP, was “now among the best in our industry” (BP, 2008). Under his leadership, BP ran operational safety training sessions for its employees and encouraged a culture of safety in an effort to attend to key stakeholders such as employees, the community, and the environment (Kolmar, 2007). However, in 2010, the Deepwater Horizon explosion shattered BP's positive safety record when managers missed key safety warning signs, resulting in the loss of 11 lives and creating the worst offshore oil spill in United States history (Jervis & Levin, 2010; Rogers, 2010). Moreover, Hayward's reaction to the spill was seen as cold and perceived as minimizing BP's responsibility for the spill as well as the environmental damage to the Gulf of Mexico (Korosec, 2010; Zarroli, 2010). Following from such instances of corporate wrongdoing, business practitioners and academics have dedicated increased attention to firms’ corporate social responsibility (CSR), which refers to firm behavior that goes beyond compliance or legal requirements to provide some social good (McWilliams & Siegel, 2001). One prominent approach to understanding CSR is the stakeholder approach in which a firm is deemed socially responsible when its actions attend to the interests of not only its shareholders but also other firm stakeholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007). Drawing on this stakeholder approach, researchers have focused on understanding the antecedents and consequences of CSR. For instance, top management team (TMT) demographics, values, sociocognitive traits, and firm attributes such as decentralization of decision making and research and development expenditures have all been identified as important antecedents to a firm's ability to manage the needs of multiple stakeholders (e.g., McWilliams & Siegel, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1994, 1995; Waldman et al., 2006; Wong, Ormiston, & Tetlock, 2011). In turn, research indicates that, on average, CSR is positively related to firm financial performance (for a review, see Margolis & Walsh, 2003; Orlitzky, Schmidt, & Rynes, 2003). Although this research has advanced our understanding of CSR, several important questions remain. First, although we have a better understanding of CSR and its benefits (e.g., increased firm financial performance), past research has rarely considered the negative consequences of engaging in CSR. Relatedly, we have less of an understanding of corporate social irresponsibility (CSiR; Lange & Washburn, 2012), which refers to actions that negatively impact the interests of stakeholders (Strike, Gao, & Bansal, 2006). The limited research on CSiR has considered how CSiR and CSR are related, with research finding that they can occur concurrently (e.g., Strike et al., 2006) or that CSiR is offset by subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For instance, Chatterji and Toffel (2010) found that firms that received negative environmental ratings subsequently improved their environmental performance. Although such research helps us to better understand the relationship between CSiR and subsequent CSR, it does not consider whether CSR influences later CSiR. Returning to the BP example at the beginning of this paper, this literature provides little guidance to understanding the conditions under which BP's socially responsible behavior (i.e., increasing its safety record) might have subsequently increased its less responsible behavior (i.e., ignoring safety warnings and minimizing BP's responsibility). Second, studies examining CSR and CSiR have generally provided a firm‐level perspective of this relationship. However, given that strategic leaders (i.e., CEO and the senior executives who belong to the TMT) make strategic decisions about CSR, it is surprising how few studies explore the effect of top leaders on CSR (but see Thomas & Simerly, 1995; Wong et al., 2011), and only one study to our knowledge theorizes that strategic leaders affect CSiR actions (Pearce & Manz, 2011). Further, few researchers approach CSR from a social psychological perspective (Rupp, Williams, & Aquilera, 2011), even though applying these theories could elucidate when leaders’ personal characteristics influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Therefore, important questions remain as to whether and when leaders influence the relationship between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we address these questions by examining the relationship between CSR and CSiR. First, we study whether prior CSR affects subsequent CSiR. We approach this question through the lens of strategic leadership, which suggests that leaders influence organizational strategy and in turn firm outcomes (e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996) such as CSR and CSiR. Specifically, we focus on the effects of strategic leaders’ psychological processes on CSiR. We draw on moral licensing research to argue that top leaders who have previously implemented CSR strategies will glean moral credits from this past behavior, which leads them to develop a strategy that mistreats firm's stakeholders. Second, we consider the moderating role of leader characteristics on this relationship. Although moral licensing research consistently shows a positive relationship between moral behavior and subsequent immoral behavior, recent research suggests that this relationship may be affected by individual differences (Mulder & Aquino, in press; Zhong, Ku, Lount, & Murnighan, 2010). One relevant individual difference is moral identity symbolization, or the degree to which being moral is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (Aquino & Reed, 2002). We argue that leaders’ moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Our study furthers research on strategic leadership, CSR, moral licensing, and moral identity by examining the effect of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR in publicly traded firms.
The Influence of Prior Corporate Social Responsibility on Corporate Social Irresponsibility Over the past few decades, firm stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and employees, have put increasing pressure on firms to manage their interests; in other words, firms are increasingly expected to heed the calls of their multiple stakeholders. When firms are able to successfully manage these myriad demands, they are deemed socially responsible (Freeman, 1984). As business practitioners’ demands and academics’ understanding of CSR have become finer grained, so too have the definitions of CSR. Greenwood (2007) suggests CSR exists along a continuum anchored at one end by firms that actively engage with and act in the interest of varied stakeholders (i.e., are responsible) and anchored at the other end by firms that have more limited interactions with and may act in the interest of only powerful stakeholders (i.e., are irresponsible). Others have argued that although responsibility and irresponsibility are related constructs, they are distinct and thus should not be considered as opposite ends of the same continuum (Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Oikonomou, Brooks, & Pavelin, 2012; Strike et al., 2006). This more recent distinction between CSR and CSiR highlights that they both involve action toward stakeholders and that firms can potentially engage in both CSR and CSiR. We adopt this view and consider stakeholder management to involve both CSR, or actions that attend to the interests of multiple stakeholders beyond just shareholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007), as well as CSiR, or actions that negatively affect stakeholders (Strike et al., 2006). Examples of CSR include charitable giving within a community, providing employees flexible work arrangements such as flextime, and ensuring the quality of consumer goods. Examples of CSiR include actions that have resulted in controversies concerning the firm's economic impact on the community, gender discrimination, and designing and selling unsafe products and services (Kaptein, 2008). In short, the more positive actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially responsible a firm is deemed, whereas the more negative actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially irresponsible a firm is deemed (Strike et al., 2006). Given these distinctions between CSR and CSiR, a growing body of research has sought to understand and clarify their relationship. In a first examination of the CSR–CSiR relationship, Strike and colleagues (2006) found that international diversification led to both CSR and CSiR, suggesting that firms could simultaneously be responsible and irresponsible toward their stakeholders. Additional evidence for this relationship can be drawn from Mattingly and Berman (2006), who found that environmental CSR was positively correlated with concurrent environmental CSiR. They noted, “perhaps firms that tend to adopt environmentally friendly programs are often those that tend also to cause harm or to extract from it” (p. 34) and suggested that further research into this positive correlation between CSR and CSiR was needed. Other research finds that socially irresponsible behavior (i.e., CSiR) sets the stage for subsequent socially responsible behavior (i.e., CSR; e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For example, Muller and Kräussl (2011) found that companies with poor social reputations were more likely to make disaster relief donations after Hurricane Katrina than were companies with positive social reputations. The key argument underlying these studies is that firms offset their negative reputation by engaging in CSR. Although this research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of why CSiR influences CSR, researchers have yet to explore whether the opposite relationship occurs such that CSR influences CSiR. In addition, although previous research on the link between CSR and CSiR has primarily taken a firm‐level approach, we propose that a more micro‐level approach would be useful to disentangle the linkages between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we draw upon strategic leadership theory and psychological licensing research to examine the role of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR. Below, we briefly review these approaches. With regard to the strategic leadership approach, one fundamental tenet is that leaders (e.g., the CEO and senior executives who comprise the TMT) typically make decisions regarding the firm's strategic direction, including social performance policies (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Hambrick & Mason, 1984; Thomas & Simerly, 1994; Wood, 1991). Thus, we approach our understanding of how CSR relates to CSiR through an examination of the ways in which leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR relate to their subsequent CSiR decisions. Research on psychological licensing can help us understand how leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR can influence later CSiR. Psychological licensing refers to perceiving that one can behave in a potentially socially undesirable way without fear of discrediting his or her self‐image (Miller & Effron, 2010). Whether an individual feels licensed or not is based on one's past behavior (Monin & Miller, 2001). For instance, having been a healthy eater for 11 months out of the year, one may feel licensed to indulge during the holiday season. In this way, one can still feel as though they are a healthy person because the 11 months of healthy eating bolsters one's self‐image and, therefore, diminishes the risk of discrediting him‐ or herself as an unhealthy person. The concept of licensing in moral domains (termed moral licensing) is germane to our focus on CSiR. Moral licensing is the psychological process that leads people to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. According to moral licensing research, people desire to maintain a positive moral image not only to others but also to themselves (Mazar, Amir, & Ariely, 2008; Monin & Jordan, 2009; Monin & Miller, 2001). Therefore, they want to avoid engaging in actions that are morally discrediting or that signal to themselves or others that they are unethical (Monin & Miller, 2001). As in the case of general psychological licensing, when determining if an action will be morally discrediting, people look to their past behavior, and if “people can call to mind previous instances of their own socially desirable or morally laudable behaviors, they will feel more comfortable taking actions that could be seen as socially undesirable or morally questionable” (Miller & Effron, 2010, p. 118). A number of studies have shown that moral behavior leads to morally questionable behavior at the individual level. In one of the first demonstrations of this effect, Monin and Miller (2001) found that people who were given the opportunity to disagree with sexist statements (e.g., “Most women are better off at home taking care of the children”) were subsequently more likely to make a sexist decision about who to recruit for a manufacturing job. Monin and Miller termed this process of non‐prejudiced attitudes (i.e., socially desirable behavior) subsequently leading to prejudiced attitudes (i.e., morally questionable behavior) as “moral licensing.” This study highlights that moral licensing is domain specific such that engaging in moral behavior in one domain leads to immoral behavior in the same domain. Although a large body of research has demonstrated the domain‐specific nature of moral licensing, recent research also shows non‐domain specific moral licensing can occur such that being ethical in one domain licenses a person to be less ethical in another domain. Mazar and Zhong (2010) show that prior moral behavior (i.e., environmentalism) can lead to morally questionable behavior (i.e., giving less to charity) as well as clearly immoral behavior (i.e., lying in order to receive a greater payout). As applied to our research, these studies are important in that, first, moral licensing is argued to have occurred when moral behavior leads to either morally questionable behavior or clearly immoral behavior, and second, it can be either domain or nondomain specific. Not only does one's own past moral behavior license someone to subsequently engage in immoral behavior, but moral licensing research finds that people use the actions of their ingroup, or similar others, as a guide for their own future behavior. Drawing on research on identity and vicarious self‐concept theory (Goldstein & Cialdini, 2007), Kouchaki (2011) suggested that people incorporate aspects of important others into their own self‐concept and use others’ moral behavior to define who they are. Consequently, when ingroup members behave in a moral manner, individuals internalize this moral behavior as their own and feel licensed to engage in morally questionable behavior. The previously discussed findings on moral licensing give rise to the question of why people feel licensed to engage in immoral behavior after previously engaging in socially desirable behavior. One reason may be that moral behavior is like a monetary currency (or creates moral credits) that can be banked and then drawn on when one engages in less moral behavior (Sachdeva, Iliev, & Medin, 2009). Nisan's (1990, 1991) moral balance model first discussed this notion of moral credits, arguing that individuals aim to maintain moral balance (i.e., balance between good and bad deeds) and use past behavior to determine their balance. After a person feels he or she has engaged in enough moral behavior to achieve moral balance, they are subsequently more likely to engage in immoral behavior. This inconsistent behavior (i.e., immoral behavior after moral behavior) is thought to stem from people's tendency toward self‐interest (desire to be less moral) on the one hand and their tendency to behave according to social norms (desire to appear moral) on the other hand (Beruchashvili, Gentry, & Price, 2006; Nisan, 1990; Sachdeva et al., 2009). In a series of survey studies, Nisan (1991) found support for the moral balance model. We draw on Nisan's moral balance argument to suggest that, after making strategic CSR decisions, leaders are more likely to engage in unethical behavior because of the moral credits they believe they have accumulated. In summary, this past research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of moral licensing at the individual level within experimental settings; however, researchers have not explored whether and when moral licensing occurs within organizational contexts. The importance of studying moral licensing in an organizational context can be drawn from a recent study by Castilla and Benard (2010), which examined gender discrimination. In a set of scenario studies they found that meritocratic organizational values led participants to make gender‐biased decisions about bonuses. Castilla and Benard were not explicitly speaking to moral licensing research; however, their findings are in line with this research area and warrant further investigation of moral licensing at the organizational level. Although research has yet to examine moral licensing at the organizational level, we propose that, because top leaders influence firms’ strategic decision‐making processes (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Finkelstein, Hambrick, & Cannella, 2009), the implementation of a CSR strategy will license them to engage in organizational wrongdoing. Specifically, given that people desire to appear moral, top leaders may feel pressure to develop socially responsible strategies that consider the needs of multiple stakeholders. The development and implementation of a CSR strategy may help leaders create a moral image of themselves and their firm, and ultimately provide a sense of accumulated moral credits. For instance, prior to the Enron scandal, former CEO Kenneth Lay endowed chaired positions at universities as well as donated vast amounts of money to charity (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). Indeed, “upon his taking the helm of the corporate merger that resulted in Enron, Lay became a big player in the charitable and philanthropic environment of Houston, the state, and the nation” (Non‐Profit Quarterly, 2006). Such behavior on the part of the leader builds his social responsibility credits, which may license him to commit socially irresponsible behavior in the future. In other words, top leaders may feel that when they have acquired moral credits through a CSR strategy that balances the needs of multiple stakeholders, they can then put forth a strategy that cuts corners or is potentially harmful to stakeholders. A second route that prior CSR could lead to CSiR is through employees’ reactions to their leader's previous CSR strategy. Recall that when a person feels strongly identified with another individual or group, he or she internalizes their past moral behavior and subsequently is more likely to engage in unethical behavior (Kouchaki, 2011). Applied to organizations, employees who identify with their organizational leaders may feel that the prior CSR strategy set by these leaders licenses them to be less careful in their relationship with stakeholders. For example, recall Hayward's implementation of a safety culture at BP. BP employees may have felt that Hayward's actions and more broadly the firm's reputation for being safety conscious carried over to them and they may subsequently have been less careful about monitoring key safety warning signs. In sum, we argue that top leaders are in charge of making key strategic decisions that influence firm outcomes and that when they implement a CSR strategy it helps them accrue moral credits. These moral credits allow them to be less vigilant toward managing stakeholder needs or even engage in unethical behavior without discrediting themselves or their organization. Moreover, employees may feel licensed to engage in unethical behavior toward stakeholders because they have categorized their leader as part of their ingroup and internalized their past CSR action. Formally, we propose: Hypothesis 1: Prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR.
The Influence of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on the CSR–CSiR Relationship Although moral licensing research has found that individuals are generally inclined to engage in morally questionable behavior after having engaged in socially desirable behavior, this process runs counter to the fundamental psychological finding that people desire consistency in their beliefs and behaviors (Audia, Locke, & Smith, 2000; Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Thus, recent calls to examine when licensing occurs and whether some people remain consistent in their moral behavior across time have been issued (Merritt, Effron, & Monin, 2010). In other words, it is important to understand when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency. Some boundary conditions to moral licensing have been suggested, with Mulder and Aquino (in press), for instance, proposing that an individual difference, moral identity, influences the consistency of moral behavior across time. Moral identity is the extent to which being moral is central to one's sense of self (Aquino & Reed, 2002; Blasi, 1984). It is comprised of two components: internalization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is central to one's sense of self and is privately expressed, and symbolization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (e.g., Aquino & Reed, 2002; Mayer, Aquino, Greenbaum, & Kuenzi, 2012; Reed & Aquino, 2003). Given our focus on leader moral action (e.g., CSR strategy implementation), rather than the leader's internal moral state, we examine how leader moral identity symbolization affects the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Individuals higher on moral identity symbolization engage in activities and behaviors that signal to others that they are moral beings. These individuals may signal their morality through actions because of a genuine desire to communicate the importance of their moral identity. Alternatively, they may engage in moral behaviors because of a self‐interested desire to present themselves in the most positive light as well as manage others’ impressions of them (Bolino, 1999; Goffman, 1959; Winterich, Aquino, Mittal, & Swartz, 2012). In other words, individuals high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral actions to either highlight their true morality or instead to mislead people about the value they place on morality (i.e., their moral actions may be insincere). Conversely, individuals who are lower on moral identity symbolization make little effort to signal to others that morality is important to them and may even engage in behavior that signals that morality is not valued.1 To formulate our arguments regarding the impact of a leader's moral identity symbolization on the CSR–CSiR relationship, we draw upon Mulder and Aquino's (in press) study that examined the role of moral identity internalization in the relationship between past and subsequent moral action. They found that individuals high on moral identity internalization were less likely to donate money to a charity after previously telling the truth than were individuals low on moral identity internalization who instead remained consistent in their behavior (i.e., they donated money to a charity after previously telling the truth). To explain these seemingly counterintuitive effects, Mulder and Aquino draw on control theory (Carver & Scheier, 1982; Weiner, 1948) to suggest that attaining a moral standard (i.e., a goal of being moral) is more important for individuals high on moral identity internalization than for individuals low on moral identity internalization. When individuals high on moral identity internalization have not met, or, conversely, have surpassed their moral standard, they engage in “discrepancy reduction efforts” (Karoly, 1993, p. 33) to achieve balance between their current and desired moral state. And when individuals high on moral identity internalization have met their moral standard (i.e., satisfied their goal), they focus on other goals, even goals that may result in less ethical behavior. Mulder and Aquino suggest that these efforts to meet a moral standard are what results in either moral cleansing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in immoral behavior) or moral licensing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in moral behavior). Although Mulder and Aquino (in press) studied moral identity internalization, their findings provide a foundation for thinking about the role of moral identity symbolization in the CSR–CSiR relationship. We draw upon their consideration of control theory to explore how moral identity symbolization affects the CSR–CSiR relationship. Recall that moral identity symbolization may or may not accurately reflect a person's internalized moral identity. In other words, an individual who is high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral action simply to present him‐ or herself in a positive light and to manage others’ impressions of them. Therefore, we argue that those high on moral identity symbolization may be more focused on monitoring their behavior to determine if they have accumulated enough moral credits than will those who are low on moral identity symbolization. Further, they will look for signals in their environment that communicate whether they have gleaned enough moral credits to appear moral or not. Given that Mulder and Aquino (in press) find that referencing one's past actions is central to guiding future behavior, one key signal for leaders is prior CSR. First, we consider the case of high levels of prior CSR. High levels of past CSR should signal to leaders with high moral identity symbolization that they have met their moral standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, these leaders will perceive that their past symbolic gestures of morality (i.e., prior CSR) have bolstered their moral credits. As such, this goal of appearing moral will be less accessible or active for leaders high on moral identity symbolization, causing them to engage in fewer symbolic acts that signal their moral image to others. Instead, they may attend to other goals that may have been ignored (e.g., shareholder wealth), potentially resulting in unethical stakeholder management (e.g., harming the environment in an effort to increase profits for shareholders). Alternatively, comparing their current state to a moral standard will not be as important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization. Instead, they are likely to focus on other goals that are more central to their self‐definition. Therefore, leaders low on moral identity symbolization will not be as reactive to past CSR and instead will be more likely to remain consistent in their strategies toward stakeholders, irrespective of past CSR. Next, we consider the case of low levels of prior CSR. In this case, leaders with strong moral identity symbolization will feel that their current state does not meet their standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, they have not accrued enough moral credits to satiate their need to appear moral to themselves and others. Past research finds that when an individual's moral identity is threatened, and thus the desire to meet this moral standard is heightened, he or she will engage in ways to self‐symbolize a positive moral image (Burke, 1991; Skarlicki, Van Jaarsveld, & Walker, 2008). We predict that leaders high on moral identity symbolization may be more likely to attend to this signal and actively work to be viewed as socially responsible by stakeholders. One way in which this may occur is through reduced wrongdoing toward stakeholders. For example, the CEO may publicly communicate to employees that wrongdoing toward stakeholders is unacceptable. On the other hand, as mentioned above, because appearing moral will be less important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization they will engage in the same level of CSiR, irrespective of past CSR. Hypothesis 2: Moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization.
Results Table 1 presents the means, standard deviations, and correlations among the study variables. Before analyzing our data, we examined the variance inflation factor (VIF) for all variables in our model to check for multicollinearity. The highest observed VIF score in our study variables was 1.61, which suggests that multicollinearity was not a problem as this value is well below the conventional cutoff of 10.00 (Neter, Wasserman, & Kutner, 1989). Table 1. Descriptive Statistics and Correlations Variables Mean SD 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1. CAQ packet length (in packet length) 3.61 .31 2. CEO tenure (in tenure) 2.84 .90 −.19 3. Firm size (in sales) 23.97 .96 .14 .08 4. Prior return on sales, industry adjusted (1996–2002) 1.66 5.93 −.09 .38* −.10 5. Prior CSiR, industry adjusted (1996–2002) .27 .38 .12 .02 .59** –.15 6. Prior CSR, industry adjusted (2001–2002) .48 .43 .30* −.13 .29* −.15 .31* 7. CEO moral identity symbolization 6.68 .75 −.11 .02 −.11 −.07 −.06 .11 8. CSiR, industry adjusted (2003–2004) .50 .44 .09 .08 .61** −.15 .89** .42** −.01 To test our hypotheses, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR, CEO moral identity symbolization, and their interaction term. Table 2 shows the results of these regressions. In Model 1, the base model, we regressed CSiR on only our control variables: length of the CAQ packet, CEO tenure, firm size, prior firm financial performance, and prior CSiR. The overall model results indicate that the control variables explain approximately 80% of the variance in CSiR. Table 2. Hierarchical Regression Results for Corporate Social Irresponsibility on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and CEO Moral Identity Symbolization Dependent variable: CSiR (2003–2004) Variables Model 1: Base model Model 2: Main effect model Model 3: Full model with interaction Step 1: Control variables CAQ packet length (in packet length) −.02 −.08 −.09 CEO tenure (in tenure) .03 .04 .04 Firm size (in sales) .06 .05 .07 Prior return on sales (1996–2002) −.00 −.00 −.00 Prior CSiR (1996–2002) .92** .88** .83** Step 2: Main effects Prior CSR (2001–2002) .18* −1.34† CEO moral identity symbolization .01 −.08 Step 3: Interaction Prior CSR × CEO moral identity symbolization .22* Overall model R2 .80 .83 .85 Adjusted R2 .78 .80 .82 Change in R2 .03 .02 F statistic for change 3.18* 4.56* Overall F statistic 34.85** 28.33** 27.50** In Model 2, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR and CEO moral identity symbolization. As seen in Step 2 of Model 2, prior CSR has a significant positive relationship with CSiR (ß = .18, p < .05), providing support for Hypothesis 1. Moral identity symbolization has no relationship with CSiR (ß = .01, ns). The overall model results indicate that the control variables, prior CSR, and moral identity symbolization explain approximately 83% of the variance in CSiR (p < .05). In Model 3 we test the prediction that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization (Hypothesis 2). In support of this hypothesis, the interaction between prior CSR and moral identity symbolization is significant (ß = .22, p < .05). Simple slope analyses (Aiken & West, 1991) provide support for our hypothesis by showing that CSiR is positively related to prior CSR among CEOs high on moral identity symbolization (b = .43, SE = .14, t = 3.13, p < .01), whereas CSiR is unrelated to prior CSR among CEOs low on moral identity symbolization (b = –.31, SE = .24, t = –1.29, ns). These simple effects are depicted in Figure 1. This step explains 2% of the incremental variance in CSiR and yields an R2 of .85 (p < .05). Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Moderating Role of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Social Irresponsibility Relationship. Additional Analyses Although our analyses indicate support for our prediction that CSR is positively associated with future CSiR (Hypothesis 1), because previous research has found that CSiR leads to CSR (Kotchen & Moon, 2011), we also tested our data for reverse causality (i.e., CSiR associating with subsequent CSR). We find that past CSiR (2001–2002) is positively related to CSR (2003–2004; r = .33, p < .01). However, when we conduct regression analyses to examine how past CSiR relates to subsequent CSR and control for firm size, past firm financial performance, and past CSR, we do not find support for the reverse causal order (ß = .15, ns) nor do we find support for the interaction between past CSiR and CEO moral identity symbolization predicting subsequent CSR (ß = .03, ns). These results support the theoretical framework upon which we draw (i.e., moral licensing) and provide greater confidence in our finding that CSR predicts CSiR and that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates this relationship.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
To say something is terribly amiss is a chronic understatement. Historical events should always be open to question not just because the winners write the history books but because everything should be open to question! It is our right, most especially when there's little or no evidence to corroborate the story we're being told. Yet hold the phone - now they want to make it illegal to criticize Israel. You see that would be anti-Semitic....... but wait - Zionists aren't Semitic..... the Palestinians are though; so are the Iraqis! This whole sordid affair has long since past the farcical stage. Zionists don't want people to question the Holocaust for 2 main reasons - firstly, for 70 years it's acted as a tool to draw sympathy and so justify the creation of Israel as well as ward off criticism they so rightfully deserve. Secondly and most importantly, if their account of the Holocaust was above reproach, would they give two hoots if someone chose to investigate? Think about this because this is the big giveaway. They throw a fit each and every time and it's obvious why. Serious researchers can only discover one thing - the truth. The reason they don't want anybody questioning the Holocaust is because they know - any meaningful investigation will rapidly arrive at one conclusion - the Holocaust was a massive Zionist con trick!
The show — devoted largely to discussion of the previous week’s show in which Maher used the N-word — drew a 0.5 rating in the 18-49 demographic, up from 0.4 the previous week.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
If women really want to play Warhammer 40,000 they should just collect a different faction, like the sexy BDSM space elves who wear revealing armour, or the dour and puritanical angry nuns that draw their power from worshipping the Emperor, who is a man. Or they could play the Imperial Guard, who are just regular human soldiers and have plenty of women (although Games Workshop don’t make any models for them).
Cerezo Osaka’s 18-year-old midfielder Takumi Minamino was named Best Young Player, having scored five league goals and introduced himself to a global audience with a spectacular goal in Cerezo’s 2-2 friendly draw against Manchester United in July.
Before digging into his route running, it’s important to note the attributes that most often draw analyst’s affection. Simply put: Josh Reynolds makes some of the most spectacular catches among the wide receiver prospects in this draft. His highlight clips and cutups are littered with impressive, leap-driven catches where Reynolds plucks the ball with strong hands in midair. Yet, in the inverse effect of the overpowering negative visceral reaction to drops, observing a few of those awe-inspiring catches can leave a stamp of positive reaction that’s tough to wash away.
“The Republican Party as a whole may draw accusations that it’s fighting a war on women, an impression aided by a lot of male politicians who show a decided implication to chow down on their own shoe leather. But Fox News can use Kelly’s defense of working mothers, and of maternity leave, as proof that it isn’t utterly beholden to the least competent elements of the party with which it often finds itself identified.”
I just draw letters
I just draw letters
Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea as they drew 0-0 with Arsenal
Clarkson did not seem to entertained by the match between the two London sides, which was a bore draw
Those in favour of big game hunting claim the controversial bloodsports raise huge sums of cash for conversation. They say it draws in tourists to areas where wildlife is otherwise scarce.
Bob knows that Alice EP range is ~15% (14% to be exact), and therefore he can draw the same conclusion Alice just did, namely that her optimal value 4-betting range is {QQ+, AK}. To profitably 3-bet and 5-bet all-in for value against this range, Bob needs a hand with at least 50% equity.
Euvie: All the d**** you can draw on their faces.
Durkheim's first key move in analysing moral life was to locate it not in the private inner conscience of the superego, but in collective life. He understood the fundamental beliefs which shaped human life as essentially social phenomena. In his classic study, The Elementary Forms of Religious Life, published 100 years ago this year, Durkheim wrote that individuals who make up a social group "'feel bound to one another because of their common beliefs". Belief, as he argued, was not a matter of personal opinion or private religious experience, but "belongs to the group and unites it". For our highly individualised, post-reformation culture, in which we naturally think of belief in terms of deep inner conviction, Durkheim's perspective can be challenging. It draws us away from thinking about the inner authenticity of a person's beliefs to thinking about belief as a form of social practice. It opens up the possibility that, rather than being like a piece of software code that runs consistently in the mind of the individual, belief may be an intense but sporadic social experience dependent on particular kinds of group activity.
In The Elementary Forms, Durkheim developed this understanding of the sacred much further. Rather than simply being a particular way of making sense of the world, the sacred was something that evoked deep emotions in people, giving them a deep sense of moral energy and conviction. It was something experienced through special forms of collective action that drew groups together around a sacred object in ways that deepened people's sense of group identity and morality. Durkheim's sacred was not some kind of abstract reference to God, or a universal mystical presence. It was a living social reality, dependent on social interaction to charge it up as a powerful force, but which when energised could release a powerful, structuring influence on social life.
The game drew an announced crowd of 5,877, easily Stanford's best of the season. The crowd, however, fell short of the 5,931 at last weekend's women's game between the two schools.
The answer, potentially, to the curious case of the missing Conservative voters in 1997 could lie within the vagaries of turnout figures. This could also prove instructive when probing other electoral conundrums, such as why voting support for both of the UK’s most established parties has seen notable periods of decline since then. The turnout figure in 1992 (an election that incumbent prime minister John Major was widely expected to lose to Neil Kinnock’s Labour party) was an astonishing 77.7%. For context, this figure was only surpassed on four other occasions – 1950, 1951, 1959 and February 1974 (with the latter two by just a small margin). Was 1992 the last modern hurrah of such widespread voter engagement? By 1997, and the arrival of New Labour in a blaze of publicity that heralded this new wave of political engagement, turnout actually fell 6.3% to 71.4%. Could this fall be translated into the unaccounted Conservative voters that disappeared between 1992 and 1997? It is a tricky conclusion to draw but it at least merits consideration Remarkably, the Conservative party continued to haemorrhage support throughout the same period that Blair’s New Labour was forfeiting millions of voters. The Conservative nadir was prolonged across the 2001 and 2005 elections (where they secured just 8.34 million and 8.78 million voters respectively). Given the travails of both major traditional parties in this era (despite presentation of the Blair era to the contrary), it is no surprise to identify that turnout was lamentable – recorded at 59.4% in 2001 GE and 61.4% in 2005. There has been an element of improvement in the two subsequent elections – the net result being an improvement to 66.2% by 2015. One outcome, which enabled a decisive electoral victory rather than another prospective coalition government, was the increase in Conservative voters to a total of 11.3 million. This confirmed the party’s return to a semblance of political dominance but it must be noted that their 2015 total voters still fell short of their 1992 peak by 2.79 million voters. It appears that the most notable beneficiaries of the increase in turnout in 2015 were actually “other” parties (most notably UKIP) whose total number of voters increased by 3.12 million. Exactly where UKIP voters will feature either on the political spectrum by 2020, and whether large numbers of them would re-align with a more established party, is a huge unknown.
[Univision draws 100,000 to voter registration drives in move to increase its political clout]
One of the neatest things about the Wii and Wii U is the virtual console. However, the Wii U’s virtual console is nowhere near the standard the Wii one was – whereas the Wii had a bonafide library, the Wii U’s is bordering on anaemic. There are currently just 57 virtual console titles available as of the time of writing. However, that’s not to say there is nothing worth your time. Some of the best games of all time are already on it – Super Mario World, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Megaman X, Street Fighter 2 and Gradius all make an appearance. However, if you’re looking for something new, you’re unlikely to find it here. The selection at the moment is just passable – useful for those perhaps too young to have ever played these titles before, but for those that have played these a million times already, this isn’t going to draw you in.
What conclusions should we draw from these data? One, certainly, would be that the ‘job creators’ have pocketed their incentive pay without creating many jobs in return. There is supposed to be a quid pro quo here, but so far all we have seen is the quid, and not much of the quo.
The sea rose from beneath them. As water engulfed the ship, men disappeared into the yawning eddies and whirlpools around the sinking hull. Yoshida drew a deep breath and rolled himself up in a ball. For what seemed an eternity, he churned inside the whirlpool, unable to escape, feeling that each of his limbs was being torn from his body.
In all likelihood, the first comprehensive modern defense of suicide was John Donne’s Biathanatos (c. 1607). Not intended for publication, Biathanatos drew upon an array of classical and modern legal and theological sources to argue that Christian doctrine should not hold that suicide is necessarily sinful. His critique is in effect internal, drawing upon the logic of Christian thought itself to suggest that suicide is not contrary to the laws of nature, of reason, or of God. Were it contrary to the law of nature mandating self-preservation, all acts of self-denial or privation would be similarly unlawful. Moreover, there may be circumstances in which reason might recommend suicide. Finally, Donne observes, not only does Biblical Scripture lack a clear condemnation of suicide, Christian doctrine has permitted other forms of killing such as martyrdom, capital punishment and killing in wartime (Minois 1999, 20–21).
In the end, Hume concludes that suicide “may be free of imputation of guilt and blame.” His position is largely utilitarian, allied with a strong presumption of personal liberty. The Enlightenment was of course not univocal in its comparatively permissive attitudes toward suicide. The most noteworthy opponent of suicide in this period was Immanuel Kant. Kant’s arguments, though they reflect earlier natural law arguments, draw upon his view of moral worth as emanating from the autonomous rational wills of individuals (Cholbi 2000, 2010). For Kant, our rational wills are the source of our moral duty, and it is therefore a kind of practical contradiction to suppose that the same will can permissibly destroy the very body that carries out its volitions and choices. Given the distinctive worth of an autonomous rational will, suicide is an attack on the very source of moral authority.
Hiding the real status bar is not possible, so the app just draws a black rectangle over it — the time and icons shown in the top, right corner can be configured by the user.
Secondly, Marshmallow introduced a change in how the permission to draw over other apps works: you now have to explicitly allow the app to draw over other apps in Settings. Whilst this in itself isn’t a huge problem for an app that targets developers, it’s an extra hurdle — and coupled with the ability to use demo mode instead, I don’t see a good reason to target SDK 23 or higher.
The kitchen here draws inspiration from traditional Abruzzese cuisine but adds whimsical twists and a level of finesse uncommon to the region, resulting in dishes like a superspaghettino (similar to angel hair) served cold and topped with basil, capers, smoked ricotta and tomato sorbet — a delightful riff on pasta pomodoro.
That comment drew “gasps and puzzled looks of disbelief” from the mostly-Native American audience in 1993. Now, Trump’s relationship with the community does not seem to be doing any better.
Nadja did most of the work on this piece. To distinguish the year lines I drew a slightly thicker black line behind each, a trick I picked up from a Bloomberg piece last year. To show the progression of time we used color to indicate year, which unfortunately made it quite similar to Bloomberg’s Arctic Sea Ice chart.
Canvas can’t animate hundreds of thousands of points, so we decided to rewrite in regl. Peter’s tutorial helped me start animating the points, but I ran into difficulties pretty fast. Rich Harris showed me how to draw opaque points, but they didn’t stack quite right; the areas with the highest densities weren’t the darkest. Totally stuck, we tried rewriting in canvas, but the lack of zoom was lame. I ended up asking for help in the regl chat and Ricky Reusser showed me how to fix it with a white background color.
There were a couple of similar problems that were hard to debug - no inspect element like SVG has! On some computers, the points with 0 gl_pointSize were still getting drawn. My hacky fix was to draw very small points off-screen.
James Burns is a graphic designer, illustrator, and comic artist. He creates autobiographical comics, notably his long-running Grumbles series. In 2002, he was diagnosed with a detached retina, which threatened his eyesight. After recovering, he wrote and drew his first comic book, Detached, about that experience.
This games ends up in a draw after an epic Game 2 with multiple Emrakul’s in play between the two players.
Oliver describes how Sanctum of Ugin allows you to chain Metalwork Colossus, with the dream draw leading to four copies on Turn 4. It’s a combo deck and Sylvan Scrying adds consistency by finding the Sanctum of Ugins. More reliable than Aetherworks in his opinion. Colossus is pushing $4 at this point.
Warriors games on CSN Bay Area averaged a 9.76 rating (243,000 homes) this season, a whopping 160 percent increase from last year’s average rating. For their season finale, when they won their league-record 73rd game, the team drew a huge 23.2 rating on CSN Bay Area, a number the RSN said is the highest for any NBA regular-season game across any RSN.
Mikey Musumeci’s strategy is easy to draw out in a statistical format, but don’t mistake the simplicity of his approach to a simplicity in his technique. Musumeci has a very articulate guard game with specific answers to every problem that his opponent presents him with. His technique is likely underrated; as he can probably be considered in that upper echelon of top guard players.
tweet of the image by a Trump supporter with the comment, “Muslim woman pays no mind to the terror attack, casually walks by a dying man while checking phone” drew nearly 2,000 retweets.
Mixed Media: When you get a tattoo, the artist rarely inks their first draft on your skin. The artist will draw it out on paper, then turn it into a purple transfer to trace out with the needles. The question for researchers is whether an algorithm can reverse engineer this process; rather than matching tattoos to tattoos, can they match a tattoo to an image in another medium.
The ability to access, analyze and draw insights from massive amounts of data already drives innovation in areas ranging from medicine to manufacturing, leading to greater efficiency and a higher quality of life.
Klopp has taken a hands-on role in persuading Grujic to turn down interest from Inter and Chelsea and Lambert who returned to Anfield with West Brom for Sunday's 2-2 draw believes that the Reds are on the verge of something special with their new boss.
While cars and cash are the biggest draw in Mercer County’s forfeiture effort, a wide range of items also have been seized in the past five years.
As August drew near, bringing the start of Oregon’s fall practice sessions, Johnstone appeared on the verge of a remarkable comeback. His knee passed all the necessary protocols and he was cleared to join his teammates for their first practice Aug. 4. Seniors Hroniss Grasu, Jake Fisher and Ifo Ekpre-Olomu had turned down the NFL for one more college go-round, along with potential All-America quarterback Marcus Mariota.
As NFL Network's Joe Theismann and many others, including myself, have explained, Shanahan's offense is based off of the zone running game. This is different than the original West Coast Offense, which was more balanced and didn't utilize such run concepts, but it's still effective. Washington's running game consists of base NFL runs such as draw and counter but also most notably inside and outside zone.
Chesterfield continued to draw comparisons in order to explain a subject seldom discussed in the art world equating the tattoo masters featured in the museum’s exhibition to the principal contributors of the impressionist movement who now stand as legends in art history.
The standard account of the medieval treatment of the topic is that S. Thomas Aquinas is the only important figure and what he says differs little from Aristotle, except for making things more rigid and formal. It is clear, however, that this is a serious oversimplification. For a more nuanced and sophisticated view, see Lagerlund (2012), on which this section draws extensively.
There is nothing over and above the properties of an object corresponding to our substance concepts—nothing, that is, like a substantial form—present in the world. Sortals are entirely formed by our minds, in the light of the properties perceived to be in the world. The boundaries we draw between kinds of things are, to some degree at least, arbitrary and concept relative. I do not deny, but nature, in the constant production of particular beings, makes them… very much alike and of kin one to another: but I think it nevertheless true, that the boundaries of the species, whereby men sort them, are made by men…. (III vi 37: italics in original) The situation in (ii) is greatly aggravated by our ignorance of real essences. If we could know those more accurately, we would know better where to draw the boundaries. The disposition of properties in nature need not have been as it is and might actually contain oddities not corresponding to any of our sortals. Sortals, unlike Aristotelian species, place no constraints on how individual objects must or ought to be.
In January, the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence journal drew criticism when it featured a female robot holding a broom on its front cover.
Auston Matthews is really rather boring. In interviews he's dull, almost lifeless at times, and he never says anything incendiary. He does light up occasionally when he hits a topic he enjoys talking about. He smiles suddenly, and it's shocking to see, but it works to draw you in. He is also a little boring on the ice. He does not have Patrik Laine's big, booming shot. He does not have Jack Eichel's turbo boost breakaway speed. He does not have Connor McDavid's total domination of the game, like he can see into the future ten moves ahead of everyone else. He's more like McDavid than the other two, but with Matthews it is a different kind of dominance. He commands space, not time. He runs the play. He makes the other guys on the ice do what he wants them to do, and not just his own team either. He forces the opposition into the space he wants them to be in so he can do what he wants. He wants the puck, he wants to own the ice, and he can and will appear at will in the slot in scoring position, and you won't always be sure how he got there. Maybe he teleports. He seems smaller on the ice than he is. He is smooth and agile in the offensive zone like a winger, not a big, bruiser of a centre. He likes the sweet spot at the goalie's left hand, a classic left-shooting winger location, and he can slide into place there for a pass like he's been playing wing his whole life. Winger is just a role he plays sometimes to make the other team forget about him until it's time to score, a trick he managed for ZSC while wearing the fancy gold jersey of the top scorer. So, maybe he is psychic. He is one thing for sure: the next star of the Toronto Maple Leafs. - Katya Knappe
They were held to a 2-2 draw by Group B winners Senegal in a match they had to win to have any chance of avoiding an embarrassing early exit.
After being held to a shock draw by Zimbabwe in their opener and then beaten by neighbours Tunisia, who booked their quarter-finals with a 4-2 win over Zimbabwe on Monday, Algeria have had a tournament to forget.
Some states have no personal income tax which on a plus side draws more employers but also puts a noose on services for their population. In challenging times these states have fewer revenue sources to draw upon. Here is a list of those states with no personal income tax:
I defeated both the Stranger and Gauntlet on the first try in my test run. Fair warning : I was on the luckier end of the spectrum there. The Stranger can get some ridiculously good draws that the above deck will not be able to beat. Don’t let that get you down and just retry, it shouldn’t take long.
As you can see, this is clearly an aggro deck, with a curve very low to the ground. It is built to make sure that you are most likely to fully utilize your mana on turns 1-4, quickly building a board of threats. Your opponent should immediately be on the back foot, and their slow draws will be punished hard. We play almost no cards that cost more than 3, so we can afford to play the minimum amount of power thanks to the mulligan rule (which guarantees you at least 2 power cards if you redraw your starting hand).
He said he has seen “a great change in Orange parades over the years after more contentious ones have been sorted out”. “I would recommend that anyone go and see the parades and even take a camera with you,” he said. “They have something there to draw people in and for tourism.
The turntable is a large 25 cm thrust bearing using eight roller wheels. Suspended in the middle of the turntable is a 1/4" mono audio connector. This connector can rotate 360° continuously and is wired to 120 volts AC thus allowing uninterrupted power to flow to the lava lamp at the end of the arm. The entire centrifuge is driven by one 12 volt motor in the base. The motor draws somewhere between 15 amps and 33 amps (far beyond the upper range of my multimeter).
Prospects for North Carolina repealing its divisive “bathroom bill” in the near future are fading rapidly as the year draws to a close, amid a fresh outbreak of anger and recrimination reflecting anything but a seasonal spirit of peace and reconciliation in the state.
All are holding meetings this month to boost membership and draw up policies. One group, Fís Nua, or New Vision, said it has close to 100 members.
Agarwal himself taught the first edX course — an MIT class on circuits and electronics –which drew 155,000 students. (He noted that 155,000 is “larger than the total number of alumni of MIT in its 150-year history.”) Today, according to Agarwal, edX has six million learners, “from every single country in the world,” and more than 19 million course enrollments. Currently offered in several languages are 838 courses in 31 subject areas, from architecture and business to physics and the social sciences.
To Birkerts, art is an act of attention, framing a piece of the world through the imagination, imbuing it with meaning. He draws on both Iris Murdoch’s sense of “loving attention” and Simone Weil’s idea of attention as a kind of prayer. In imagination-as-attention, Birkerts finds transcendence and morality, an “act of the spirit,” a way of turning the world into soul as Rilke instructed. Birkerts, here, comes close to the thought of the American Transcendentalists. Confronted by the rapid mechanization and industrialization of the early nineteenth century, Transcendentalists found meaning in and through unmediated attention to the natural world, recognizing the immanence of nature and the sacred in man. Birkerts identifies in our own digital revolution a need for a new Transcendentalism: a spiritual, aesthetic, and moral renewal achieved through contemplation, idleness, interiority, receptivity, the organic, and the unique. Such a movement would protest the digital status quo on behalf of the “seeking, self-apprehending” individual. “Each new age requires a new confession,” Emerson wrote, “and the world seems always waiting for its poet.”
Yet those who adhere to this unnamed tendency — let’s call it ’34ism, unless you can come up with a better name *** –allow the power of their terrifying dream to overwhelm sober consideration of everything Trump does or intends to do, good or bad. We’re supposed to draw up sides — condemning (and ostracizing) those who are “complicit” in Trump’s administration and welcoming those who “stand on the right side of history” — even before we know whether the authoritarian seed will grow or wither, disregarding all the other positively auspicious seeds (reform of trade, control of borders, fewer foreign military adventures, ending the Republican threat to Social Security and Medicare, etc.) that might flourish instead. In Slate 34ist Yascha Mounk’s head it’s practically Life During Wartime already, with brave Trump critics fired from their jobs, sleeping on the couches of their secret colleagues in the Resistance. Keep the car running.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton insisted that she "had broken no rules" to conduct government business through the use of a private email service in lieu of the U.S. government's unclassified system, the Non-Classified Internet Protocol (IP) Router Network (abbreviated as NIPRNet) and the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet). These are a system of interconnected computer networks used by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of State to transmit classified information. The U.S. government has spent billions of dollars developing, deploying, and protecting its internet protocol router networks to enable authorized government officials to conduct the business of government, properly exchange information, and intelligence, up to and including information classified SECRET, with others in the government (and their contractors) who are authorized and entitled to have it. Mrs. Clinton purposely avoided using the government's networks through the use of a homebrew server. That she found a way to transmit countless classified documents, up to and including special access program material, to her personal server has been made public and is not in question. The former Democratic presidential candidate disclosed that she and her aides had deleted more than 30,000 emails she deemed "personal." For a frame of reference, 30,000 emails printed out represents a stack of 60 reams of paper, a stack 11 feet tall. When the FBI retrieved the spools of microfilm, the Alger Hiss "Pumpkin Papers" printed out to a stack four and a half feet tall. Hillary Clinton and the FBI have learned much from the Alger Hiss case. The American public will not be able to read a transcript of Hillary Clinton's interview with the FBI, because the bureau did not transcribe it. Furthermore, Mrs. Clinton was also not placed under oath during the three-and-a-half-hour interview. When Mrs. Clinton wasn't placed under oath, she could not be charged with lying to the FBI, as Alger Hiss was eventually charged with and convicted of. There doesn't seem to be a race against the clock for the Trump DOJ to charge Mrs. Clinton with espionage. Alger Hiss escaped prosecution under the Espionage Act of 1917 due to the statute of limitations having expired. Also, there was no appetite by the DOJ to charge the former senior State Department official and Democrat lawyer. Although federal statute USC 3282 provides for a five-year statute of limitation for the vast majority of federal crimes, this statute of limitations does not necessarily stand in the case of espionage prosecution. It is generally agreed by legal scholars that acts of espionage can be prosecuted for at least ten years after the alleged act. I wish Congressman Trey Gowdy could give Attorney General Sessions a lesson on Spoliation of Evidence, with which attorneys fresh out of law school are familiar. Hillary Clinton's deletion of 30,000 emails is a classic case. When parties fail to produce relevant evidence within their span of control, evidence they are otherwise naturally expected to possess, the U.S. legal system allows and even mandates that unfavorable presumptions be drawn against them. So when some item of relevant evidence – whether documents, physical objects, or data relevant to an ongoing legal matter – is destroyed, discarded, or modified in some way, the U.S. legal system allows us to presume that the missing evidence was unfavorable to that party and allows us to draw conclusions accordingly. The classic junior high school excuse, "the dog ate my homework," isn't valid under the law when the disappearance is suspicious. Spoliation of evidence is prohibited by an array of laws and regulations. Also, anyone who destroys relevant evidence or assists in such destruction is subject to criminal prosecution, civil fines, tort liability, exclusion of testimony, and dismissal of claims, as well as adverse evidentiary inferences. We have little way of knowing if any one of the 33,000 missing documents under Mrs. Clinton's control could have been used "to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of a foreign nation." The Trump DOJ should be making all possible efforts to retrieve the missing 33,000 emails and determine once and for all: "was it espionage or was it yoga?" "You don't use BleachBit for yoga emails or for bridesmaids emails," Congressman Trey Gowdy said in an interview to Fox News. "When you are using BleachBit, it is something you really do not want the world to see." The cabal of President Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and FBI director James Comey did everything they could to protect Hillary Clinton from the politically explosive charge of espionage when it was obvious to anyone in the intelligence community what she was doing. There is sufficient and obvious evidence that like the Soviet spy Alger Hiss, Mrs. Clinton should be charged with espionage before the statute of limitations runs out.
The large swings in price that accompanied bitcoin in 2013 and 2014 that were cited as a reason that some merchants eschewed adopting it is seen as potentially diminishing as the future draws nearer. Tillier feels that because the advance in bitcoin price appears to be logical, the chance of a sharp sell-off following an inevitable top are less likely than more orderly trade, with gentle swings in price.
More significant, it seemed to work in the Black Belt, a region that a New York Times writer, in the days before the cotton economy went bust, described as a “garden of slavery.” Poverty rates may register higher in other counties in the region, and racial disparities have proved wider, but Hale County has long been the Black Belt’s front porch. Hale was where James Agee and Walker Evans drew their famed portrait of Depression-era tenant farmer life, “Let Us Now Praise Famous Men,” a book that has served as a primary text for students of rural America in the decades since. And Hale was where Samuel Mockbee and D. K. Ruth established the Rural Studio, a design-and-build program for Auburn University architecture students, focused on creating high-concept, low-cost homes for indigent residents. Don’t be “house pets to the rich,” Mockbee told his charges, sounding a clarion that inspired, among others, John Bielenberg.
All the attention buoyed the PieLab collaborators. But it also created problems. When Project M first arrived in Greensboro, some folk bristled at the language it employed. The conflicts began with the 2007 Buy-a-Meter project. To get the initiative under way, Project M used stark black-and-white photos (and starker messages) to draw attention to area families who lacked access to the municipal water supply. The pamphlet campaign raised about $50,000. HERO, working in conjunction with Project M, used this money to purchase and install more than 100 water meters. Beyond Alabama, Buy-a-Meter was celebrated as a financial and critical success. But back home, the slogan — “In Hale County, Alabama, Water Is Not a Right,” splayed across a gatefold photograph of Greensboro’s Main Street — did not always play so well. Tensions increased when a group of designers proposed a National Design Center for Rural Poverty Programs in Greensboro. To make clear the need, they described Hale County as a place where an “impoverished population suffers from substandard housing, education, health care and job opportunities.”
But, as a political concept, ML draws its considerable sting not so much from its constitutional basis as from the remembrance of its past uses and abuses—its rationalization as a tool of last resort, memories of the unspeakable brutality it brought out among its enforcers, and the enduring terror it instilled in our people.
While it is uncertain whether it was Chaotic Moon Studios’ intention to draw attention to potential misuse of drone technology by demonstrating its CUPID system, the publicity should serve to awaken Americans to exactly how invasive such technology can become.
Three young heterosexual men began using the slur “faggot” today in an incident inside the Starbucks coffee shop at 8598 Santa Monica Blvd., a major gathering spot for gay men in West Hollywood, that spilled over into a confrontation outside and drew the attention of Sheriff’s deputies. The three heterosexual men appeared to be African-American or Latino and ranged in age from about 18 to 23 according to witnesses to the altercation interviewed by WEHOville.
Mutko had been defiant at the World Cup draw in Moscow this month, dismissing calls for him to leave his role as front-man of the tournament.
The term was always intellectually lazy and dishonest, but veracity was never its point. Rather, it was an evolution of the “Bernie Bro” slur, a way to dismiss left-wing critiques of centrist Democrats by claiming those espousing them were racist, misogynistic, white men, even when they were people of color, women, or both. The insertion of the “alt” label was key — without needing to say a thing, the term drew up an affinity and connection between modern, rebranded white supremacists and those campaigning for universal health care and a higher minimum wage.
The report comes after Kidman drew outrage and praise for saying Americans should support US President-elect Donald Trump.
"We felt that really roots us in the community, it drives us, it gives us a lot of support to draw on in terms of ideas and links to the community to be more authentically linked to the community," he said of having so many people involved.
Using rib bones from five Easter Island individuals from 1445 to 1945 that had been excavated in the 1980s and stored in the Kon-Tiki museum in Norway, Dr. Fehren-Schmitz and his colleagues attempted to sequence the genome of the island’s earliest inhabitants. The team extracted enough useful genetic information from the remains to analyze and draw conclusions that could be representative of the larger ancient population.
In The Spirit Level, Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett draw upon decades of research to show that, among rich countries, high levels of inequality correlate with lower levels of social cohesion and social mobility, worse mental and physical health, and higher levels of crime, violence, drug use, and imprisonment. These problems do not merely afflict the poor. Rather, they touch people across the social spectrum. The implication is that large income gaps, by themselves, are significant contributors to these particular sources of human misery.
Inequality may also be driving our sky-high rates of depression and other mental illnesses. Wilkinson and Pickett draw on World Health Organization data to show that higer-inequality countries like the U.S., the UK, and Australia have double the rates of mental illness of lower-inequality societies like Japan, Belgium, and Germany. Additionally, anxiety-related disorders are a much larger percentage of mental illnesses in higher-inequality societies than lower-inequality societies.
For a long time, having an education did correlate poorly with a woman’s chance of marrying. “It truly used to be good advice for a woman to ‘play dumb’ to catch a man. Not anymore. Women used to be attracted to older, powerful men who earned more money than they did. That is no longer the case,” Coontz wrote in “Marriage, a History.” “Yet many people still plan their personal lives and policy makers still draw up social policies on the basis of these and other outmoded assumptions.”
And so we analyzed the concept, we tried to learn why it is that people were so determined to not allow it gain a foothold. And the conclusion we could draw was “Well it doesn’t work in theory, but it’s not inherently evil”. As you look around with 20/20 hindsight on the matter, one begins to wonder what it was that we were fighting for. We were willing to sentence our own people as traitors for having a different idea of how the government should run; going against everything we had been taught about American patriotism. To question the government was at the core curriculum, that our Founding Fathers fought the British because it was the wrong form of Government, and 150 years later we leverage those who speak out against the government as traitors.
Martin would like any Game of Thrones movie to do full justice to the battles and to be shown on the biggest screen possible – but he does draw the line at 3D.
Once drew against Grandmaster Samuel Reshevsky in 1956. One of his correspondence chess-game positions featured in 'Casablanca'.
This year's event drew 320 registrations from kids ranging from kindergartners to eighth-graders. They traveled from as far as Northwest Indiana, said Tom Stanton, Danny's uncle and the executive director of the foundation. That makes it the biggest turnout yet, he added.
Mario Balotelli's intention was always to be in France this summer. When the draw was made for the Euros, he posted on Instagram that he couldn't wait for it. Antonio Conte's reaction was withering. What does he mean he can't wait? Can't wait to watch it on TV? As expected, Balotelli was nowhere near the Italy squad, but he has still ended up in France all the same. Just later than he thought.
Lenart: Not at all. For me, that was the draw to it, and so maybe it's not as much of a concern. To me, it was more excitement, I guess.
4.The World Until Yesterday, by Jared Diamond The World Until Yesterday provides a mesmerizing firsthand picture of the human past as it had been for millions of years—a past that has mostly vanished—and considers what the differences between that past and our present mean for our lives today. This is Jared Diamond’s most personal book to date, as he draws extensively from his decades of field work in the Pacific islands, as well as evidence from Inuit, Amazonian Indians, Kalahari San people, and others. Diamond doesn’t romanticize traditional societies—after all, we are shocked by some of their practices—but he finds that their solutions to universal human problems such as child rearing, elder care, dispute resolution, risk, and physical fitness have much to teach us. A characteristically provocative, enlightening, and entertaining book, The World Until Yesterday will be essential and delightful reading.
The case, filed after the show’s popularity prompted a criminal investigation into whether star Kody Brown was illegally married to four women, drew international attention and raised questions about whether the state could bar consenting adults from living together as a family.
Kikaha said he draws motivation from reflecting on his love of football, along with his desire to help his team and family.
These developments are occurring not long after the groundbreaking nuclear agreement between Iran and the world’s leading industrial powers. They raise hope that Iran can emerge as the “solution,” rather than the “problem,” in dealing with the region’s many crises. But they come as tensions increase on all sides. Many conservative Republican leaders in the U.S. are agitating for more direct American military intervention in Iraq and Syria, as if the lessons of the disastrous 2003 invasion of Iraq by the U.S. and Britain were completely forgotten. In an interview this week with CNN’s Fareed Zakaria, former British prime minister Tony Blair offered a qualified apology for the Iraq war. He was asked whether the invasion of Iraq was the principal cause of the rise of Islamic State extremists, and replied: “I think there are elements of truth to that. Of course, you can’t say those of us who removed Saddam in 2003 bear no responsibility for the situation in 2015.” It is widely believed now that the chaos created by the 2003 invasion enabled the Islamic State extremists to organize. They drew on disaffected members of the former regime and supporters of the al-Qaida faction. But Blair, who many in Britain now regard as a war criminal, was only limited in his apology. Blair felt the decision to topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was a correct one, although he apologized “for some of the mistakes in planning and, certainly, our mistake in our understanding of what would happen once you removed the regime.” By any measure, those are some of the obvious lessons of the Iraq invasion.
The US, Britain and other western governments have pinned the blame on the Syrian government; Russia has accused the rebels. Hersh describes this as part of a "false flag" operation designed to draw the US into a conflict with Syria.
There are several modern recipes that draw on the more ancient tradition of the toad in the hole: Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's River Cottage Meat Book suggests a "flying toad in the hole" with pheasant breasts and prunes, while the Ginger Pig Meat Book stuffs the sausages into pieces of chicken. Although in a straight fight pheasant would clearly win, choosing between different meats seems a rather silly exercise in this context, so I'm going to stick to a sausage-only toad.
In Laguna, Rudy Panlague, 40, alias Rudy, drew his gun when he sensed that he had sold shabu to undercover agents in Barangay Poblacion in San Pedro City on Monday night, said Superintendent Chitadel Gaoiran, Calabarzon (Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, Quezon) police spokesperson.
I’d much rather see the Whitecaps playing BC Provincial Cup winners Club Inter, VMSL champs Coquitlam Metro-Ford Wolves, or PDL side TSS Rovers to kick off their cup campaign, than another match against MLS opposition and only entering at the semi-final stage. It may not draw huge numbers to the match, or see the ‘Caps field a particularly strong side, but it would be great for local soccer and the game in general in Canada to have these teams involved.
The Sorcerer’s magical talents focus on the crackling elemental powers of ice, air, and lightning to hinder his enemies or to empower his companions. When the Sedolla Bastions collapsed into a bloody civil war, one of the casualties of the war was an ancient mystical order which had made its home in Sedolla for ages. The sorcerers are the descendants of that long lost order, who draw their mystical teachings from the remnants of grimoires recovered from the disaster.
magical talents focus on the crackling elemental powers of ice, air, and lightning to hinder his enemies or to empower his companions. When the Sedolla Bastions collapsed into a bloody civil war, one of the casualties of the war was an ancient mystical order which had made its home in Sedolla for ages. The sorcerers are the descendants of that long lost order, who draw their mystical teachings from the remnants of grimoires recovered from the disaster. The Assassin strikes with a fatal combination of stealth and melee prowess. Trained for speed, aggressive combat, and stealth, she is perfect for sliding through, or picking apart, enemy defenses. While the assassin boasts deadly offensive capabilities, she lacks the constitution to stand up to punishment in combat.
"If he was being monitored, why did he have the opportunity to leave the country and try and draw others in to an extremist cause and try and turn others against our country?" Easter said.
While healthy food is often prohibitively expensive, less healthy options are relatively as cheap as, well, chips. When parents have to find the cheapest food available for their family, it’s nearly always going to be less likely to be fresh; more likely to be highly calorific (therefore “filling”), as well as packed with additives whose addictive and metabolism-skewing properties should not be discounted.
“To say this is a very dangerous book, we must ban it, this is ridiculous,” said Wolfgang Wippermann, a professor of modern history at the Free University of Berlin. “Maybe it was necessary once, but now it’s over, it makes no sense. You can find it so easily.”
Germany’s Jewish organizations have approached the publication with mixed emotions, sensitive that their country still has problems with neo-Nazis and anti-Semitism. The German government released a study this week that found that one in five Germans has anti-Semitic attitudes. And a neo-Nazi ring that has been linked to at least nine killings before it was shut down in November shocked Germans who thought they had done a thorough job working through their past.
Conspiracy theory-fueled extremism has long been a reaction to progressive government in the United States. Half a century ago, historian Richard Hofstadter wrote that right-wing thought had come to be dominated by the belief that Communist agents had infiltrated all levels of American government and society. The right, he explained, had identified a “sustained conspiracy, running over more than a generation, and reaching its climax in Roosevelt’s New Deal, to undermine free capitalism, to bring the economy under the direction of the federal government, and to pave the way for socialism or communism.” In a 2009 report, the Southern Poverty Law Center found that the anti-government militia movement — which had risen to prominence during the Clinton administration and faded away during the Bush years — has returned. According to the SPLC, the anti-government resurgence has been buttressed by paranoid rhetoric from public officials like Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann and media figures like Fox News’ Glenn Beck. Just last month, Gregory Giusti pleaded guilty to repeatedly threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi — including threatening to destroy her California home — because he was “upset with her passing the health care law.” His mother told a local news station that he “frequently gets in with a group of people that have really radical ideas,” adding, “I’d say Fox News or all of those that are really radical, and he — that’s where he comes from.” After the 2008 election, Fox News personalities filled the airwaves with increasingly violent rhetoric and apocalyptic language. On his Fox News show, Beck talked about “put[ting] poison” in Pelosi’s wine.
For front-end, ClojureScript libraries and components are relatively rare(or at least hard to find many of them on Google). Yes we can use use JavaScript libraries and components. However it’s not always true. Take an example from React and Vue, which are both in JavaScript, but it’s impractical to share components from each other. I saw people using React components in Reagent or Rum many times. I was convinced it’s possible. But I don’t think it’s easy since we may need so many components.
For backend it’s worse. People are using Clojure to build web servers. Being a JavaScript developer there are lots of barriers if I want to pick up the whole Java ecosystem. Developing and debugging Clojure is a lot different from ClojureScript. And for web servers, the JavaScript community is throwing away expressing and going toward Koa with async/await support, while in ClojureScript it’s core.async , a lot different. We can still Google and find blogs and projects on using React components in ClojureScript, but it’s fewer results for Node.js, besides, how about the framework and libraries? And I’m not sure about the database part either.
It’s not easy to believe in ClojureScript. To see JavaScript developers using create-react-app, using Koa, although slowly but most aspects of developing are covered by people who went ahead. In using ClojureScript, I have to take every step very carefully, sometimes in debugging without SourceMaps on variables, sometimes worried about where to find guides and docs, sometimes anxious about people misunderstanding my work.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
The blame for what is arguably the mismanagement of this entire issue lies squarely with the Board. David Kobia, Erik Hersman, Juliana Rotich and Jenny Stefanotti need to jointly and severally take responsibility for this. Their failure to properly manage my complaint is the sole reason I resigned from a job I was very fond of and was very good at. Their failure to set out crystal clear parameters for the hearing allowed Daudi’s counsel to turn it from an inquiry to a ‘courtroom’ with him as the prosecutor and the judge. Their failure to speak up or intervene as I was harangued for over 2.5 hours — even when my counsel objected — indicates that they found this acceptable.
It should go without saying it seems that it must be said: Sexual harassment is not a harmless or victimless crime. Because of it, I’ve had to resign from a job I liked and was very good at. This has been detrimental to both the Programme, and the organisation as a whole. I know of people who have been forced to resign due to harassment and are subsequently unable to find new jobs and new sources of income. This is because at its core sexual harassment is about an abuse of power. The person in a position of power leaves the victim in a position where they either remain silent or lose their livelihood. We cannot be speaking of building inclusive workplaces for women (who bear the brunt of the majority of sexual harassment cases) when we are still contending with such rudimentary issues as ensuring that offices are free of harassment.
“We found lots of industry ties. Some of them are stronger than others. Some really rise to the level of clear conflicts of interest,” said Kevin Connor, the group’s director and a co-author of the report. “These networks and these commentators should err on the side of disclosure.”
He was convicted of subversion in March after a court found that he had committed a crime “pursuant to the U.S. government’s hostile policy” toward North Korea and was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor.
Since 2009, Ars Technica's Jacqui Cheng has doggedly tracked how long it takes big photo-sharing sites to permanently delete photos after a user hits "Delete." Her method was simple: save a photo's URL, delete the photo and wait to see how long it takes for the link to die. For Twitter and Flickr, it took seconds. For MySpace (remember that?), it took months. But for Facebook, Cheng found it could take years.
"The systems we used for photo storage a few years ago did not always delete images from content delivery networks in a reasonable period of time even though they were immediately removed from the site," Facebook told Ars Technica on Thursday. During its period of massive growth, Facebook apparently found it difficult to expand its servers and delete photos in a timely fashion. But now that new photo storage, installed in February, apparently deletes photos within 30 days, according to Facebook.
A resident was found with metal knuckles, police said. Luca Quinn, a 19-year-old State University at Albany student, was charged with criminal possession of a weapon.
Police also requested a building and codes inspection of the house. The inspection found the building to be unsafe and uninhabitable.
At about 12:15 a.m. on Aug. 30, police received a report of a loud party and found a group of people drinking alcohol. Police noted safety hazards on that visit and requested a building and codes inspection. The site was deemed uninhabitable.
On 1:15 a.m. Nov. 9, 2012, police found 14 people in the basement for what appeared to be an initiation for membership in a group or fraternity.
Oh, space. You're so hard to explore. Sometimes you bombard spacecrafts with hurtling rocks and deadly cosmic rays, and other times you're so empty you don't give astronauts a darn thing to hold on to. But while scientists haven't quite figured out how to keep radiation at bay, the scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory—specifically, its Planetary Robotics Laboratory—are building machines that can get a grip on the most difficult surfaces astronauts will find out there.
Karras also hopes that future missions will use microspines' vertical climbing skills to explore Mars' caves and lava tubes. "They haven't been explored yet because they're difficult from a mobility standpoint," Karras says. "But they may once have been collection points for liquid water, and they're sheltered, low-radiation areas. They're of interest for investigating the possibility of past and present life." So if we find any Martians in the next couple of decades, you have lizards to thank.
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
The study found that the presence of a front seat passenger did not significantly affect the way in which drivers engaged in potentially distracting child-related activities.
I don’t have time to discuss the next section, but you should read it, here. It is about a nursing home owner who has figured out that he can hire refugee labor probably much cheaper than a Mainer. When making arguments about why they hire refugees they NEVER admit it is about the hourly wage. They could probably find Americans for this work if they paid a decent wage! But, that would mess up their bottomlines!
Presumably, the files are then saved to your Dropbox folder and can be accessed through Office Online or the traditional desktop apps. We haven't had a chance to try it out yet and see if it truly offers the same features you'd find creating files through Microsoft's apps, but it's certainly an intriguing way for Dropbox to take on the Google Drive / Docs combo. Dropbox says the feature will be available "later this month."
He said that Trump has a big heart and wants to find a way to protect so-called "Dreamers" from deportation, but he also knows the importance of border security and is committed to building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
And the Detroit Lions defensive tackle isn't angry at the possible double-standard. "(That kind of hit) happens all the time," Suh said during a news conference Wednesday "It's not going to stop. Look forward to it -- look forward to keep making plays down the field. That's my job. "To me, it's just gnats that are in the air that keep going after you. You swat at 'em, and sometimes you hit 'em, sometimes you don't. Sometimes they run away, sometimes they come back again. But ultimately, I'm just that bee going to find that honey hole. That's what I do." Suh was excoriated by various players, past and present, as well as coaches and some media for blocking Minnesota center John Sullivan in the knees in the opener. He drew a record $100,000 fine. Fanaika, conversely, wasn't whistled for a penalty -- in fact, the block was legal because Fanaika's an offensive lineman -- and the country hasn't rallied to Suh's defense. Suh said he "doesn't care" about being treated differently in the media. "That's not my job," he said. Coach Jim Schwartz shrugged off the play as well, and wouldn't disclose whether Detroit has or plans to file a grievance with the league. "That whole turning plays in and saying the league called and said this, I honestly think that's a little unbecoming," Schwartz said. "We try to keep our conversations with the league just to that. If they tell us they blew a call ... I mean, how many times have I come up here and said that? "Probably never, because we don't make excuses. We don't want to make excuses for stuff like that." Schwartz did seem to have some issue with the rule itself though, which allows for offensive lineman to block below the waist as long as it's from the front. "Is it less of an injury risk (than if a defensive lineman does it)? No, but it's a legal play as opposed to a play that's penalized, so it is what it is," he said. Suh also denied a Fox Sports report that he's stomped on teammates in practice, deferring to previous statements from Schwartz and center Dominic Raiola that it never happened.0000495-5107e5532b3e6dbd6dc0996ae0cc1341.txt
Authorities have declined to address his motivation publicly but a law enforcement official told the Los Angeles Times that a note was found on Ciancia expressing "disappointment in the government" and claiming he had no interest in harming "innocent people".
As he embarked on his shooting spree, dressed in fatigues and carrying a high-powered rifle, Ciancia asked several cowering members of the public if they were TSA, witnesses claimed. He found his target, shooting dead 39-year-old agent Gerardo Hernandez, the first TSA officer to be killed in the line of duty since the agency's creation.
Police were called to Newell's Upper Marlboro home Monday night and found him shot to death. The officer was off duty at the time of the shooting. Police say Newell and James had been arguing over yard work before the shooting.
The Quinnipiac poll found that 51% of voters have an unfavorable impression of her, her worst score ever on that measure. The poll also found that 61% of voters say she is not honest and trustworthy, another record low. On the honest and trustworthy question, that is up from 57% in a July Quinnipiac poll.
The video is tapping into a rich vein of criticism that Trump has historically found very difficult to tolerate: Call him a racist or a bully or a xenophobe if you must, but do not, under any circumstances, insult the length of his fingers.
"Two-month anniversary of the publication of short-fingered vulgarian Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal," Spy noted in January 1988, its first use of the phrase. "Reader … is rushed to the hospital with hubris shock." (The same issue, presciently, floated the possibility of a Trump presidential bid, citing a survey that found 4 percent of Americans were sad he wasn't in the running.)
For me, the biggest reason to legalize marijuana is to hurt the cartels. Immigration has emerged as a hot button issue recently, with Arizona passing a draconian immigration law and many similar propositions being considered by other states. People are worried about violence, and understandably so. No one wants to have foreign drug dealers operating in their back yard. But no matter how many laws we pass, or how much money we spend, marijuana from Mexico and other Latin American countries will always find a way across the border. Drug importers are smart, and the demand is so high that increased patrols by border agents and harsher prison sentences will not act as an effective deterrent. America will always have a demand for marijuana, and that means as long as the drug stays illegal, violent drug cartels will operate in our borders.
If you're looking to crowdfund your Raspberry Pi project maybe you can learn what didn't go right for these projects. Here is a list of hardware projects that didn't get funded. This list was pulled from the two top crowdfunding sites Indiegogo and Kickstarter . This isn't all of the projects that I had found but some of the more interesting ones.*Note items in the list may have been re-listed later and funded. Some projects may have been ahead of their time as the Pi wasn't popular enough.
I’m still trying to find my place as a pray-er among the residents at the women’s care facility. As an introvert and hermit, and with what little social skills I possess, the challenge is large.
My next stop was with a very joyous developmentally-impaired woman. I’m not a touchy-feely kind of person and found her advances to hug and touch off-putting. I struggled to hold my ground against the urge to back away. She could not understand that I was offering prayer, telling me instead of her upcoming birthday and of many other happy things.
Basically, think of your partner as a ride (while still thinking of them as a person! I’m not suggesting you objectify your partner!). There is a price you pay to ride the ride, and that price is often a compromise. I’ll give you an example from my own life: my girlfriend is wicked smart. Like, the kind of smart you cannot even believe exists. But she does have this weakness. And that weakness is Say Yes To The Dress. Sure, most of the time we’re watching thought-provoking documentaries or really excellent foreign films or any number of other things that are WAY MORE INTELLIGENT than Say Yes To The Dress. But the price of admission for my girlfriend is that sometimes we are gonna marathon this show and there’s nothing I can do about it. If there is a Say Yes To The F*cking Dress marathon, that is what we are watching. Instead of fighting against it, I go with it and we have fun critiquing the wedding industrial complex together. I’ve even come to grudgingly love it and find my inner Monte.
It could be you’re both thinking you’ve got a huge libido gap because you’re both defining sex as acts totally on the opposite sides of your circles, but actually there are certain things you’re both into doing together that fall smack in the middle and are totally still sex acts. The only way to find out about that is to talk about it. For a more complete list of sex acts to peruse, I recommend this list on Scarleteen (yes, yes, I know, I am always talking about it, but that’s because the yes/no/maybe list is so good!) or this (admittedly a bit cheesy) interactive sex questionnaire. Your libido gap may not be as large as you think, you might just be looking in the wrong place on the diagram.
Or! Maybe she finds that her libido increases when she gets her yayas yaya-ed by someone else and you are also bumping hoo-has with another human and then you come together for a sextravaganza. Some couples find that INCREDIBLY SEXY!
Or! OR! She might want to watch you fuck someone else. Some couples find THAT incredibly sexy.
Soon after hiring Fairlane, Crunch is electrocuted on the air. The world's hippest detective soon finds himself trading insults with ruthless record executive Julian Grendel (Wayne Newton), a clueless cop and former disco star, Lt. Amos (Ed O'Neill), a merciless hit man named Smiley (Robert Englund) and countless ex-girlfriends out for his blood. Aiding and abetting Fairlane is loyal assistant Jazz (Lauren Holly) and a hip record producer (Morris Day) at the head of a bizarre lineup of suspects, victims, beautiful women and a koala as he finds himself hip-deep in the case of his life.
The Macguffin of the film is three data CDs which, when read simultaneously, detail the illegal dealings of Julian Grendel, who was getting rich from bootlegging his record company's music and murdered Bobby Black when he found out Black had acquired the CDs with the incriminating evidence. Both of Fairlane's beloved possessions, his house and his car, are blown to bits, courtesy of Grendel.
Despite negative reviews in the US, the film enjoyed tremendous success in post-communist Hungary, where copies of a pirated, dubbed version were widely circulated in the burgeoning VHS market. The film's popularity in Hungary has been attributed to a high-quality dub starring iconic eccentric musician and actor Feró Nagy, which contains gratuitous use of profanity not found in the original English version of the film. Several lines of dialogue from the film became ingrained in the slang of Hungarian urban youth culture throughout the 90s.
Everywhere you look in Gears of War 4, you'll find a studio engaged in careful dialogue with the past. This is literally the case in the story, which takes place a few decades after the destruction of the Locust, and sees two generations of the Fenix clan fighting side by side. In a bid to shore up what remains of civilisation, the Coalition of Organised Governments has herded Sera's surviving humans into gigantic walled cities, defended by robots, but not everybody is content to trade their freedom for security. Amongst the rag-tag Outsiders who scrape a living in the wilderness is the one and only Marcus Fenix, he of the thousand yard scowl. As the game's second act begins, the COG is holding the Outsiders responsible for a spate of abductions, and new leading man JD Fenix has returned to his father's estate in hopes of guidance and a little covering fire, if not a hug.
Adam Gowdiak, a researcher with Polish security firm Security Explorations, subsequently said that he had found other security bugs in Java that continued to make computers vulnerable to attack.
It found public spending as a share of national income was at a similar level both now and shortly before the financial crash, an event David Cameron and George Osborne claimed Labour overspending left the country ill-prepared for.
The report argues Mr Hammond will also find it difficult to raise new money from taxes given the “political arithmetic” that exists following an election which left the Tories without a solid Commons majority.
The Committee’s observations also covered Israel’s policies in the Occupied Territories, showing how the same discriminatory patterns are found on both sides of the Green Line. Israeli settlements in the West Bank form part of a regime of “de facto segregation” severe enough to cause the Committee to remind Israel of the “prohibition” of policies of “apartheid”.
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
"On Australia Day, we're talking about Australia, Australian identity, the Government's managed to find a British royal to give a medal to, a knighthood to."
From the massive Chronicles of Darkness: Dark Eras main book, we have pulled this single chapter, Dark Eras: Into the Cold (Demon: the Descent 1961 Berlin). East Germany erects a wall against its Western counterpart, turning West Berlin into an island within its own country. As the Cold War heats up, demons find themselves the targets of increasing human scrutiny, and begin to realize that the God-Machine’s plans didn’t end with the War.
According to a West Virginia State Police post on Facebook, responding officers arrived to find a 14-year-old armed with a pistol with other students and the teacher in a second-floor classroom.
Researchers from the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research, part of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, compared Connecticut's homicide rates during the 10 years following the law's implementation to the rates that would have been expected had the law not been implemented. The large drop in homicides was found only in firearm-related killings, not in homicides by other means, as would be expected if the law drove the reduction.
Earlier research from Webster found that Missouri’s 2007 repeal of its handgun license law was associated with a 25 percent increase in its firearm homicide rates. For the Connecticut study, Webster and his colleagues used comparison states with homicide trends that most closely matched those in Connecticut before the law went into effect in order to predict what would have happened to homicide trends in Connecticut had the handgun licensing law not been implemented. “Taken together, these studies provide compelling evidence that permit to purchase licensing systems is one of the most effective policies we have to reduce gun violence,” Webster says.
The questioner was a highly educated person, someone who had a deep understanding of Islamic theology. He also understood quite well the existence of significant variations in the interpretation and understanding of religious texts. He was one of those who had no problem looking past the right-wing Islamophobic rhetoric of Fox News and Robert Spencer et al., yet was still confused as to why second-generation American and British Muslims would find a message of extremism and militancy so appealing.
He wants someone to defend his faith and speak up on behalf of the oppressed. He wishes to hear fiery and angry rhetoric, charging the “free and democratic”nations with hypocrisy, double standards, and the flouting of human rights. It is obvious to him that his government is primarily concerned with acquisition of oil and the control of natural resources, even if that results in the loss of Muslim blood. He clearly sees our politicians pandering more to the interests of corporate sponsors and special-interest donors than to the interests of their own fellow citizens. So, naturally, as a lay-Muslim, he looks to the scholars of his religion, seeking to find solace in angry tirades and verbal lashings against our politicians, leaders, media pundits, and law enforcement agencies who are, in his view, the root cause of all of this anger and terror in the first place.
Not hearing anything from his local or national scholars in the physical world around him, he scours the virtual world instead, looking on the net for voices that will speak to his concerns and address his anger. And in this virtual world, he stumbles across chat-rooms and forums where, for the first time, he finds people who see the world his way. These people, aided by the anonymity of the internet and empowered by the false bravado that only a fake alias can give, finally make our young man feel home, and that he was right all along in his assessment.
It is on these forums that he finds people who list nothing but the political faults of the Western world. It is on these forums where little children pretend to be brave men who can take on the ‘big bad wolf.’ And it is on these forums that he is introduced to ‘clerics who speak the truth’ and ‘fear none amongst men’, of legendary giants that even America fears and will do anything to silence (even if that means sending squads of assassins to murder one of their own citizens without trial). Whereas previously he had trouble finding anyone who would voice his view of the world, here, all the voices on these forums seem to be echoing the same message, spoken from the mouths of militants and circulated online by their testosterone-filled teenage cheerleaders.
And in this worldview espoused by these militants, our young man finds great comfort and solace. According to the militants, every fault in the whole world emanates not from within, but from without. The Muslims are never to blame for anything. It is always the ‘West,’ and in particular ‘Amrika’.
This young ‘victim’ does not realize that the ‘victim-mentality’ is not a motif of the Quran, nor do we find it ever verbalized in the seerah of our beloved Prophet. It is not a dignified mentality, and even if there are elements of truth in some portions of it, such an attitude does not befit a believer who believes in an All-Mighty Being who Hears and Sees all. Our Prophet suffered more at the hands of his detractors than any Muslim in our time, yet he maintained a moral dignity and an internal courage that would put to shame the entire paradigm of victim-mentality that these radicals espouse.
With regards to the internal factors, it is not likely that a mind well-grounded in authentic texts and traditions will gravitate towards acts of terrorism. Thus, it is no coincidence that one will be hard-pressed to find senior clerics, of any theological persuasion, who justify flying planes into building or strapping bombs onto one’s body in order to blow up innocent civilians.
Muslims need to understand that anyone who approaches the Quran and Sunnah with preconceived notions, wishing to find justification for certain theological or legal opinions, can almost always do so. If one wishes to speak to the texts rather than allow the texts to speak to him, then only his imagination will be a limit to the opinion that he seeks to derive.
But this youngster never actually reads a book of Muslim history himself. If he did, he would find a very different story, a very human one. Yes, there is no doubt that there were times in our past when noble men achieved gallant feats and ordinary people faced almost impossible challenges, yet came out as heroes in the end. But, as with any human history, these examples are more the exceptions than the rule.
I have no doubt that Umar AbdulMutallab saw a level of academic excellence at AlMaghrib that he would be hard-pressed to find anywhere else in the Western world. I also have no doubt that he was highly impressed with the scholastic content of our seminars. However, in the end, what was important to him was not what he saw, but what he didn’t see. And what he didn’t see was an exposition and condemnation of the role our own countries play in spreading terror around the world. What he didn’t see were explicit solutions being offered in light of the current situation of the Ummah.
Now she was finally home, looking lost as she searched the crowd for her husband, Tim, who had come without the children from North Carolina , where the couple have a home. Suddenly he appeared, and they embraced awkwardly before rushing to find her bags.
Sergeant Keith’s homecoming was surprisingly boisterous, even without his wife and son. His parents, grandfather, brother, nieces and nephews greeted him at the gymnasium, then accompanied him to a new apartment they had found and furnished for him.
Tinospora cordifolia commonly named as “Guduchi” in Sanskrit belonging to family Menispermaceae is a genetically diverse, large, deciduous climbing shrub with greenish yellow typical flowers, found at higher altitude.[ 1 – 3 ] In racemes or racemose panicles, the male flowers are clustered and female are solitary. The flowering season expands over summers and winters.[ 4 ] A variety of active components derived from the plant like alkaloids, steroids, diterpenoid lactones, aliphatics, and glycosides[ 4 ] have been isolated from the different parts of the plant body, including root, stem, and whole plant. Recently, the plant is of great interest to researchers across the globe because of its reported medicinal properties like anti-diabetic, anti-periodic, anti-spasmodic, anti-inflammatory, anti-arthritic, anti-oxidant, anti-allergic, anti-stress, anti-leprotic, anti-malarial, hepatoprotective, immunomodulatory and anti-neoplastic activities. In this review, we focus our attention to: (i) the reported genetic diversity in the Plant (ii) biological roles reported in humans and animals and active components from the plant. (iii) biological roles reported in humans and animals.
Anti-diabetes property The stem of Tinospora cordifolia is widely used in the therapy of diabetes by regulating the blood glucose[48] in traditional folk medicine of India. It has been reported to mediate its anti-diabetic potential through mitigating oxidative stress (OS), promoting insulin secretion and also by inhibiting gluconeogenesis and glycogenolysis, thereby regulating blood glucose.[48] Alkaloids, tannins, cardiac glycosides, flavonoids, saponins, and steroids as the major phytoconstituents[49] of Tinospora cordifolia have been reported to play an anti-diabetic role. The isoquinoline alkaloid rich fraction from stem, including, palmatine, jatrorrhizine, and magnoflorine have been reported for insulin-mimicking and insulin-releasing effect both in vitro and in vivo.[10] Oral treatments of root extracts have been reported to regulate blood glucose levels, enhance insulin secretion and suppress OS markers. Initiation and restoration of cellular defence anti-oxidant markers including superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and glutathione (GSH), inhibition of glucose 6-phosphatase and fructose 1, 6-diphosphatase, restoration of glycogen content in liver was reported in in vitro studies.[10] The crude stem ethyl acetate, dichloromethane (DCM), chloroforms and hexane extracts of Tinospora cordifolia inhibited the enzyme's salivary and pancreatic amylase and glucosidase[50] thus increasing the post-prandial glucose level and finds potential application in treatment of diabetes mellitus. The root extract has been reported to decrease the levels of glycosylated hemoglobin, plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, hydroperoxides, ceruloplasmin and vitamin E diabetic rats.[51] Oral administration of Tinospora cordifolia extract in “Ilogen-Excel” formulation (Ayurvedic herbal formulation) composed of eight medicinal plants including Curcuma longa, Strychnos potatorum, Salacia oblonga, Tinospora cordifolia, Vetivelia zizanioides, Coscinium fenestratum, Andrographis paniculata, and Mimosa pudica is reported to reduce GSH and vitamin C[51] in blood and urine glucose and lipids in the serum and tissues in alloxan diabetic rats with a subsequent decrease in body weight.[52] Decreased concentration of GSH, GPx, and SOD, catalase activity is reported in heart and brain of diabetic rats.[53] T. cardifolia root extract (TCE) has been reported to cause an increase in body weight, total hemoglobin and hepatic hexokinase[54] and lowering hepatic glucose-6-phosphatase, serum acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) in diabetic rats thus having hypoglycemic and hypolipidaemic effect.[54] The protective effects of TCE were reported in presence of higher levels of anti-oxidant molecules and enzymes.[55] TCE has been shown to significantly counterbalance the diabetes-associated OS in the maternal liver by lowering the levels of malondialdehyde and ROS and the increased levels of GSH and total thiols.[56]
Anti-arthritic, anti-osteoporotic effects Single or synergistic formulations of Tinospora cordifolia with Zingiber officinale has been used in rheumatoid arthritis treatment in traditional medicine.[61] Tinospora cordifolia have been reported to affect the proliferation, differentiation and mineralization of bone like matrix on osteoblast model systems in vitro and hence finds potential application as an anti-osteoporotic agent. Alcoholic extract of Tinospora cordifolia have been shown to stimulate the growth of osteoblasts, increasing the differentiation of cells into osteoblastic lineage and also increasing the mineralization of bone like matrix.[62] Ecdysteroids isolated from the plant have been reported of protein anabolic and anti-osteoporotic effects in mammals. Beta-Ecdysone (Ecd) from Tinospora cordifolia extracts have been reported to induce a significant increase in the thickness of joint cartilage, induce the osteogenic differentiation in mouse mesenchymal stem cells[63] and to relieve osteoporosis in osteoporotic animal models.[63] Further 20-OH-β-Ecd isolated from Tinospora cordifolia has been reported of its anti-osteoporotic effects[62] thus highlighting the role of Tinospora cordifolia in the treatment of osteoporosis and osteoarthritis.[64]
Anti-cancer effects The anti-cancer effects of Tinospora cordifolia are mostly studied in animal models. TCE have been shown to have a radioprotective role by significantly increase in body weight, tissue weight, testes-body weight ratio and tubular diameter and inhibit the harmful effects of sub-lethal gamma radiation on testes in male Swiss albino mice. In pre-irradiating mice, TCE significantly affected radiation induced rise in lipid peroxidation and resulted in the decline of GSH concentration in testes.[67] Pre-treatment of HeLa cells by TCE have been shown to decrease the cell viability, increase LDH and decrease in GSH S-transferase activity.[68] Dihydrotestosterone (DHT) in TCE has been reported to stimulate the growth and proliferation of Human LNCaP cells (which are androgen-sensitive human prostate adenocarcinoma cells). Androgenic compounds in TCE act via androgen receptor.[69] Newly isolated compounds like (5R, 10R)-4R, 8R-dihydroxy-2S, 3R: 15, 16-diepoxycleroda-13 (16), 17, 12S: 18,1S-dilactone (ECD), a diterpenoid from Tinospora cordifolia has been reported for its chemopreventive potential in diethylnitrosamine (DEN) induced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in rats by decreasing anti-oxidant activities via SOD, CAT and detoxification enzymes like GSH, GPx and subsequent increase in the activities of the hepatic markers ((Serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase)SGOT, (Serum Glutamic Pyruvate Transaminase) SGPT, LDH) and decreased serum transaminase level thus confirming its anti-tumor effects and promising application as a potent chemo preventive drug for HCC.[26] The radiosensitizing activity of DCM extract of Tinospora cordifolia has been reported in Ehrlich ascites carcinoma (EAC) mice enabling tumor-free survival via depletion of GSH and glutathione-S-transferase by elevated levels of lipid peroxidation and DNA damage to tumor cells.[9,57,70] TCE hexane fraction has been shown to block the G1 phase in EAC mice and cause apoptosis by the formation of apoptotic bodies, nuclear condensation, activation of caspase-3, decreased cell number and ascites volume, increased expression of pro-apoptotic gene, Bax, and decreased expression of anti-apoptotic gene, Bcl-2.[71] TCE could induce a reduction of papillomas, tumor yield, tumor burden, and tumor weight while increase phase II detoxifying enzymes[72] in skin carcinoma animal models. The effect of a hydroalcoholic (80% ethanol: 20% distilled water) extract of aerial roots of Tinospora cordifolia on Swiss albino mice[73] revealed a significant increase in acid-soluble sulfhydryl (-SH), cytochrome P (450) contents, and enzyme activities of cytochrome P (450) reductase, cytochrome b5 reductase, GST, DT-diaphorase (DTD), SOD, catalase, GPX, and GR activity in the liver highlighting the chemopreventive role of Tinospora cordifolia against carcinogenicity.[73] In vivo anti-angiogenic activity of TCE in B16-F10 melanoma was detected by increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including IL-1 β, IL-6, TNF-α, granulocyte monocyte-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and the vascular endothelial cell growth factor (VEGF), increased production of anti-angiogenic agents IL-2 and tissue inhibitor of metalloprotease-1 (TIMP-1) in the B16-F10 extract-treated animals.[74] The polysaccharide fraction from Tinospora cordifolia was found to be very effective in reducing the metastatic potential of B16-F10 melanoma cells. Markers of neoplastic development were reduced significantly in the treated animals compared with the untreated control animals.[75] Most of the synthetic chemotherapeutic agents suffer from toxic side effects.[76] The effect of Guduchi extracts was comparable or better than doxorubicin treatment.[77]
Tinospora cordifolia: Anti-oxidant activity The anti-oxidant capacity of Tinospora cordifolia stem methanol extracts administered orally increased the erythrocytes membrane lipid peroxide and catalase activity. It also decreased the activities of SOD, GPx in alloxan-induced diabetic rats.[52,84,85] Tinospora cordifolia Willd.(Menispermaceae) extracts possess possible inhibitors of aldose reductase and anti-oxidant agents[86] thereby reducing chemotoxicity induced by free radicals.[87] TCE has been reported of its strong free radical scavenging properties against superoxide anion (O 2 -), hydroxyl radicals (OH), NO radical, and peroxynitrite anion (ONOO-).[87] The extract was also found to reduce the toxic side effects of CP in mice by the free radical formation.[88,89] Tinospora cordifolia lowers the levels of malondialdehyde and ROS and the higher levels of GSH and total thiols. The protective effects of Tinospora cordifolia could be observed even in the fetal milieu, with higher levels of anti-oxidant molecules and enzymes.[56] Tinospora cordifolia has the ability to scavenge free radicals generated during aflatoxicosis. Tinospora cordifolia showed protection against aflatoxin-induced nephrotoxicity due to the presence of alkaloids such as a choline, tinosporin, isocolumbin, palmatine, tetrahydropalmatine, and magnoflorine.[8] A significant increase in the concentration of TBARS in brain along with a decrease in heart has been observed in diabetic rats.[53] It also enhanced formation of SOD, GPx, and GSH in liver. Treatment with Tinospora cordifolia also inhibited glucose 6-phosphatase and fructose 1, 6-diphosphatase; and restored glycogen content in liver. Tinospora cordifolia has been shown to regulate blood glucose.[90] (5R, 10R)-4R, 8R-dihydroxy-2S, 3R: 15, 16-diepoxycleroda-13 (16), 17, 12S: 18,1S-dilactone (ECD), a diterpenoid from Tinospora cordifolia has been shown to possess chemo-preventive potential in DEN induced HCC rats. Treatment of ECD in both preventive and curative DEN induced animals increased the level of anti-oxidants and detoxification enzymes.[26] An aqueous extract of Tinospora cordifolia has a radio-protective enhancing the survival of mice against a sub-lethal dose of gamma radiation.[64–65] Tinospora cordifolia was effective in elevating the GSH levels, expression of the gamma-glutamylcysteine ligase and Cu-Zn SOD genes.[91] Aqueous extract of Tinospora cordifolia inhibited radiation mediated 2-deoxyribose degradation by inhibiting the formation of (Fe2+)-bipiridyl complex formation to confer radio-protective effects.[92] The arabinogalactan polysaccharide (TSP) isolated from Tinospora cordifolia showed good protection against iron-mediated lipid peroxidation of rat brain homogenate as revealed by the TBARS and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) assays.[42] Tinospora cordifolia also has the components that decrease the recurrent resistance of HIV virus to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and improve the outcome of the therapy.[93] The effect of a hydroalcoholic (80% ethanol: 20% distilled water) extract of aerial roots of Tinospora cordifolia on carcinogen/drug metabolizing phase-I and phase-II enzymes, anti-oxidant enzymes, GSH content, LDH and lipid peroxidation has been shown in liver of Swiss albino mice. The enhanced GSH level and enzyme activities involved in xenobiotic metabolism and maintaining anti-oxidant status of cells are suggestive of a chemo-preventive efficacy of Tinospora cordifolia.[73] Tinospora cordifolia has been reported to contain an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, characterized as saponarin (apigenin-6-C-glucosyl-7-O-glucoside). The leaf extract had appreciable anti-oxidant and hydroxyl radical scavenging activities.[20] Pepticare, a herbomineral formulation of the Ayurveda medicine consisting of the herbal drugs: Glycyrrhiza glabra, Emblica officinalis and Tinospora cordifolia, has anti-ulcer and anti-oxidant activity in rats.[94] Hyponidd is another herbomineral formulation composed of the extracts of 10 medicinal plants (Momordica charantia, Melia azadirachta, Pterocarpus marsupium, Tinospora cordifolia, Gymnema sylvestre, Enicostemma littorale, Emblica officinalis, Eugenia jambolana, Cassia auriculata and Curcuma longa). Hyponidd administration also decreased levels of glycosylated hemoglobin, plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, hydroperoxides, ceruloplasmin and alpha-tocopherol in diabetic rats.[95] Anti-oxidant activities of Dihar, a polyherbal formulation containing drugs from eight different herbs viz., Syzygium cumini, Momordica charantia, Emblica officinalis, Gymnema sylvestre, Enicostemma littorale, Azadirachta indica, Tinospora cordifolia and Curcuma longa in streptozotocin induced type 1 diabetic rats. Dihar produced a significant decrease in serum creatinine and urea levels in diabetic rats.[7]
Meanwhile the ExMoi occupation lives on. Many among the refugees are families (15% of the inhabitants are women and more than 30 children under 10 live there), some have found jobs and continue living there to support their friends. Many people have not been able to find a proper job but survive by selling metal or other materials found in rubbish bins. A community has somehow been created, with a mix of ethnic groups living peacefully together. Although there have been some minor personal clashes, life goes on, even if the structural problems make everyday living challenging: water pours from some ceilings, the electricity system cuts out, and only half of the apartments have hot water, not to mention the lack of any heating system. Despite all this, the refugees and the Committee have managed to keep ExMoi clean and working, repairing the worst problems in three out of four buildings.
Justin Farrell, a professor of sociology at Yale’s School of Forestry & Environmental Studies and the author of the report, studied both the institutional and social network structure of the climate denier movement and found that there are some 4,556 individuals with ties to 164 organizations that are involved in pushing anti-climate science views on the public.
What Farrell found was that organizations taking funds from “elite” corporate funders of climate denial like Exxon and the Koch Brothers — groups like the CATO Institute, the Heritage Foundation, and the Heartland Institute — “have greater influence over flows of resources, communication, and the production of contrarian information” than other denial groups.
If you asked most people about foods that are "good" or "bad" for you, you'd get a dozen different answers. You'd find people who vehemently argue that eggs are both good or bad for you, that sodium does and doesn't contribute to hypertension, or that carbs do or don't make you sick. In general, you'll find a lot of laypeople with opinions that may or may not be based in real science. Researchers however, generally have some pretty solid opinions on these issues, and are quick to note where their own shortcomings are.
There is a rough agreement that a balanced diet is probably a good idea. While there are some regular people who experiment with meat-only diets, macrobiotic diets, etc, most researchers are old dudes who eat normal diets and believe that veggies and fruits and whole grains are good, and red meat is bad, and some other things are in between. I'm just one person who has had the opportunity to make a career out of reading articles and grading their study quality — but I can honestly say that I don't know what is correct for sure. Gluten and wheat is bad for some people, low carb could help certain diabetics but so could a very nutritious diet, and low carb can also cause side effects in some people. Some people live long lives with "healthy" diets, some live long lives eating milk chocolate and fried chicken every day. For any specific nutrient, I can summarize the evidence. And for any type of diet, I can find the totality of observational evidence for it. But there haven't been many (any?) long term randomized trials of low carb, high carb, etc etc. It would be too expensive, deemed unethical, and just not logistically feasible for compliance — the primary researcher for long term observational trials (where they just follow people and collect data, not make them eat certain diets) often die in the middle of the trial, so it's quite an effort to keep a long randomized trial going that costs millions. Especially when food trials are funded at levels so much lower than pharmaceutical trials.
By now it may seem like we're pretty screwed. Where can you turn for legitimate advice? I asked our panel for their suggestions, and unfortunately they all agreed that we have to properly calibrate our bullshit detectors, and seek out multiple, trustworthy resources. Be ready for conflicting data—if you find it, it just means the topic isn't settled. The image above, from this pocket guide to bullshit prevention over at io9, is a good starting point.
Beth Skwarecki is a science writer and educator. Her work has appeared in Scientific American, PLOS Public Health Perspectives, and the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. You can find more of her work in her portfolio here, and you can follow her on Twitter at @BethSkw .
India stepped up its search in two areas at the request of Malaysia - one around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and another further west across the Bay of Bengal - but found no evidence that would indicate that the plane had come down in its waters, the Defence Ministry said.
India’s Eastern Naval Command was investigating a separate rectangular ‘box’ 15 km wide by 600 km long, some 900 km east of Port Blair, but had found nothing.
It is extremely rare for a modern passenger aircraft to disappear once it has reached cruising altitude, as MH370 had. When that does happen, the debris from a crash is usually found relatively quickly, close to its last known position.
The minutes of the secret committee, known only as MISC 379, observed: ‘It would be embarrassing to the government if the public got the impression that deep shelters were being constructed. Either the public would think that the government were out to protect their own skins and those of their immediate servants; or the public would assume that the shelters were intended for public use in time of war and would be disappointed when they found they were not.
After climbing 60m down a set of alternating ladders in a long, vertical metal cage, we emerged into a set of tunnels that smelled reassuringly neglected. Like a post-apocalyptic game show, we suddenly had to make a choice between three tunnel entrances to the left, right and straight ahead. It turned out it didn’t really matter which we entered, they all linked back on each other in the end. Once we had circled back, we were sure we were alone and had the run of the tunnels all night. We found the bar, the switchboard, medical facilities, power control panels and more.
Many of us have a sense that cities are being closed to us, but we find it difficult to articulate how or why; we simply feel we’re losing control of things in some fundamental way. Battles over space are nothing new in London of course: from private Georgian squares in the 18th century to the South Bank Undercroft in the 21st, urban space is a continually contested place. But these days we seem less inclined to stand up to spatial inequality or obstructive behaviour over the release of information.
Live concert I recorded and released on tape years ago. Original pressing was limited to 25 and they were all given out at Brattfest. For sale now is a copy from my personal archives. Very rare cover songs and one unreleased song. Won't find these recordings anywhere else! Please note the sound quality isn't the greatest as it was recorded live straight to cassette.
Among both Quebecers and non-Quebecers, support was higher for giving the right to self-determination to Quebec’s aboriginals, than it was for giving the same right to non-aboriginals who might want to remain within Canada. For example, in a 1997 poll, 75% of Quebecers and 92% of non-Quebecers agreed that the Cree and Inuit regions of northern Quebec “have the right to stay in Canada.”[30] A 1999 poll showed that 72% of Quebecers found it reasonable that “northern regions with an aboriginal majority could stay in Canada”, while only 49% were willing to accord the same right to regions where a majority had voted No to separation.[31]
So I went to the source, the ATO's tax stats, to find out the truth.
When I crunched the raw numbers, I did find that 72 per cent of investors indeed earned $80,000 or less in the latest 2011-12 figures (the discrepancy with the HIA figures being that their report used the 2010-11 stats).
That's when I found the ATO's Excel tables that look at what taxable and total incomes people have declared who collect rent from investment properties.
Extensive searching from air and on land found no trace of the mysterious animal. In the years that followed numerous people reported seeing a similar creature lurking on Mid Canterbury farm land.
But one of the greatest difficulties in projecting Phaneuf’s future cap hit is understanding the vast shift in his playing style since coming to Toronto. As alluded to above, he has been tasked with defensive zone starts and top lines every shift he’s skated in Toronto. In his early days, Phaneuf saw over 5 minutes a night on the power play, and was given sheltered minutes at even strength. This season, Phaneuf finds himself in an elite pair of defenders (the other being Phoenix Coyotes defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson) who average at least 3:30 in ice time on both the penalty kill and power play per game while facing the league’s best forwards.
"But it was more that he was worried that my body had given way more than anything and that my pace was down and change of direction not as good. I found that a bit hard to believe."
"They know me as a defender but having that flexibility and going both ends of the ground is only going to help me find a club next year," Adcock said.
"This opens another opportunity for me and we're really excited to find out what that will be and I can play some good footy at another club."
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney tweeted: "Stormont talks continuing - efforts intensified to find agreement on outstanding issues before tomorrow's deadline. Expect very late night."
The line includes four flavors — vanilla, chocolate, mint chocolate chip and mocha fudge — and can be found at all Kroger stores in Dallas and Houston. It's also being sold in Denver, Omaha and Des Moines.
A 2011 study by the National Center for Transgender Equality found that 26 percent of transgender people had experienced either physical or sexual abuse. But advocates believe the number is much higher among transgender immigrants, because of intolerant families or because those in the country illegally are much more likely to engage in prostitution to survive, or both. What drives those high rates of abuse, Bandera asserts, is the belief by some people that transgender lives are expendable.
Those in the country illegally resist going to the authorities "out of fear of deportation," Bandera says. Others hesitate "out of fear that their abuser or the person that attacked them will find them later on if the police [don't] follow up the way they should."
But what I’d urge you to do, now that you’re back to constituency business and maybe have a little time on your hands, is to find out a bit more about what you knocked back then. Perhaps, in your enthusiasm to win the election, you were a bit too hasty. Perhaps philosophy was the answer all along.
The Stoics, too, might offer you some resources for overcoming your recent loss of rank. But perhaps that won’t be won’t be enough, and you’ll find you can’t shake it off that easily (as another noted philosopher urges). Politics is a game built for the ambitious, and there’s little so painful as frustrated ambition. Perhaps you’ll find yourself in the position William James describes:
I imagine the issue is that someone again realized the behavior of GCC and LLVM on non-Windows OSes with regard to the default non-existence of stack probing and found some new instance of a vulnerable and widely-used application/service to exploit. The following is a summary of the main issues which have all been heavily detailed and explained already in Gaël's 2005 presentation from slide 24 onward (under the heading of "Jumping the stack gap"). Calls to alloca() over a page in size, large local variables, variable-length arrays (VLAs), etc can all easily skip over a single guard page and read from/write to an attacker-controlled mmap-based heap allocation and cause further deeper stack frames to do the same, with all the implications on saved instruction pointers, etc. Not only does this problem affect the main process stack, but it's an issue for thread stacks as well. It was part of the motivation for the creation of GRKERNSEC_RAND_THREADSTACK over four years ago in response to this alloca()-based vulnerability/exploit by Exodus Intelligence. Further easing exploitation is that Linux will honor mmap hints, conceivably permitting some rare vulnerable application to allow an attacker to suggest an allocation just below the stack guard page without needing to exhaust virtual address space to accomplish it (which would open up this vulnerability for more 64-bit apps).
An interesting historical note: looking through the current upstream Linux kernel code, one will find a remnant perhaps of Andrea's never-merged original implementation, a single "int heap_stack_gap = 0;" line unreferenced by anything else in the kernel, but introduced by accident via an unrelated nommu commit by David Howells in 2005. This variable in Andrea's implementation held the number of pages of the variable-sized heap/stack gap, something Linus' later implementation crucially lacked. Despite several public comments and LKML threads about this line, it continues to stand alone as a reminder about the dangers of NIH.
Technical debt always finds a way to be repaid, with interest.
Nixon’s resignation on Aug. 8, 1974 came 782 days after the June 17, 1972, break-in. It was 920 days after the break-in that a jury found former Attorney General John Mitchell and aides H.R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman guilty of conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Richard Ben-Veniste was one of the lead Watergate prosecutors, “following money to find a motive,” he recalled to The Daily Beast, from the Committee to Re-elect the President (CREEP) and then ultimately the White House.
Asked how that might play out, he says it’s “unclear whether Trump would find anyone” to fire Mueller if Rosenstein refused. Asked how far down in the Justice Department Trump could go, Ben-Veniste said, “I don’t know if the elevator goes down that far.”
He concluded our conversation saying that if Trump does what everybody is advising him not to do, and one way or another, gets rid of Mueller, it will come down to “whether Republicans in Congress can put country above party. Our system will be severely tested, and we will find out whether we are a government of laws, where the rule of law is respected, or whether an outrage like firing a person lawfully appointed is acceptable to one political party.”
Nixon biographer John Farrell found the evidence in Haldeman’s notes, “and if that isn’t treason it sure does look, feel and smell like it,” says Dean. “It was long suspected that Nixon wanted to break into the Brookings Institution when he heard they had ‘bombing halt’ papers. He might have been worried they had papers somehow showing what he had done with South Vietnam.”
“I was the first one to call him out. I called him out when he was calling Mexicans rapists, when he was engaging in rhetoric that I found deeply offensive. I said basta,” she said, drawing applause from the room. “And I am pleased that others are also joining in making clear that his rhetoric, his demagoguery, his trafficking in prejudice and paranoia has no place in our political system. Especially from somebody running for president who couldn’t decide whether or not to disavow the Ku Klux Klan and David Duke.”
The Southern Poverty Law Center’s recent report on white nationalist activity in 2015 found a 14 percent rise in the number of hate groups, and cites other research finding more people were killed by domestic terrorists in 2015 than in any year since 1995. According to the group, this moment is comparable in radical white racist activity to 1968, the year Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated. In a sense, then, the Grand Old Party is coming full circle on its long-running strategic deployment of coded racism that prominent Republican strategist Lee Atwater described at the dawn of the Reagan era.
Spend some time with Thesaurus.com (or a real thesaurus! Advice I could use myself). Look up descriptors for the mood you are establishing and find similar words, then use these in your descriptions for locations, artifacts, or characters.
A new ad from a prominent gun control group features the main character from Alice in Wonderland shooting herself in the face with a handgun. The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence published the ad titled Alice PSA to its YouTube page Thursday. In it, Alice can be seen following the white rabbit through wonderland when she comes upon a room with a cabinet. In the cabinet she finds a gun, which she then shoots herself in the face with. “Over one-third of all American households have a gun,” a voiceover says as Alice pulls the trigger. “Ask your neighbor: Is there a gun where they play? Asking saves kids.”
Did you find this article helpful? If so, please share it using the "Join the Conversation" buttons below, and thank you for visiting Daily News Autos.
Back in June, Toronto singer Daniel Caesar dropped two stunning new tracks, "We Find Love" and "Blessed," as a kind of two-for-one single. Today he's gifting us with a grainy visual for the songs, which you can watch above. In the video, Caesar — who's low-key a total heartthrob — finds love, loses it, and finds it again.
Thailand’s not known for its wine; you’re much more likely to think of beer when you think of this South-east Asian nation. But at Khao Yai National Park, around two hours by road from Bangkok, you’ll find a cluster of wineries, producing an array of reds and whites.
Hawaii conjures imagery of fresh fruit, bright cocktails and exotic flavours, yet you’ll also find wine produced here. Island Mana Wines (islandmanawines.com), in Honolulu’s beachside Waikiki neighbourhood, on the isle of Oahu, is a wine tasting experience with a difference. The tipples here are not made with grapes, but instead include varieties produced from guava, mango, passion fruit and pineapple– all sourced from organic fruit native to the island. Reservations must be made in advance; entry is free, you just pay for the wine you drink.
Since the industrialization of coal, the world has sourced much of its energy from fossil fuels. While the global energy landscape has started to change again over the past several years, with the introduction of more renewable and cleaner sources, fossil fuels are still the main source of much of today’s energy. However, it looks like China has now found a way to access a previously elusive source of energy.
Though methane hydrate is not a new discovery, researchers have had difficulty putting it to practical use. The substance is called “flammable ice” because it looks like ice, but it’s actually methane trapped inside water molecule lattices. Deposits of methane hydrate are usually found in areas with low temperatures and moderate pressure, such as the bottom of the ocean, making them difficult to access.
Another reason that many disparage visual design is that there is real incentive to distancing oneself from it. Many rightly realize that the quickest way to guarantee not getting respect is if their job title includes the word "creative." Thus there is a compensatory advantage to marginalizing visual design and thus proving one's dedication to doing the 'real work.' Daniel Burka of Google Ventures found "Even among designers of similar seniority, there is marked difference in compensation for UX Design, UI Design, and Visual Design," with salaries tending to descend in that order.
It is this masochistic status-striving that I find so ugly in this industry. That he who discredits his own craft is the most pious. That the most respected designer is the one who disowns beauty. This perpetual need to be the first to assign irrelevancy to one's own professional practice is the true impetus behind much of the puritanism of modern minimalist avant gardism.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � President Bush on Wednesday signed into law a bankruptcy reform bill that will make it harder for individuals to clear their debts through bankruptcy. So, experts say, if you were thinking about filing for bankruptcy, you might think twice -- or act twice as quickly, since major provisions of the law will go into effect six months from the day the law is signed. Individuals filing for bankruptcy usually do so either under Chapter 7 or under Chapter 13. In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, your assets (minus those exempted by your state) are liquidated and given to creditors, and many of your remaining debts are cancelled, giving you what's known as a "fresh start." In 2004, over 1.1 million people filed for Chapter 7, accounting for roughly 72 percent of non-business bankruptcies. Since many Chapter 7 filers don't have assets that qualify for liquidation, credit card companies and other creditors sometimes get nothing. In a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, you're put on a repayment plan of up to five years. Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan don't have to be paid. Last year, there were 445,574 Chapter 13 filings. Under the new law, fewer people will be allowed to file under Chapter 7; more will be forced to file under Chapter 13. Lawmakers who favor the legislation argue that it will prevent consumers from abusing the bankruptcy laws � using them to clear debts that they can afford to pay. But consumer advocates argue that the new law is a gift to creditors � particularly the credit card industry, which may receive $1 billion or more from repayment plans due to the expected increase in Chapter 13 filings, according to Robert McKinley, CEO of CardWeb.com. "The bill simply doesn't balance responsibility between families in debt trouble and the creditors whose practices have contributed to the rise in bankruptcies," said Travis Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America in a written statement. Key changes Here are some of the major changes for consumers under the new law: A qualifying test: Currently, it's up to the court to determine if your case qualifies for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the new law, your income will be subject to a two-part means test. First, it will be subject to a formula that exempts certain expenses (rent, food, etc.) to determine whether you can afford to pay 25 percent of your "nonpriority unsecured debt" such as your credit card bills. Second, your income would be compared to your state's median income. You won't be allowed to file for Chapter 7 if your income is above your state's median and you can afford to pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, said California-based bankruptcy attorney Stephen Elias, who is coauthor of the book "How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy." But, he said, you may be allowed to file for Chapter 13. If your income is below the state's median but you can pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, you may be able to file Chapter 7, but the court can still require you to file Chapter 13 instead if it believes that you would be abusing the system by filing for Chapter 7, Elias said. Under current law, the court has great latitude in deciding whether debtors may file for bankruptcy in consideration of their personal circumstances. Under the new law, there will be few if any exceptions made to the means test, no matter how sympathetic your case, said Leon Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Los Angeles. Determining what you can afford to pay: Currently, if you file for Chapter 13 today, the court determines what you can afford to pay based on what you and the court deem to be reasonable and necessary expenses. Under the new law, the court will apply living standards derived by the IRS to determine what is reasonable to pay for rent, food and other expenses to figure out how much you have available to pay your debts. The IRS regulations are more stringent, and to contest them means asking for a hearing from a judge, which can mean more time and expense, Elias said. Tougher homestead exemptions: Currently, if you declare bankruptcy, the state where you file may allow you to protect from creditors some or all of your home equity. In Florida, for instance, your home may be entirely exempt, even if you bought it soon before filing. In Nevada, you may exempt up to $200,000. The new law, however, places more stringent restrictions on the homestead exemption. For instance, if filers haven't lived in a state for at least two years, they may only take the state exemption of the state where they lived for the majority of the time for the 180 days before the two-year period. Filers may only exempt up to $125,000, regardless of a state's exemption allowance, if their home was acquired less than 40 months before filing or if the filer has violated securities laws or been found guilty of certain criminal conduct. Unlike most of the other provisions, the new homestead exemption rules go into effect immediately. Lawyer liability: Under the new law, if information about a client's case is found to be inaccurate, the bankruptcy attorney may be subject to various fees and fines. What that means for consumers is it will be harder to find a bankruptcy attorney willing to file because of the liability and the additional work required to verify a client's information, Elias said. Those who are willing are likely to charge more. Credit counseling and money management: Under provisions of the new law you must meet with a credit counselor in the six months prior to applying for bankruptcy. And before debts are discharged, you must attend money management classes at your expense. What should you do? For those people who have considered bankruptcy, the time to act may be now, consumer advocates say. Talk to a good bankruptcy lawyer, Plunkett said. If together you decide bankruptcy is the right call, you might consider speeding up your plans to file since most of the main provisions of the new law won't go into effect until six months from now. Typically, it can take a couple of weeks to file for bankruptcy, said Bayer. See Money magazine's 9-step program for tackling your debt problem. Money 101: Controlling debt Debt reduction planner
The findings are from a nationally representative survey of 1,509 adults released on Tuesday by NORC at the University of Chicago, an independent research institution. The study, funded by the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery, found that concerns about obesity have risen. Just a few years ago, in a more limited survey, cancer was seen as the most serious health threat.
Neither option looks very good for Trump. And yet he soldiers on, "a walking contradiction," as Chuck Todd said on Wednesday's NBC Today. "He has contradicted every single attack he's made on the Clintons. You can find sound to contradict it. It doesn't touch him."
One of the most important things determining the quality of a photo is the angle from which it was taken. Even if you have a really interesting subject and you follow the most important composition guidelines, you still need to find that unique and interesting angle to really make your photo shine.
A great way to make your photos more intimate is to get closer to your subjects – even closer than you would feel comfortable. That way your photos can convey the kind of intimacy that is normally only found in real life.
An easy way to greatly improve your photos and make mundane scenes exciting is to include reflections in your photos. While you can find reflections on many different surfaces, water is perhaps the most obvious medium for interesting and unique reflections.
For that reason I added as many metaphors for phenomenon as possible. When you come across these, really take a moment to think about what is going on. I find these metaphors are really the best way to quickly grasp complicated concepts.
"I haven't slept at all," he said. "We are still missing 11 lambs and these could be fatally injured lying somewhere and we have searched a two-mile radius of this place and haven't found them."
But there's another contrast this year. Oregon's defense can't stop hemorrhaging points. Stanford's offense can't find any. The Ducks are 11th in the league in scoring defense. Stanford is last in offense.
But not this year. Every game is important and every game matters. You won't find a player in either locker room who doesn't care about the outcome. This is just the first time in a long time that the rest of the country won't be watching. Because this time around it's not a coronation. It's just another North Division game.
The security firm found evidence that the redirects go to domains hosted in the Netherlands, but was unable to identity the perpetrators. Traffic has slowed to the exploit, Fox IT noted, suggesting that Yahoo is addressing the vulnerability.
Everyone who left us we find everywhere.
Everyone who left us we find everywhere,
Yesterday was brutal for NC State fans. First they learned that Trevor Lacey was going pro, then they find out Kyle Washington is transferring. So for all of you toeing the ledge right now, we have some recruiting news that will hopefully put you in a better mood.
"There's just so many mixed feelings," Ritter says, then blinks hard and looks away, down toward the stage where national stars including Jim Jefferies, Demetri Martin, Mike Birbiglia, Maria Bamford, Doug Benson and more found a Chicago home.
Upstairs is the small apartment where Ritter, his wife, Jessica, and son, Joey, now 10, lived for six years. The family hasn't had health insurance for at least three years, and a few months ago, he says, Jessica was found to have breast cancer.
O'Neal, who has felt the wrath of fans after leaving Orlando and Los Angeles, can't wait to find out.
The island contains two villages: Savoonga and Gambell. The two villages were given title to most of the land on St. Lawrence Island by the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act in 1971. As a result of having title to the land, the Yupik are legally able to sell the fossilized ivory and other artifacts found on St. Lawrence Island.
There were about 4,000 Central Alaskan Yupik and Siberian Yupik living in several villages on the island in the mid-19th century. They subsisted by hunting walrus and whale and by fishing. A famine in 1878–1880 caused many to starve and many others to leave, decimating the island's population. A revenue cutter visited the island in 1880 and estimated that out of 700 inhabitants, 500 were found dead of starvation. Reports of the day put the blame on traders' supplying the people with liquor causing the people to ″neglect laying up their usual supply of provisions″.[6] Nearly all the residents remaining were Siberian Yupik.
On Monday, both sides find out who they will face in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The internet is a refuge for scorned groups, from furries to mommy bloggers, and atheists have found a home there as well. “Reddit Atheist” has become shorthand for a subculture with its own memes, slang, rivalries, and parodies. While the internet has been a source of comfort for the irreligious, it has also intensified a stereotype about atheists’ self-righteous arrogance.
Though Boghossian used an inappropriately extreme example of religious conflict to compare, it is true that atheists are not well liked in America. A 2014 Pew Research Center survey found that Americans rated atheism far lower than all major belief systems except Islam. It’s also simply not cool to be atheist. Justin Bieber worships in shredded Japanese denim alongside Kevin Durant at Hillsong. Kanye raps about God dreams. Who do atheists have? Penn Jillette, Arian Foster, and the late Christopher “Women Aren’t Funny but the Iraq War Is for Sure Good” Hitchens. It’s grim. I’m an atheist, and I am sorry to confirm that we are the pedantic neckbeards of American culture, skulking around the Sam Harris section at Barnes & Noble and telling anyone who’ll listen that Thomas Jefferson was actually a deist.
The Rams are preparing for their highly anticipated 2017 season and opening of the new on-campus stadium. New season ticket commitments are now being accepted by contacting the Rams Sales Team at 800-491-RAMS (7267) or visiting www.CSURams.com/tickets. Current season-ticketholders will have first priority to select their seats during appointed times set to begin March 22. In preparation for the inaugural season of the on-campus stadium, the Colorado State athletics department has launched a special football gameday website, which provides in-depth information on everything from tickets to parking, tailgating, gameday logistics and much more. The website can be found at www.CSURams.com/footballgameday.
As champions of the testing effect, we find it awkward to hear bemoaning of standardized tests. So, let’s tackle a few of the most common critiques:
Teachers and parents can also try to redirect some of that anxiety, a tactic that makes students feel more confident and actually perform better on high-stakes tests. Researchers have found one promising method in which students are told that the anxiety they feel before a test is actually helpful – not harmful – to their test performance.
The idea that teaching to a test isn’t really teaching implies an almost astounding assumption that standardized tests are filled with meaningless, ill-thought-out questions on irrelevant or arbitrary information. This may be based on the myth that “teachers in the trenches” are being told what to teach by some “experts” who’ve probably never set foot in a “real” classroom. What these defiant teachers fail to realize – or simply choose to ignore – is that these experts are groups of carefully selected individuals that always include well-seasoned “real classroom teachers”, who guide the decision-making on what material should be assessed by the tests. For those wanting to find out more about how tests are made, here’s an informative video by the Educational Testing Service which develops, administers or scores more than 50 million tests.
The Egyptian authorities guaranteed “full cooperation”, but this was quickly revealed to be a hollow promise. The Italians were allowed to question witnesses – but only for a few minutes, after the Egyptian police had finished their own much longer interrogations, and with the Egyptian police still in the room. The Italians requested the video footage from the metro station where Regeni last used his mobile phone, but the Egyptians allowed several days to elapse, by which time the footage from the day of his disappearance had been taped over. They also refused to share the mobile phone records from the area around Regeni’s home, where he disappeared on 25 January, and the site where his body was found nine days later.
And yet, to a government on constant alert to security threats, there may have been much in the meeting that Regeni attended – and in the article he wrote about it – that the government would have found alarming. One of the proposals was for a “series of regional conferences that lead after a few months to a large national assembly and perhaps a unitary protest (“To Tahrir!” said several of those present.)
“Why was the body found right when the minister of economic development and the Italian delegation were here to strengthen our cooperation?” he asked. Sisi also mentioned the shooting down of a Russian tourist airliner in October 2015. “Russian tourism and Italian tourism [in Egypt] have collapsed to nothing … Fill in the dots of these different episodes and you have a clear picture of an attempt to strike the Egyptian economy and isolate Egypt.”
As proof, the government displayed a tray of objects that included Regeni’s passport, Italian identity card, a credit card and his ID card from Cambridge University. Not only had the Egyptian police found the culprits, they had already killed them. “In an exchange of fire between police forces and the men,” the ministry explained, “all the gang members were killed.”
The Egyptian government put Giulio Regeni’s possessions on display in an attempt to prove they had found his killers. Photograph: Uncredited/AP
The Italian prosecutors have been keen to find out whose idea it was that Regeni should write his PhD dissertation on independent unions, and the street vendors’ union especially. When detectives asked her whether she had pushed Regeni to pursue his research into that particular topic, or if she had been aware that he might have felt in danger, Abdelrahman felt that she was being treated like a suspect.
The Egyptian prosecutors seemed unable to understand why their Italian colleagues did not accept the evidence they were given. “The Egyptian authorities seemed shocked that our police kept asking questions after they came up with the ‘gang’ of killers and the tray with Regeni’s documents,” said one Italian investigator. “Their attitude seemed to be: ‘hey, we found the criminals, we have even killed them. This should put an end to it.’” Surely, they thought, concerns of state – the close relations between two nations, billions of dollars of commercial ties – should count more than the life of one person, who had been killed by mistake. They seemed to find it impossible to understand that the Italian government would have to account to public opinion and could not, even if it had wanted to, accept a flimsy, implausible account of Regeni’s death.
“When I started shopping for gear and clothing I was underwhelmed and increasingly disappointed by my lack of options,” Nicole said. “The jerseys I found were an atrocious shade of pink or baby blue, which just wasn’t for me.
“When I had the dismal experience of trying to find kit I liked and that I could do long rides in without it literally being a pain in my ass, I decided, why not make it better?”
When she was still new to the sport, Nicole found out that while riding alone can be hugely rewarding, it’s the social nature of the sport that binds us to our bikes. It provides the motivation to get out of bed when it’s still cold and dark outside.
According to the statement announcing the policy, some transsexuals found drag performances offensive because it “hinges on the social view of gender and making it into a joke.”
David McKean (born 29 December 1963)[1] is an English illustrator, photographer, comic book artist, graphic designer, filmmaker and musician. His work incorporates drawing, painting, photography, collage, found objects, digital art and sculpture. McKean's projects include illustrating books by amongst others Neil Gaiman, Heston Blumenthal, Ray Bradbury and Stephen King, and directing three feature films.
McKean created six images for the Royal Mail's Mythical Creatures collection, which featured depictions of mythical creatures found in British folklore, including dragons, unicorns, giants, pixies, mermaids, and fairies. The collection was released in the UK on 16 June 2009. The Presentation Pack contains short descriptions of each subject by author Neil Gaiman.[18]
Bogdan became the warden of the prison last June. Three months after he settled in, a Yemeni prisoner named Adnan Farhan Abdul Latif was found unconscious in his cell and was pronounced dead at the detention hospital. An autopsy report concluded that Latif committed suicide by ingesting mass quantities of anti-psychotic medication. However, his death is still under investigation.
“We need to find and support the candidates that serve our members interests,” said Ronnie Pineda, president of GCC Local 140-N in Los Angeles. “In the last 10 years we’ve gotten people elected and they’ve betrayed us. I for one am a big believer in education. We need to educate ourselves completely with every one of the candidates and any other new laws that may be on the ballot.”
Photo: Unions found it necessary to occupy the Capitol in Madison Wisconsin after Scott Walker, who was swept into office in the last mid-term tea party wave, attacked the collective bargaining rights of workers. Blake Deppe/PW
Toronto might be that situation – maybe. Ideally Davis would be playing beside a stretch-four/five with the physical presence needed to not get pushed around in the paint by bigger players, someone like the Raptors Patrick Patterson or Amir Johnson. It isn’t an easy call and Toronto may be able to find better options, but if Davis can convince Head coach Dwane Casey that he could help the Raptors rebound better, then there could be a role for him on the roster.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rōnin did find fertile ground in postwar American western films, but in an alternate timeline we might have seen an Old West rōnin carrying a sword alongside his six-shooter, fighting a cattle-rustling gang headed by the yakuza. Illustration: Chloe Cushman
The rōnin, or “wave man”, the masterless samurai forever cut off from mainstream society, is a powerful Japanese icon. Freed of traditional hierarchies, he wanders from place to place, using his skills to survive – and, in some tales, to protect the innocent and punish the wicked. Sound familiar? Rōnin did find fertile ground in postwar American culture, particularly in westerns, with characters ranging from the squeaky-clean Lone Ranger to Clint Eastwood’s grim “man with no name”.
In 1999, the Federal Court ruled he had obtained his Canadian citizenship by misrepresentation, but found there was no evidence he had committed atrocities. The cabinet decided in 2007 not to revoke his citizenship
Wasyl Odynsky came to Canada in 1949. Mr. Odynsky, 90, who had been living in Toronto but whose whereabouts are not known, was accused of serving as a guard at two forced labour camps and in an SS battalion. While a Federal Court ruled in 2001 that he had lied to gain entry to Canada, it also found that he was unlikely to have participated in a massacre of Jewish captives.
Paloma Aguilar, a spokeswoman for the Department of Justice, said individuals who have been involved in war crimes or crimes against humanity would find no haven in Canada.
I’m really motivated about spreading kindness and happiness. I want to show others that there is a reason to be positive even when there are a thousand negative issues going on. That there are kind people out there even if they can’t seem to find them. That just because you’ve hit a major setback in your life, it doesn’t mean it’s the end or even near the end. I want to spread good in the world.
As you know, we here at Mark’s Daily Apple tend to prefer the natural to the artificial – but that’s only because we’ve found that following nature’s way and listening to biology and evolution often go hand in hand. It’s not a dogmatic ideology of naturalism we espouse here; it is a pragmatic approach to life that tells us the natural way most often is the best way, but that also allows the use of artificial aids, if they are safe and effective. With that in mind, we weren’t all that surprised to read about a recent scientific study that discovered using lotions and skin creams can actually weaken your skin’s resistance to the elements and create a dependency on skin products.
Swedish scientist Izabela Buraczewska found that creams can actually make the skin drier in the long run. Basically, once you start using a cream or lotion to combat dry skin, you have to keep using it or your skin will regress to a point even drier than it was before you started using the cream. She used several different kind of creams and oils to test her results, and she found that even different pH levels didn’t change the effects on the skin. Both mineral and vegetable oil were tried, and both resulted in the skin having less resistance to drying elements. Strangely enough, however, using a complex cream had less of a drying effect. To Buraczewska, this meant that a blanket assignation of blame to all creams and lotions simply isn’t realistic. The problem wasn’t with the idea of artificial skin creams; the problem was that an effective skin cream simply hadn’t been created that could deal with the drying effects.
One of the oddest problems with Weezer’s recent output is how blindly contradictory Cuomo can be on record nowadays in comparison to the robust character portraits he painted on his earliest records. Everything… is no different, and finds him sounding as oddly insincere as he has since on every record since 2005. After coming back on hands and knees to the audiences of the mid-nineties, he spends ‘I’ve Had It Up To Here’ rallying against those who want him to compromise some odd notion of integrity (“I’M NOT A HAPPY MEAL”, he proudly announces us in the album’s best wincer of a Cuomoism). How he squares this circle is unclear, but it totally undermines the seriousness of something like ‘Foolish Father’. Does he even mean this? Is he talking about himself? Is it all made up?
Sport and religion, however, have not always been on a collision course. Christianity’s initial problems with sports, as shown in Remillard’s account, dissolved with time as sports became more popular and the idea of “Muscular Christianity" gained ground. While a patriarchal concept, Muscular Christianity’s emphasis on physical activity and good health would slowly win over the evangelicals. And although the domain of sports was not immune to anti-Semitism and unfortunately isn’t even today, Jewish minorities often found sports to be a good way of integrating with the mainstream. In Hinduism too, sports like wrestling have served as vehicles for social and caste mobility. Outside religion, sports would provide a platform of protest against racism—the champion boxer Muhammad Ali being the most recognized exponent of this crusade.
The computer has also become the portal through which students do everything they need to do on campus. Using the Internet, they register for classes, turn in assignments, order books, browse the library catalog, listen to music, talk to friends, read the news, write papers, play games, pay bills, watch movies and carry on heated political discussions. Alumni returning to their alma maters will find that the quads and classrooms still exist, but the computer has become almost more central than the physical campus.
This sixth-round find has a polished arsenal and good control.
He explained the rationale behind the show to Ars: "As a performer in Edinburgh for the last eight summers, I found myself frustrated by the lack of nuanced conversation, particularly about issues of health, the body, trauma, illness, and disability." He added:
Lucy Orr grew up close to CERN and Fermilab, while her father was busy searching for the Higgs boson (which he eventually found). While waiting for her mutant powers to manifest, Lucy kept herself occupied programming BASIC, reading comics, and playing MUDs. With an extensive career in digital art and animation, she still finds time to pet ferrets, listen to pop punk, and drink cider.
Pick virtually any issue facing America today, and you will find a generous collection of Republican lies on the subject. Some are actually well-crafted lies, difficult to disprove, but some are so totally over the edge that a fifth grader could expose them, like this one, so why do they do it?
Update: the Labs team found a glitch and is pushing the release back a bit (‘probably within two weeks’).
About three or four days into training camp is when the soreness starts to peak, and it sticks around for about a week and a half until your body starts to desensitize itself to misery. During my six seasons with the Denver Broncos, there were days when getting out of bed was so difficult I was sure there was no way I could practice. Of course I was wrong. I found a way to get it done. Football players learn how to push down the pain and make a play. But it hurts later. It hurts a lot.
Adding to the general feelings of blah and barf are cuts that must be made as August progresses. Realistically, of the 80 guys on each roster, 15 are already cut. Coaches have a pretty good idea of what the final roster will look like. There’s a little bit of wiggle room in the middle of the depth chart. At every position, there are usually two guys competing for one spot. This is usually where I found myself, fighting for my professional life on a daily basis, battling with another good football player who was often my friend. I learned how to win that daily battle, but it never came easy, and someone was always left in its wake.
“It’s like dating,” Yakes said. “I’ve never, ever, had such a hard time trying to find people.”
Support for the protests started to extend to the local community when Jean Gosling, a lollipop lady in Wanstead, upon learning of the tree's impending destruction, rallied the support of local children (and was later fired from her job for doing so while wearing her uniform), who in turn recruited their parents into the protests. It was then that the non-resident radicals realised that they had significant local support. When local residents gathered for a tree dressing ceremony on 6 November, they found their way barred by security fencing. With support from the protesters, they pulled it down.
In 2002, in response to a major new road building programme and expansion of aviation, a delegation of road protest veterans visited the Department for Transport to warn of renewed direct action in response, delivering a D-lock as a symbol of the past protests. One such protestor, Rebecca Lush went on to found Road Block to support road protesters and challenge the government. In 2007, Road Block became a project within the Campaign for Better Transport. The M11 Link road protests inspired the launch of the video activism organisation Undercurrents. Training activists to film the protests, they released You've got to be choking in 1994, a 40-minute documentary about the M11 link road campaign.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The pro-union Better Together campaign said the polls showed they were still ahead, citing a YouGov survey on Friday that found 57 percent of Scots supported Scotland staying in the UK but with increased powers for the Scottish Parliament.
Furthermore, the survey found that 40 per cent of LGBT adults say they “encourage others to be more environmentally friendly”, compared with 24 per cent of straight people.
In other results, it was found that LGBT people were more likely in 2010 to say they were “environmentally conscious” than the year before. The opposite was seen in straight respondents.
Israeli politics have been drifting rightward for years, and many see that trend sharpening and solidifying now. Several polls find that as many as nine out of 10 Israeli Jews back the prosecution of the war by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. When that support slipped a bit last week, it seemed to be because more people wanted an even more aggressive assault on Hamas, the militant Islamist faction that dominates Gaza. Israelis who question the government or the military on Facebook, or who even share photographs of death and devastation in Gaza, find themselves defriended, often by people they thought were politically like-minded.
Trans fats are more likely to be found in processed foods including pastries, doughnuts and cakes at the cheaper end of the market. Credit:M. Spencer Green
In Paris, France, we will be attending the Paris Game Festival on September 19th and 20th. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on
In Bochum, Germany, on November 14th, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
But teasing out the components that contribute to that 27-cents figure paints a more-complicated picture. The PUC’s consultant found that just over 17 cents of the total value was from avoiding “market costs,” largely by not needing power from large generators. The other 9 cents or so were “societal benefits,” linked to emitting less climate-changing carbon dioxide and pollutants into the air.
He was also found guilty of orchestrating an attack on the town of Glina which killed two civilians and forced others to flee their homes.
Yes, within a day of Vine’s launch, Facebook pulled the ability for Vine users to find Facebook friends who were also using the new app.
Vine isn’t the only app to feel Facebook’s cold shoulder: Mobile text and voice messaging app Voxer also lost Facebook access recently, because after its update to Messenger, Facebook now sees it as a competitor. Voxer says that while Facebook isn’t where it’s getting user growth from, it is a disappointing development. “We are sorry that a channel for engagement is being shut down by Facebook to the detriment of our community. But we aren’t alone, and it is both a lesson and a warning for other companies to be careful about counting on third party services that can be easily taken away.” Russian search giant Yandex’s Wonder app – essentially a mobile, voice-activated version of Graph Search – is yet another product that found itself on the outs with Facebook.
It didn’t use to be like this. I fully realize how “I remember when a gallon of gas used to cost a nickel” that sounds, but it’s true. In their infancy, social-networking platforms had a share-and-share-alike attitude, where you could cross-post and import contacts and find friends and use apps that were pulling mass amounts of useful data from outside APIs. It was a beautiful, brief moment in time.
We now skim everything it seems to find evidence for our own belief system. We read to comment on reality (Read: to prove our own belief system). Reading has become a relentless exercise in self-validation, which is why we get impatient when writers don’t come out and simply tell us what they’re arguing. Which reminds me: What the hell am I arguing? With the advent of microblogging platforms, Twitter activism, self-publishing companies, professional trolling, everyone has a microphone now and yet no one actually listens to each other any more. And this is literally because we’re too busy reading. And when we leave comments on an online article, it’s usually an argument we already agree with or one we completely reject before we’ve read the first paragraph. In the age of hyper-information, it’s practically impossible not to be blinded by our own confirmation bias. It’s hard not to be infatuated with Twitter shitstorms either, especially when we’re not the target practice.
It’s also worth mentioning that this wasn’t Ylvis’ first music video. In fact, musical comedy is something they consider to be very near to their hearts. The brothers, who grew up in Africa, found their love of music and comedy at a young age. “We grew up with the Life of Brian from Monty Python. We grew up in Africa and we didn’t bring enough videos, so we only had that. We had two. We had that and a Norwegian variety guy. So we developed humor that was a mix between those two,” Vegard said.
Well, you’d be hard pressed to find anyone in the Bay Area who wouldn’t say yes without hesitation, myself included. But when bringing the term dynasty to the plate, one must stop and consider what a dynasty actually is.
The Salmons become worried when Susie fails to return home from school. Her father, Jack, searches for her, while her mother, Abigail, waits for the police. In town, Susie sees Jack, but he does not respond to her when she calls. Susie runs home to find Harvey soaking in a bathtub. After seeing her bracelet hanging on the sink faucet near a bloody shaving razor, Susie realizes she never escaped the den and was murdered by Harvey. Screaming, she is pulled into the "In-Between", that is neither Heaven nor Earth. From there, Susie watches over her loved ones, unable to let go despite the urging of her new afterlife friend, Holly.
Investigating Susie's disappearance with Detective Fenerman, Jack thinks Susie was murdered by someone she knew. He researches neighbors and comes to think Harvey is the killer. Fenerman is unable to find any evidence pinpointing Harvey as a suspect, as Harvey cleaned up. Susie's sister, Lindsey, agrees with Jack's suspicions, but their casework takes a toll on Abigail, and Jack invites Abigail's alcoholic mother, Lynn, to move in with them. Feeling alienated from her husband, Abigail leaves for California. Susie, in her afterlife, learns that Harvey, who has now targeted Lindsey as his next victim, has murdered six other girls, including Holly, and that he stuffed Susie's body into a safe in his basement.
One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie's friend, Clarissa. Her boyfriend, who mistakenly thinks his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly bludgeons Jack to death as Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey's house looking for evidence that he killed Susie. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie's hair, and news articles about Susie's disappearance. Harvey returns home and almost catches Lindsey in his house, but she escapes and rushes home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil her parents' reunion, she gives the book to her grandmother, who contacts the police. Harvey has already fled, having seen Lindsey running from his home – he takes the safe containing Susie's remains with him.
Jackson explained he enjoyed the novel because he found it "curiously optimistic" and uplifting because of the narrator's sense of humor, adding there was a difference between its tone and subject matter. He felt very few films dealt with the loss of a loved one.[35] Jackson foresaw the most challenging element in the novel to adapt was the portrayal of Susie, the protagonist, in her heaven, and making it "ethereal and emotional but not hokey."[33] Saoirse Ronan explained Jackson chose to depict the afterlife as depending on Susie's emotions. "Whenever Susie feels happy, Heaven is sunny and there's birds and everything. Whenever it’s not so great, it's raining or she’s in the middle of an ocean."[36] Jackson described the book's description of "heaven" as being an "In-Between" rather than a true heaven and said he was not trying to paint a definitive picture of Heaven itself.[35] "[W]hen Jackson created Susie's heaven, in a 1973 world, he went through the Partridge Family television show archives as a reference."[37]
According to the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC), the rating given to The Lovely Bones received 24 objections, more than any other movie in 2010. The BBFC report states, "Many found the film to be a shocking and upsetting experience. The scene in which young Susie is entrapped by the killer, and the subsequent sequence in which the killer soaks in a bath after the murder, were compared by some complainants to scenes in ‘18’ rated horror films." The BBFC rated the movie a 12A, and many complained that the movie was upsetting for a younger audience. Nevertheless, the BBFC defended its rating: "The Lovely Bones lacked any explicit detail of the murder and any sexual elements were downplayed. The audience’s sympathies remain entirely with the family and the film had many positive messages about life."[72][73][74][75][76]
Nope. This survey found slightly more sexual violence than the well-known but questionable statistic that 1 in 5 women are sexually assaulted in college:
Speaking of quests, each hero can be assigned with an exploration task instead of a military one. It means our hero could spend his time in an allied province, wandering around and looking for places of interest. Each province has a number of dungeons, crypts, caves, magic shops etc., and our hero could visit all these beautiful places in order to gain some experience fighting the guardians and to plunder their treasures. Even if our hero was unable to find anything unusual during his search, exploration is a great way to increase tax income of that province (we can imagine that our hero is actually looking for more taxpayers to rip off, rather than for the monsters to slay?)
Signs of over-responsivity,[11] including, for example, dislike of textures such as those found in fabrics, foods, grooming products or other materials found in daily living, to which most people would not react, and serious discomfort, sickness or threat induced by normal sounds, lights, movements, smells, tastes, or even inner sensations such as heartbeat.
Studies using event-related potentials (ERPs) in children with the sensory over responsivity subtype found atypical neural integration of sensory input. Different neural generators could be activated at an earlier stage of sensory information processing in people with SOR than in typically developing individuals. The automatic association of causally related sensory inputs that occurs at this early sensory-perceptual stage may not function properly in children with SOR. One hypothesis is that multisensory stimulation may activate a higher-level system in frontal cortex that involves attention and cognitive processing, rather than the automatic integration of multisensory stimuli observed in typically developing adults in auditory cortex. [34]
Recent research found an abnormal white matter microstructure in children with SPD, compared with typical children and those with other developmental disorders such as autism and ADHD.[35][36]
In 1998, Mulligan found a similar pattern of deficits in a confirmatory factor analytic study.[74][75]
You might be asking yourself (or perhaps in your head, you’re asking me) wtf the point of this article even is, and why I’ve so far, refused to even give you a title (Not referring to the meta title here) well it’s to do with the subtitle of my blog “politically pissed off” and it has even more to do with a YouTube video I found on the front page of Reddit today –
Ha! Persons Unknown spun its rusty wheels, looping back and forth and creating giant plot holes in the process, until the finale when we got–nothing. We still didn’t know what the “Program” was and the characters we had hoped would escape were once again stuck. Sure, some of them had made it to level two in the middle of the ocean, but I didn’t spend thirteen hours to find out the whole show was just a video game.
It is an unfortunate fact that most people will tend to only see information which confirms their current beliefs. Thanks to choosing friends with similar beliefs, choosing news programs which report things in a way which we find agreeable, and now thanks to the filter bubble concept, even Google and Facebook are selectively giving us more of what we have previously indicated we liked and clicked on.
"It has calcium carbonate in it but mostly in the form of spicules, and the research from our lab actually found that pisaster grow faster in response to ocean acidification and consume more.
Carson said he is “still trying to find his groove” as he settles into college.
He said when he arrives home from classes, he grabs a snack and then begins his homework. When he is finished, he helps his brother with his homework. In every class, Carson managed to find a seat in the front.
Too many women have told their boyfriends their real number, only to be nagged incessantly for explicit details. (One friend of mine recounted to me in horror how her current boyfriend stopped one day in the middle of giving her oral sex to ask how his technique compared.) Other women find that their boyfriends endlessly psychoanalyze the reasons for a number that they think is too high: “Did you sleep with so many men because your father left you when you were a child?” (If I had a dollar for every woman I know who’s been asked that question, I could buy everyone reading this a Slurpee. Seriously.)
Taylor said they found out a few weeks ago there is no baseline data available for Michigan’s portion of the Maumee sub-watershed, questioning how a 40 percent reduction can be measured without that baseline.
An unfortunate consequence of this budgetary convention is that reducing federal investment is viewed as beneficial if it reduces the deficit. Moreover, it is often easier to cut investment spending than consumption, just as homeowners suffering from an income loss may find that deferring maintenance or planned improvements is the easiest way to conserve cash.
For starters, overall, low-intensity BFR training seems to be about as good for hypertrophy and strength as heavier conventional training. Kreiger found an effect size of .35 for hypertrophy and an effect size of 0.8 for strength from multi-set conventional resistance training in his meta-analysis, and Loenneke found an effect size of .39 for hypertrophy and an effect size of .58 for strength from low-intensity BFR training in his. However, it’s worth pointing out that the overall effect sizes for both hypertrophy and strength are depressed quite a bit in the low-intensity BFR training meta-analysis, since it included studies where the mode of exercise was incline treadmill walking with BFR. When only looking at resistance training studies, the effect size was 1.08 for both strength and hypertrophy (though, obviously, with a smaller sample size).
Interestingly, it seems that the additive increase in strength only applies to well-trained athletes. One study on untrained folks found that adding low-intensity BFR training to heavier training didn’t increase strength gains. It could be that untrained people are already getting all the strength benefits they could possibly get just from picking up heavy stuff, but that more well-trained people have that capacity for greater increases in strength that don’t manifest themselves because further increases in heavy training would compromise their ability to recover (since their training is already inherently more stressful). That seems plausible enough to me.
The thinner the device for cutting off venous blood flow, the better off you are. With thicker wraps, you run a greater risk of cutting off arterial blood flow. I generally use the resistance bands you can find in most gyms that some middle-aged women use for biceps curls. I get weird looks when I raid the BodyPump room in the middle of a class, but #yolo. Knee wraps can do the job as well, but bands are a better option if they’re available to you.
Sherry Gould, a 57-year-old social worker from Warner, said she loved watching people "in live-free-or-die (New Hampshire), one of the most politicalized states in the world, rise to the challenge and be able to put their partisan differences aside, find common ground."
"We felt that this point of view was extremely well suited for a stereoscopic 3D conversion," said producer Yosuke Okunari. "When we went to actually build the game out in 3D, we found that it gained a very unique sense of actually being suspended in their air, and was even more impactful than the original game. This same thing happened with 3D Galaxy Force II, where by implementing stereoscopic 3D, the game's visual view point style transcended in to its final form, you could say."
Thunder Blade has made the transition quite well, and the new hardware has done wonders for the gameplay. The frame rate is rock solid, and the controls for the 3DS are super sharp and make controlling the attack chopper feel very accurate. The left stick controls movement and altitude, while both shoulder buttons control speed (increase and decrease). Though the 3DS is a far cry from the control scheme found on the original arcade release -- which featured a flight stick and a special chair that sought to emulate the cockpit of a helicopter -- I can safely say that 3D Thunder Blade is a fine port, and the action still kept me on my toes during the hectic battles.
I was pretty damn pleased with how 3D Thunder Blade turned out. It helped to scratch that shooter itch I had after playing Space Harrier and After Burner, and Thunder Blade definitely holds its own. While the style and approach is a bit different, I still found it to be a welcome addition to the Classics series. And it's a fine 3D remaster, too. This title is a good one to close out the spring phase of the Classics series, and it'll definitely hold you over till the summer titles come a knocking.
Being an MMO means Pirates Of The Burning Sea can use other players for those interactions, whether trading or risking crew and cargo sailing through the dangerous waters of the PVP zones. But online games bring their own problems. Board a ship and you'll find yourself staring at a cooldown bar of attack options straight out of World Of Warcraft, a far less thrilling prospect than its ship-to-ship combat. And even its sailing can be seriously hampered by lag, with your ship suddenly stalling then teleporting to a different position nudged up against an outcropping of land.
The day-fare cost is uncompetitive for most local riders, compared to using an existing ORCA card. Off-peak Metro fare is $2.25, peak is up to $3; the highest ST express fare is $3.50. Most other local bus services will be less than Metro. ORCA already provides a two-hour transfer window, and paper transfers are often cut much more generously. You have to ride a lot of transit trips, spaced out through the day, to add up to more than $9. Local riders will already be quite familiar with paying as they normally do, and if it doesn’t make financial sense, they won’t use day-passes, even if they were ubiquitously available. As they will require going out of the way, to a Metro sale partner, I suspect few locals will find them attractive.
Off-peak Metro fare is $2.25, peak is up to $3; the highest ST express fare is $3.50. Most other local bus services will be less than Metro. ORCA already provides a two-hour transfer window, and paper transfers are often cut much more generously. You have to ride a lot of transit trips, spaced out through the day, to add up to more than $9. Local riders will already be quite familiar with paying as they normally do, and if it doesn’t make financial sense, they won’t use day-passes, even if they were ubiquitously available. As they will require going out of the way, to a Metro sale partner, I suspect few locals will find them attractive. The card+fare cost is uncompetitive for weekend or convention visitors. $14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle.
Did you find From Software’s previous games — Dark Souls and Demon Souls — long enough for the genre it’s in? If so, you’ll be glad to know Bloodborne will be even bigger in scope.
Within the winter season, walkers tend to be departing the actual Co Water along with levels close to sixty as well as seventy levels — fairly comfy. However through the period they are in the wheels they may be the sub-zero level blizzard. You will find walkers who’ve really succumbed towards the chilly close to the wheels as well as already been hidden within the snowfall, just found days later on once the snowfall dissolved away. Difficult to assume whenever the first is departing the heat from the canyon base.
An additional main element in Great Canyon climate may be the monsoon period, that endures through middle 06 in order to middle Sept, and may usher within damaging thunderstorms. Walkers as well as boaters have to be cautious associated with large container canyons whenever there is ANY KIND OF climate in the region. The thunderstorm in the Northern Edge can make the expensive ton within Phantom Creek sixteen kilometers aside, as well as you will find individuals that have passed away presently there along with other locations along with apparently absolutely no pre-warning. In the event that there is any kind of possibility of rainfall inside 50 kilometers in a path, prevent container canyons.
We are still having our morning meeting, but securities firm employees already can go home. This shows that men should find jobs as dealers with their high salaries and short working hours; women should marry dealers for not only are their husbands well-paid with lots of vacation time, they would also have time to go to the mall and movies with you!
From 1970 the Provisional Irish Republican Army was carrying out an armed campaign aimed ultimately at bringing about a united Ireland. As well as attacking military and political targets, it also bombed infrastructure and commercial targets in Northern Ireland and England. It believed that by damaging the economy and causing severe disruption, it could pressure the British government to negotiate a withdrawal from Northern Ireland.[13] Manchester had been the target of earlier IRA bombs. Firebombs damaged city centre businesses in 1973 and 1974, for which a man was later imprisoned. In April 1974, a bomb exploded at Manchester Magistrates' Court, injuring twelve. In 1975, IRA bomb factories were found in Greater Manchester and five men were imprisoned for planning attacks in North West England.[14] On 4 December 1992, the IRA detonated two small bombs in Manchester city centre, forcing police to evacuate thousands of shoppers. More than 60 were hurt by shattered glass and the blasts cost an estimated £10 million in damage and business losses.[15]
The first policeman to arrive on the scene noticed wires running from the van's dashboard through a hole into the back and reported that he had found the bomb. Forensic experts later estimated that the bomb weighed 1,500–1,600 kg (3,300–3,500 lb)[30] and was a mixture of semtex, a military-grade plastic explosive, and ammonium nitrate fertiliser, a cheap and easily obtainable explosive used extensively by the IRA.[32] Components of what may have been a tremble trigger were also found later, designed to detonate the bomb if it was tampered with.
On checking records of telephone calls made to the dealer, the police found that some had been made from a mobile phone registered in Ireland, and on further checking the records of that phone it appeared that the calls were made from locations consistent with the known whereabouts of the Ford truck. One call was to a known IRA member. The phone was last used at 9:23 am on the morning of the bombing, just three minutes after the bombers had parked their truck in Corporation Street. On 27 June, the phone's registered owner reported that it had been stolen 17 days earlier, but the police felt they had gathered enough evidence to bring a prosecution against the six IRA men held in London.
As of 2018, Panter and Mutch are the only people to have been arrested in connection with the bombing. Mutch was tried for "misconduct in a public office" during an 11-day trial held in January 2002, but was acquitted. During the trial Panter was found in contempt of court for refusing to reveal his source, an offence punishable by a term of imprisonment without the right of appeal. Greater Manchester Police announced in 2006 that there was no realistic chance of convicting those responsible for the bombing.[68]
I don’t often make layer cakes, I find them too much to eat and can occasionally be just a little bit too dry for my liking. Hence why I tend to make traybake’s, snack cakes and cupcakes. It’s just a personal preference of mine. But I got it into my head that I wanted a layer cake. Banana cake is almost always a moist cake but it can make a sponge dense and heavy.
Things may have slowed down with level of top quality releases in the shoe world, but that doesn’t seem to stop the punters heading to Laces Out, as other than Carlos store out in South America, you’ll be hard pressed to find unworn vintage Adidas anywhere but the Scouse trainer festival which seems to make it a favourite for those travelling.
For those oblivious to trainer culture, you can expect to find a wide variation of footwear, streetwear, local traders and exclusive previews from the likes of Adidas. Previous events have included sneak peeks of the Adidas Spezial range, early screenings of brand new sneaker channels before hitting social platforms, live music throughout the day with some guest appearances from guests such as Bobbito Garcia, Kish Kash, Neal Heard and Lecky Legs.
We have room to expand if we need to (have an empty bedroom). That one monster of a tech bench I had in storage for about 3 years since we didn’t have a place big enough to put it up (a free item that I found on Craigslist along with a full size server rack).
These were groups of people, but they were replaced by governments — by their own hands, I might add. The politicians offered benefits like merchants offer discounts, and We The People leapt for the freebie. Then they found out that the cost was the creation of a USSR-style permanent bureaucracy that determined who would succeed and who would fail on the basis of ideology.
But consider what the “polls are biased” meme asks us to believe. That dozens of national and local polls are deliberately skewing their results to find a greater proportion of Democratic voters than there are. (Not only that, but the private campaign polling that Republicans themselves say bodes poorly for Romney is also biased for Obama!) And/or: voters themselves are—from guilt? political correctness? peer pressure?—reporting themselves as identifying Democratic more than they actually do. Evidently they didn’t do this in 2008, at the apex of Obama-mania–else the pre-election polling would have shown Obama with a 20% blowout lead–but they’re in the tank now, in concert–all of them.
ES: Minority children in urban areas are increasingly being educated at schools run by the types of charter management organizations you study, yet I find that people know little if anything about the way these schools view the world.
ES: You expected that students in these kinds of schools would consider the rules oppressive, but in your study The Quest for Compliance in Schools: Unforeseen Consequences, you found that the students had come to believe that they didn’t deserve more freedom.
Legal tax avoidance schemes cost the US a lot of money, too: A recent study from Oxfam found the top 50 corporations in the US had stowed more than a trillion dollars in 1,600-plus offshore subsidiary companies while still receiving trillions in federal funds, whether in the form of a loan or a bailout. Their tax avoidance practices cost the US more than $110 billion every year, according to Oxfam's report.
First, tax havens' major beneficiaries are multinational corporations that have powerful lobbyists. According to the Oxfam study, a corporation is run by a "multibillion dollar army of lobbyists to influence federal policy," which not only guarantees them millions in loans, loan guarantees, and bailouts, but also finds ways to eventually bring the money they have stored offshore back into the country without exorbitant taxes.
It's true this sort of tax-avoidance scheming has been going on forever; it has long been documented that people try to find every possible way to pay fewer taxes.
Two suspicious packages that were found at Gower Park last week.
Bruce Mercer Auckland's Defence Force team set up a robot at Gower Park, Hamilton, where a suspicious package was found this morning.
Hamilton police Senior Sergeant Neil Faulkner said police received a call from Hamilton City Council staff who found a suspicious item in the women's toilet about 8.30am Monday.
The bomb squad had recently used the robot to destroy a suspicious bag that had been found abandoned in the Hamilton IRD building on Bryce St. Police later tracked down the owner of the small blue bag left in the foyer who said she had forgotten she left it there.
The researchers were able to synthesize two naturally occurring macrocycles, epothilone and nakadomarin. Epothilone, originally found in a soil-dwelling bacterium, blocks cancer cells from dividing by interfering with the cell skeleton; several variants of the compound are now in clinical trials for the treatment of cancer. Nakadomarin, first discovered in a marine sponge, has both anticancer and antimicrobial activity.
The cis configuration is found in most naturally occurring compounds. Hoveyda speculates that the cis configuration might be better able to interact with biological structures such as cell receptors, or is better able to cross the cell membrane. Unfortunately, most metathesis reactions produce a mixture of cis and trans, with trans usually predominating (up to 80 percent). Mixtures of cis and trans products are very difficult to separate.
Elizabethan pennies are very small, and are often found creased or bent. The obverse bears the legend E D G ROSA SINE SPINA — Elizabeth by the grace of God a rose without a thorn — around a left-facing bust of the queen, while the reverse bears the legend CIVITAS LONDON — City of London. All pennies were minted at the Tower mint, in London.
Weak sales mean Merivaara has had to lay off staff as Finland fails to find an exit from a two-year recession. That spiral of lost jobs and income is also wrecking the country’s cherished reputation for sound public finances.
Foreigners hold 90 percent of its sovereign debt, and Finland may find its cost of borrowing drifting higher as debt investors look more closely at its current performance.
At the top of your life mountain, in the green zone, you have your Tier 1 friends—those who feel like brothers and sisters. These are the people closest to you, those you call first when something important happens, those you love even when they suck, who make speeches at your wedding, whose best and worst sides you know through and through, and whose relationship with you is eternal—even if you go months or years without hanging out, nothing has changed when you find yourself together again. Unfortunately, depending on how things went down in your youth, Tier 1 can also contain your worst enemies, the people who can ruin your day with one subtle jab that only they could word so brilliantly hurtfully, the people you feel a burning resentment for, or jealousy of, or competition with. Tier 1 is high stakes.
Think of a friend you get together with from time to time, which usually happens after a long and lackluster email or text exchange during which you just can’t find a time that works for both of you—and you’re never really happy when these plans are being made and not really psyched when you wake up and it’s finally on your schedule for that day.
This is a rare Tier 3 friend, or even an acquaintance, who qualifies as an odd friendship, because you found a way to make it unhealthy even though you’re not actually friends. Well done.
There’s something I call the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap. When you haven’t seen a good friend in a long time, the first order of business is a big catch-up—you want to know what’s going on in their career, with their girlfriend, with their family, etc., and they want to catch up on your life. In theory, once this happens, you can go back to just hanging out, shooting the shit, and actually being in the friendship. The problem is, when you don’t make enough time for good friends, seeing them only for a meal and not that often—you end up spending each get-together catching up, and you never actually get to just enjoy the friendship or get far past the surface. That’s the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap, and I find myself falling into it with way too many of the rocks in my life.
That’s certainly how it worked out for Hyman. Soon after declining Starbucks’s buyout offer, Hyman received the expected news that the company was opening up next to one of his stores. But instead of panicking, he decided to call his friend Jim Stewart, founder of the Seattle’s Best Coffee chain, to find out what really happens when a Starbucks opens nearby. “You’re going to love it,” Stewart reported. “They’ll do all of your marketing for you, and your sales will soar.” The prediction came true: Each new Starbucks store created a local buzz, drawing new converts to the latte-drinking fold. When the lines at Starbucks grew beyond the point of reason, these converts started venturing out—and, Look! There was another coffeehouse right next-door! Hyman’s new neighbor boosted his sales so much that he decided to turn the tactic around and start targeting Starbucks. “We bought a Chinese restaurant right next to one of their stores and converted it, and by God, it was doing $1 million a year right away,” he said.
Now, lest we get carried away with the happy civic results of Starbucks’ global expansion, I hasten to point out that the company isn’t exactly thrilled to have this effect on its local competitors’ sales. Starbucks is actually trying to be ruthless in its store placements; it wants those independents out of the way, and it frequently succeeds at displacing them through other means, such as buying a mom and pop’s lease or intimidating them into selling out. Beyond the frothy drinks and the touchy-feely decor, Starbucks runs on considerable competitive fire. Consider Tracy Cornell, a former Starbucks real-estate dealmaker who found and locked up a staggering 900 North American retail sites for the company in her decade-plus career. “It was sort of piranha-like,” Cornell told me of her work for Starbucks. “It was just talking to landlords, seeing who was behind on their rent. All I needed was an opening like that, where the landlord wanted out. I was looking for tenants who were weak.”
He started college later than most people and recently graduated. He has a decent job and is job hunting to find something better and more within his degree path. Like me, he has a solid family, great parents who've never been divorced and a sibling married with kids.
You won't find a mention of the Qi standard anywhere on Google's product page, but that appears to be what the Nexus charger is using. It's listed as being compatible with the Nexus 4, Nexus 5, and the 2013 Nexus 7, but it should also work fine with other Qi-enabled phones (or phones with Qi-compatible charging cases).
Everyone knows that the best sounding music comes from high quality speakers. And whether you bought those speakers at a big box store or out of the back of a van, they're probably big. Too big to carry around when you want to make noise on the go. After all, you have to blast the Imperial March when the CEO walks into the board room, right? If you don't, you might find yourself on the receiving end of another Force Choke.
That’s enough rugby talk for August. Go to YouTube and the usual action clips of Gopperth can be found but it’s the eight minute, freeze-frame surfing montage, replete with slick tunes that’s really worth a look.
“Growing up in New Zealand the beach was on my back doorstep so I grew up in the sea. Having a good coastline here, even the east coast, we went diving, I found a few lobsters . . .”
Savings to be found at hospitals, prisons
Image: This animation shows the position of the five planets of Kepler-80 whenever the outer two planets (green and red) pass by one another, about every 27 days over the course of four years of observations by NASA’s Kepler Space Telescope. Due to the rare synchronized nature of the system, the middle two planets (blue and purple) also return to almost exactly the same location. The innermost planet (yellow) is not synchronized and hence is found at a random location every 27 days. MacDonald et al. 2016 were able to show that this pattern indicates formation by “migration,” where the orbits shrink very slightly over time. The orbits are to scale with each other, but the planets are shown 50 times larger. The outer four planets are all about 4-6 times the mass of the Earth. The inner three planets (blue, purple, and yellow) appear rocky and the outer two planets (green and red) are likely rocky with a very puffy Hydrogen/Helium atmosphere. Credit: MacDonald/Ragozzine/FIT.
And as the first director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA-E), Dr. Majumdar oversees the Department of Energy's investments in high-risk, high-reward projects -- such as work to invent better batteries for electric vehicles, create smarter electric grid infrastructure, explore energy-efficient cooling of buildings, find new ways to create liquid fuels using microorganisms, and many more projects to accelerate the development and deployment of key energy technologies.
When I first started the game I was immediately struggling to figure out my purpose as I had never previously played this game and I was not familiar with any of the objectives. I find it extremely satisfying when you have to slowly figure out things for yourself as opposed to being given too many hints and obvious paths to follow at the beginning of the game. Even so it wasn’t long before I was getting into the groove and creating plenty of chaos!
Thanks a lot for checking out this article! I hope you found it interesting and informative! Please let me know if you have any questions or comments either below or on one of my social outlets! I really appreciate it. Also, if you think that you have something article worthy let me know! I love collaborating with the community! Thanks again!
The comment comes after members of Trump’s future cabinet separated themselves from the president-elect on a series of issues, including Russia, torture and Muslim immigration. Partly as a result the nominees have gotten mostly gentle treatment from Senate Democrats who say they’ve found the cabinet choices more palatable than the future president himself. “As I meet members of the cabinet I’m puzzled because many of them sound reasonable,” said Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat. “Far more reasonable than their president.”
Bar patrons who are clearly intoxicated and refuse to participate in Know Your Limit can be arrested for being intoxicated in public, but are mostly encouraged to find a ride home.
What the Special Operations team had been doing here was a mystery—at least, a mystery to those who really needed to know, which at the current moment included Sergeant Furusawa and her two three-person fireteams trudging onwards from the drop zone. The planet had a name, a real one, according to the brief—Hrostar—but to the Fleet it was just Warworld 3663. A lump of ice, big enough for Earth-type gravity, but slightly too far out of its sun’s Goldilocks Zone to comfortably support much life worth writing home about. And since contact with the Spec Ops team had been lost five cycles ago, the Fleet war catalog had been updated, changing the planet’s entry to Warworld 3663Ω—Omega for “danger unspecified.” The Spec Ops team had apparently met that danger, and now Furusawa’s search and rescue ground team was here to find them.
The line of marines stopped. “Here” was a featureless patch of snow, indistinguishable from the terrain they’d spent the last two hours slogging through. The marines fell out of line, each looking around, as if expecting to find a giant X emblazoned on the white ground. Grec turned slowly, eyes to the horizon. The sky was just a shade darker than the ground, but the heads-up display of her visor enhanced the view, throwing up a reference grid and picking out the difference with ease. Without the HUD, Grec thought, they’d be nearly blind.
We’ll find her, trust me. And then—
Khouri was dead. She knew it. That voice—the one that had reported in after they’d rebooted their psi-fi the first time—it wasn’t her, she knew it. They’d all heard it, but she knew. It had been different. It was something else. Psi-Corporal Maryam Khouri wasn’t out there, waiting for rescue. The other Psi-Marines, Bowen and Palladio, hadn’t been able to find her with their minds, which meant one thing.
Grec opened and closed her mouth a few times, unable to find quite the right words. She wanted Khouri to be alive, to be out there somewhere on the snow plain, lost but dug in, knowing that all she had to do was stay put and conserve power and keep warm and the others would collect her later. The Fleet left no one behind, not now, not ever.
“Don’t you get it?” said Anderson. He leapt forward, grabbing the pistol from the distracted Sergeant’s hand. She made a grab towards him, then backed off as she found herself covered by the marine. Anderson waved them all together, until the trio were backed against the rear of the cave.
They found Psi-Marine Bowen’s body just outside the cave entrance, a single plasma bolt wound on the back of his head. Anderson must have set his sidearm to silent and shot the Psi-Marine while he was watching the darkness outside.
Grec had been right. Anderson had found something under the ice, where the heatsticks had begun to melt the cave floor.
An entire division of the Fleet was dedicated to studying this process, hoping to find some flaw, some secret which would enable the Fleet to get the upper hand in a war that was going poorly.
But a Spider egg on a planet? It was embedded in the side of the hills, making it mistakable for a natural cavern. It must have crashed, split open, disgorging an undeveloped Spider which, perhaps following a natural instinct, had found protection by burrowing into the snow. It must have been an accidental arrival, because Warworld 3663 was light years from anywhere, and uninhabited—of no interest to the Spiders, and, consequently, of no interest to the Fleet.
Furusawa ignored her and turned back to the machine. “You wanted to know what my orders were. You might well get the chance to find out.”
She’d found Palladio’s body lying a few yards away, thrown clear from the falling Spider. She dragged him and the sergeant away from the wrecked Spider, which lay smoking in the slushy snow.
She’d searched Furusawa’s body, found nothing out of the ordinary. No sealed orders, no secret ID card that revealed her true rank and identity. As far as the official record would go, she was just a First Sergeant in the Fleet Marine Corps. Killed in action, Warworld 3663. The Omega classification could be removed, at least.
Left to their own devices yeasts will most of the time keep eating up any sugar they find until there is nothing left, resulting in dry cider. But not always. The traditional production method for French ciders, for example, starves the yeasts of other essential nutrients so that they more or less give up before all the sugar has been consumed. The result is a naturally sweet often quite complex and wonderful cider. A similar process can be used in the making of ice cider, which starts with highly concentrated (by freezing and thawing) juice and results in a very sweet dessert cider (upwards of 165 g/L) that more often than not avoids being cloying by wrapping all that sugar around a sturdy backbone of bright acid.
There are a handful of cider companies (such as Seattle Cider Company and Redbyrd Orchard Cider) that have taken it upon themselves to add some sort of scale information on their label in an attempt to help consumers find their way through the fog. This sort of information along with the writings of thoughtful reviewers, those that work hard to describe a full range of a cider’s characteristics not just whether or not they liked it, can help to bring some clarity to an otherwise murky area.
Meanwhile, here’s hoping that the next time a new cider company’s marketing team sits down to describe what sets the company apart he/she/they work a little harder to find something a little more original to say.
Sen. Mark Warner Mark Robert WarnerHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win MORE (Va.), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee who has been a leading critic of Facebook's handling of the probe into Russian activity on its platform, called the move a "necessary first step."
“We will continue our investigation into what happened on Facebook in this election. We may find more, and if we do, we will continue to work with the government,” Zuckerberg said during a Facebook Live.
Warner and Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller’s investigation MORE (R-N.C.), chairman of the Senate Intelligence panel, say they plan to have Facebook, and potentially other companies, testify on the matter in the fall.
The spokesperson declined to comment on if it has found evidence of Russian influence on its platform.
Merkel was complaining to Zuckerberg about posts by Facebook users who were critical to the hordes of Muslim migrants who are flooding Germany and other European countries. Zuckerberg responded that: “[W]e need to do some work” on curtailing anti-immigrant posts about the refugee crisis. “Are you working on this?” Merkel asked in English, to which Zuckerberg replied in the affirmative before the transmission was disrupted. What pretense will Facebook use to ban Germans from legitimately discussing the policy concerns of their country, which purports to be a democracy? Racism, of course: Loading... We are committed to working closely with the German government on this important issue,” Debbie Frost, a spokeswoman for Menlo Park, California-based Facebook, said via e-mail. “We think the best solutions to dealing with people who make racist and xenophobic comments can be found when service providers, government and civil society all work together to address this common challenge. But can a true democracy exist when the public, who are supposed to be ultimate authority for the government, are not permitted to frankly debate policies?
This line will compile, but this is ugly… I hope cpp committee will fix this casting issue. Meanwhile, the best solution i found so far is the following:
Introduction is over, let’s start some more real-life coding here. Let’s assume we want to find some user inside database by id. And while doing that we also want log the process duration, check that requesting party is authorised to perform such request (security check), check for database request fail, and, finally, check in local cache for instant results.
Last thing in this example – let’s treat not found user as error.
Checking (let’s find user with id 2):
The Aztex begin the 2015 USL season on March 28 against Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC. A complete Aztex schedule can be found at AustinAztex.com.
My fellow staff like to collect the unusual ones. Clips, pins, staples, nails (!), tabs, and types whose names I couldn’t begin to fathom—we have come across an astounding variety among the records. Customer Service Division chief Diane Dimkoff told me that she once found an inch-and-a-half-long thorn holding papers together! They were Army records from the field during World War II; you had to make do with what you had.
Duration of exposure and field strength, gradient, rate of change, and orientation along or perpendicular to flow are variously cited as important to the results.[7] Magnetic water treatment proponent Klaus Kronenberg proposed that the shapes of solute lime molecules are modified by strong magnetic fields, leading them to precipitate as spherical or round crystals rather than deposit as sheets or platelets of hard crystals.[8] Simon Parsons of the School of Water Sciences at Cranfield University proposed that the magnetic field reduces the surface charge on small particles, increasing the tendency to coagulate as large particles that stay with the flow rather than depositing as scale. However, an internal study in 1996 at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory found no difference in preferred crystal structure of scale deposited in magnetic water treatment systems.[9]
On the other hand, they found being satisfied can lead to good communication
In the moral antagonist we find a more complicated—and often more compelling—character, since he presents more parallels than contrasts with the protagonist.
CHRIS HAYES: Van Jones says he never actually signed the 9/11 truther petition that prompted that spout of outrage, and he maintained from the start it did not reflect his actual views. But just that tiny little brush with trutherism was enough to get the guy drummed out of the White House. And all this got me thinking about what exactly should constitute a disqualifier when it comes to those who want to hold public office or even work in the government. Joining me now, Bob Herbert, distinguished senior fellow with Demos; Christina Bellantoni, editor-in-chief of Roll Call; and Richard Kim, executive editor of TheNation.com. I am really interested in the boundaries of taboo and consensus and what are the kinds of things that are the kinds of things that politicians can argue about, and the kinds of things that kind of place them off the table. And I thought it was interesting to see the Ernst campaign felt that that claim about WMD was an off-the-table kind of claim they had to then deny, which I found to be progress of a sort. Are there certain things you think, Bob, that should be in the kind of off-the-table category that aren't currently in the off-the-table category?
I just find it hard to believe that you’re down to see other people go up there and get Best Director.
The Shadow Chancellor argued that the Labour Party needs to draw upon its radical, co-operative tradition to find a way out of the current economic crisis. “With consortium co-operatives providing an effective means for new businesses to share and reduce costs, we’d look to support these at a local level, working with local authorities, businesses and trade unions,” he said.
But, Sheppard told Space.com, "if it's not on the extreme ends of the orbit or the size, then Subaru should be able to find it."
"We're trying to find many more of these smaller objects, which could lead us to the bigger object," he said.
"I find this really compelling," Brown said. "I think it's there. But, like everybody else, I want to see it."
Why spend $900 million and 2,800 workers on a big behavior detection program when it was objectively shown that it was being misused? And don’t make matters worse by spending even more money to hire a consultant to try and find the system’s faults.
More than 65 million years ago, the Earth’s oceans were populated with many animals still found there today, like fish, krill and sharks. But one of the oceans’ biggest predators, the plesiosaurs, went extinct at the same time as the dinosaurs on land.
“In our 1984 paper, we described the unusual teeth of Morturneria and their probable function,” he said. “However, our new international team, who had worked on plesiosaurs from many continents, found them fascinating and unique.”
The team’s finding, published in the new issue of the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology, is that Morturneria used a filter-feeding method. This feeding style is unknown in other marine reptiles but is found in today’s baleen whales. F. Robin O’Keefe of Marshall University was the article’s lead author.
I plan to report only "bright" Supernova (above mag 17.5) on this page. Note that you are going to need a big telescope to find most of these things, for instance, a "Mag 14" SN probably won't be visible to the eye in anything less than a 10" telescope. A CCD, however, can often detect a Mag 14 object with a much smaller objective. Those SN which are easily findable by amateurs (above mag 14.0) will be in red .
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Toronto’s eight gunfire victims in January: Jan 4: Joseph Petit, 17, is shot in front of his home in Danforth Village. He dies in hospital. No arrests. Jan. 19: Tevin James, 22, is shot in an Etobicoke apartment and dies three days later. Frederick Leon, 20, is charged with second-degree murder. Jan. 20: Alfredo Patriarca, 42, is found shot to death in a garage in Etobicoke. No arrests. Jan. 20: A gunman kills Alva Dixon, 70, and wounds a man in his 40s as they sit in a parked van in East Toronto. No arrests. Jan. 24: Adedotun Agunbiade, 28, is shot to death during a private party at a hair salon in a strip mall in Scarborough. No arrests. Jan. 29: Former Mafia boss Rocco Zito, 87, is gunned down in his home near Yorkdale Shopping Centre. His son-in-law, Domenico Scopelliti, 51, is charged with first-degree murder. Jan. 31: Two people are killed and three wounded outside a restaurant in Chinatown.
In 2007, Gari-Lynn Smith received her husband’s autopsy report and learned that some remains had not been found in time to include in his casket.
Over the next four years, she tried to find out what happened to those body parts. A Dover mortuary official notified her in April that they had been cremated and taken to the landfill.
Limit your visits to the mall. I’ve been living in Charlottesville for a month now and I haven’t been to the mall once. I have no need to, unless I’m replacing an item of clothing that’s worn out or doesn’t fit me right anymore. Idle shopping usually results in idle purchases. If you must go to the mall, go in with a purpose – to find a new pair of black dress pants or to replace your favorite pumps.
Stop reading fashion, makeup, natural hair and thrifting blogs. I feel so conflicted about this one, as I love the creativity and artistry with which my fellow bloggers put into their sites. But there are many that I just don’t read, not because I have a problem with the bloggers themselves, but because I know that the whole purpose of their site is to recommend that I buy new clothes, buy old clothes, buy more makeup or buy every new natural hair product line that comes out. If you read blogs to get new information, inspiration or to support the writers, great! But when you find yourself feeling like you have to buy every new lip gloss that beauty bloggers review, it may be time to switch up the blogs you give your attention to.
Since both inline-styling and customizing existing Sitecore files i.e. the webedit.css are frowned upon, I needed to find a way to inject the stylesheet into the EE. I attempted to implement a solution using “PageExtenders” that I found on blogs by Pavel Veller, Mike Reynolds and Kamruz Jaman, but I failed.
I want to figure out a way to implement my solution that is more flexible than hard coding the Stylesheet’s file in code and it must not involve any customizations to Sitecore items and files. Normally I would give a lecture on how customizing Sitecore items or files creates upgrade headaches, but rumor has it Speak UI is becoming extinct. Which means this post will probably lose all relevance in about 2 months. Let’s live for today and continue the quest to find a better solution to the issue. I am going to blog as I try to figure this out. Hopefully I figure this out quickly so the post doesn’t become insanely long.
After searching for some unique words found in the source such as “scClientSettings”, I was led the ScriptResources.cs and the GetClientSettings extension method. Next, I needed to find what was calling this method. After a quick search, I found two files, WebEditRibbon.cs and RibbonWebControl.cs.
I hope you found this post informative. Thanks for reading.
The imperial standard yard of 1855 was found to be unstable and shortening by measurable amounts (Barbrow & Judson 1976, 16). Also, the mint pound was found to be “likewise unfit for use.” For several years before the Mendenhall order was actually issued, the Office of Weights and Measures was “practically forced” to use the metric standards because of their superior stability, and because they were better designed for carrying out precision comparisons. The Office found that the conversion tables in the 1866 law were satisfactory and used them to derive customary length and mass from the metric standards. The conversions were 1 yard = ​3600⁄ 3937 meter and 1 pound = 0.4535924277 kilogram. The Mendenhall order amounted to a formal announcement of a change that had already occurred (Mendenhall 1922).
Always Trying to Escape When I was a student at MIT I was interested only in science; I was no good at anything else. But at MIT there was a rule: You have to take some humanities courses to get more "culture." Besides the English classes required were two electives, so I looked through the list, and right away I found astronomy--as a humanities course! So that year I escaped with astronomy. Then next year I looked further down the list, past French literature and courses like that, and found philosophy. It was the closest thing to science I could find.
Another time I'm dreaming and I hear "knock-knock; knock-knock." Something was happening in the dream that made this knocking fit, but not perfectly--it seemed sort of foreign. I thought: "Absolutely guaranteed that this knocking is coming from outside my dream, and I've invented this part of the dream to fit with it. I've got to wake up and find out what the hell it is."
During the time of making observations in my dreams, the process of waking up was a rather fearful one. As you're beginning to wake up there's a moment when you feel rigid and tied down, or underneath many layers of cotton batting. It's hard to explain, but there's a moment when you get the feeling you can't get out; you're not sure you can wake up. So I would have to tell myself--after I was awake--that that's ridiculous. There's no disease I know of where a person falls asleep naturally and can't wake up. You can always wake up. And after talking to myself many times like that, I became less and less afraid, and in fact I found the process of waking up rather thrilling--something like a roller coaster: After a while you're not so scared, and you begin to enjoy it a little bit.
Beyond these very real consequences, I find the psychology of these cases deeply disturbing. I try to put myself in the shoes of someone exposed as a fraud, and think about what it must feel like to be them. What would it feel like to receive respect, admiration, job offers, and even honors and awards, knowing that they are based on falsehoods? Honest, authentic human connections would seem impossible, if I knew I was not the person that my peers, students, and colleagues thought I was. How isolating would that be, how lonely? How present would fear of exposure be in daily life? And how humiliating and downright frightening would it be to be exposed and lose everything—job, career, status, respect? Just thinking about it, I feel ill. It’s inexplicable to me that someone with obvious intelligence, ambition, and talent would risk everything by falsifying data.
Perhaps these cases seem inexplicable because we find out about them at the end, when the fraud has been exposed. By that time, bad choices leading to minor transgressions have escalated into outright career-killing fraud, likely in ways that were never intended. Bernie Madoff surely didn’t begin his Ponzi scheme planning to steal $50 billion. Social psychologists probably don’t begin down the path to scientific misconduct by inventing a study’s worth of data from whole cloth, while foreseeing that this would eventually cause their entire program of research to be doubted. These cases surely began as small missteps, smoothing over uncooperative results of one form or another. Cases of fraud are more understandable when we think about how they begin and escalate, not how they end.
To be fair, we are all flawed, nonperfect human beings. Although the well-being of our science and our society, require that fraud be punished severely, merely focusing on the perpetrator may divert our attention from the fraud within us all. Although we don’t all fabricate data or run Ponzi schemes, if we look closely at our lives, surely all of us can find places where we took that first step, and perhaps several, down one slippery slope or another. Perhaps we transgressed in some minor way–snapped at our children, or borrowed a few words from someone without attribution. Perhaps we refused a request for some service or another because we wanted to focus on advancing our own careers. Because people are human, if we look for things we’ve done that violate, even just a tiny bit, our own moral values, surely we will find them.
That doesn’t mean it’s all doom and gloom for the president. The Post/ABC poll also finds some surprisingly positive evaluations of the commander in chief’s performance on certain issues. More than half of Americans—53 percent—say Trump is a strong leader, including 25 percent of Democrats. Plus 73 percent of Americans approve of the way he has been pressuring companies to keep jobs in the country. A plurality—46 percent—also approve of the way he has been handling North Korea. The president also gets high marks for his recent military actions in Syria, which 62 percent of Americans say they support, according to the NBC/WSJ poll.
After all, America historically finds greatest unity and patriotic pride when facing its biggest threats; surely this one qualifies?
If you fancy a bet, you can find the latest odds on the big race here.
I have been tattooed twice, say, the usual-machine-way and I’m not sure when I started the decision to have a traditional tattoo at least once. It appealed to me so much because it was raw and real. Then some friends went up the mountains to have their tattoos done manually, known as pagbabatok, by famous Whang Od (if you don’t know yet, it’s pronounced as Fang-Od). So I researched more about the traditional art, Whang-Od, and how to get there, through blogs and friends. So if you’ve read the title, I’m not really getting into those details. You can find tons of info in any search engine so go ahead and do that.
Thankfully, Keisha’s tattoo looked the same. So we tried to find out more about the healing process of this kind of tattoo and nothing in the internet mentioned it. So we just resorted to letting it heal naturally.
All details mentioned were my own experiences and choices. I decided to share them since I found no other blog saying what happens AFTER you get your batok.
The "Deep State" best describes the invisible labyrinth of power which truly controls the United States no matter which party is in power against which a President Donald Trump will find himself doing battle against as his first press conference illustrates where Trump let rip into the mainstream press (CNN) as he reacted to the CIA's leaking of another MI6 dodgy dossier to the mainstream press, calling it all 'Fake News', fake intelligence by something that could have come out of Nazi Germany.
The exception I’ll make is for places that have found ethnic neighborhoods spring up around them. I’ve been to some bars in Silver Spring and Annandale where the cooks were Latin American and talked the owners into putting quesadillas or empanadas on the menu, and they’re better than the American dive food.
Gibson was at the center of many trade rumors last summer when the Bulls pursued Carmelo Anthony in free agency and were weighing options on how to offer him the most money, so it’s not surprising that Gibson’s name has popped up again. Still, the report on him being connected to “much of the league” seemed to suggest Gibson had a huge “for sale” sign hanging on him, which Wojnarowski hasn’t found to be the case.
However, if I also have Princess Leia. who becomes insanely better when you can control when she leaves play, now I have four characters I can draw into that all my leave play effects work well with. Add in Bright Hope that comes with the Rebel Han that removes a token of any type from itself when another friendly unit leaves play, and you have lots of reasons to have characters leaving play. This is not to mention Sith damage decks that find ways of removing lots of units just about every turn!
Until next time, I’ll be seeing if I can’t find a way to make a viable Scum deck… As always, may the Force be with you.
Now coach Rangnick, who almost got the Everton job in the summer, has been tasked to find a club in England for their latest move into ownership.
Wives bringing in coffee is the last thing you’d find in the Radsch empire, where citizens are so indifferent to gender that men and women act and dress alike and are often hard to distinguish, especially for an AI like Breq. The Radsch language also makes no distinction between men and women, a fact that’s reflected in the text by the decision to use the pronouns “she” and “her” for every character regardless of gender. The fact that readers will never really know the genders of most of the major characters has created an interesting challenge for fan artists, who have to rely on personal impressions when it comes to depicting the characters.
“Like a lot of writers, I’m a serious introvert, and talking to strangers, going out into a place—the grocery store or whatever—and talking to somebody I don’t know is really very difficult. … In college I got a job as a waitress, and in a lot of ways it was not a fun job, but in a lot of ways it was really very beneficial, because I didn’t know how those interactions were supposed to go with people I didn’t know well. But working for several years as a waitress you learn really quickly a couple of default scripts, so you know exactly what the interaction is going to be when the person sits down at the table. And then after a few months I’m like, ‘Oh, I can switch it up a bit. I can say, ‘Hey, it’s pretty rainy outside,’ and get a particular response to that. … And that’s something I found really very useful. But what it means is that I’m not the kind of person that those interactions come to naturally, and so when I’m thinking about Breq, I’m thinking about my own experience of, ‘Here I am talking to a person, now I need to pick a script.'”
“It’s a common part of the narrative of the history of Christianity that it was ‘real’ religion that involved real spirituality and real faith, and that’s why it’s completely superseded the more pagan polytheistic practices. I grew up Roman Catholic in a majority Roman Catholic city, and it wasn’t until I was about college age that I discovered some of the attitudes people who aren’t Catholic have toward Roman Catholicism—that it’s pagan superstition which has been superseded by true religiousness. … I’m not Catholic anymore, I’m an atheist, but I find that really offensive and hateful. If you look at anybody’s religious beliefs and practices that aren’t yours, they seem kind of shallow, and they don’t make sense, and they don’t have any resonance. … It’s really easy to look back, particularly with the way we’re taught in school about Greek and Roman paganism, that they’re just these stories, and these stories ‘explain’ why there’s lightning or why there’s winter and why there’s spring, because otherwise they didn’t understand it, they were just so ignorant, right? I think a lot of ancient polytheistic religions worked very differently from the way that Christianity works, but I do not think they were any less important to the people who lived those religions.”
Games were no longer about levelling up and acquiring the BFG9000; they involved complex protagonists with unique skills, difficult decisions, and complicated moral outlooks. Whether it’s the immersive environments of Scott Lunch’s Camorr, the unconventional morality of Abercrombie’s Logen Ninefingers, the deliciously over-the-top Allomantic battles in Sanderson’s Mistborn books, or the rich and sprawling world of Novik’s Temeraire, it is easy to find parallels between game worlds and the class of 2006.
It is one of the most important pilgrimage sites in Pakistan for the country’s minority Hindus. Because it is located near Karachi, the Islamic country’s only cosmopolitan city, Hindus find Hinglaj easily accessible.
It’s on the court, Grossman said, that Larrañaga and the Hurricanes have found a brief respite from their off-court issues.
“He stood in the street in front of the house and continued to threaten me and my wife,” wrote Mr. Wint’s father in a handwritten application for a protective order filed in Prince George’s County District Court. “Threats were to be on the lookout for him, I should have made the officer pat him and they would have found what he had under his clothing for me.”
First responders found their bodies May 14 inside the Savopouloses’ multi-million-dollar Woodley Park home after responding to extinguish a fire there. The family is believed to have been held captive in the home the night before, and media reports indicate that $40,000 in cash was delivered to the home shortly before the fire broke out the afternoon of May 14.
Thank you for your vocation, your bold witness to the truth and beauty of the Church’s teaching, and your blog. I’ve been in [JESUIT SCHOOL] for my theological studies for the past three years and found your blog encouraging and grounding to say the least. Please pray for me and the twelve other men being ordained with me. For the greater part we are a solid JPII/Benedict group and I have a lot of hope for the good things we might do to do right by our Founder’s great vision.
The probe found the videos were not being kept in a secure environment. They were left on a desk and were password-protected, but not encrypted. The ICO said the studio had no alarm and ‘insufficient security’.
Arrangements surrounding collection and delivery of un-encrypted DVDs were found by the ICO to constitute an ongoing contravention of the Data Protection Act.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – State commerce officials say a statewide sweep of gas stations last month found nine hidden credit card skimmers, which criminals use to steal credit and debit card information from unsuspecting customers.
A transcription of the most notable moments from the interview can be found at HuffPo.
In fact, a recent British survey found that 14 percent of wives spy on their hubbies' e-mails, 13 percent read his texts and 10 percent check his Web-surfing history. (The same survey found that about half as many men keep up the same spousal spying). An Australian survey found that 73 percent of those who check their partners' texts found out things they later wished they hadn't.
So take a deep breath, and reveal exactly what you were doing (grabbing her phone to find Tommy's number, as requested), exactly what you saw (Was that a MySpace shot of a dude with his shirt off?!), and exactly how it's making you feel (ashamed that you accidentally snooped; suspicious of this beefcake; inadequate about your own pecs; slightly turned on).
Gordon Tietjens has a habit of turning prospects into world beaters, and had this dynamo from Auckland not been injured for the entirety of the ITM Cup he might already be plying his trade in Super Rugby, but instead he is regaining his fitness on the circuit once more. The nephew of current Connacht coach and former Manu Samoa legend Pat Lam has a strong pedigree and stronger strides. Formerly a hulking winger, he is now found more often in the midfield, sucking in defenders and creating space for the likes Sherwin Stowers and George Tilsley out wide.
In 2007 Corning introduced an optic fiber, ClearCurve, which uses nanostructure technology to facilitate the small radius bending found in FTTX installations.
The activists, which included Joshua Stephens, Don Bryant and two others, showed up at McGinty's office in the Cuyahoga County Justice Center about noon Wednesday, hoping to find out when a grand jury will hear evidence in the two November deaths involving Cleveland police.
Once the group explained they were asked to come to the office, the deputy agreed to let them stay for a few minutes, until they found out if they could meet with McGinty, Stephens said.
A Cleveland judge found probable cause that Loehmann and Garmback should be charged for their respective roles in the shooting.
“Back in 2012 and 2013, we started doing research among our fans, and we found out pretty quickly that WWE fans were consuming a lot of digital content online, about five times the national average,” WWE chief revenue and marketing officer Michelle Wilson told Adweek. “So while we were originally going down the path of launching a linear TV network, when we saw this data the light bulb went off for us and we felt this was an opportunity for us to go direct to our consumers.”
Meanwhile, this journey of discovery is juxtaposed with Finch and Crane’s mad dash to find Alice. Adding to the desperation of the search is their attempt to make sense of the evening’s brutal violence. Throw in a meeting between Finch and Marigold–along with Crane alluding to an even more improbable upcoming alliance–and you’ve got a couple of riveting plot lines to follow.
The opposition of the workers, however, finds no expression in the program of the main opposition party, SYRIZA. Although the party uses its election campaigns to pose as an opponent of the austerity policy, it actively supports the EU and its brutal program of social reaction.
I used Pitch F/X data from Joe Lefkowitz’s site to find Slowey’s batted ball distribution over the 2008 to 2010 seasons. I also included the MLB averages for pitchers, provided by Harry Pavlidis at The Hardball Times. These numbers differ from the BIS data on Slowey’s player page, but you’ll note a clear change in his batted ball profile:
As people, we rely way too much on appearance and how people perceive us. There is a need to be accepted and liked ingrained within almost every mind. It is such that in today’s society, it is difficult to find any single person, let alone any company that accepts all the colours in the crayon box.
Sarkeesian then took the stage, beginning with what she said was a simple assertion: “video games matter.” She said that while it is not “a simple one-to-one correlation,” the media that people consume influences them, which is why criticism, especially feminist criticism, is important. Sarkeesian said she started Feminist Frequency because she was frustrated at the inaccessibility of feminist thought she discovered in college and wanted to use pop culture as a way to engage a wider audience with feminism. Her first series of Feminist Frequency videos dissected tropes in pop culture at large, and after they found moderate success, she decided to release a second series. Noticing that almost all of the tropes she was interested in were prevalent in video games, Sarkeesian decided that this series of videos would specifically discuss tropes in gaming.
My linguistic skills improved slowly over the next year, with frequent visits to Georgia, me listening to Georgian radio and news in my office in London, and a year to the day that I first visited Georgia, I decided to move there. I got a job as a Medical Director and my daily sentence structure mostly consisted of an English base, with some Russian words thrown in and ending it with ‘Aba ra’ – I didn’t really know what I was saying, but knew I could finish off a sentence this way without sounding too conspicuous. I recently had a conversation with my friend about the meaning of the word ‘Aba’, and how it can be translated into English. To this day, I cannot find one single word to define its numerous connotations in Georgian.
I owe a lot to my job there, and to the people I had around me. I truly believe that if they had have spoken more English, my level of Georgian would not be where it’s at today. As the days, weeks and months rolled by, I found myself conversing more and more in Georgian; sometimes without even realizing it. I am frequently asked by Georgians and foreigners alike, how I learnt the language and more specifically, how I learnt to pronounce the letters. The secret? I have no friggin’ clue. All I can say is I immersed myself in Georgian life. Not an ex-pat one. I had one British friend in Tbilisi, that was it. The rest of my beloved friends were Georgian speakers only. So, the only methodology I can come up with to explain my attainment was that firstly, I had no choice, I chose to really listen and mostly importantly, I TRIED. Sure, I failed on many an occasion, but if I hadn’t given it a go, I’d be no nearer to success.
As it turns out, Matthew is also a runner, which I only recently found out after seeing his six-part comic The Terrible and Wonderful Reasons Why I Run Long Distances. Think of it as a graphic, online version of Murakami's What I Talk About When I Talk About Running, only with fewer words and more Blerch.
The majority of my comics are written in my head while I run. I find when brainstorming ideas, if I focus really hard trying to come up with something I wind up empty-handed. If I focus on something else, however, such as running, showering, or even having a conversation, I find that those ideas will spring up. The tough part is getting them down on paper before they disappear back into the ether of my brain.
Super heroes – they’re a privileged class. Doing what they want, when they want and suffering no consequences. They have no regard for the ordinary people who are left behind to suffer in their wake. Who will stand up for the little guy? There is a man. If you can find him, and if he believes in your story, he and his friends will put things right. Some call them outlaws, rebels, Robin Hoods. To others, they are heroes. No powers to speak of – just skills, smarts and a burning drive to do the right thing. His name is Hawkeye. Occupy Avengers: It’s time to “Take Back Justice”!
Not really, now I will admit that these two issues are the only ones I have read of the series aside from Issue #1 when it first came out so I have no real knowledge of the characters involved but at the same time it wasn’t hard to pick up, read, and understand the situation these heroes found themselves in once Hawkeye left to led the Resistance.
Viv finds the location of one of the camps, which it turns out Amadeus helped design as a place where they could put Banner and keep him from changing into The Hulk.
The Champions break into the relocation center hoping to free the Inhumans but are surprised when none of them want to leave. Instead of freeing the Inhumans, Amadeus and Viv rewire the power grid using Viv’d ability to turn invisible to hide the town so that the Hydra reinforcements can’t find it.
As a way of saying ‘Thank You,’ one of the Inhumans promise that they will use their abilities to search for Ms. Marvel and will contact the Champions if they find anything.
The team has split up to search for survivors. Falcon and Hulk are searching the North part of the city. As they are searching, Hulk is trying to keep his hopes up by trying to calculate the probability that they are going to find survivors.
The rescue effort to the South is Ironheart, Spider-Man, and Patriot. The three find an airplane that has crashed, when they open it up, they find that the people inside were cooked alive from the blast of the attack.
Suddenly they hear a noise which turns out to be Patriot, who has found a baby that survived the attack. This raises the team’s spirits as they head back to The Mound.
Another small nitpick would be that in Secret Empire #2 they find some survivors in Vegas, in The Champions they only find the baby, ending the story on an upbeat positive note rather than the doom and gloom of the main Secret Empire title. Then again who am I to tell Mark Waid how to write a comic book
The time-displaced young X-Men, who are being helped by Magneto, find themselves at odds with the leadership of the sovereign mutant nation of New Tian, where humans and mutants are supposed to be living in harmony. However, those that dissent against the new regime is being unfairly incarcerated and punished, which the young X-Men won’t stand for.
Unless you are already reading X-Men: Blue or just want to find out what is happening with the mutants in New Tian, then you really don’t need to read these issues. Like I said above, it is hard to pinpoint where these issues would fit in the overall story as the X-Men are more of a side story in this event.
A non-judgmental attitude is critical. If one side judges the other, then the other side actually gains power because it feels wronged, and so justified in its complaints. This is where therapy can help. "The course of therapy is thus rather like a running conversation with the unconscious", Jung writes. And when properly heard, the tensions between the inner and outer personality should subside. The result will be a more honest saint who is a lot easier to live with. Moreover, he will find that he has more energy for life because he will be less at war with himself and those around him.
Jung found continual inspiration for his psychology in spiritual writings. The Talmud says that "The dream is its own interpretation." Jung agreed. Heraclitus, influenced by Eastern philosophies, wrote, "Out of discord comes the fairest harmony". Jung adopted this principle of enantiodromia as his own.
DeJonge found himself the spokesman and advocate for Buckles in his mission to see to it that his comrades were honored with a monument on the National Mall, pushing for improvements to a neglected, obscure city memorial nearly in the shadow of the elaborate World War II memorial.
Details can be found at: www.frankbuckles.org.
To be frank, that’s an utterly vile statement. I don’t give two shits whether or not you find somebody sexually attractive – do not ever grab somebody’s junk without their consent. Like, ever. That is assault. It is not okay.
Akili says that he has “experienced this attitude as being very common amongst gay men”, and opens his article with the admittedly less-than-scientific observation that a group of gay men in the audience of one of his presentations all admitted to touching a woman’s body without her consent, and also to offering a woman unsolicited advice about how to “improve” her body or fashion. He is clearly basing this article on his own anecdotal experience. To a certain extent I, and I’m sure many readers, share those experiences – I’m painfully aware that this behaviour does occur on a regular basis within parts of the LGBT community. That being said, however, I’m pleased to report that the vast majority of my friends who identify as gay/queer men would find the idea of feeling up a female stranger in a club completely awful.
An exclusive Mitchell FOX 2 Detroit Poll of Michigan finds that Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton hold large leads over their nearest GOP and Democratic opponents, respectively.
O’Neil: I don’t know, I don’t think I find as much comfort in my own skin as Two, but I don’t know. I can be pretty forthcoming with my thoughts.
Ferland: You know, I wasn’t really sure what to expect. When I saw that I was going to be crawling through all those vents I thought, “that will be fun” and then I actually got in there and I was like, “I might’ve been a little bit wrong.” I can’t say that if I had a little bit of free time that I wouldn’t go find some vents to crawl through, but it’s definitely worth it when I watch afterwards because I go, “Wow. That looked really cool, I’m glad that I did it.” But, yeah, it’s never as much fun as you think it’s going to be, but I still enjoyed doing it.
O’Neil: I was watching the finale on my iPad and yelling at the screen. So we better find out, we really better get a second season. I want to know how it ends.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
“All of a sudden we found ourselves face to face with a thousand men, heavily armed,” said Mr. Maïga, the foreign minister. “The stability of the entire region could be under threat.”
The Malians, who viewed Colonel Qaddafi as a generous benefactor — he helped build an administrative complex here, among other things — now find themselves gnashing their teeth over this less beneficent aspect of his legacy. Still, officials here insist that the situation in the north is under control, while acknowledging that the threat is not over.
There officers found Neo-Nazi t-shirts, as well as chemicals used to produce explosives and five balacalvas. He had no criminal record.
That hasn't been a big problem on this tour as Marsh has never gone past 70, and yet both of his fifties have been very good knocks. His 66 in Bengaluru ended up being remembered for its limp end, but in the context of the game it was a terrific knock. The incredible part was how he found a way to survive on that pitch. And that is what he needed to do today.
Make your wishlist before the big day. Go to stores and analyze those products to be sure about their quality and their features. Check the store policies and be sure that you can return a product if you don’t like it or it doesn’t fit you. Then wait to attack the sales from the comfort of your home. Focus on mobile apps. A recent study published by Apptentive shows that 88% of consumers use retail mobile apps. This makes sense because apps are more customized and user friendly and they know what you are looking for before you press any button. Trust the evolution of technology and forget about the tiring mornings when you were waiting for stores to open their doors and after that you were struggling to reach other promotions. That’s history. Show your fidelity for some brands. Many companies offer special promotions for loyal customers who use frequently their app. Opt for receiving push notifications and wait for those messages that will announce top sales for your favorite products. If you still like to go to some specific stores for Black Friday choose those apps that can help you find the best route to get there or other apps that allow you to compare very fast, prices and characteristics of products. Test them before to be sure that they do what you want. Be careful for the shipping fee. There are a lot of retailers that offer free shipping. These benefits make you save time and money, which is the main target of using your mobile devices for Black Friday.
Update your application. Prepare your app for this “holiday” and offer your users an unforgettable experience. Let images and layouts to tell the story of this event and don’t forget that your app should fit perfectly for all types of devices. Don’t wait for the big day to arrive. Start now to change your app’s interface as a promise of professionalism to your users and allow them to imagine what will happen for Black Friday. Keep in mind that mobile purchases are expected to hit 20 billion in the next period, as Apptentive NO errors. It is great to change colors and images for this period but, this effort means nothing if your app will crush in that specific day. The time is limited and it is unacceptable to let users struggle to make their purchases or to view your offers. Should I say more? Test your app 100 times if need it to be sure that everything will go as planned. Implement easy payment methods. All what users want in that day is to complete as fast as possible a transaction and to move on to the next one. If they need to remember their card number and all the personal information they will abandon the shopping cart in an instance. Allow people to use any fast payment services like Apple Pay or Android Pay and everything will go faster. Messaging is the key. Use in – app messages and push notifications to announce your users about the improvements you made to your app and about the promotions for this occasion. It’s useless to make the best offers if nobody knows about them. Use deep linking. If you spread the word about the huge advantage of using your app during Black Friday, be sure that users won’t get lost inside your app in that rush and allow them to land on the same page where they can find the promotion they are looking for. Take advantages of mobile moments. This is the perfect period of the year not only for increasing your revenue, but for user acquisition and especially for user retention. Focus on attracting your customers offering an amazing experience overall and they will come back to your app after the Black Friday, too.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
With cloud and big data in particular I think there’s a real danger in buying into the hype without understanding the implications. If you do that, it’s almost certain you will make bad decisions. With big data, the risk is that you find the answer you’re looking for –whatever it is. It’s a psychological fact that if you have a preconceived notion, data will help drive to that point of view. If you say, “What is impacting my sales growth…and by the way I think it’s poor product performance,” you’re magically going to get a lot of data coming in about poor product performance and it will validate that notion. This predictive bias often ends up being an organizational, structural, and mindset issue.
Those results were buttressed by the findings of longtime Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg. In his own dial poll, which included 50 participants of mixed gender, education and politics, Greenberg found a large swath of bipartisan support for Obama's addres. That included a 14 percent jump, from 62 to 76 percent, in the favorability rating for the president.
He should tell that to the generally conservative Luntz, Maslansky Strategic Research group. Mike Maslansky, the CEO of that firm, when speaking with the Huffington Post, said he found "some of the biggest partisan divides that we ever see" in the reaction to Obama's address.
The researchers found that P. aestuarii could accept electrons generated from G. sulfurreducens and use them in a new type of anaerobic photosynthesis never before seen. Similar to how a battery or fuel cell works, the bacteria transfer electrons. They feed off each other to grow under conditions in which neither could grow independently.
An independent investigation by David Calcutt QC found that members of MI5 had interfered with disciplinary proceedings against Wallace. As a result, Wallace was awarded £30,000 in compensation.
She felt hurt and a little violated, like the one guy who's supposed to love and accept her and find her beautiful just the way she is was attacking a part of her identity. She was shocked, confused and taken aback. She tried to explain how some issues are so sensitive, touchy and personal for women that they should never really be brought up for the sake of the satisfaction in the relationship. In all fairness, I did bring it up a little suddenly and not in the most tactful or direct way, but I didn't know how else to start a hard, uncomfortable conversation I was not looking forward to.
Cheryl Strayed: The Question of Weight, you sound like such a sweet and innocent and naive young man, and I think you made a big mistake. Indeed, you are supposed to love and accept her and find her beautiful just the way she is.
And I think that, honestly, if you found her to be chubbier than you want her to be, you maybe should have not dated her to begin with, or you should have decided that it was worth ending this relationship with this person.
Mickelson, now a consultant, came to Florida to try to convince sheriffs and others to embrace the 24/7 abstinence approach for habitual offenders. In the eight years since South Dakota implemented 24/7, 37,000 individuals have participated in the program and provided a total of 7 million breath tests. A RAND Corp. study found a 12 percent reduction in repeat DUI arrests over a five-year period.
“The substance abuse issue is so complicated and complex and it’s very difficult to find the one thing that works for everybody,” Holley, who has worked with DUI programs for three decades.
“It’s also unsupported by social science. The news blackout that usually prevails is premised on the idea that publishing information about voter behavior may depress turnout. But such fears are unsupported by research. Academics examining the question have found no consistent effects on voter behavior. Which means that journalists are withholding information on a hunch,” Turner wrote.
The mysterious mommy stated another parent found out about the secret ingredient and was “blowing it way out of proportion.” The woman foolishly turned to the Internet for suggestions.
Others found humour in the situation.
Previous coverage of the case and the national reaction to it can be found here.
In the gaming world, he said, the way it often works is that publishers look for good games to fund. But for Glinert, the goal will be different. The goal will be to find good developers, who will make good games. He believes it will work because he's seen it work in the studio he founded.
That's Eitan Glinert's idea in a nut: Use the success of Fire Hose games to find and empower other developers to make great games. He doesn't have all the details yet — he's considering an interview process that doesn't even ask about games, at least for now — but he's working on it, and he's sure of a couple things. He wants the developers to stick around to make second, third and fourth games. But he also wants an escape lever built into the contract, so they can leave if and when they want to and their their intellectual property with them.
Despite the fact that it seems that the two largest parties are being rewarded evenly by the electoral system in this election smaller parties whose vote is not supremely regionally concentrated are harshly treated by the current system. Chris Hanretty has run the numbers and found that, on the same forecast being used here, this will be the most disporportional election ever (with a Gallagher index value of 20.4). And it is this skew against UKIP, the Lib Dems and in favour of the SNP that is driving calls for electoral reform (although oddly sometimes from the two largest parties who are still benefiting).
But the agency found there were no safety threats and the case was closed soon after.
Meanwhile, the psychology department completed its own study during the spring of 2016 that addressed a range of topics and found male professors are paid an average of about $25,000 more per year than their female counterparts, according to the suit. That study was provided to deans in the UO�s College of Arts & Sciences.
Clinton recounts that she and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, thought they might have found a way out, but it depended on what the other former presidents would do.
Mr Gillespie said the collection was a biosecurity and agricultural aid because it could be used to identify an insect and determine whether it was found in a particular area.
Ishmael experiences other tropes or turnings from his thanatopsis mood, as when in the Spouter Inn he is terrified by the prospect of a cannibalistic, harpoon-toting savage for his bedmate, only to find a bosom friend who indirectly saves his life; as when in the chapel, staring at signs of his seemingly foreordained death in the black-bordered tablets commemorating sailors lost at sea, he finds unaccountably that his "Faith, like a jackal, [that] feeds among the tombs, [.
In Victoria, Australia, he oversaw the change of more than 100 intersections to roundabouts and studied the effects, he said. “We find a 80- to 90-per-cent reduction in the most severe injury crashes.”
To cut costs, some businesses try to cut back on spending by using members of staff to carry out complex correction and error detection. The report found that 27 per cent of businesses are using manual database editing to tackle data quality. (While 40 per cent of businesses said that they would be using dedicated software for cleaning databases, this was a drop compared to previous years’ figures.)
Here’s the fact: Cutting corners is not a good battle tactic. Manual correction is not fast enough, or accurate enough, to stem the flow of bad data that is being manually entered into other areas of the system. Bad data is also introduced through bad merges, incorrect character sets and the connection of different systems that have different standards and norms. It is also impossible for human reviewers to find fuzzy matches, phonetic matches and duplicate records when scouring a database line by line.
While one may rightly point to figures like Alfred the Great, the Venerable Bede, and others as early examples of translating the Bible into English, it is in the work of John Wycliffe and his followers that almost all today would find as the first complete Bible in English. The official Bible of Wycliffe’s day was the Latin Vulgate, which was translated by Jerome almost a millennium earlier. But the common man spoke English.
As with most births, a growth period would soon follow the birth of textual criticism. As more and more Greek NT manuscripts were discovered, new editions of the Greek NT continued to incorporate these finds (mostly in marginal notes) without making any significant changes to the text itself.
Like Lachmann before them, they were convinced that the form of the NT text that most closely resembled the original autographs would be found in the most ancient copies. Several uncial manuscripts had been discovered which were almost a full millennium older than those upon which Erasmus had primarily based his work. Whatever the merits of the translation of the RV, its great gift to the world was that it was essentially based upon these older manuscripts. The era of modern translations was born.
Modern translations differ from the KJV in that they are based on representations of the original text that are much more fully informed by the evidence. Today, that text is found in the NA28 and the UBS5 Greek texts.
Functional equivalence recognizes that all translation is already interpretation and that for the modern reader to feel the impact the original readers felt when they read the original, the translators must find the meaning of the text and convey that meaning through the translation. Its goal is to represent the meaning of the original text in modern equivalents. In one sense, one might fairly say that the sentence becomes the translational unit in such a philosophy. The words and their order may be changed slightly into more modern equivalents so that they are smooth English. In another sense, that wouldn’t be true, since the goal is still to translate the words. However, if the language and grammar must be sacrificed to make the meaning clearer in natural English, the degree to which a translation is willing to make this sacrifice is the degree to which the translation has chosen functional over formal equivalence.
I am reminded of when I read through the story of Augustine’s conversion in The Confessions. It was one of the more powerful moments I’ve experienced in my own Christian walk. As he wrestled with his own depravity, having for so long been afflicted by his own wretchedness, he found himself sitting alone in a garden with his bitter tears pouring out under a fig tree. As he wept, he heard the voice of a child nearby (perhaps playing games as children do), repeating the phrase, “take up and read; take up and read.” Interpreting the words as a “command from heaven to open the book,” he picked up a copy of the book of Romans, began to read, and found in the Scriptures the light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ. And none of us has ever been the same since. As he heard so long ago, I encourage you with advice that will change the life of all who will heed it;
And so they did. The SlutWalk movement said — indeed, implicitly demanded — that those who participated in the march should be willing to identify as “sluts or allies.” It was an incredibly catchy, implicitly theatrical premise. Many of the protesters played that up, dressing in the sorts of revealing and provocative outfits that the Toronto policeman had condemned. The cameras tended to find those protesters first.
Researchers from North Carolina State University and the University of Oregon have found a way to exploit cloud-based Web browsers, using them to perform large-scale computing tasks anonymously. The finding has potential ramifications for the security of “cloud browser” services.
Pdf-table column number is strict and immutable. We have to use colspan attribute to merge columns for a given row but we cannot pass less or more columns than expected to the pdf-table’s body and that includes Clojure’s nil values as well (they are counted as a column even if there is no content inside). We remove nil values or we skip structure creation completely in case we find the risk of breaking that rule. Also we create rows with nil columns if required when there is no content.
Recently, my colleagues and I published research in Mayo Clinic Proceedings that examined dietary data from almost 50 years of nutrition studies. What we found was astounding; these data were physiologically implausible and incompatible with survival. In other words, the diets from these studies could not support human life if consumed on a daily basis. The reason for this is simple; the memory-based data collection methods (M-BMs) used by nutrition researchers are unscientific because they rely on both the truthfulness of the study participant and the accuracy of his or her memory. Stated more simply, these methods collect nothing more than uncorroborated anecdotal estimates of food and beverage consumption.
Much of the focus will be on GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson, the casino mogul and RJC backer who is aligned with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Adelson has not endorsed in the race, and his spokesman declined to comment. However, Adelson met with Trump in December and declared in an interview with Reuters that he found Trump to be “very charming.”
The RX300 will retail for $99 and that price will include a one-year subscription to NComputing’s VSpace 10 platform. For those who are unaware, NComputing specializes in creating virtual desktops to multiple machines. Using this technology, a person will make it easier to manage multiple computers from a single host server. Obviously, larger companies may find it easier to do this manually, but the low price tag makes this an attractive option for mid-range companies that have multiple computers to manage.
Puckett's idea is not a long-term solution, but it's better than the toxic surprises that are popping up over the country right now. "I think we need to sequester it," he says. "It is glass and it is lead and some day someone might be able to find a use for that stuff."
Immediately after Bachmann’s suicidal statement, her top aides ran to the media and said no-no-no-, you know how crazy Michele is, cuckoo! cuckoo!... nothing of the sort was going on, we’re all honorable people here, Ron Paul’s family member included. Because, obviously, there was the fear that if anyone decided to look into the allegations, they’d find that Bachmann’s campaign was guilty of the same crime.
The inhabitants of the Crimean peninsula have found a way out of the intricate situation in economics they have had to deal with for 6 months – the Bitcoin payments.
SHARE COPY LINK Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday took turns questioning top intelligence officials, who say investigative agencies found compelling evidence of Russian cyber-hacking throughout the 2016 election cycle.
“We saw the Chilean government as a target of this activity back in 2014. And you wonder: How does that fit with Russia at all? So we started researching and we found that at that time there were discussions between the two militaries of Russia and Chile over some sort of arms sale or cooperation,” Wrolstad said.
“There was shouting and screaming, it was hard for the parents. You get your child vaccinated and then you find your child dying, it’s very hard”.
Avoidance of hassle can be a key motive for the polite lie. A Dutch friend, newly arrived in Chengdu, asked me to help him find a tailor who could execute some fashions designs that he had. His ideas were pretty straightforward, and he was frustrated that every tailor he visited had told him, “We can’t do that” – it should have been a snap
It's rather inconsequential data compared to the meat of the document, the actual content. I found a helpful blog post with some details that worked for me. The heart of which is to parse between the --- s and consider this content a comment.
MacDown comes with a cli command you can use to open documents from the terminal but I've found that it doesn't retain your preferences and switches to the defaults once you use it. Using OS X's open command, however, does retain your preferences. So, about getting vim to play nice with this? Not so hard:
The changes to MacDown's preferences I've found useful:
Although there is convincing evidence that pleasant fragrances can improve our mood and sense of well-being, some of these findings should be viewed with caution. Recent studies have shown that our expectations about an odour, rather than any direct effects of exposure to it, may sometimes be responsible for the mood and health benefits reported. In one experiment, researchers found that just telling subjects that a pleasant or unpleasant odour was being administered, which they might not be able to smell, altered their self-reports of mood and well-being. The mere mention of a positive odour reduced reports of symptoms related to poor health and increased reports of positive mood!
Although olfactory sensitivity generally declines with age, pleasant fragrances have been found to have positive effects on mood in all age groups.
In experiments involving stimulation of the left and right nostrils with pleasant and unpleasant fragrances, researchers have found differences in olfactory cortical neurone activity in the left and right hemispheres of the brain which correlate with the ‘pleasantness ratings’ of the odorants. These studies are claimed to indicate that positive emotions are predominantly processed by the left hemisphere of the brain, while negative emotions are more often processed by the right hemisphere. (The ‘pleasant’ odorant used in these experiments, as in many others, was vanillin.)
As much as I wanted to attend everything, it wasn't possible, so I'll just write up a few of the talks here. Some of the talks and discussions will also be available as videos from the conference web site later. I attended and ran mostly discussion sessions, which I find to be the most useful events of an unconference.
Jignesh Shah of VMWare and Tim Callagan of VoltDB presented on current issues in database performance in virtualized environments. The first, mostly solved issue was figuring out degrees of overcommit for virtualized databases sharing the same physical machine. Jignesh had tested with PostgreSQL and found the optimal level in benchmark tests to be around 20% overcommit, meaning five virtual machines (VMs) each entitled to 25% of the server's CPU and RAM.
Elena Zannoni joined the conference in order to talk about the state of tracing on Linux. Several database geeks were surprised to find out that SystemTap was not going to be included in the Linux kernel, and that there was no expected schedule for release of utrace/uprobes. Many database engineers have been waiting for Linux to provide an alternative to Dtrace, and it seems that we still have longer to wait.
What was striking in the exchange between Bordelais and La Presse was not merely its tone-deafness, however, but just how utterly normal it all seemed: Here was a guy, returning home to his wife and three kids, pissed off to find reporters waiting for him in his driveway. Eventually he would go inside, maybe get something to eat, talk to his kids about their days and go to sleep beside one of the most reviled serial killers in Canadian history. Just like he had done every day for the past seven years.
This is much faster, the authors say, than previous attempts. And that’s in part because although the robot is sifting through about 13,000 possible movements, they are all options that the robot has already deemed potentially useful. “The space of all possible behaviors that is searched to find these 13,000 high-performing behaviors is unimaginably vast,” they wrote. “In fact, it contains 10^47 possible behaviors, which is about how many atoms make up the planet Earth!”
"That's the hardest part when you have success in spring training like this, you almost start to believe that you're able to do this every day so you have to find a way to stay humble through it," Joseph said. "He's going to get sent down at some point, right? So everybody's going to wonder, 'Why isn't he going to make the team?' Come on, he's got to get more experience. But I think it can do nothing but help his confidence."
It's all quite fraught -- a powderkeg of identity politics that people would avoid at cocktail parties for fear of ruining the evening. Where would Spock, a racially “impure” Vulcan, find himself in all of this? He would probably be an assimilationist, committed to integrating Vulcan identity into the patchwork of galactic civilization, otherwise why would he have committed himself to Starfleet, or the Federation itself? This commitment would already be present given what we know about Spock's "half-breed" psychology, but the destruction of Vulcan would magnify those feelings and give his actions even greater urgency.
Here are some stories we’ve found across the internet from tech support folks we’d love to share.
“Curiosity,” they say, “is largely about exploration…the most direct route to becoming stronger and wiser.” A study led by Kashdan and psychologist Michael Steger found that “curious people invest in activities that cause them discomfort as a springboard to higher psychological peaks.”
In Tomorrow’s Change Makers: Reclaiming the Power of Citizenship for a New Generation, young people, like adults, said they found happiness when they experienced risk-taking. At the peak of their discomfort, students made comments, including:
The bottom line? The students in this study discovered their identities through the process of risk-taking. Simultaneously, they found a path to happiness.
The 3 second rule: players must be on the move all the time when they don’t have the ball. When your team is attacking you should never stay in the same place without the ball for more than 3 seconds. In a game of 40 minutes you play for 4 minutes with the ball and 36 without it. To find space, occupy the space left free by a teammate. The player with the ball moves closer to the defender (to be able to go past him and force him to turn around), the players without the ball move away from their defenders (to create space and passing options). Help the player who has the ball. Sometimes this means getting closer; other times you need to move away. The aim, every time, is to create a clear passing line between you and your teammates. Never lose sight of the ball nor the eyes of the teammate who has it – sometimes it doesn’t matter if you move if your teammate has not even seen you. Pass and run – like the old motto: ‘pass and move’, but with an emphasis on the urgency of your movement. Be generous with your passing. The game is won by the TEAM who scores more goals; not the player who scores more goals. Separate where you look from where you pass. Do not make obvious passes. Use the element of disguise. Futsal is a sport for “liars”. Good players make it more difficult for the opposition to read them by performing feints when they’re passing, and checking away from their markers before moving in the other direction and losing their marker. (See an example of Sean Garnier do it in his tips for futsal – see tip 2 on his list). Passes must be strong but not carelessly violent. A firm pass doesn’t give defenders any unnecessary time to intercept it, or to close the space on the player receiving it. Be careful with passes from one wing to another when playing close to your own goal, near the “D”. If they’re intercepted they’ll lead to an easy chance for the opposition.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
While Gravano was living in Arizona, peddling ecstasy and installing pools, he barely escaped his own killing, when the late godfather’s enraged brother, Peter Gotti, sent a team of hitmen to go find him in the Copper State.
One catch is that running ponyc requires it to find the Pony runtime library libponyrt.a for linking purposes. This might not be found if installed somewhere that it doesn't expect. This can be resolved by setting the environment variable LIBRARY_PATH to the directory where libponyrt.a resides. I had to do this for the Nix Pony package.
Here LIBRARY_PATH is set to find the shared library during compiling and linking. To run the generated executable LD_LIBRARY_PATH is used to find the shared library at runtime.
As usual with a new programming language there is a lack of libraries and library documentation. Expect to look through the Pony source code to find examples of how to do things. The tutorial is great though - even though parts are incomplete - and is on github.
Investigators collected several shell casings from the scene and they were matched to a gun found in a car driven by Lomax when police stopped the vehicle Monday. Police also recovered drugs in the vehicle.
ST. GEORGE — Saturday night, police officers were notified that at dusk a 17-year-old boy had run from a youth wilderness program’s campsite in a rugged, uninhabited area of desert backcountry close to an area known as Jackson Springs near the Gunlock Reservoir. On the way to search for the boy, a member of the Washington County Sheriff’s Search and Rescue team lost control of his Jeep on the unpaved Motaqua Road, causing the vehicle to roll. The SAR member was hospitalized and later found to have a concussion, while the search resumed for the boy.
One team that was on foot caught the boy’s scent with help from a tracking dog. With help from the K-9, they followed the boy’s scent and found his footsteps for a time but lost both his steps and his scent once they came upon a road. For the next five-six hours the SAR teams continued looking for the boy as the night turned to early morning.
Best Operas Ever is a new podcast from Saturday Afternoon at the Opera on CBC Radio 2. In each instalment, host Ben Heppner talks to one of the major opera figures of our time about a particular opera recording that they especially love. You'll find each episode here on cbcmusic.ca, and you can tune in to CBC Radio 2 at 1 p.m. any Saturday from now until the end of November to hear these classic recordings in their entirety — along with extended conversations with our esteemed guests.
Mr Lindgren found in favour of NBN Co in December 2012 and provided an 11-page explanation as part of the judgement. “I have come to the conclusion that NBN Co is correct," he said. “Telstra’s arguments are akin to the tail wagging the dog."
The limited edition for Wind Waker HD was rather snazzy, featuring a Ganondorf figurine, so I find this news rather disappointing.
Oceans are the cradle of life on Earth. Giving life a birth date, though, is complicated as we’re still discovering traces of bacteria older than all those we found so far. For now, we think that the oldest one lived at least 3.5 billion years ago, so around one billion years after Earth’s formation. This theory is based on prints that bacteria left on soft mud that turned into rock with time. It is nearly impossible to preserve a bacterium as a “fossil” since they are extremely fragile.
Bacteria are unicellular organisms (their bodies are constituted of only one cell, while the human body is formed by thousands of billions of cells…) and for long, we didn’t find anything between the old bacteria prints and the oldest fossils with shells and skeletons that lived 540 million years ago.
In some rare environments, the mud that buries dead organisms can be so fine and the water flow so weak that they don’t harm the remains, and the shape of the skin of the organism can print on the mud and be preserved that way. This is how we could find the Ediacaran fauna in Australia.
But it was just the start of a new series of astonishing discoveries. At Burgess (Canada), new and slightly younger species were found that lived around 540 million years ago, during the Cambrian era. Unlike Ediacara, all species from this fauna had shells (or “exoskeletons”; skeletons outside the organism, unlike humans or other vertebrates but just like molluscs and arthropods). Amongst them, an impressive specimen of the species Anomalocaris presented another major difference with older organisms: it had teeth, and those of a predator. Overall, the Burgess fauna presented a huge amount of different species compared to Ediacara, and we call this rapid increase in the biodiversity the “Cambrian Explosion“. 20 or 30 million years may seem a lot of time, but when dealing with evolution, it’s really not a lot. But for some reason, at this time, life on Earth had rapidly evolved.
Ediacara was important because it was the first time we found multicellular organisms ageing before skeletogenesis (creation of skeleton and other hard parts). Burgess was also important because it was the oldest fauna we found with hard parts. But these two faunas combined made another major discovery: the start of predation. During the Ediacaran era, no organisms had teeth or even mouth, so they were clearly not carnivorous. Anomalocaris was an obvious proof of predation during the time the Burgess rocks were deposited. Because of this, we talk about the “Ediacaran paradise“, when Nature was at peace, without fight for survival.
Microsoft launched the Lumia 535 in November 2014 and its immediate claim to fame was that it was the first Lumia handset to carry the Microsoft branding. (Previous Lumias all bore the Nokia name.) I don’t find that to be particularly interesting personally, but it was the headline at the time.
Indeed, the only entities to ever benefit from war are the individuals who hide behind warring institutions and the legal formalities that enshrine them. Those who control the military industrial complex and the private companies that support it have arranged things so that, by design, no matter how the national fervor plays out, no matter what happens or which side ‘wins’, they still prosper one way or the other, and have the protection of their own domestic laws. But, as President Jimmy Carter so rightly pointed out, America cannot be both the world’s champion of peace and the world’s major supplier of weapons. So, with war institutionalized and sold to the public as a legal instrument of peace, it was inevitable we would find ourselves in the perpetual — and hypocritical — cycle of war and conflict we see today.
But the lived reality of sluthood at Swarthmore is a surprisingly difficult one, even when not interacting with the obviously slut-shaming margins. We are greeted with a community aura of sex-negativity or at best sexual cluelessness. Institutionally speaking, the administration has a record of responding to issues involving sexuality with either a sort of manic, nip-it-in-the bud attitude, or an ill-advised stance of ignore-the-problem-and-it’ll-go-away. They have a well-known past of extraordinary blundering bordering on victim-blaming regarding instances of sexual assault (albeit one that is happily and actively changing in recent months). They responded to past instances of sexual assault at Genderfuck by proposing to cancel the party, as though preventing drinking and dressing skimpily would prevent the underlying factors of sexual assault (read: assaulters). The Dash for Cash, the singular intentionally body-positive and administratively-endorsed campus tradition – which was well publicized and opt-in – was canceled at earliest possible opportunity. And in an egregious, though since-resolved, issue a few years ago, a campus wellness campaign could find the funds to provide free yoga mats for students, but not free condoms. Overall, Swarthmore does a very good job of making the sex-positive, sexually adventurous, and promiscuous among us feel like we’d have a pretty precarious safety net availible if something happened to make us feel uncomfortable.
You can also use beeswax to make lip balms, skin creams, and herbal salves. When I was researching beeswax, I found the same recipes in multiple places, so I’m not sure of the original sources. (Probably our great-grandmas.) The recipes I’m posting are ones I’ve experimented with and found useful. The first one is for a beeswax cream that is really nice for the hands in the winter.
*Make things with beeswax safely–see my guidelines and precautions for melting wax here. You can find beeswax online at craft and candle suppliers, etc. Lanolin, coconut oil, jojoba oil, and sweet almond oil can be found online at health and beauty suppliers, and a lot of the same places where you buy soapmaking and other craft supplies including essential oils. (These are not expensive supplies other than the essential oils, if using.)
The team attempted to split practice time between Goldenglue and Link over the past few weeks but found the results were not adequate for Link to transition to the League Championship Series stage.
And given that 1 in 3 women worldwide will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime, usually from a male partner, she may find herself in an abusive relationship.
All signs indicate that the current situation finds just these types of forces at work. First, there is a widespread mistrust of banks, one that is fueled by a perception that in the lead up to the crisis banks were routinely engaged in improper and even illegal conduct (whether such perceptions are justified or not). Second, law enforcement officials seem somewhat limited in their ability to hold financial institutions accountable for the illegal conduct, despite having made some headway recently in the area of punishing mortgage discrimination. Since at the heart of the financial crisis lies a range of bank misconduct, an atmosphere filled with the widespread perception of misconduct, coupled with little fear that lawbreakers will be held accountable, could send us back to a second financial crisis.
The problem is, general relativity is really good at describing giant things like stars, but breaks down utterly when it comes to really teeny tiny things like photons and quarks. To talk about those, you need a different theory: quantum mechanics. The central problem in physics today is that the theories are fundamentally incompatible. To figure that out, physicists are keen to find places where the theories overlap or break down—like, for example, the event horizon of a black hole.
I’m not really sure. I could see it going either way. I think that because of the situation, he’s going to be forced to grow up a little and be less of a whiner. Bran’s story has always struck me as one of the very long arcs in the books and it’s going to be interesting to see that translate to the screen. I think that we probably won’t see a whole lot of the young Stark this year and when we do it will be concentrated on the three-eyed crow plot, which I have always found interesting. People like giant wolves, dude.
The storm water management systems allowed the project engineers to maximize the storage volume and minimize the project footprint to allow room for additional parking and reduce the overall cost. SMC Consulting Engineers found that both systems were easy to install, and their clear open configuration allows walk-through access for future inspection and maintenance.
According to a Title IX committee meeting I attended last spring, Amherst has expelled only one student for rape in its entire history—and only after a criminal court sentenced him to time in jail. Meanwhile, our disciplinary committee has found other students guilty of sexual misconduct but ultimately permitted them to continue their Amherst educations. Faced with the non-choice of staying on campus with his/her rapist or leaving, many sexual assault survivors I know take time off, transfer, or drop out altogether.
Therein lies one obvious (and bizarre) problem in need of a solution. The school's aforementioned lenient repercussions for sexual misconduct also came up often during the meeting: according to the Amherst Student, the record of sanctions released by the College last spring show that students found responsible for sexual assault were usually suspended for two to four semesters, while punishment for theft of a laptop resulted in five semesters' suspension. Another issue, raised by Bolger, is how students on the disciplinary committee are chosen from a very narrow pool that includes few women and is, therefore, hardly representative of the student body.
Finally, Hollywood should take their customer's preferences into account. If people want to watch movies at home, why force them to find illicit ways of doing it? Make it easy, make it legal, and make some money!
Diabetes treatment may reduce breast cancer risk in women by lowering mammographic density, according to research. Mammographic density is a strong risk factor for breast cancer, and any form of diabetes treatment has been found to lower it. Previous research has found a link between diabetes and mammographic density, but this is the first time when diabetes treatment like insulin has been studied in this context.
Similar associations were seen among 44 women who had controlled diabetes solely by diet and 62 diabetics who took oral medications. Women who used insulin injections were found to have increased odds of mixed or dense breasts.
“Our study looked solely at the effect of insulin on breast density. Now we would like to extend our research by following up these women for breast cancer and observing the effect of different diabetes treatments on breast cancer risk. If we find a relationship, we need to examine whether a high [mammographic density] is responsible, or whether other factors are involved,” said Dr. Andersen.
Postmenopausal women over the age of 50 with type 2 diabetes have been found to have a 20 to 27 percent higher risk of breast cancer. Although the link between the two isn’t as clear, it is speculated that the damage caused by uncontrolled glucose levels and inflammation can contribute to breast cancer. Additionally, type 2 diabetes and breast cancer share many common risk factors, including being overweight or obese, and lacking exercise and physical activity, to name a few.
Let's go position by position and find the players who fit the bill:
Why he's here: The league seems to have adjusted to Odor after his breakout 2016 season, and he's yet to adjust back. Like his teammate Lucroy, Odor has underachieved considerably with an OPS that right now is 162 points lower than his total from last year. He's never been an on-base demon, but this year he's striking out at an alarming rate and managed just one walk the entire month of June. He's dug himself quite a hole in the first half, and he's yet to find the answers to get himself out.
Why he's here: The Giants gave him a monster contract last winter to fix their bullpen woes. It hasn't quite worked out that way, as Melancon has as many blown saves this season as he did in all of 2016 and has found his way to the DL twice. It's not much better than what the Giants got from their bullpen last year, only it's costing them a lot more money this time. In a year when almost nothing has gone right for the Giants, Melancon's performance still manages to stand out.
Dressing well is a form of good manners. Don’t settle for shirts with baggy waists, too short sleeves, or too tight collars. From a hiking trip to a keynote speech, a true gent always knows how to look good. Unless you actually find a store with clothes that actually fit off the rack, go custom. People will notice. Life’s too short for bad shirts: awesome shirts here and special offer here.
Endeavour to find words that express your ideas eloquently. A gentleman does not require offensive language to speak; for those who use words such as “gay”, “retarded”, or “ghetto” to describe something in a negative light not only adhere to stereotypes, but also show a lack of vocabulary and intellect. Cut back on that Hatorade. It’s a resentful beverage that too many fools drink.
In this post I want to showcase another part of the Go standard library that I find to be both simple and powerful - io.Pipe.
I found another very cool way of using io.Pipe together with TeeReader (read: T-Reader) in @rodaine’s great blog post about asynchronously splitting an io.Reader .
Speaking on RTÉ's This Week programme, the minister said he found it "extremely worrying" and "appalling" that parents who lost children at the hospital "were not dealt with honestly".
The censorship is a culture shock for foreigners visiting China for the first time. They expect to chat with friends on Facebook or Twitter only to find those services unavailable. Major publications like The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg are blocked. You need to find alternatives for all these things. I often end up using Microsoft Bing, which complies with China's censorship rules.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
“Never try to get a meal at Niagara Falls when the weather is nice. It took half an hour to get two pizza slices and a drink, which on a normal day wouldn’t be such a big deal,” he said noting that the time constraint did make the long break problematic. “Because it was Good Friday, many places were closed especially in rural parts of the province. It was hard to find somewhere to fill up my bidons or grab a more protein-heavy snack.”
Asked me if I would still trust him if it was found out that he had done something wrong
Update: CBS News is reporting that Dylann Roof was arrested on February 28 in a mall, while he was asking a store clerk “out of the ordinary questions.” At that time, he was found in possession of a medicine called Suboxone.
Clara Bell, a British linguist, had published a translation of War and Peace in 1886, but hers was a copy of copy, translated from a French translation, not the original Russian, and it wasn’t well received. The first ever English translation of Anna Karenina was done by an American, Nathan Haskell Dole, the same year. But because of the readability of Garnett’s versions, and her close ties to the publishing industry, her editions were printed cheaply and sold more widely than any that had come before. The Russian classics began to find their way into English homes and classrooms. A 1905 article in the Saturday Review, a British literary magazine, began, “Twenty years ago Tolstoy was hardly known outside Russia […] Who has not heard of Tolstoy now?”
Finally, this site has found that Buffy fans do not agree on everything. There are at least two different tastes in Buffy episodes. Users can now see how fans differ in how they rank episodes. Users can also see how fans differ in how when the episode aired, major characters, writers, and directors may affect the quality of an episode.
It was later revealed that the emails were found on a computer belonging to former Rep. (D-N.Y.) Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin who is under investigation for allegedly exchanging sexually explicit messages with a minor.
In a new systematic review in JAMA Neurology, Michigan Medicine researchers found reason to further explore the surprising effects of zolpidem that have been observed outside the scope of its primary Food and Drug Administration approval.
Bomalaski has treated many patients affected with these disorders of consciousness and found the existing case reports quite interesting.
Friendly reminder: if you have bought a Supporter Edition or own the DLC Bundle, you already own Arma 3 Helicopters DLC. This is not true for the (Digital) Deluxe Edition. If you've forgotten what version you own, one way to find out could be to check Steam. In the client, open Arma 3's properties. Visit the DLC tab and there it should list your DLC plus Digital Deluxe Edition content packages.
The 1.34 update added a bunch of nice decorative objects for scenario designers. You'll find objects to bring your airports and heliports alive, as well as objects for Forward Operating Bases (from fuel bladders to desktop PCs and canteen supplies to sports equipment). The SPOTREP lists all of them, but you may have to explore the editor for a while to find the right categories. Shout out to our colleagues in Black Element Thailand, who did a good job of creating many of these!
You can also find other developers have done this process for many frameworks and compiled their work into github repositories (e.g. iOS-Runtime-Headers).
"I stepped away to make some tea and returned to find Luis dancing," Gabriela told The Dodo . "He didn't realize I was there." So, Gabriela did what every good wife would do in this modern era -- she whipped out her phone, took some video, and promptly posted it on Facebook.
The video cuts off just as Gabriela is found out, but it's been viewed more than 5.6 million times since it was posted. People are touched by Luis' obvious happiness: it's clear that he loves dogs, loves good music and loves dancing!
"But at some point, you have to find ways to put points on the board that appeal past your core base. He has shown himself completely inept at doing that so far," he said. "If you keep doing things that are broadly unpopular, it weighs on you."
However the CAG’s insistence to audit private contractors raises fundamental questions of propriety that must not be ignored. The mandate of the CAG is circumscribed by the Duties & Powers Act of 1971, which outlines the scope of their powers to audit the accounts of public corporations. This law supplements Article 149 of the Constitution, and the two being in pari materia, must be read together. The CAG’s scope of audit is restricted to accounts of the Union and cannot extend to private entities. The hon’ble Delhi High Court, in its order on the 6th of January 2014, was absolutely correct when it reined in an overzealous CAG by ordering it to restrict itself to only the revenue-sharing arrangements that private telecom companies had entered into with the GOI. The court was very specific when it said that the CAG could only audit receipts and not inquire aspects like wisdom and economy in expenditure. An example of this overbearing sense of ‘duty’ is found on page 33 of the KG-D6 report, where the CAG adopts an irritatingly patronising tone in awarding unnecessary accolades to “the efforts of the operator in executing this world class…within record time.” Constitutionally speaking, the CAG has no business to be making such silly comments – they ought to stick to their mandate.
It really is that simple. Gunicorn is the fastest way to having a production ready web server serving your site that I’ve found in the Django realm. However, Gunicorn by itself isn’t production ready. It is recommended to deploy something in front of it. We used Nginx, which is another super simple web server.
The same poll found that 45 percent of young Americans would be willing to support an openly socialist Presidential candidate.
The same poll found many millennials are unfamiliar with historical figures often associated with socialism, such as Che Guevara, Joseph Stalin, and Karl Marx.
What few of us know, however, is that a bacterium closely related to Mycobacterium tuberculosis called Mycobacterium marinum can be present in wild caught as well as captive bred fish and stay lurking in our aquariums without us ever realizing it. After all, when one of our fishes goes belly up, few of us drag out the Petri dish and starts growing bacterial cultures to find out exactly what caused its demise.
Certain types of fish seem to be more at risk of carrying, or at least succumbing to, fish tuberculosis. This group includes the labyrinth fishes, among which you will find many popular aquarium fishes such as Bettas and Gouramis.
Didn't find the info you were looking for? Register for free and ask your question in our Aquarium forum !
Because of Trenouth’s actions, Corrick excluded evidence gathered by him and other officers from the trial of Jaggernauth’s co-accused, leading the judge to find them not guilty in the same decision. “The false attribution of evidence to an accused’s possession, and false testimony by a police officer constitute precisely the type of state misconduct that undermines the integrity of the judicial process,” Corrick wrote. Jaggernauth, Jordan Davis and Jimal Nembrand-Walker were charged with possession of cocaine for the purpose of trafficking and possession of the proceeds of crime in 2014, after police found them in a Scarborough apartment that contained multiple types of drugs and drug paraphernalia.
Police officers found several grams of crack on Davis and crack, powdered cocaine and other drugs in Nembrand-Walker’s pockets at the time of the arrest, Corrick wrote in her decision. Police did not find any drugs on Jaggernauth, Corrick said. Trenouth testified in a pretrial hearing that he saw a large piece of crack fall from Jaggernauth when officers got Jaggernauth to stand up from his chair — testimony that was backed up by the notes Trenouth said he took at the time of Jaggernauth’s arrest, according to the judge’s decision. But at the trial several months later, Trenouth told the court that he did not see the crack fall from Jaggernauth, Corrick wrote. Instead, Trenouth testified that he found the piece of crack on the floor near Jaggernauth and assumed it had fallen from him. Corrick noted other discrepancies between Trenouth’s pretrial and trial testimonies in her decision.
The large piece of crack was also missing from evidence photos taken by police about three hours later, in Trenouth’s presence, the judge said. Trenouth’s story changed at trial, where he said there were no photos of the piece of crack because he had already picked it up and put it in his pocket before the photos were taken, Corrick wrote. Corrick ruled on Aug. 8 that Trenouth did not find the crack near Jaggernauth, as the police officer had claimed. “I have concluded that Officer Trenouth was deliberately misleading when he prepared his notes and testified at the preliminary hearing, in an effort to strengthen the case,” Corrick wrote. It is unlikely that Trenouth, who has eight years of police experience, would pick up unwrapped drugs and put them in his pocket at a crime scene, Corrick said. And if Trenouth had merely been mistaken in his pretrial testimony, he should have informed the Crown before the case went to trial, the judge added. An investigation should be immediately opened into Trenouth’s conduct in the case, Jaggernauth’s lawyer Chris O’Connor said in an interview. “The bottom line is . . . an officer falsely attributed an exhibit to my client that never was on my client,” O’Connor said. Toronto police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said she “can’t say whether (Trenouth) will face any discipline.” All disciplinary matters are confidential until the officer in question has appeared before a police services tribunal, Gray added. “Generally speaking an investigation into allegations of an officer providing false evidence in court could lead to criminal charges (such as) perjury or (internal) discipline under the Police Services Act,” Gray said. Corrick was scathing in her decision about the effects of Trenouth’s false testimony. “It is difficult to imagine how public confidence can be maintained in the rule of law when police officers present false evidence against accused persons,” Corrick wrote. “Our justice system cannot function unless courts can rely on the willingness of witnesses to . . . tell the truth.”
In 2013 editor-in-chief of the journal Partner Abuse, John Hamel,[20] set up the Domestic Violence Research Group to create the "Partner Abuse State of Knowledge Project (PASK)".[21] PASK found parity in rates of both perpetration and victimisation for men and women.[22]
According to the journalist Martin Daubney "...there remains a theory that men under report their experiences [of violence by women against men] due to a culture of masculine expectations.[29] The official figure in the United Kingdom, for example, is about 50% of the number of acts of violence by men against women, but there are indications that only about 10% of male victims of female violence report the incidents to the authorities, mainly due to taboos and fears of misunderstanding created by a culture of masculine expectations.[30] By comparison 1.9 million people aged 16–59 told the Crime Survey for England and Wales (year ending March 2017), that they were victims of domestic violence and 79% did not report their partner or ex-partner. Of the 1.9 million, approximately 1.2 million were female and 713,000 were male.[31] A Canadian report found that men were 22% more likely to report being victims of spousal violence in their current relationship than women.[30][32] Researchers Stemple and Meyer report that sexual violence by women against men is often understudied or unrecognized.[33]
Non-therapeutic male circumcision is considered, by several groups, to be a form of violence against young men and boys.[35][36] The International Criminal Court considers forced circumcision to be an "inhumane act".[35] Some court decisions have found it to be a violation of a child's rights.[37] In certain countries, such as Australia, Bangladesh, Canada, Indonesia, Pakistan, the Philippines, South Korea, Turkey and the United States, newborn baby males are routinely circumcised without the child's consent.[38][39] As well, the Jewish and Muslim faiths circumcise boys at a young age.[40] It is also practiced in Coptic Christianity and the Ethiopian Orthodox Church.[39][41]
Following news last month that Anthony Bourdain’s planned international food market at Pier 57 had pushed its opening back by two years, an investigation by Eater NY is now questioning whether Bourdain Market will open at the pier at all. Eater found out that Bourdain and his partners haven’t actually signed up for a lease at the SuperPier, but have only obtained a letter of intent, which is not a legally binding contract.
I applied for a visa on arrival at Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport. A friend of mine applied at the international airport in Shiraz instead, the process was identical. Once you disembark from your plane, you should immediately look for signs pointing you towards the visa area. The airport is small so it is not hard to find this area, just look for the signs. The visa process is as follows:
There were no questions on the form about previous travel to Israel. I should note that I had previously been to Israel, however my passport contained no evidence of this. I was relieved to find the form did not ask me if I had been to Israel because really I don’t like lying on visa applications.
After filling out the A5 sized visa application form, return to the visa desk and give the attendant the completed form, your passport as well as your proof of travel insurance. He will respond by scribbling a figure in Euro on a small white piece of paper and will instruct you to pay this at the cashier’s counter located next to the visa desk. For me this figure read 145€. A cost schedule by country for the visa on arrival can be found here. It appears to be an accurate list, but I have not verified it 100% and the list is not complete. New Zealand is not on this list, however after speaking to a few Kiwis while in Iran, I can confirm that the cost is 150€ for NZ passport holders.
The cost of a visa on arrival varies depending on your country of origin. However the most common price is 75€ which is the price for most European countries. Australians and New Zealanders on the other hand pay 145€ and 150€ respectively. A complete list for VoA costs can be found at the link below.
Every game has it's own currency system and some become so important that you can find a stable exchange rate with fiat currencies. This is the case with World of Warcraft gold or Second Life Linden dollars. Blockchain bring to these world a currency that they can use inside the game and trade on Amazon at the same time. Some servers of Minecraft already implemented such systems.
Some found out about the new ban after parade applications became available online earlier this month.
This is the same Paul George who, in a feature for ESPN The Magazine, was recently dubbed one of the game’s top players even in the event that he would never score a single, solitary point; the same George who has transcended himself to being the 1A among small forwards, behind only the reigning MVP in LeBron James. When asked by WFNY about going to his left, a voice came shooting over the horde of media members who were swirling about. It was fellow swingman CJ Miles who prodded his teammate—”Everyone knows you wanted to go left,” he said, drawing a laugh from anyone within earshot. All it takes is a quick Google Image search of “Dion Waiters driving” to find dozens of images of Waiters, full steam ahead, with the basketball in his left hand. The left wasn’t there.
Offense has never been an issue for Dion Waiters. Drafted fourth overall in 2012, he arrived on the NBA scene with a chip on his shoulder and a try-and-stop-me attitude that would allow him to get to the rim with ease. Just 24 hours after Waiters’ arrival to Cleveland, then head coach Byron Scott was lacing him with praise, saying that he felt the sixth man out of Syracuse was the second-best player in the draft . Scott salivated while daydreaming of a young and spry backcourt duo with the on-ball skills of Irving and Waiters pick-and-rolling teams into oblivion. As Waiters will attest, however, getting to the rack at the NBA level would merely serve to be half of the battle—finishing upon arrival is the tougher of the tasks, one which would produce historically terrible numbers. Not given much in the way of a superstar treatment, Waiters often finds himself frustrated with the lack of whistles blown in his favor. This, at times, has led to poor defense and even worse body language, reportedly drawing the ire of a few teammates who were tired of watching teams score while their shooting guard is back on the other side of the floor seeking an explanation from an official. It was Dion Waiters whose face was plastered on the poster of shame following the Cavs’ embarrassing loss to the Sacramento Kings earlier in the year—his pouting was hitting a crescendo; his team was careening toward chaos.
Long having provided off-the-ball relief, leading the NBA in scoring off of the bench, Waiters has taken on a different persona as of late, doing so against the best the NBA has to offer. Against the Miami Heat earlier this month, Waiters’ ball skills were on display as he recorded his first double-double. He would thank his teammates for hitting their shots after he found them, whether it was for an easy two or a clutch three. Two nights later, he tied a career high with 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder, being a part of a 21-2 run that rivaled the comeback attemp made against the Pacers back in early January. His driving lay-up pulled his team within five; as things began to slip away, he would drain a three-pointer to give the Cavs one final chance. Against the Houston Rockets, Waiters once again paced the Cavaliers with 26 points, adding eight more assists for good measure. One night later, on the second night of a back-to-back, he provided 22 more points as the wine and gold ended the New York Knicks’ eight-game winning streak. It would be Jarrett Jack in the spotlight, leading the team in scoring and assists (31 and 10, respectively), but it would be Waiters who not only kept double-teams away from his backcourt mate, but hit a clutch three-pointer to put his team up by four late in the fourth quarter, having entered it down by nine.
Brown said that Waiters is trying to take some “initiative in the process.” His teammates, the same ones who were fed up with his antics during the winter-month drubbings, are also taking notice. Small forward Luol Deng said Waiters is “playing great right now.” Jack, the man who inhabits the locker next to Waiters when the two find themselves within the confines of The Q, has also seen marked improvement, but not just in the young guard’s play. Jack assured Waiters that the only reason people are hard on him is because of his ability and the expectations that come with being one of the best athletes in the world. He’s challenged Waiters to not only bring it on the court, but off of it as well.
There are also a bunch of video interviews floating around, some of which you can find here:
Dear Mom: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new boyfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Dad and you. I've been finding real passion with Ahmed and he is so nice-even with all his piercings, tattoos, beard, and his motorcycle clothes. But it's not only the passion Mom, I'm pregnant and Ahmed said that we will be very happy. He already owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. He wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too. Ahmed taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. In the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Ahmed can get better; he sure deserves it!! Don't worry Mom, I'm 15 years old now and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your grand children.
Look up Madeira vine and you will find gazillions of references to its invasive and terrible habits. But did you know that it’s edible?
He says, “I feel extremely privileged to have seen this part of the world in such a deep way. I came here with a working theory that most people are good. This trip has reinforced that no end. This is one of the most maligned parts of our world, yet in reality I've found it to be perhaps the friendliest, kindest and most peaceful place to spend time.”
For example, in Alice Munro’s 1979 story “The Beggar Maid”, we find Rose, a scholarship student, just entering college. She is compelled to attend a meeting with other scholarship students, and, arriving with an unprepossessing companion at the room where the meeting is held, Rose hesitates outside the door.
We may therefore find it suitable to change our underlying metaphor, leaving behind all these dripping body parts our assistant has so obligingly harvested, and propose instead a more congenial potatoes-to-vodka ratio, where some writers prefer to assemble more potatoes (or “world”) and others fewer, to arrive at a given amount of distilled spirit (or “understanding”).
The scale under consideration here is the differing P:V ratio we find in stories versus novels. We know that novels tend to be richer in their effects than stories; specifically, we find that novelists tend to describe much more matter than a story writer will, but will derive from this matter roughly the same amount of spirit (or sometimes slightly more).7 In other words, novelists pile up more potatoes as a matter of course, but don’t derive giant gushing fountains of vodka. Longer descriptions leading to bigger heaps of stuff, but not a concomitant increase in the amount of understanding derived. You can only understand so much at once, after all.
…a flat-roofed redwood modern oriented along a little sheltered ridge overlooking the marsh to the south. The foyer was floored in flagstones; on the right an open stairway went down to a basement level where the three children (Jonathan, Julia, Henrietta) slept and the laundry was done and the cars were parked. Above this, on the main level, were the kitchen, the dining room, the master bedroom, a polished hall where hung reproductions of etchings by Rembrandt, Durer, Piranesi, and Picasso. To the left of the foyer a dramatically long living room opened up, with a shaggy cerulean rug and two facing white sofas and symmetrical hi-fi speakers and a Baldwin grand and at the far end an elevated fireplace with a great copper hood. The house bespoke money in the service of taste. In the summer evenings he would drive back from the station through the livelong light hovering above the tawny marshes, flooded or dry according to the tides, and find his little wife, her black hair freshly combed and parted, waiting on the longer of the sofas, which was not precisely white but rather a rough Iranian wool bleached to the pallor of sand mixed with ash. A record, Glenn Gould or Dinu Lupatti playing Bach or Schumann, would be sending forth clear vines of sound from the invisible root within the hi-fi closet. A pitcher of martinis would have been mixed and held chilled within the refrigerator toward this precious moment of his daily homecoming….
The foundation of her knowledge was really laid in the idleness of her grandmother’s house, where, as most of the other inmates were not reading people, she had uncontrolled use of a library full of books with frontispieces, which she used to climb upon a chair to take down. When she had found one to her taste—she was guided in the selection chiefly by the frontispiece—she carried it into a mysterious apartment which lay beyond the library and which was called, traditionally, no one knew why, the office. Whose office it had been and at what period it had flourished, she never learned; it was enough for her that it contained an echo and a pleasant musty smell and that it was a chamber of disgrace for old pieces of furniture whose infirmities were not always apparent (so that the disgrace seemed unmerited and rendered them victims of injustice) and with which, in the manner of children, she had established relations almost human, certainly dramatic. There was an old haircloth sofa in especial, to which she had confided a hundred childish sorrows. The place owed much of its mysterious melancholy to the fact that it was properly entered from the second door of the house, the door that had been condemned, and that it was secured by bolts which a particularly slender girl found it impossible to slide. She knew that this silent, motionless portal opened into the street; if the sidelights had not been filled with green paper she might have looked out upon the little brown stoop and the well-worn brick pavement. But she had no wish to look out, for this would have interfered with her theory that there was a strange, unseen place on the other side—a place which became to the child’s imagination, according to its different moods, a region of delight or terror.
Cheever’s rough 1:1 p:v ratio seems to go some way toward producing his trademark sound—a sort of tremulous, searching flight, as a claustrophobic eye shuttles ceaselessly between world and mind in search of an elusive certainty. The feeling becomes one of weird immersion and a kind of synesthesia; the character experiences the world, has an immediate mental reaction, and is then at once experiencing the world again. Fitting perhaps that we find the fraught and frenzied Cheever here, seeing and feeling, seeing and feeling, helpless to prevent his marvelously fruitful mind from making something of everything.8
Surely we have gone too far with this, and certainly it is entirely wrong to put novelists and short-story writers together, rather as though we have tried somehow to pen up tigers with barracuda, but it is interesting to note the opposing and intersecting groupings, one of which we may very generally see is composed of Worriers—writers less at home in the world, and who have taken the self, or some version of the self, as the subject—while the other is composed of Composed Describers, writers who have taken the world as their subject and, generally speaking, written about society. That this is a byproduct of the individual personalities in question seems plain. We should also note that the very greatest tend to find themselves at rather the far points on the graph, outliers here as elsewhere, and that certain stylistically versatile folks can be imagined to be plotted in more than one place (Welty’s various moods, Updike’s, Faulkner’s come to mind), rather as though they have both a city house and a country one.
As you can probably tell from the ‘500’ name, it’s not taking its inspiration from the latest generation of four-stroke monsters but from an earlier era of more delicate, knife-edge 500cc two-strokes. Yes, it does look a lot like an NSR500, doesn’t it? And yes, they’re making 46 of them, which is a number that’s reminiscent of someone who perhaps took the NSR500 to its last world title. But you’ll find no official mention of that chap’s name on the Ronax website.
I hope you find the video useful. We are now in the final stretch....
SINGAPORE: Some passengers found themselves walking on the Light Rail Transit (LRT) tracks in near-darkness in Sengkang on Tuesday evening (Mar 29), due to a train fault.
“Man, in London, if you try and find some space to open an academy it’s like, super hard,” says Arya. “People want space, people want apartments, they don’t want to sell you space to put some mats down. It’s hard to find the perfect training space here, so we need to appreciate our talent, look at the things that are actually against us and see how we’ve done – it’s really cool.”
But as you reduce the speed that the drive shaft is rotating, you lower the frequency of the sound it’s making. There comes a lower limit where the engine is making what Gordon calls “groan-y and moan-y” noises which people find unpleasant. The car sounds broken. So cars had to keep the engine’s RPM above a certain level, hurting their fuel efficiency, or risk alienating customers.
Sabrina Bicknell (1757 – 8 September 1843), better known as Sabrina Sidney, was a British foundling girl taken in when she was 12 by author Thomas Day, who wanted to mould her into his perfect wife. Day had been struggling to find a wife who would share his ideology and had been rejected by several women. Inspired by Jean-Jacques Rousseau's book Emile, or On Education, he decided to educate two girls without any frivolities, using his own concepts.
When Sidney reached her teenage years, Day was persuaded by Edgeworth that his ideal wife experiment had failed and he should send her away, as it was inappropriate for Day to live with her unchaperoned. He then arranged for Sidney to undergo experimental vocational and residential changes—first attending a boarding school, then becoming an apprentice to a dressmaker family, and eventually being employed as Day's housekeeper. Having seen changes in Sidney, Day proposed marriage, though he soon called this off when she did not follow his strict instructions; he again sent her away, this time to a boarding house, where she later found work as a lady's companion.
Day came to the conclusion that he would not be able to find a wife who would meet his high standards and largely blamed women's education for this. Inspired by the character of Sophie in Rousseau's Emile, he resolved to "create" his ideal wife by raising her from adolescence, using the techniques laid out in the book. Day was approaching financial independence, when he would have full access to the money left to him, and conspired with his barrister friend, John Bicknell, to find two girls who could be taken into his care to be groomed as a perfect wife.
Sidney did not refuse the proposal, so Day planned the wedding while she considered it further and eventually agreed. During the preparations, Day left Sidney with friends for a few days, giving her strict instructions on what she should wear. When he returned to find her in an outfit that did not meet his requirements, he flew into a rage and Sidney fled for a few hours, so Day called off the engagement. Sidney was sent to a boarding house in Birmingham and given a stipend of £50 per annum (equivalent to £6,180 in 2018). Day resolved never to see her again.
Sidney and her two children were now left without an income. Day sent her a new stipend of £30 per year, (equivalent to £3,708 in 2018) which was matched by Edgeworth. Her husband's barrister friends raised £800 (equivalent to £98,873 in 2018) for the widow and her children. Sidney found a role as housekeeper for Charles Burney, as well as general manager of his schools in Chiswick, Hammersmith, and Greenwich. It was at his Greenwich school that her own children were educated.
A Pew Research reanalysis of the 2000-2001 National Jewish Population Survey suggests that at that time, 93% of Jews in that study were Jews by religion and 7% were Jews of no religion (after some adjustments to make the NJPS and Pew Research categories as similar as possible). In the new Pew Research survey, 78% of Jews are Jews by religion, and fully 22% are Jews of no religion (including 6% who are atheist, 4% who are agnostic and 12% whose religion is “nothing in particular”). Though the two studies employed different question wording and methodologies and are thus not directly comparable, the magnitude of these differences suggests that Jews of no religion have grown as a share of the Jewish population and the overall U.S. public. The new Pew Research survey finds that approximately 0.5% of U.S. adults — about 1.2 million people — are Jews of no religion.
Teams working in large (or growing) organizations can find themselves working in silos. If you find this happening to your social marketing team, make sure you keep tearing down those silos and stay connected to other teams. Their work can be a rich source of information and assets to share with your followers. And they may be gathering insights that can open up new opportunities for your Twitter strategy.
Our list of 33 Twitter tools you can use in your marketing strategy is broken down by function to help you find the tools you need to market your business more efficiently on Twitter. Here are just a few of the things these tools will help you do faster and better:
to connect with. Analyze your competition to find detailed information on their tweets, mentions, hashtags, followers, and more.
to find detailed information on their tweets, mentions, hashtags, followers, and more. Find trending topics by content, hashtags, search terms, sources, and more.
A strategically optimized Twitter profile can do far more than just share your name, handle, and description. With a few quick tweaks, you can boost the visual impact of your profile; target a precise physical location or general area; help customers find other Twitter profiles your company manages; and make it easier for people to interact with your brand and start conversations about your products. For all the details, see our video on optimizing your profile settings on Twitter.
Of course, after investing all this work in crafting a great profile, you’ll want to make sure people actually find it. Add your Twitter handle to your website, email signatures, the side of your delivery truck, and wherever else it makes sense to show it off.
Another key reason to listen on social is to find influencers and experts in your field. Nearly 40 percent of Twitter users say they’ve made a purchase as a direct result of a tweet from an influencer, and 49 percent say they rely on influencers when looking for product recommendations.
For more information on how to find influencers on Twitter and build valuable relationships with them, take a look at our complete guide to influencer marketing on social media.
To create content your audience will actually read and use, it helps to never stop learning about their interests, needs, and fears. In addition to reading their tweets and engaging directly with them, you can also use apps like Trendspottr to find and share trending content.
You curate content when you sort through the massive amount of content online and share the best of it with your followers in an organized, meaningful way. At Hootsuite, we share the best content we find with our followers using the hashtag #ChoiceContent.
Hashtags ensure that your content is being seen by as many followers as possible. Hashtags enable you to classify content so that your tweets are grouped with other relevant Twitter content. This helps other Twitter users find your content easily, just as it can help you find influencers and others in your industry.
The popularity—and effectiveness—of multimedia continues its meteoric rise on social media. A survey of Twitter users found that the majority (82 percent) watch video content on Twitter, and that users want to see more videos from celebrities, other users, and brands. Why not offer your followers more of what they’re asking for?
According to Wyzowl’s State of Video Marketing 2017 report, 79 percent of consumers would rather watch a video to learn about a product than read text on a page—and 84 percent of consumers have been convinced to make a purchase after watching a brand’s video. You might tweet out videos your organization has created, retweet relevant video content your audience would find valuable, or explore ways to share real-time video on Twitter.
We recommend tweeting at least once a day to attract and engage Twitter followers. Experiment with posting more than that, and then pay attention to how your followers react to find the frequency that works best for you.
Martina Slajerova Creator of KetoDietApp.com I changed the way I ate in 2011, when I was diagnosed with Hashimoto’s, an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid. I had no energy, and I found it more and more difficult to maintain a healthy weight. That’s when I decided to quit sugar, grains, and processed foods, and to start following a whole-foods-based ketogenic approach to food. More posts by Martina Slajerova
“I heard the news about Trump at the end of that day’s play. We got our phones and it was a shocking moment. I expected [Hillary] Clinton to edge it and found it difficult to accept. I’ve since focused most on the policy – like changes to healthcare provision, the attempted Muslim ban, as well as the ramping up of immigration and deportations – rather than just thinking of Trump as the clown he often appears. It’s important to be less hysterical about the person but more hysterical about the political implications.”
Just as people expect Ansari to be the proverbial boffin, it was assumed by some that he would leave cricket for a career in the City. “People were really supportive of my decision to retire. Mike Atherton wrote a really nice piece – as did Ali Martin in the Guardian. But there can be the assumption that because you’ve been to Cambridge you’d only give up cricket to earn a lot of money. My girlfriend and friends found that quite funny – because they know how far it is from the truth. Cricketers don’t get paid like footballers but I was earning more than my parents – and they have been academics for 40 years. So if money was a motivation I would have stayed longer in cricket.”
The letter, signed by Abdullah Alzarooni Advocates in Dubai — where HostSailor says it is based — carries the subject line, “Warning from Acts of Extortion and Abuse of the Privacy of Third Parties.” It lists a number of links to content the company apparently finds objectionable.
Over the next 20 years five investigations would look into the murder of Daniel Morgan . The initial investigation into the murder by the Metropolitan Police focused on Sid Fillery and Jonathan Rees, both who denied involvement in the murder. This was followed by an inquiry by Hampshire Police in 1988 focusing on Jonathan Rees and another man, but the charges were dropped because of a lack of evidence, with the Hampshire inquiry's 1989 report to the Police Complaints Authority stated that "no evidence whatsoever" had been found of police involvement in the murder. During this period Sid Fillery left the police to join Southern Investigations as Jonathan Rees’ business partner.
The easiest way to find out how CSS Shapes works is probably through creating a circle. So, here’s a div (our circle), with several paragraphs alongside.
If we inspect the element through our browser DevTools, we will find the element is, in fact, still a box. So, even though our div has the appearance of a circle, the border-radius has done nothing to the actual shape of the element.
The default box-model of the shape is set to margin-box . And in the following example, we’ve changed it to padding-box to tell the browser to exclude the element margin when determining the shape size or span. Now we should find the paragraph pass through the border, and immediately touching the padding of the element.
A subscription fee of $9.95 a month kept the title somewhat affordable for families and kids, and a “safe” communication system called SpeedChat. In design, SpeedChat would select pre-made sentences to keep kids from getting harassed, and grouping could only happen if kids exchanged special codes in-person with their friends. Not surprisingly, players found a way to pass out these codes in game even so, arranging housing decorations to form the letters and numbers.
But you either out there — a “not giving a fuck”–type person — or you a person that’s going with the guidelines. And it’s not really a black or white thing. If Miley was doing all the way pop shit, they would have found something else about her [to get mad about].
While Neidell began his YouTube series in July 2014 on topics you’d expect to find in a standard WWI curriculum—the assassination of Franz Ferdinand, early trench warfare, propaganda, the Red Baron—the show has since branched out to give a much more comprehensive look at the “Great War,” detailing everything from soldiers’ diets and salaries to what’s wrong with EA’s Battlefield 1 trailer:
The report said that average hourly wages crept up 0.3 percent from a month earlier, to $18.01, but that tiny bounty has been more than offset by higher food and energy prices. The report also said that 5.4 million Americans -- about 3 percent of the labor force -- were working part time either because their hours had been cut or because they could not find full-time employment, a figure unchanged from May but up 1.1 million from a year earlier.
That may be the part I’m the most proud of. When I look at most things I made five years ago, like code, I can see pretty clear deficencies. But Dungeon World hasn’t aged like that for me. I haven’t found anything I regret or that I think we got wrong. If we ever revisit Dungeon World it won’t be to patch problems, it will be to share new ideas.
But that leads to the part I am the least happy with: we signed up for future work in the Kickstarter, and some of that is still outstanding. At least its down to one piece, a supplement titled Inglorious, but that’s still something that bothers me. Part of the problem is how my life has shifted in those five years: a new job that I find far more engaging, buying a house, the birth of our kid. My portions of Dungeon World were often written in free time during the day while at the office, but time like that has dried up. But the larger issue may be that my approach to game design is so much tinkering. I have found occasional time to work on a few projects, but have to remind myself the importance of finishing things that were promised ahead of things that have my attention.
Over the last 10 years I have routinely experimented with middle pitch. It doesn’t mean my instruments and apps aren’t in tune when I play them, it means that I set my base pitch where I want it, not where the tuner or a musical society of standards says it should be. Around 2000, I began to reconsider 440A. It seemed preposterous to me that you have to be at this range to play “music.” In 2001, I prepared my bass with a wooden dowel under all four strings and applied this to my solo project RAFT and a new group called n0 things. By abandoning the notion of concert pitch, I was able to find a place that felt good sonically. A pivotal moment for me was when I strung a rubber band from the horn of my bass back to the dowel rod under the strings and began plucking it as a hook for a song. The resonant thud had overtones I desired to hear even though the setup wasn’t very practical, musically speaking, but it really got down to the bones of what a sound is or can be beyond the standards of music and concert pitch; the “play-here-to-be-a-musician” school of thought. What was peskily ringing inside my own head could now see light and enter into new creative territory. So I began settling into this new relationship between my strings, strange vibrations and my free-to-run sound-self. By the time n0 things had come and gone, I had a system, and A was at 436hz. I had developed something new that came from abandoning concert pitch. I developed all of this much further in the band These Are Powers.
In order to get an accurate set of responses, I played the same piece “Rethinking Concert Pitch” exactly the same, twice, the first one in 432 and the second in 440, each for 30 minutes. The notes and hertz ranges I chose to present for this demonstration were determined by my own emotional and physical reactions during the research and design phase. I used an app on my Iphone called Signal Generator to find my ranges. It allowed me to quickly scroll through all the semitones around 432 and 440.
Once I found a semitone or tone that l thought had deep content, I rounded it up or down to the nearest note, which would help me express the differences in terms of music rather than hz. I used a very handy conversion chart written by a guy named BH Suits, to help me convert the notes in 432 to 440 and vice versa. For instance, I could look at the chart and see what D was in 432 (288hz) and then what it was in 440 (293.66hz). This way I could keep both sets harmonically identical and equally relative to the middle pitch in both pieces.
Overall, the reactions were pretty varied. And the data around 432 didn’t reveal it to be this transformative and magical sound, but the majority surveyed in set 1 at 432 stated that it was very calming and relaxing. In fact, 83% said they felt calm at 432, while 80% did for 440. A majority, 77.7%, in 432, however, claimed to see dark shades, (black, brown, blue and purple) while during 440, 60% said they saw greens, yellow, red, amber and orange. I think that’s interesting because 432 is definitely a little darker, a little more mysterious. That said, the unease experienced by 44.4% of those surveyed during the 432 set, could perhaps be a reaction by the parasympathetic nervous system to the foreign sonics of 432hz. The descriptions about mood during 432 found a majority siting “contemplative, calm, pondering and relaxed.” The shapes audience members experienced during 432 and some in 440 were described as round, oval and tunnel-like. Shape description for 440 was similar to 432 although some described more triangles and jaggedness.
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
The poll, conducted by the newspaper Haaretz and the polling company Dialog, found 64 percent of Israelis in favor of talks.
He then proceeds to pick one … count them … one single argument from a long list and proceeds to demolish it. Incidentally, it took me some time to actually find what he was attacking, I’ll not bore you with the details, but if truly curious, it comes from Number 7 on this page.
1 people found this review helpful
when the GMC found that several had been selected especially for the
appropriate ethics committee, when the GMC found it had not been.
More rigorous studies have found
Despite Trump telling reporters in Florida on July 27 that Russia should try to go into his opponent's emails to try to uncover her "missing" correspondence, Trump says he actually never really said that. "Of course I was being sarcastic," he told Fox News of his earlier request that “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let’s see if that happens. That will be next.”
But city officials hope Tulane Avenue is on the cusp of a renaissance, led by construction of a $2 billion medical complex expected to create 17,000 well-paying jobs. Some entrepreneurs have started to open businesses along the Mid-City corridor. But some find their livelihoods threatened by the crime that prevail on the avenue. They're caught between Tulane Avenue's seedy present and its promising future, uncertain whether their businesses will survive long enough to see it.
This agreement comes after the DOL’s Wage and Hour Division found that Zenefits misclassified the above-mentioned employees as being exempt from minimum wage and overtime. Zenefits, according to the DOL, was wrong to pay those workers a flat salary, regardless of overtime and time spent in training.
Technology that detects how pigs are feeling will be used on farms within years to help producers find ways to manage them more effectively, according to a leading scientist.
“The idea with monitoring is that daily checks are taken over by the technology and the farmer enters to solve the problem, not find it.
Thursday’s arrest occurred a week after another student found a swastika and a picture of a concentration camp drawn on a white board inside his room.
September 21, 2007: NASA's Mars Odyssey spacecraft has discovered entrances to seven possible caves on the slopes of a Martian volcano. The find is fueling interest in potential underground habitats and sparking searches for caverns elsewhere on the Red Planet.
Very dark, nearly circular features ranging in diameter from about 328 to 820 feet puzzled researchers who found them in images taken by NASA's Mars Odyssey and Mars Global Surveyor orbiters. Using Mars Odyssey's infrared camera to check the daytime and nighttime temperatures of the circles, scientists concluded that they could be windows into underground spaces.
The observations have prompted researchers using Mars Odyssey and NASA's newer Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter to examine the Seven Sisters. The goal is to find other openings to underground spaces at lower elevations that are more accessible to future missions to Mars.
When he arrived at Spacey’s apartment, Rapp quickly realized that he was the only nonadult there — which, again, did not worry him, since he so often had found himself in similar situations as a child actor. The bigger issue: “I didn’t know anyone,” he said. “And I was quickly kind of bored.”
This anti-intellectualism is antediluvian. No wonder a 2009 Pew Research Center report found that only 6 percent of scientists identified as Republican and 9 percent identified as conservative.
Furthermore, a 2005 study found that just 11 percent of college professors identified as Republican and 15 percent identified as conservative. Some argue that this simply represents a liberal bias in academia. But just as strong a case could be made that people who absorb facts easily don’t suffer fools gladly.
And the beginning of the world isn’t the only point of denial. So is the potential end of it. A March Gallup poll found that Republicans were much less likely than Democrats or independents to say that they worried about global warming. Only 16 percent of Republicans said that they worried a great deal about it, while 42 percent of Democrats and 31 percent of independents did.
She looked up, to find in her astonishment that the Doctor was already fully clothed, engaged in straightening out one of those fantastic lace cuffs.
She ripped it open to find a a UNIT female officer's uniform. "Thoughtful," she said. "Won't I look kind of frumpy, though?"
Annette Saunders, 60, drove five hours with her husband from Norwalk, Conn., to volunteer with Save the Storks, a group that opposes abortion, and to hand out signs that said, “For those who can’t.” Though she voted for Mr. Trump, Ms. Saunders said she agonized over the decision because she found him to be “crass” and was frustrated by the tape of him using vulgarities to talk about women.
“If you want to avoid countries, including China, to build such big reserves, contributing to global imbalances, we need to find another system,” he said.
Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption The original negatives of 1971's Wake In Fright were found just a week before they were due to be burned
The film's negatives were thought to have been lost for more than three decades until its cinematographer, Tony Buckley, found the originals in canisters marked for destruction a week before they were due to be incinerated in the US.
Walsh added: "When we located the project we found more than we bargained for with over 52 cans of various footage from film trims, cutting copies and work prints.
"We didn't know if the original camera negative would be amongst all of this haul. After a close examination I was delighted to find all of the original camera negative was there and in good shape for its age."
"During this process I was surprised to find many of the 20th Century's major film titles have lost their original elements and the restoration process starts with old battered projection prints that may have been around many cinemas.
He had almost given up on the prints when he received a call in 2012 from a Universal Studios archivist who told him he had found them.
L iving without a dealer in Ireland it is easy to forget that JAWA are still selling bikes in Europe. The fact that they have reduced their range of bikes and are following the MZ trend of bigger machines does not mean that they have disappeared. I was recently contacted by Stanislav Hrnčíř. He is attempting to contact 650 and 660cc owners. Many have already banded together to form a club. As the photos from one of their recent camps shows they are numerous and active. Well done the boys. Click Here to see and find out more. If you would like to contact them emailStanislav Hrnčíř. Mick Back to Content
Hello My name is Josip and I am contacting You from Croatia (Hrvatska). I have a CZ 175, type 477, build 1974. I am restaurating the motorcycle but my gas tank is in very poor condition and I am searching for new tank. I was wondering if You maybe could help me, where to find a better tank. Maybe if some of Your members have spare parts and is willing to sell it, I would buy it if it's in a good condition (mine is rusty from inside and stopping the gass flow). Contact: email Thanks in advanceJosip Vuglenović
As a result of the listing, credit bureaus return reports of "deceased" to entities seeking checks on the individuals' credit reports, which can prevent people from attaining credit, receiving government benefits, renting apartments, or securing jobs, and interfere with anything involving credit checks or Social Security. Credit zombies may even find their bank accounts frozen and have no access to their money.
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
It’s understandable why some fans find it hard to view Batum as a max player. His averages last season – 14.9 points, 6.1 rebounds and 5.8 assists – are not superstar-like.
"I honestly believe that the Conservative MPs – not the senators – Conservative MPs disagree fundamentally with the Supreme Court decision, and have at every opportunity found ways or tried to find ways that would tie up access to assisted dying in such a way as to make the Supreme Court of Canada decision null and void," Mr. Oliphant said.
The next morning, Christmas morning, Jessie awoke to find that her lover was still in her bed and they were still as naked as they’d been when they fell asleep. Robby was still fast asleep. Being a deep sleeper, especially after sex, she didn’t expect him to wake up for a good long while.
“We’ve tried to solve this problem, but it’s still bad,” said Ahmed, an activist in Albara, a town of 20,000 in the Jebel Azzawieh region of rebel-held Idlib Governorate. “You can find volunteers to collect the trash for one day or two, but not every day, and we don’t have funds to pay salaries.”
In addition, Ahmed said, to take away the refuse, they need trucks and fuel, which is expensive and not always available. “It’s a big town, so you need at least three vehicles if you want to clear the streets, but sometimes we can find only one.”
Her body was found approximately five kilometres northeast of Wilkie in the RM of Buffalo.
Economists Jaison A. Abel and Richard Deitz found that women who have recently graduated from college make about 97 cents for every dollar their male counterparts take home -- a much narrower gap than the national average of 82 cents. In fact, for 29 of the 73 majors they analyzed, women actually outearned men. The traditional gender pay disparity was reversed in fields ranging from philosophy to aerospace engineering to social services.
A budding skeptic confronted with an array of belief systems, I felt that Peck’s emphasis on dedication to truth helped to ground me. And when I was tempted to nurse crushes as an alcoholic might a sloe gin fizz, Peck was there to remind me that true love involved a conscious choice to nurture the other partner’s wellbeing. Seekers in past generations might have found refuge in Rainer Maria Rilke or the Bible; I turned to the fatherly Peck, a remote but magnanimous presence who advocated self-discipline as the path to growth and happiness.
Centuries later, farmers, tradespeople and politicians laboured mightily to establish the still-young United States as an economic and social power. The new country’s citizens – who often lived off the land and took pride in stalwart self-sufficiency – found kindred spirits in self-help spokesmen such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson, both of whom emphasised the sacrifice and struggle required to lead a meaningful life. ‘A great man is always willing to be little,’ Emerson opined in an 1841 essay. ‘When he is pushed, tormented, defeated, he has a chance to learn something.’
Discerning researchers have started calling out the woo-peddlers in recent years, proving that a self-help principle’s popularity is no guarantee of its quality. In a 1999 study at the University of California, Los Angeles, students who visualised themselves scoring high on an upcoming test actually scored lower and devoted less time to preparation than students who did not visualise this outcome. And in a 2009 study, the psychologist Joanne Wood at the University of Waterloo found that people who had low self-esteem to begin with actually felt worse after parroting positive statements about themselves. So the power of positive thinking touted in books such as The Secret can be little more than a mirage. ‘Concluding that it works based on personal experience does not constitute rigorous research,’ Wood says.
Norcross’s research and the Books on Prescription results suggest that discriminating self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise. This might mean that experts confirm a book contains valid principles, that the author cites peer-reviewed studies to support key points, or that the book has demonstrably helped a significant number of people. (Norcross’s studies have found no correlation between a book’s popularity and its effectiveness, so he warns against surface criteria such as sales numbers and celebrity endorsements.) Bibliotherapy is probably best undertaken with the guidance of a trained therapist – someone who can help readers assess how well the approach is working, offer advice on how to put self-help principles into practice, or recommend stronger treatment if appropriate.
Still, through all these changes in intellectual fashion, our desire for eudaimonia remains as strong as ever. In his writings, Norcross has pegged the self-help movement as part of the ‘human quest to understand and conquer behavioural disorders’, but many readers would find that description incomplete. When we pore endlessly over self-help titles, most of us aren’t just looking to resolve our problems one by one, with a to-do list mentality. We’re groping for something more profound – to infuse our plodding lives with new texture and meaning.
Even so, when I encounter a future crisis of the soul, the eminently practical Feeling Good won’t be the only book I reach for. I might also pick up The Road Less Travelled, with its time-tested wisdom about finding meaning in struggle. Or I might open Darkness Visible, the unforgettable testimony of a writer who found the way back from his own personal hell. When it comes to achieving eudaimonia, we are all lone cosmonauts fumbling our way. The literature we choose to guide us should supply proven advice we can trust. But it should also, as Franz Kafka wrote, be ‘the axe for the frozen sea within us’, bludgeoning us in ways that awaken us to the extraordinary.
Thankfully by the time the 2nd quarter had rolled around, the Redskins seemed to find their footing and helped Robb “Fat Robb” Kelley make an excellent 22 yard rumbling touchdown play and place themselves back in control of the game.
With an additional field goal by the Eagles making the game 22-21, which by the way, has a funny story to how it came to be as Celek was also knocked out of the game and the Eagles had to find another long snapper to help make the kick. I dreamt of having one of their fans come drunkenly down on to the field with beer in hand, batteries in pockets and proudly announce that they were here for the coach, hell for the city, if needed. It almost came to be but the Eagles found a professional football player instead to help make the kick.
I’ve asked Dan and Kevin to meet me today because I’m enlisting them as the guinea pigs for a new writing project I’m embarking on. It’s been nearly four years since I moved to Los Angeles for college, and in just a few months, I’ll be continuing to live here without the backbone of university to keep me steady. In my time in L.A. I’ve bounced between many career dreams: first I wanted to be an actor, then a screenwriter, then a stand-up comedian, then a journalist, and now my passions lie in the murky gray area between the want for all of these things. I’ve found pieces of success in each of these arenas, but as the deadline to start making a real career for myself draws nearer, I find myself almost choking on fear. Here in the epicenter of The Industry (capital letters) it’s easy to grow desperate at the massive amounts of wealth success that surround you.
The Hagemans are ideal first candidates. For starters, they weren’t offended when I used the term “E-List.” But they are also serious working screenwriters in Hollywood whose scripts—which include 2012’s Hotel Transylvania, the massively successful Cartoon Network series Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu, and the soon-to-be-released LEGO Movie—are beginning to find their way into the mainstream Hollywood vernacular. I’m here to pick their brains about how they’ve gotten to where they are, where they hope to go, and what kind of wisdom they have for someone like me, who harbors dreams of screenwriting but no real sense of how to get there.
Kevin: But it also pushes you to find the gem. If you’re writing by yourself you can get stuck in a corner, and it’s so hard to come out of that.
Kevin: It was interesting because in the beginning, we talked to so many people, and no one understood what a LEGO movie could be. And to us, it was always so simple. We just came up with the most basic of stories: A LEGO, who lives in LEGO city, suddenly finds himself in a whole new world that he’s at the center of. Basic fish out of water.
Kevin: You’re not going to find original advice. It’s the same grind for everyone. You just need to have the drive, and the skill, and the will, to push it through to the other side. And then you end up writing screenplays for toys. It’s really not a bad trade.
filtered water as needed to blend Instructions Prepare a clean and dry glass or other nonreactive container. I use a Pyrex container. It may not be strictly required, but it's best to sterilize all of your equipment with boiling water before getting started. Drain the liquid off of the soaked cashews. Add them to a blender or food processor and blend until completely smooth. If you aren't used a high-powered blender, it will take several minutes for the cashews to break down and release oils in order to become a smooth mixture. Stop to scrape down the sides as needed; you can also add filtered water a tablespoon at a time if you're having trouble blending. Note: if your blender has warmed the mixture very much, it's best to take a break now and wait for it to cool down (we don't want to kill the yogurt cultures with heat). Then, add the yogurt and salt and pulse to combine. Transfer to the clean container and cover. Let sit out at room temperature for 24 hours. Use a clean utensil to taste the mixture, and add more sea salt to taste; let it culture for another 12-24 hours if you want a stronger tang. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 weeks. (Note: length of storage time may depend on the culturing conditions and brand of yogurt used). (Optional step) This recipe makes cultured cashew cream cheese with a texture more like "whipped" dairy cream cheese. For a firmer texture like block cream cheese, press out the liquid using cheesecloth. Recipe Notes I use So Delicious Plain Unsweetened Cultured Coconut Milk as my nondairy yogurt of choice. I have tried this with soy yogurt and it also works. I find Forager cashew yogurt a little more prone to mold than other brands. Whatever you do, please use UNflavored, UNsweetened, yogurt. I have experienced that the raw cashews sold at Trader Joe's are a lower quality than other vendors. They do work for this recipe, but I recommend against them if you have other options available. Nutrition Facts Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amount Per Serving (2 tablespoons) Calories 81 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Polyunsaturated Fat 1g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 76mg 3% Total Carbohydrates 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 1g Protein 3g 6% Calcium 1% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
A member of the Union of European Turkish Democrats also said on Saturday via a Facebook post that the Turkish foreign minister would no longer come to Switzerland for a planned event on Sunday after failing to find a suitable venue.
“If you change your campaign’s name, you are trying to deodorize it to make it acceptable to critics. But the critics will always find something for which to criticize you. They will still make up stories. Changing the name is the least of my concerns,” he said.
0% — Tragically, Rep. Louie Gohmert's proposal to exempt D.C. residents from income taxes did not find its way into the congressional agenda. The No Taxation Without Representation Act addresses the District's long-standing voting-rights concerns, but rather than asserting Washingtonians' rights, it simply eliminates their obligations to Uncle Sam. Some District advocates are concerned it could turn the capital into a tax haven, as well as pushing residents' concerns even lower on the congressional totem pole. The bill has seen no movement since its introduction last July, much to the chagrin of many District-residing Hill staffers and political reporters.
Below, you'll find my watchability rankings for the preseason, powered by science and analytics. During the regular season, this column will detail the teams and players that are most intriguing in a given week. The qualifications are much different in the preseason.
As the investigation continued, it kept getting worse. Several offices hired new IT staff, and found some of the computers were sending data to an offsite server. It is unknown what type of data or where the server is located yet, but several IT professionals on the Hill now believe members could be subject to blackmail because of the data theft. The violations were so bad, one staffer said, “There’s no question about it: If I was accused of a tenth of what these guys are accused of, they’d take me out in handcuffs that same day, and I’d never work again.”
The case took another turn in a committee hearing on the Capitol Hill Police budget last week. Wasserman-Shultz took the opportunity to confront the Capitol Hill Police Chief about evidence in possession of the police. The Congresswoman wants a laptop computer back that is currently considered evidence by the Capitol Hill Police. The laptop allegedly was assigned to Imran Awan, the ringleader of the group. The laptop was found hidden in a different building from the one Wasserman-Shultz works in. The Congresswoman has an office in the Longworth building, but the laptop was found “hidden in an unused crevice of the Rayburn House Office Building.” The Capitol Police seized it and are treating it as evidence in their ongoing criminal investigation.
Where is the call for a special counsel on this scandal? Could it be Congress was breached by a foreign intelligence service, and no one wants to admit it, or did Congress get ripped off by a family of scammers? We need to find out the truth, no matter how unpleasant.
Boeing reported the issue — which it said was found during laboratory testing — to the FAA, which issued an airworthiness directive (AD) on Friday:
Francys Arsentiev was the first American woman to reach Everest’s summit without the aid of bottled oxygen, in 1998. But climbers do not recognize this as a successful ascent since she never made it down the mountain. Following a rough night time trek to camp, her husband, a fellow climber, noticed she was missing. Despite the dangers, he chose to turn back to find his wife anyway. On his way back, he encountered a team of Uzbek climbers, who said they had tried to help Francys but had to abandon her when their own oxygen became depleted. The next day, two other climbers found Francys, who was still alive but in too poor of a condition to be moved. Her husband’s ice axe and rope were nearby, but he was nowhere to be found. Francys died where the two climbers left her, and climbers solved her husband’s disappearance the following year when they found his body lower down on the mountain face where he fell to his death.
The New York Police Department says no evidence of vandalism has been found at a predominantly Jewish cemetery where more than 40 tombstones were toppled over.The NYPD says after consultation with the management of the Washington Cemetery in Brooklyn, it was determined the 42 tombstones came down as a result of a number of factors. Those include long-term neglect or lack of maintenance, as well as environmental factors such as soil erosion.Assemblyman Dov Hikind tweeted photos Saturday night showing some headstones on the ground.There has been a rash of vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and 122 bomb threats against Jewish organizations in three dozen states since early January.A $69,000 reward has been offered for an arrest and conviction in the vandalism of Mt. Carmel Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery in the Wissinoming section of Philadelphia.Authorities said Friday that Juan Thompson, a former journalist fired for fabricating details in stories, made at least eight threats against Jewish institutions nationwide as part of a campaign against his ex-girlfriend.----The Associated Press contributed to this report.------
AMY GOODMAN: I mean, people are not used to hearing that President Obama and the Republicans have found common ground and that President Obama’s opposition are the largest bloc in Congress, and that’s the progressive Democrats. Can you explain why President Obama is pushing TPP forward and TPA, the fast-track authority, which means, again, that you can’t amend this agreement, you can only vote up or down?
Italians enjoy their meals and take their time to eat, they don't shove their food down their throats in 35 - 45 minutes. I still enjoy going to a restaurant in Italy and being able to sit 3 or 4 hours and enjoy the courses and allow my food to settle before I begin the next course. They cook with olive oil, eat a lot of unprocessed meats and fresh vegetables from the market, and cook simple and not over spiced (depending on the area I guess) and don't overload their plates. Return to the top MaryAbbeymore replied to Italian traditions customs: I am an American who has been living in Italy for the last 9 years. Italians are very big on hygiene, you might find some who are very dirty, but they are in the minority. I think Italians are the Europeans who spend the most time and money on hygiene and personal appearance. In all Italian bathrooms you will find a shower or bathtub, toilet and a bidet. If you do not know what a bidet is it looks like a sink but it's low on the ground and Italians use it to wash their feet and intimate parts. Many Italians wash their intimate parts every time they visit the bathroom, and others 1 or 2 times a day. For Italians the thought of cleaning with only toilet paper is quite disgusting. They say it's not clean enough. Italian women spend millions of Euros yearly on perfumes, the hairdresser, shampoos, cosmetics, etc.and so do the Italian men. I know plenty of Italian guys that who spend a lots of money at hair dresser on cologne, shampoo, face cream, waxing, gym, designer clothes, etc. In the hotel I work at a Croatian client told me that Italian men are nothing like Croatian men because they take such good care of themselves (almost better than women in most other countries). I think the majority of Italians shower every day, the ones who go to gym take 2 or more showers. Italian women, and a lot of Italian men shave almost everything. I've yet to see an Italian woman with hairy armpits. I'm telling you all this because I've noticed a lot of stereotypes about Italian women with hairy armpits, it's false!
Once we arrived at our airbnb in Reykjavik, the friendliest neighborhood cat actually jumped into our rental car! I couldn’t resist giving the big kitty a hug! I’m seriously in love with the cats in Reykjavik. (We met more kitties while walking around the neighborhood). They all seem to be larger, fluffier, and friendlier than the ones at home. Later, we found an Instagram account dedicated to Reykjavik cats! Shoutout to @reykjavikcats!
The best way to handle this is to use third-party programs to find duplicate files on the system. There are numerous programs that provide you with that functionality: CloneSpy, DoubleKiller or Duplicate Commander are just three.
The main difference between the programs may be the methods used to determine duplicates. Basic duplicate file finders compare file names and extensions only. More advanced programs may use hashes instead, or even use fuzzy logic to find nearly identical files (think a photo that is available in two different resolutions).
You may find the following resources useful. They may review programs that you may find useful, or provide additional information on certain clean up methods.
I find myself doing the same things over and over again, and when that happens it's time to automate! After all a 'fire and forget' script that automatically gets Domain Admin has always been the dream right?
Before I continue, I'll take this opportunity for a rant: getting Domain Admin should NOT be the sole scope of your pentest and if it is you are doing it wrong. You should be focusing on post-exploitation, trying to find sensitive PII, documents etc.. anything that can clearly demonstrate to 'management' how much it could have impacted the organization if it were a real world compromise. However, having Domain Admin access does make life easier, provides additional value to the client and tends to make an impression on the Blue Team.
Originally, I wanted something that could just take BloodHounds output, parse it, feed it to Empire and make it follow the 'chain'. However, BloodHound does not take into account (at least to my knowledge) paths that could be achieved using domain privilege escalations such as GPP Passwords in SYSVOL (I personally find that one an almost every engagement).
Mr Bain was found not guilty at a retrial last year of the 1994 murder of his parents and three siblings in Dunedin after spending 13 years in prison.
Danny’s main goal for the campaign was to get it featured by Kickstarter on the homepage, but that doesn’t happen without a bit of leg work. In order to build momentum and prove to Kickstarter that his project was worth highlighting, Danny sent an email to his existing mailing list of about 4,000 people who already had an interest in Litographs. He also promoted the page heavily on his personal social media sites – particularly Facebook. Instead of featuring a promotion on his website, he took the opportunity to offer a special price on posters – $15 instead of around $30 – available only on the Kickstarter page. This drove hundreds of customers, who were already Litographs fans, to “donate” to the campaign and get a poster for half the price. Kickstarter noticed the page’s immediate success and featured it soon after. According to Danny, about 50% of the money raised came from people who found his page through Kickstarter.
The theater’s campaign succeeded and exceeded its goal, but Larry says, “It’s hard work – it doesn’t just sort of happen.” Plan for many hours of marketing power in order to get your project off the ground, and don’t expect donors to just find you. The Brattle already had many fans, and it still had to invest a lot of time, effort, and incentives into spreading the word about its campaign.
According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.
What's the truth about the origin of the term "American Indian"? Schoolchildren have long been taught that Columbus thought he had reached the Indies, and therefore called the inhabitants "Indians." But lately I've been hearing the story that: (a) The Indies weren't even called the Indies at the time, but Hindustan; (b) Columbus didn't call the locals "Indians" but referred to them as "una geste in Dios", meaning "a people in God"; (c) somehow this caused people in Spain to start using the term "Indians"; and (d) Europeans then started using the geographical term "Indies" through back-formation. This explanation sounds like wishful thinking to me, with (c) and (d) particularly hard to swallow. Yet I've seen this stated as fact on some Indian Web sites, and it's doubtless being taught as fact in some schoolrooms. Is it possible to find the truth in this matter?
Third, let’s look at what Columbus actually said. The admiral wrote a letter, in Spanish, detailing his discoveries while off the Azores during his homeward voyage. He forwarded this to the royal court, then at Barcelona, shortly after his storm-driven arrival in Lisbon on March 4, 1493. The original manuscript has not survived, but a printed copy made shortly after its receipt has. In the first paragraph Columbus says "In 33 days I passed from the Canary Islands to the Indies" (en 33 días pasé de las islas de Canaria a las Indias). His first reference to the inhabitants comes in the second paragraph: "To the first [island] which I found I gave the name San Salvador . . . the Indians call it Guanahaní" (A la primera que yo hallé puse nombre San Salvador . . . los Indios la llaman Guanahaní). In all he makes six references to India or the Indies, and four to Indios. Nowhere in the letter does he use a phrase resembling una gente in Dios. He says little of the spiritual beliefs of the people–at one point he states, "These people practice no kind of idolatry; on the contrary they firmly believe that all strength and power, and in fact all good things are in heaven, and that I had come down from thence with these ships and sailors;" at another he says "they are very ready and favorably inclined" to be converted to Christianity–but that’s about it.
"We checked the address, and what do you know, a Nakamura family really lived there. So we told them we’ve found Yosuke," Uemura said. The Nakamura family told police they had been teaching the bird its name and address for about two years.
In Mirantis OpenStack 5.1, we reduced the time required to install Fuel on master node into the Docker containers. On a virtualized deployment on an SSD in 5.0, the Fuel master node took about 18 minutes to load images and 9 minutes to start the containers. In 5.1, we reduced image load time to 9 minutes, with 8 minutes to start the containers. When deploying on physical hardware, image load time decreased by 20% in 5.1. Many users recommended using tmpfs on Fuel Master to decrease installation times, but we found that it was unreliable in low memory environments, which slowed the process even further. We were working with 3GB of uncompressed container data, which is just too large to use with tmpfs. Improvements are planned for future releases.
The new superdrug, on the other hand, specifically targets those stowaways. The antibody part of the drug tightly binds to acids on staph’s surface. When the bacteria get sucked into an immune cell, the antibody-antibiotic combo drug sticks with it. Once inside, cellular enzymes blast the drug apart, freeing and activating the antibiotic. In this case, the researchers found that a derivative of the common antibiotic rifampicin, called rifalogue, worked best. Bacteria that survive the cells’ digestion attempt ultimately succumb to the newly free rifalogue.
No. 3: Read the fine print. To scare you about glyphosate, an herbicide that is used in tandem with some genetically engineered crops, Robinson displays a headline from Nature: “Widely used herbicide linked to cancer.” She puts the headline in a graphic, so you can’t click through to read the article. If you look up the article, you’ll find caveats: The risk is unquantified, and according to an expert quoted in the story, “the evidence cited here appears a bit thin.” The article also debunks a claim from Monsanto, which has implied, misleadingly, that glyphosate has been put in the same possible-carcinogen category as coffee and cellphones. Don’t trust the corporate spin. Don’t trust the anti-corporate spin, either.
No. 7: Compare the options. When you’re told something is bad, apply the same standard in judging the alternatives. Glyphosate is a good example. GMO critics say it’s hazardous, but they’re strangely quiet about the herbicides it has replaced. Robinson says the USDA report I cited—which said the adoption of herbicide-tolerant crops “has enabled farmers to substitute glyphosate for more toxic and persistent herbicides”—doesn’t mean glyphosate is “relatively benign.” But that’s exactly what it means. If you look up which pesticides have declined in use as glyphosate has increased, you find many that are far more hazardous. And if you study the World Health Organization’s pesticide safety ratings, you’ll see that glyphosate is in the second-least-hazardous category. Most of the herbicides it has replaced are worse.
No. 12: Check your behavior against your values. When you find yourself rooting for the failure of nutritionally enhanced crops, arguing that it’s OK to try to block these crops as long as you don’t succeed, or dismissing vitamin A deficiency in 15 percent of Filipino toddlers and preschoolers as no big deal, it’s time to ask yourself how you got to this point.
Mt. Olga is a great day hike for folks visiting Wilmington, which by the way, is one of my favorite Vermont towns. It’s a 1.8 mile loop to the top of the mountain. Older kids will appreciate that they are actually climbing a mountain, but it’s not so hard that it’s frustrating. Still, it is all up hill, so prepare yourself and your kids with an incentive for reaching the summit. We usually opt for cookies and ice tea. When my kids were little, we would read a chapter of their favorite book at the top. If you explore the summit a bit, you’ll find ruins of the defunct Hogback Ski Resort up here, which are fun to poke around.
Jamaica State Park is one of our favorite Vermont State Parks. It includes an awesome rail trail that hugs the West River, which is a gem for swimming. As you hike or bike this trail, you’ll find lots of secluded swimming holes. If you have little kids, I recommend sticking to the West River Rail Trail, which goes all the way to the Ball Mountain Dam. The hike to Hamilton Falls is probably the most challenging on this list. It’s 6 miles round-trip — 2 miles on the rail trail, and then a 1.1-mile climb to the base of the falls. We often shorten our trip by biking the rail trail and then locking our bikes up to a tree while we hike to the falls.
I have found writing angry haikus to be a great way to deal with these things. Sometimes I even doodle the events. I have collected quite a few of these angry haikus over the past year. I have decided I want to share them with you so I am publishing a book.
Script found within the site’s source code suggest its a new title from Eidos Interactive. That said, it’s possible this is Eidos Montreal’s new title, which our friends at Siliconera detailed back in May.
Those of us fascinated by dim red stars find these to be exhilarating days indeed. The buzz over Proxima b continues, as well it should, given the fact that this provocative planet orbits the nearest star. We also have detections like the three small planets around TRAPPIST-1, another red dwarf that is just under 40 light years out in the constellation Aquarius. These are small stars indeed, just 8 percent the mass of the Sun in the case of the latter, while Proxima Centauri is about 10 times less massive (and 500 times less luminous) than the Sun.
But just what might we find on planets like these? A new paper from Yann Alibert and Willy Benz (University of Bern) drills down into their composition. The researchers’ goal is to study planet formation, with a focus on planets orbiting within 0.1 AU, a range that includes the habitable zone for such stars. While a forthcoming paper will look at the formation process of these planets in greater detail, the present work studies planetary mass, radius, period and water content.
“Our models succeed in reproducing planets that are similar in terms of mass and period to the ones observed recently. Interestingly, we find that planets in close-in orbits around these type of stars are of small sizes. Typically, they range between 0.5 and 1.5 Earth radii with a peak at about 1.0 Earth radius. Future discoveries will tell if we are correct!”
The most striking aspect of this work is likely to be Alibert and Benz’ findings on the water content of small planets in the habitable zone. The amount of water is found to depend upon the location at which the planet has accreted planetesimals, their composition being dictated by the thermal structure of the disk and the location of the snowline, which varies depending on disk mass. Note this: A significant fraction of the planets modeled show more than 10 percent water. Contrast this with the Earth, whose fraction of water is roughly 0.02%.
Journalists arriving on this beat find it takes a few years of source-building and practice just to get to know the enormous military, much less earn the kind of trust that leads senior leaders to talk to the public through your pen or camera when the news really hits.
Trump, with one backhanded comment, endangered both the journalists and military leaders trying to build trust with one another. The next time a reporter hops on the back of a V-22 Osprey to a downrange base, what will the Marines on that flight be thinking? The next time a Special Forces soldier ends up in a firefight with a reporter in tow, what will that reporter be thinking? The next time an Abu Ghraib or My Lai incident occurs, will either side find the courage to trust each other to tell the uncomfortable truths that must be told?
Webmaster level: Intermediate to AdvancedUser testing has taught us that searchers much prefer the view-all, single-page version of content over a component page containing only a portion of the same information with arbitrary page breaks (which cause the user to click “next” and load another URL).Therefore, to improve the user experience, when we detect that a content series (e.g. page-1.html, page-2.html, etc.) also contains a single-page version (e.g. page-all.html), we’re now making a larger effort to return the single-page version in search results. If your site has a view-all option, there’s nothing you need to do; we’ll work to do it on your behalf. Also, indexing properties, like links, will be consolidated from the component pages in the series to the view-all page.Interestingly, the cases when users didn’t prefer the view-all page were correlated with high latency (e.g., when the view-all page took a while to load, say, because it contained many images). This makes sense because we know users are less satisfied with slow results . So while a view-all page is commonly desired, as a webmaster it’s important to balance this preference with the page’s load time and overall user experience.In the diagram, page-2.html of a series may specify the canonical target as page-all.html because page-all.html is a superset of page-2.html's content. When a user searches for a query term and page-all.html is selected in search results, even if the query most related to page-2.html, we know the user will still see page-2.html’s relevant information within page-all.html.On the other hand, page-2.html shouldn’t designate page-1.html as the canonical because page-2.html’s content isn’t included on page-1.html. It’s possible that a user’s search query is relevant to content on page-2.html, but if page-2.html’s canonical is set to page-1.html, the user could then select page-1.html in search results and find herself in a position where she has to further navigate to a different page to arrive at the desired information. That’s a poor experience for the user, a suboptimal result from us, and it could also bring poorly targeted traffic to your site.However, if you strongly desire your view-all page not to appear in search results: 1) make sure the component pages in the series don’t include rel=”canonical” to the view-all page, and 2) mark the view-all page as “noindex” using any of the standard methods.It’s not uncommon for webmasters to incorrectly use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the first page of their series (e.g. page-2.html with rel=”canonical” to page-1.html). We recommend against this implementation because the component pages don’t actually contain duplicate content. Using rel=”next” and rel=”prev” is far more appropriate.Because users generally prefer the view-all option in search results, we’re making more of an effort to properly detect and serve this version to searchers. If you have a series of content, there’s nothing more you need to do. If you’d like to hint more to Google how best to serve users your information:As always, feel free to ask in our Webmaster Help Forum
It actually says that incoming solar energy is ‘reflected’ by the planet’s surface ‘in the form of a calmer, more slow-moving type of energy called infrared radiation. … Infrared radiation is carried slowly aloft by air currents, and its eventual escape into space is delayed by greenhouse gases’ (emphasis added). Given your recent excellent explanation of the real physics on RC, I thought you might be interested! It’s downright disturbing that this silliness comes from such an important source; and I’ve found it repeated all over the place. (On that RC post, I would humbly suggest that the section on stratospheric cooling could helpfully be expanded to make that clearer?)
“Of our 47 cases, 25 cases have occurred within the city water supply distribution system. No common links have been found between the cases. The majority of our cases are home bound immune-comprised individuals who have not traveled and are not readily mobile,” he wrote.
Henry wrote that “some of the people at the state agencies are simply criminals,” and “I do find it rather impressive how good they are at covering their tracks."
The bank passbook of Kadore Kushwaha, a 56-year-old Uttar Pradesh wheat farmer who failed to repay a four-year debt of more than Rs 41,000. The local administration, which has not sent an official to find out how he died, refuses to acknowledge that such suicides are a result of agricultural distress, blaming them on drinking and disease. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection
On March 27, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered district collectors and other government officials to track down farmers who had died and find out the causes of death.
"When we found out about it, we were under the impression it was only a one-time thing," Baker says of the complaint. He notes that the venue was never issued a citation for the performance. Live Nation, which manages Old National Centre, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
"Bottoms Up makes their home in Radio Radio and the Historic Melody Inn, while Creme de les Femmes can be found anywhere from Birdy's to the Casba's underground bar. Rocket Doll Revue are regulars at White Rabbit Cabaret and now The Sinking Ship; Pur Company can be found just about anywhere there's a party when they're not doing their regular gig at Room 929; Angel Burlesque is equally at home on Crackers' comedy stage or the eminently respectable Deluxe room at Old National Centre. And Hasenpfeffer is White Rabbit Cabaret's troupe-in-residence."
But to quote from a document from The First Amendment Center, "According to Provincetown Banner, Judge Gordon Piper found that the town could not prohibit the owners of the Crown & Anchor Inn, a privately owned hotel and 'entertainment center,' from staging live nude performances. The judge noted a footnote in the bylaw that attaches adult entertainment to the category of retail use and ruled that the inn did not fall under the town's definition of a retail establishment."
File sharing services are not as popular today as they were four years ago. It’s not that people are sharing any less. Rather, they just found easier ways to do it. Would you upload a funny video from a friend’s email to any of those services or would you search for it on Youtube and share only the link? Would you upload an MP3 file in order to share with whomever, or would you search for it online, grab the link and then share it? And finally, would you use a file-sharing app just to share a picture on Facebook when you can do it directly from your desktop to your Facebook profile? Of course, you wouldn’t!
I couldn’t find the exact amount that you can upload per file to Flyupload, but the service looks great. Flyupload allows you to store, access, share and backup your digital documents, photographs, and music easily with complete privacy online. Registered users get extra features like 2GB space of files, Multi-uploads with an upload progress bar. You can also upload large files via FTP or create folders and keep track of files and Images. Additionally, Flyupload lets you share files from your database, to your Twitter account with a side tool called: Flyontwit.
Sharing files, large or small, should be a simple act, in my opinion—not something that should require a major effort or thought process on your behalf or make you create a complicated profile/account to use it. The options I listed here will help you explore the diverse file-sharing opportunities currently available. Whether you need to send a file privately or publicly, small or big, temporary or permanent, the options are all in this list, you just need to find the best match for your needs.
The next time Holtz went back to the social media page, she found herself in the same situation Mae had. She could no longer speak to her congressman via Facebook.
If women could find an extra hour in each day, 42 percent would spend it by themselves, instead of with their partner, friends or family or on work.
The Family through the Creation, Fall, and Atonement Three foundational events in God’s plan combine to make marriage and family relationships possible for time and eternity. These events are the Creation, the Fall, and the Atonement. The scriptural account of the Creation culminates not just with the creation of man but with the establishment of marriage. A brief summary of Adam and Eve’s eternal marriage in Eden is found in Genesis 1:28, including the charge to “multiply, and replenish the earth.” President Joseph Fielding Smith (1876–1972) explained: “Marriage as established in the beginning was an eternal covenant. The first man and the first woman were not married until death should part them, for at that time death had not come into the world. The ceremony on that occasion was performed by the Eternal Father himself whose work endures forever.”6 Thus, the crowning event of the Creation was not just when Adam and Eve were created in the image of their heavenly parents7 but when they were sealed in eternal marriage like their heavenly parents. From the beginning, marriage between a man and a woman was ordained of God and established as the ultimate purpose of our creation. Although Adam and Eve enjoyed eternal marriage like our heavenly parents, they could not yet enjoy the full blessings of family life. As the prophet Lehi explained, they were originally created in a state where “they would have had no children” (2 Nephi 2:23). One reason they chose to partake of the forbidden fruit and fall to mortality was so that they would have children. “Adam fell that men might be,” Lehi explained (2 Nephi 2:25). Marriage and family relationships, made possible by the Creation and the Fall, are made eternal through the Atonement of Jesus Christ. As Sister Julie B. Beck, former Relief Society general president, taught: “The Atonement allows for the family to be sealed together eternally. It allows for families to have eternal growth and perfection. The plan of happiness, also called the plan of salvation, was a plan created for families.”8
The Family and Alternative Lifestyles It is true that not everyone has the opportunity to marry in this life, nor is every couple blessed with children in mortality. Latter-day prophets have assured us that those who are faithful will eventually be given these blessings, either in this life or the next.9 Nevertheless, just because not everyone achieves the ideal does not mean we should stop holding it up as the standard to seek. Eternal marriage and family relationships should be a desire and priority for every Latter-day Saint, regardless of circumstances. As has always been the case, Satan proposes alternatives to our Heavenly Father’s plan, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the family. In contrast to our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness through righteousness in marriage and family life, Satan proposes alternative lifestyles that are rooted in sinfulness and selfishness. He is cursed to never marry or have a family, and he entices us to live like him instead of like our Heavenly Father. He lies to us, telling us that marriage and family are an inconvenience and a bondage. He promises us that we will find greater joy and fulfillment in some other way or through some other arrangement. He tempts us not to marry and, if we do marry, to not have children. The deviations the adversary proposes include premarital sexual relations, pornography, abuse of spouse and children, elective abortion for personal or social convenience, marital infidelity, unjustified divorce, cohabitation, homosexual relations, and unwarranted sterilization.10 If he cannot convince us to do these things, he tempts us to support and encourage others to do them. But these alternative lifestyles will not bring the true happiness we seek in this life, nor will they bring the full blessings of salvation in the next. Out of loyalty to our Heavenly Father’s plan and out of love for mankind, we must discourage and oppose measures that are not designed to maintain and strengthen marriage between a man and a woman and “the family as the fundamental unit of society.”11
Real estate around the city is often taken illegally. Building, buying and selling houses often revolves around bribes. "In many ways, it's a city that lives beyond the law, but it's a city that lives and a city that has a vibrancy to it that's hard to find elsewhere," Inskeep says.
"There was a mass exodus of people who found themselves on the wrong side of the dividing lines," Inskeep says. "Hindus left Karachi by the hundreds of thousands, and even more Muslims came. You would think that would make it more stable. It actually became less stable over time."
It feels a bit as if the MDA has jumped the gun; there *is* no push for same-sex marriage in Singapore, mostly because everyone is still wondering how to shift the supposedly-not-enforced-but-somehow-still-important-to-keep Section 377A, which criminalises sex between men. On top of that, many in the LGBT community find themselves struggling against the fact that some Singaporeans don’t even recognise that discrimination exists.
Second, the bill is going to open the door to selective enforcement. Groups critical of the government or who support unpopular causes will find that their expenditures are more likely to be covered by the definition.
Importantly, it's not clear—and it needs to be clear—that anonymous political donations to independent issue advocacy groups are actually corrupting. During the last election cycle, there was significant outcry over so-called "dark" money: political expenditures by groups that do not publicly disclose their donors. But, when you look at the facts, dark money made up a relatively small percentage of all outside spending, and even groups that support expanded disclosure find that it had little concrete effect on the ground. In many tight Senate races, for instance, it was actually the incumbency advantage in direct fundraising by Democrats that made the difference. Before we vastly expand disclosure requirements for issue advocacy, we need a record of real harm, which we just don't have right now.
Chancellor George Osborne has suggested that annual welfare savings of £12bn need to be found to avoid further cuts to departmental budgets.
We found that out early on, when Versus announcer Ron Thulin screamed, “Touchdown USC!” on Bradford’s game-winning catch. In the five years that followed, every ounce of progress by the Stanford football program was met with a half-ton of skepticism. The Cardinal couldn’t retain its physical identity in 2010 after the loss of its workhorse, Heisman Trophy runner-up Toby Gerhart. It couldn’t find the character for another BCS push in 2011 after its fiery leader, head coach Jim Harbaugh, was replaced by the calm David Shaw. It couldn’t compete for the 2012 Pac-12 title after the graduation of the best player in school history, Andrew Luck.
Moments later, liberal CNN political commentator and Daily Beast editor John Avlon found it "sinister" that young DACA beneficiaries might be deported in the near future:
At first, it was tough to convince others that running and drinking beer — almost simultaneously — isn’t a bizarre thing to do. But once Tej Sandhu and Dan Grant found their voice on social media, membership in their “running crew” took off, they say, swelling in the last six months from 10 runners to 900.
Night Terrors Run Club (NRTC): When a MuchMusic employee couldn’t find a gym open late enough to burn off her post-shift energy one night, she decided to run through the city streets with a bunch of friends. Those shenanigans turned into a crew that runs to “cool places” such as festivals, murals, historical buildings, nature trails and “food spots you wouldn’t normally visit.”
Especially in these days of rising expenses and looking to find a way to keep the IT department from being a cost center, it’s tempting to look for ways to recoup costs. Unfortunately, take it too far, and the backlash can be quite dramatic.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
That's not where they're coming from. They want to recreate the circumstances that allow for bubbles, exploited predatory lending, abusive credit card practices. How anybody can say after those experiences that that's what make an economy good, strong, and that's an economy that will benefit most citizens, I find incredible!
There is lots more good stuff too. Worth a read! Amendment 4727 (PDF). Here’s where to find the vote tomorrow, live on C-Span2at 7 AM PST.
Someone did, in fact, catch on to the scheme when a man dressed in a suit and tie tried to vote as a dead man known to the poll watcher. The man left before police arrived and said the poll watcher would “soon find out” why he tried to vote under a fake name, the Boston Herald reported Tuesday night.
However, new research from the Universities of Bristol, Sheffield, Madrid and York, published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found this does not apply to all species, and that raptors in particular have not enjoyed this evolutionary flexibility.
Health officials said chikunguya was first found in East Africa, India, the Indian Ocean and western Pacific. It made its way to the Caribbean last December through travelers returning from affected areas.
I’d paid my bill in Starbucks one day, to suddenly find the fist of a Chinese man under my nose clutching his money. I’m not sure what he was expecting given that I was clearly waiting for my change, but what he got was grabbed by the arm and flung out of the door. He then came back looking very contrite and mumbling “di bu qi” (sorry in Chinese) at me.
The links lead to current listings for each item on eBay. You can also find the books at your comics shop.
The links lead to details about each title on Amazon. You can also find the books at your comics shop.
Remember how outraged we were that Sen. Feinstein had leaked classified information that the US was using bases inside of Pakistan to control our Predator strikes against al Qaeda targets? It looks like Google Earth outed the CIA base of operations first. The above can be found using Google Earth's 2006 maps.
Secret is out. Time to find a new base. Thanks Google.
City analyst Vina Ramos was able to find and successfully apply for $9,700 in funding from Metro to pay for the racks. Installation will be undertaken in an estimated 40 to 65 days by public works staff.
Mayor Bill Fisher applauded the project, which has involved the public works, planning and building safety, and recreation and parks departments. He said downtown businesses have likewise contacted him about the lack of racks, in particular one businessman who cycles to work but can’t find a place to lock his bike.
Nagaimo is a Japanese mountain yam, which is a cultivar of Dioscorea opposita. Unlike tubers from other yams, D. opposita tubers are generally non-toxic that can be eaten raw after neutralization of oxalate crystals on the tuber skins. D. opposita tubers are used in many Japanese cuisines. Some of the tubers were utilized in traditional Chinese medicine, revealing their therapeutic potentials [21] . Although hemagglutinating activity was found in some types of yam tubers, there were very few investigations on the yam lectins. Also, none of the studies involving D. opposita tubers focused on the lectin. In a preliminary experiment, we detected the presence of a lectin in nagaimo (D. opposita) tubers that have not been examined before. We have therefore isolated the lectin, and studied its properties as well as biological activities. The study may help to shed light on the role of lectin in yam used in traditional Chinese medicine. It may also provide insights for possible therapeutic uses of the isolated nagaimo lectin.
The N-terminal amino acid sequence of nagaimo lectin was NPFVFFVAINNP. The sequence did not resemble any of the lectins in D. batatas [32]. Structurally disparate straw mushroom (Volvariella volvacea) lectins have been reported from different research laboratories [40], [41]. Also, the sequence of nagaimo lectin did not show homology to the Dioscorea dioscorins found in the GenBank Database. Dioscorins are one of the major storage proteins in yams. With no resemblance in sequence, it seems that nagaimo lectin is another storage protein in D. opposita tubers other than dioscorins. The results from the Protein BLAST search in GenBank Database even showed that the N-terminal sequence of nagaimo lectin did not resemble the sequence of any plant lectins. The most homologous sequence from the database was an Omp121 family outer membrane protein from Flavobacterium psychrophilum, a gram-negative bacteria, with around 75% identity within the sequence (Table 2). However, it has a much larger size (1060 amino acids), and the sequence is located near the C-terminus (987th to 997th amino acids) instead. It is unlikely to be related to nagaimo lectin. Nagaimo lectin is probably a new plant lectin with a distinct N-terminal amino acid sequence.
Some [36], [49], [50] but not other [34]–[37], [48] lectins demonstrate antifungal activity. Nagaimo lectin is destitute of antifungal activity. In fact, antifungal and trypsin inhibitory activities which are found in the tubers of other species, are lacking in nagaimo tubers (data not shown).
The testimony from the youngsters who find themselves unwittingly ensnared at the sharp end of the immigration system tells a story more resonant of a totalitarian state than of contemporary Bedfordshire.
The healthcare of the children at Yarl's Wood was also found to be poor, in particular the need to ensure that youngsters are protected from disease when they are returned to their country of origin.
"Preventative healthcare arrangements prior to removal, for example immunisations and the provision of malaria prophylaxis, were found to be so inadequate as to endanger children's health."
The priest is accompanied by one of his co-workers, Kevin Cardin, who also was addicted to drugs, but found help, changed his life and now has a family.
However, he was unable to find a job. “Isolation and despair took hold of me,” he said.
This long interview with the original Phantasy Star development team (except Yuji Naka, sadly) was found in the 1993 “World of Phantasy Star” book. It’s filled with interesting anecdotes and trivia about the seminal RPG, and the by-now common theme of freedom in the early days of Japanese game development is also sounded.
—That reminds me of the story of the Advanced Daisenryaku sample rom, where you can find the hidden graphic of idol Chisato Moritaka dressed up in a military uniform.
Morimoto: “Gamer Miki-chan” refers to me. I got that nickname because I did a lot of the playtesting and bug checks. Sega’s publication “SPEC” featured a manga called “Hataraku Kaihatsu-san” (the hardworking developers), and there’s an interview with “Gamer Miki” there too. I got a lot of postcards from fans addressed to that name. As for Choko Oneesan, there used to be a Telephone Answer line Sega ran called “Joy Joy Telephone.” She was the “Oneesan” from that early period. She was really popular with the kids and would receive a lot of fan letters. You know, it makes me wonder, in Phantasy Star, why was I the only one to be found in such a strange place as the jail???
Morimoto: We often get requests from fans who never got to play the Master System Phantasy Star and want us to port it to the Megadrive. But the truth is, if you do a thorough search you can find toy stores where they’ve still got copies of the original game for sale. I’ve seen people write on message boards stuff like “I found a copy at XXX-store,” but when I went the next day myself to check, it was sold out. So it seems there’s still some left in some small, out-of-the-way places, but if you find one you had better snatch it up, or they’ll all soon be gone. However, as part of the promotional campaign for Phantasy Star IV, we’re giving out copies of the original Phantasy Star as a present. Make sure you enter!
Office buildings 1100 Peachtree (formerly owned and occupied by BellSouth) and 1180 Peachtree, home to major law firms, are prominent business addresses. The heart of Atlanta's arts scene is found just north on Peachtree where the Woodruff Arts Center, including the High Museum of Art, Atlanta Symphony, Alliance Theatre Company, and the Atlanta campus of the Savannah College of Art & Design are located.
Brendan Linton was found guilty of disorderly conduct by District Judge David Kovach, but the driver was found guilty of nothing, Jack Linton said.
Brendan Linton was found guilty of criminal mischief/damage property by District Judge Kovach in July, according to court documents.
Jack Linton said in an appeal to Butler County Court, Brendan Linton was found not guilty.
According to court documents, on Oct. 28 Brendan Linton was found not guilty by agreement of the parties of the charge of criminal mischief.
Looking at the labour data, Statistics Canada's survey found the national unemployment rate for July crept up to 6.9 per cent from 6.8 per cent the previous month.
The survey also found that paid employee positions fell by 28,400 last month, while self-employed work -- often considered more precarious -- declined by 2,700.
Phillips found that aluminum remaining in the system after Gardasil injections can cause an enhanced and extended immune response against infections and illnesses that occurred long ago.
Once the bar has been set, the identity top-20 batsmen by BI ratios (w.r.t. the 1-7 BI setting baselines) can be easily found out independent of the match context. Since the BI is a temporally dynamic index, comparing different batsmen across eras is also taken care of to some extent.
A Newsweek poll found that 60 percent of the country followed her trial. CNN provided live coverage to spellbound viewers, while NBC and ABC televised live reports every night. Gay Talese was there too, on assignment for The New Yorker and would later chronicle the experience in his book A Writer’s Life.
“She did once and will again seek her American dream when she is able, and if the publicity of her abuse can help one person find freedom, then all of this is not in vain,” the statement said.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
Paramedics alerted the fire service, and a crew spent an hour trying to free the trickster. Firefighters found him with the microwave still firmly stuck on his head, in the garage of a house in Fordhouses.
I can't say the sound was perfect when I first set the speakers up, I found the 40.2s rather finicky about placement: the distance from the wall behind them, from me and from each other. I spent weeks moving them to and fro, before I found the best spots in my room. I put tape marks on the floor to mark each position, before I settled on their final resting places.
Whether you’re creating a product, working on expanding your social life, or trying to find a better job, avoiding the thorns of distraction involves regularly asking yourself these questions:
I found a few such power users who provided their email address in their profile, and specifically said that they’re hungry for interesting links. I contacted each one directly. I made it clear that I don’t spend a lot of time on Digg, but that I do spend a lot of time writing content dealing with personal growth, and provided them with links to some of my best work.
"Fame is valued quite ridiculously. So then there's this idea that you're beholden in some way, and I resent that. And it comes across like I'm ungrateful or something but, actually, I just find it weird to talk to the general public as a whole. Like, you can relate to a person, you can relate to an individual, but addressing the world at large is something that just perplexes me."
9392 out of 9650 found this helpful
It is time to play both the short and the long game. Now is the time to speak out and educate all who will hear about the history of this nation and the benefits of traditional values, free markets, and capitalism, which, though not perfect, are better than all the alternatives. Those who love this nation and the ideals of our experiment in liberty must counter the gainsayers in academia and the media or they will soon find that America as “one nation under God” is no more.
On the evening of December 14, CCTV aired the censored movie, V for Vendetta for the first time. The move has triggered hot discussion among netizens and some found it unbelievable or said that the channel operators had fallen asleep [at the controls]. However, according to the TV circle, the production and management of CCTV's film channel are separate, the SARF is directly responsible for its administration.
Bridge bloggers were quick to pick up the news. Brendon Connelly also found the screening surprising:
But an investigation by The New York Times found that the SEC is regularly issuing a pass to these big banking companies that it's supposed to be regulating. While it may be finding fraud more often now, it's rarely issuing the penalties called for in those cases, the Times found.
"One of the punishments of misleading investors about your company, for example, one of the punishments is that you might not be able to issue certain kinds of stock in the future. You might not be able to run mutual funds in the future. You might be exposed to a lot of class-action lawsuits," Story said. "What this analysis in the Times found is that there are over 300 instances since 2003 where the SEC agreed to give the banks an exemption from some of these punishments that are normal."
Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)
This feat is amazing enough in itself, but if accounts of what transpired on that voyage are to be believed at all, then we must also embrace the fact that the Vikings encountered an entity that descended to the deck of their vessel. This mysterious being defeated the Vikings who attempted to kill him, and once befriending the Norsemen, led them to the North American continent. Once again in the unwritten pages of history is evidence in a milestone for humanity, we find the past is not as we were taught. The ubiquitous appearance of a UFO that intervenes in the affairs of man demonstrates that sometimes fact can even be stranger than fiction.
After my last company was acquired by Citrix, I had the opportunity to lead product and strategy for a significant product line while working remotely. That experience opened my eyes to the possibilities outside of a cubicle. I found that with a responsive team, we could accomplish so much more working remotely than if we were holed up in an office somewhere.
Once geography is no longer an issue, new team members can be found anywhere. That means you do not have to settle for a job based on proximity, and companies do not have to settle for an employee who lives close to the office. You are free to go for that dream job — even if the headquarters is a thousand miles away.
Do not assume that having your own cubicle is the same as having your own space. When you work remotely, you have total control over your workspace — no more gray walls inside or spending ten minutes to find a parking spot outside. Having a say over your work environment helps you achieve a sense of peace that empowers you to achieve top performance.
21st Century Brass Band, 5/5, PAR, 4:15p: This young, Treme-based group finds room in its repertoire for New Orleans jazz standards as well as modern R&B hits.
Alia Shawkat and James Williams with the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys Traditional Jass Band, 5/5, ECO, 4:25p: Alia Shawkat is best known for starring roles in TV shows like Arrested Development and Search Party, but she’s also an impressive jazz singer. Her collaborative EP with trad jazz outfit the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys finds her and James Williams knocking out a series of Ella & Louis-style duets. See feature in this issue.
Marc Broussard, 4/29, ACU, 12:30p: The Lafayette singer/guitarist grew up around vintage swamp-pop, but has since found his niche with a mix of soulful roots music and adult-contemporary pop. He’s opened tours for both the Dave Matthews Band and Maroon 5.
They now produce very limited edition high-quality KitKats, using couverture chocolate, that can only be found in his shops and eight of Japan's high-end department stores through KitKat "Chocolatory" concessions.
Maj. Troy Donn Wayman, 44, was found in his home in Nolanville, Texas, near Fort Hood. He was pronounced dead by Bell County Justice of the Peace Bill Cooke shortly after 10 p.m. Saturday, according to the statement from First Army Division West officials.
Gibney illustrates the acts of abuse through hazy images and shadowy figures. Flowing cassocks catch the light as a figure meant to be Murphy tiptoes through the boys’ dorm late at night to find a boy to molest while the others lay still in their beds pretending not to notice. At one stage, according to a victim’s recollections, Murphy relocated the confessional at St. John’s from the tiny cabinet to a closet. Gibney illustrates the point with a young boy kneeling in front of a character portraying the priest. But he is not asked to pray. Instead, he is to open the priest’s cassock and perform fellatio.
According to Iranian media, a majority of members of the Committee for Determining Instances of Criminal Content recommended the game be blocked after receiving a report from psychologists that claimed the game promotes violence, tribal war, and is extremely addictive, among other issues. The game was found to be especially harmful to Iranian youth. According to human rights organization Freedom House, the Committee for Determining Instances of Criminal Content “is empowered to identify sites that carry forbidden content and report such information” to internet service providers to block.
Technology news platform VentureBeat carried out a survey earlier this year and found that 64 percent of mobile gamers in Iran play Clash of Clans.
As for me, some people are saying I struggled the first five games or so and that’s true. But I hadn’t played an NHL game in almost 10 months so I was expecting to struggle a little bit at the beginning of the season. That comes with not playing for so long. The first couple of games weren’t easy for me and I had to find my way again. But lately I feel I’ve made some progress and I’m starting to find my confidence again. I’m excited to get back into the games.
A decade ago, I was zipping around the mountains of the Syrian coast pretending to look at castles. Castles big and small, some well preserved, others crumbling, once Crusader, then Assassin, at other times Arab. Castles that have changed many hands over the course of time, and some of which have found new strategic value in the current Syrian civil war. But what I was really doing was stealing a visit here and there to the Alawite shrines that dot the high ground across the mountain range. I was motivated by sheer curiosity. There was a five hundred year gap in the story of the Alawites, a secretive and schismatic Shia sect, who went on to capture absolute power in the 1970s. Five hundred years that somehow went missing from the historical record. The saints and holy men who led their communities during those five centuries are still venerated at those idyllic shrines, lit with candles, incense and prayers—where strangers to the sect, such as myself, are suspect and unwelcome. I just wanted to map out who was buried where and when, hoping to gain some insight into that historical gap. At one point, while driving through a pine forest up to the castle of Abu Qubeis, I spotted a bush laden with caper berries by the side of the road. An opportunity for pickling, I thought. I hadn’t noticed the old man across the sparsely-travelled road, sitting among the trees by a mountain stream. He was the proprietor of an outdoor coffee shop, blessed with gorgeous views and shade, albeit with no customers (at the time) and a few chairs strewn about. He beckoned me over, curious as to what this stranger was doing on that quiet afternoon. A conversation that began with pickling techniques veered somewhat rapidly into how much that old man hated Sunnis.
The Islamic State published a book in January 2007 titled ‘Informing the People About the Birth of the State of Islam.’ They sought to preempt the debate about timing and method. Their polemical coup de grâce was to cite the state-building venture of Muhammad at Medina. Muhammed did not wait around for the conditions to turn optimal in Mecca. His calling compelled him to strike out boldly, against incredible odds. He left his native city and found refuge among the Medinan ‘youths’ who had pledged themselves to his prophecy. His was a precarious venture, at once tenuous, and due for a number of setbacks. Muhammad did not reign supreme as he began to wield authority and manage the day-to-day affairs of his flock. He had to contend with a mixed city that boasted, for example, confident, armed and well-positioned Jewish tribes, that were not about to part with their faith for his. He had to wage war against his Meccan detractors, or consequently suffer their counter-attacks. Yet even in the bleakest of times, the jihadists remind us, Muhammad foresaw that what he was setting out to build in Medina would subjugate the mighty and nearby empires of Byzantium and Persia. These visions did not strike the true believers around him as loony, even during the darkest of times, so why would the detractors of the Islamic State in the twenty first century counsel against going too big, too soon? The territory they believed to be controlling in 2006 in Iraq was magnitudes larger than Muhammed’s tiny toehold. Conditions then did not deter him, they why should they do so nowadays? In fact, they argued, there were many similarities between what he faced and what was happening in Iraq. If only the jihadists would follow his example, and enact his steps by going back to the basics, then the jihad would recapture the path back towards redemption and righting what went wrong.
The founding father of the particular strain of jihadism that gave us the Islamic State did not have to try very hard to stoke the fires of sectarianism in Iraq, for example. When the world watched Iraqis cheering on American soldiers pulling down Saddam’s statue off its pedestal in downtown Baghdad, Abu Musaab al-Zarqawi saw opportunity. He would frame his war as a fight against the Shias, who were now acting as the enablers of the Americans, a foreign non-Muslim army that had just occupied a gloried Sunni and caliphal capital, one that was specifically established to manage the sprawling Islamic empire. Zarqawi would employ sectarianism as the fast burning fuel necessary for mobilizing support for an even more ambitious enterprise, resurrecting the Islamic State. He was aided in doing so by a hate-speech campaign against the Shia that had primed his target audience to receive what he was about to advocate: the “total annihilation” of the Shia. Sectarian hate speech has been around for centuries, but it was mass propagated two decades prior to the Iraq War on the occasion of the Islamic Revolution in Iran, led by the Shia cleric Ayatollah Ruhullah Khomeini in 1979. Those threatened by Khomeini’s revolutionary appeal, such as Saddam Hussein or the Saudis, felt compelled at the time to inoculate their populations against faith-inspired revolution by suggesting that Shi’ism itself was a grand conspiracy against Islam. Lots of money was marshalled by Iran’s enemies to saturate the airwaves, fill out library shelves, and lend wide currency to Shia perfidy. The result was that in many parts of the Sunni Arab Middle East, one would find many nodding heads, in 2003, when reminded that Shi’ism was ‘invented’ by a devious Jew-turned-Muslim called Ibn Saba in the early days following Muhammad’s death. European anti-Semitism (once re-propagated during the heyday of Arab Nationalism in the 1950s and 1960s) fused with the Islamic historical record to brand the Shias as the ‘internal Jews’. In the late nineties, one could find a book—an Arabic language forgery based thematically on an earlier Russian forgery—with the curious title of ‘The Protocols of the Elders of Qum’, on display in Amman and Cairo, purporting to be the secret plans of the Shia to take-over the region, a plan hatched in the religious seminaries of the Iranian city of Qum.
Consequently, Zarqawi could turn to Islamic history and find a poster boy for Shia treachery that would neatly fit the scenes of 2003. Actually, he would riff off a data point that Saddam had highlighted in his first letter following his ouster: For, prior to the last time Baghdad was dramatically sacked by a great power, the Mongols, in 1258, the day-to-day affairs of the once mighty Sunni Abbasid empire had been left in the hands of a Shia, the Grand Vizier Ibn al-Alqami. That was quite progressive of the Abbasids to put a minority candidate in charge, but that is not what Saddam and Zarqawi would like remembered from that episode. Their case was that Ibn al-Alqami conspired to weaken the defenses of the empire and to hand over Baghdad on a silver platter to the heathen enemy, much like the Shia of Iraq were doing nowadays, whom Zarqawi termed “the grandchildren of Ibn al-Alqami.” It is a neat and succinct narrative that organically grows out of a pre-existing anti-Shia narrative. Zarqawi leveraged the drama of history to explain the present, and it enabled him to suggest a solution, a final solution. There can be no moving forwards towards resurrecting the Islamic State until the Shia are dealt with, once and for all. Cue: civil war.
In recent years, some Shias have developed an extremist credo of their own, one that also borrows from history to enact present policy, chiefly that of revenge and secession as statecraft. This credo is driving events towards conflagration across the region in tandem with the jihadist agenda. It is important to understand the cyclical nature of extremism today in the Middle East: one cannot focus solely on the challenge posed by the policies and propaganda of the jihadists of the Islamic State, for Sunni and Shia extremists feed into each other. It is a toxic loop, which perpetually rationalizes why they need to go to extremes. The Shias may blame Zarqawi for “starting it” but had it not been for Shia heavy handedness against the Sunnis in Iraq and Syria, then Zarqawi’s heirs may not have found an opportunity to stage a comeback.
Orientalism carries a stigma among left-leaning Western academies, where it is widely believed to have served Western imperialism. Orientalism is rejected by like-minded leftists in the Middle East for the same reasons. Columbia University’s Palestinian-American literary critic Edward Said, the late author of the supremely influential book Orientalism (1978)—which almost single handedly managed to turn its title word into an academic pejorative—boasts the distinction of being the sole intellectual luminary from around the world to have two portraits, not one, hanging on the walls of the Writers’ Café in old Basra, where crusty old Marxists gather for tea and conversation. Conservative and religiously-minded Muslims, on the other hand, believe that the field of Orientalism is part of a Western effort to undermine their faith. One can find 200 Arabic books on the internet available for full download that attack the Orientalists. Many are parked on websites amply funded by conservative Arab regimes. Yet even so, the scholarly methodology of applying critical analysis to the historical record is ‘agenda neutral’, and it is desperately needed in light of the extremist use of this record. Two hundred years’ worth of scholastic legacy is parked on bookshelves in Western libraries. Little of it is available online. Much less of it has been translated into the languages spoken in the Middle East. If the internet is supposed to be the great equalizer of content, then why is there such a disparity when it comes to a sober and systematic conversation about early Islam? Why is this the case at a time when many young Muslims are watching what extremism has wrought and asking themselves “is this really our religion”? The extremist affirmation that it is indeed “our history, refer to page X, paragraph Y in such and such book” goes unchallenged. Many of those young Muslims have not been trained to take on the task of revisiting the historical record themselves. There is no funding from the local powers-that-be for it. However, they need not start from scratch. Parts of the Orientalist methodology and its output can be made available for them, online and in their languages, and should. Whichever way the subsequent conversation goes is left to them. But a conversation needs to begin somewhere, and on solid scholastic ground. Should it be somewhat controversial may actually be helpful. That controversy could provide the drama that matches the theatrics of the extremists.
Brazile says that during her position upgrade to interim chair, that she had began to find out that the DNC was in “serious financial peril”.
<blockquote>”By September 7, the day I called Bernie, I had found my proof and it broke my heart. The Saturday morning after the convention in July, I called Gary Gensler, the chief financial officer of Hillary’s campaign. He wasted no words. He told me the Democratic Party was broke and $2 million in debt.”</blockquote>
I find this appalling to say the least, that Brazile is here lying suggesting the Democratic Party was somehow “broke”.
<blockquote>”When I got back from a vacation in Martha’s Vineyard, I at last found the document that described it all: the Joint Fund-Raising Agreement between the DNC, the Hillary Victory Fund, and Hillary for America.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I had tried to search out any other evidence of internal corruption that would show that the DNC was rigging the system to throw the primary to Hillary, but I could not find any in party affairs or among the staff. I had gone department by department, investigating individual conduct for evidence of skewed decisions, and I was happy to see that I had found none. Then I found this agreement.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”“Hello, senator. I’ve completed my review of the DNC and I did find the cancer,” I said. “But I will not kill the patient.” ”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I urged Bernie to work as hard as he could to bring his supporters into the fold with Hillary, and to campaign with all the heart and hope he could muster. He might find some of her positions too centrist, and her coziness with the financial elites distasteful, but he knew and I knew that the alternative was a person who would put the very future of the country in peril. I knew he heard me. I knew he agreed with me, but I never in my life had felt so tiny and powerless as I did making that call.”</blockquote>
And while the public's overall level of support for automatic registration has held steady and remained relatively high, a new HuffPost/YouGov poll finds that Republicans' willingness to entertain the idea has fallen significantly in the past three months.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here. More details on the poll's methodology are available here.
None found
Cabrera, of course, brings with him to free agency the baggage of having served a 50-game suspension after testing positive for synthetic testosterone back in 2012. While many were quick to point to his disappointing 2013 season — he hit just .279/.322/.360 — as evidence that he’d benefited substantially from PEDs, doctors eventually found a benign tumor on Cabrera’s spine that had to significantly impact his ability to produce.
When I unwrapped a mysterious package from Black Phoenix Alchemy Lab, I (along with TMS staffers Keisha, Charline, and Daniella) wasn’t expecting to find 10 small bottles with intricately illustrated labels and evocative titles like “Fuck You, Said The Raven.”
Charline’s favorite was “The Blood Must Flow,” which BPAL describes as “Three days on the tree, three days in the underworld, three days to find your way back: ash, oak, and elm; vetiver, dragon’s blood resin, and cypress; frankincense, copal, and chamomile.”
Although this "mystical impulse" can be found in each one of us, the effects of sin and concupiscence often direct our desires away from God throughout our natural lives. Alcoholism – the habitual, chronic, and compulsive use of alcohol – is one of the ways in which we see sin express itself in the world. While alcoholism has been described in many ways, one of the most illuminating descriptions of it can be found in the beginning of "Alcoholics Anonymous": the so-called "Big Book," from which the name of the fellowship of AA is derived.
We don't think much of the Thunder owners, but we really don't think much of Howard Schultz, who completely betrayed the community that helped make him billions, all because he didn't know anything about how to run an NBA team, and because he couldn't wait an extra couple of months to find a suitable buyer that obviously wouldn't move the team from Seattle.
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
The potential inclusion of three accelerometers and three gyroscopes would allow for head-positioning tracking, not unlike the technology found in the Oculus Rift.
I'd probably still be flipping burgers and selling weed out of an apartment in Montana rather than being like there's more to life, I don't want to just sit here and hang out with 20 year olds. I can be more. So getting a kick in the ass from my moms when I was in my early 20s and people saying, look, I found something in you, dude. You're good at this!
We're really thinking about doing another restaurant in the next year and a half, two years. We really want to do that. There's a whole other niche that Austin doesn't have — you go to a place like Mother's and it's vegetables, but it's all covered in cheese. Can we have a vegetarian restaurant in Austin that just lets the vegetable shine? Has anybody ever made cassoulet with vegetables? Has anybody ever done whole roasted turnips? Just make it somewhere around here if we can find the space, and do something like Foreign & Domestic Bio. Maybe there's one or two fish dishes, but that'd be the only animal product. Keeping it small and concise.
Furthermore, many A/B tests are merely parameter selection problems (an A/A’ test, where a feature stays the same, and only the underlying parameters change). Given a feature, we want to find the optimal configuration values for its parameters as quickly as possible.
MOE was designed to optimally solve problems like this, when we want to find an optimal set of parameters (inputs) of a function (a metric, like CTR) when sampling this function is time consuming or expensive (like running an A/B test experiment on live traffic). By leveraging MOE we can build a general experiments platform that automatically promotes good cohorts and pushes traffic away from under-performing cohorts, then replacing them with new, winning configurations.
We would like to run an experiment where we sample other values of parameter in an attempt to maximize CTR. We will need to run time consuming and expensive experiments every time we want to measure CTR, so we will use MOE to help us find the optimal value in as few samples as possible. We simulate the observed CTR of the system for 1 million users by sampling from a Bernoulli distribution with the given true CTR.
In a real world system we do not know exactly how the underlying parameter affects CTR, which is why we need to sample various values with real traffic to find the optima. For the purposes of this example, we will define the exact function of CTR with respect to the underlying parameter for simulation purposes, keeping it hidden from MOE. Note that the function need not be convex or even continuous.
Figure 5: The simulated CTR during for each round of sampled parameter values. Initially the system CTR is equal to the status quo CTR. MOE quickly finds better and better values of the underlying parameter, converging to the global optima in 3 short sets of samples.
All of the code used to generate this example can be found here.
Other examples of using MOE can be found here.
Rowling described the plot of The Silkworm as "probably the most complex plot I've ever written", saying she had the idea for it ahead of the idea for The Cuckoo's Calling, but had decided to keep it for the second novel in order to introduce her series character in the context of a less dense plot. The third novel, which she is a third of the way through, will be "quite different" - "You find out quite a bit more about what happens to people after they leave the military," she said, adding that she had had "a lot of information" on the subject from people who prefer to remain anonymous.
I guess, to be honest, I didn't really find out I was filming for the Real Street thing until the footage actually went to it. I was just out skating and filming like usual.
Buckminsterfullerene is the most common naturally occurring fullerene. It can be found in small quantities in soot.[5][6] The molecule has been detected in deep space.[7]
C 60 was discovered in 1985 by Robert Curl, Harold Kroto, and Richard Smalley. Using laser evaporation of graphite they found C n clusters (where n>20 and even) of which the most common were C 60 and C 70 . A solid rotating graphite disk was used as the surface from which carbon was vaporized using a laser beam creating hot plasma that was then passed through a stream of high-density helium gas.[17] The carbon species were subsequently cooled and ionized resulting in the formation of clusters. Clusters ranged in molecular masses, but Kroto and Smalley found predominance in a C 60 cluster that could be enhanced further by allowing the plasma react longer. They also discovered that the C 60 molecule formed a cage-like structure, a regular truncated icosahedron.[13][17]
C 60 can be hydrogenated,[41] suggesting that a modified buckminsterfullerene called organometallic buckyballs (OBBs) could become a vehicle for "high density, room temperature, ambient pressure storage of hydrogen". These OBBs are created by binding atoms of a transition metal (TM) to C 60 or C 48 B 12 and then binding many hydrogen atoms to this TM atom, dispersing them evenly throughout the inside of the organometallic buckyball. The study found that the theoretical amount of H 2 that can be retrieved from the OBB at ambient pressure approaches 9 wt %, a mass fraction that has been designated as optimal for hydrogen fuel by the U.S. Department of Energy.
“Switzerland is willing to contribute to a de-escalation on the Korean peninsula and is always willing to help find a solution, if this is the wish of the parties, such as hosting meetings between them,” she said in an emailed statement.
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, conducted March 7-11 among 1,503 adults, including 1,188 registered voters and 538 Republican and Republican-leaning voters, finds that Romney leads Rick Santorum, 33% to 24%, in the GOP nomination contest. A month ago, the two men were in a virtual tie (28% Romney, 30% Santorum).
The survey finds that the contentious Republican primary has taken a toll on the image of the leading GOP candidates. In the current survey, just 29% of Americans say they have a favorable view of Romney, while 51% say they have an unfavorable impression. In November, opinions about Romney were more closely divided (36% favorable vs. 42% unfavorable). Santorum’s image has grown much more negative in the past month alone: 27% say they have a favorable view of Santorum, while 44% view him unfavorably. In February, about as many said they had a favorable opinion as an unfavorable one (33% vs. 36%).
The survey also finds that, two years after the passage of comprehensive health care legislation, the public is evenly divided over the law. Overall, 47% approve of the law, while 45% disapprove. In January 2011, 41% approved and 48% disapproved.
The Fort Worth suburb's governing body voted 3-0 on Friday to let Browser stay, following backlash from their 2-1 decision in June to give the tabby 30 days to find a new home.
"While conducting an inventory accounting review during a Shipboard Explosive Safety Inspection, USS Pinckney (DDG 91) Sailors discovered ordnance was missing," Haggard said. "Immediately after determining the missing inventory could not be otherwise accounted for, the ship conducted two subsequent comprehensive ship-wide inventories and found no other discrepancies. The ship contacted the chain of command and NCIS to initiate an investigation."
Gordon acknowledges a “third industrial revolution” built around software and IT but argues that it is much less significant than the “second industrial revolution” of the mid-century because its impacts are largely confined to telecommunications and entertainment. He further argues that it may already be largely played out, and that in any event concerns of technology replacing jobs are not new; workers displaced by new technologies tend to find new jobs, often in sectors created by those new technologies.
While as already noted, I find Gordon persuasive in his claim that the slowdown in productivity growth is not a figment of mis-measurement, the fact that measured median incomes will be stagnant does not mean that most people will not see rising standards of living over time. Incomes rise as people get further into their careers. And quality improvements and new products are improving life in ways that do not show up in economic statistics, though possibly less so than in the past. So it would be a mistake to regard our children as condemned to economic stasis even before considering Gordon’s various ideas for accelerating growth.
So he uses belief and these holy gifts to conquer, but the other day he had to go back to the locker room to have his kneecap put back in place with tightened tape before coming out to finish the Chicago Bulls’ season. And there was a defiance in him after that, wondering aloud if one day doubters would correctly appreciate his game. There was ego in that because you will always find ego and greatness residing in the same neighborhood, but the don’t-you-dare-doubt-me was unusual given that it was obvious to any eye that Wade wasn’t himself in the Bulls series, unable to get to the free-throw line with his usual breakneck style. Part of that was the way the Bulls always defend him; part of that was the knee limiting him in a way that makes you wonder as the games, opponent and climb get harder.
Too much of sports coverage is absolutely extreme and extremely absolute. Less than a year ago, LeBron James was allegedly a fragile choker; now Alonzo Mourning says Scottie Pippen told him that James would have kicked Michael Jordan’s butt. Extremists can’t be found in the middle. So it can’t be that Wade is a still-great player who is also injured/diminished without the person wondering about his game and health being dismissed as something between a doubter and a hater. Regardless, Wade has tilted all the math in his favor because, in his words, “I didn’t ever want to be in that position again, where you always, always have to be 100 percent and even that might not be enough.”
The acclaimed author, who is publishing a long-awaited memoir of his decade in hiding from a murderous fatwa, finds himself threatened once more by fanatics over The Satanic Verses
The department has a small resource budget and it is likely to find remaining subsidies for green energy – such as the renewable heat incentive – coming under pressure or scrapped altogether.
Sentencing him, Judge Denys Barry told him he had engineered the situation he now finds himself in, by deliberately closing the door on any community-based sentence.
The general sense among the locals is that even if the judge gives the accused jail time, it won’t be more than three or four years, and that it is all worth the money they made in less than two years. The wealth of the alleged leader of this network is now estimated to be around $2 million. “Even the women in the village cherished the smuggling business, as they saved the money to prepare a richer dowry for their girls. And let’s be frank. Although money is sweet, these extremists find comfort among the Sunni population here. So when people cooperate with smugglers, they don’t consider them to be a threat to their own security or to the nation.”
Stay with me here because I need to tell you the whole story in order for this all to make sense. Some of you may know, some may not, but on February 26th, 2012 I was diagnosed with stage four throat cancer. The tumor had grown so quickly and aggressively that I had to go to the emergency room in order to be able to breath. Did I already know I had cancer? Yes I did, but I was uninsured and it’s hard to find care when the provider knows you are a charity case. I just didn’t bother.
At the same time, Brazil noticed a startling increase in the numbers of microcephaly cases. Then CDC and other experts found evidence of the virus in babies diagnosed with microcephaly.
Zika has now been found in 14 countries in the Americas, from Colombia to Mexico.
It’s not been found in Hawaii yet except carried by travelers like the mother and her child. But Hawaii suffers outbreaks of dengue and the same mosquitoes that carry dengue are found there, so the state is vulnerable.
"For people who are not into games, we want to provide a service where we can help you find something you’re interested in and help you learn how to play it so you can have an enjoyable evening," Iles said.
Canonical now has an opportunity to make a real impact with a product that is radically different from everything else. If you take all of these features together, the convergence, the fact that it's open source, the unique design, and the huge community behind Ubuntu, you will find that there is nothing like it in the entire industry.
Jay Busbee is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact him at jay.busbee@yahoo.com or find him on Twitter.
Similar to what you’d find in Google Drive, the awkwardly named TowTruck works with just a snippet of JavaScript code, and allows for real-time authoring, messaging and voice chatting via Web RTC.
Mozilla warns that TowTruck is “alpha-quality software,” and in our own tests, we found the service to be clunky, yet promising. It’s particularly interesting that collaborators can stay connected while navigating separate pages of the same site. That said, there was just enough lag to make the experience feel heavy.
‘American crusader soldier men and women join the U.S. army, wear the latest military gear, eat the best food in Iraq and Afghanistan, and play with their play stations while their enemies, the poor Muslim can’t find their daily bread or jacket to protect themselves from the harsh snowstorms over Afghanistan mountains, but at the end, the American soldiers go home and commit suicide but the poor man still with his dry bread and black tea lives with his poor wife in their humble muddy house but with happy hearts and souls,’ he wrote.
By 2011, she made her professional MMA debut, winning in 25 seconds with an arm bar. She would win five more the same way, which was part of the reason she found herself on White's radar. His company, Zuffa, bought the Strikeforce promotion that Rousey was fighting under, but the acquisition didn't necessarily mean a job for Rousey in the flagship promotion.
What they found was that there was enough competition at the bantamweight class (135 pounds). As White watched tape after tape of female fighters, he became convinced. He'd been wrong about women's MMA.
Our ICO starts on the 1st of November where 44% of the 631 million tokens will be on sale to the public, during the pre-sale 0.8% of all the tokens created were available for purchase. We set a goal of raising 200 Ethereum, and we were more than successful as we managed to raise over 500 in that period. The breakdown of the other token percentages can be found in the white paper here.
"He was a head coach in the Arena League and United Football League. A lot of people roll their eyes at that. But he was in charge of a budget, had to find and release players, make all kind of game day decisions.
The high point for Republic came in the 67th minute when Max Alvarez went on a nice run down the left flank, crossed the ball looking for Pridham but after a deflection found Barrera, whose shot went just a hair wide. It was the home team's best chance of the night and was a glimpse of what we would all like to see more of in the coming months.
Also seeing some love at HSX is “American Sniper,” which was excluded from basically every other award show. Upsets do happen with some regularity, and given the film’s recent box office success, it may be a dark horse in the race. But personally, I’m going with “Birdman.” I wouldn’t be shocked if the actors, writers and producers of the Academy find it in themselves to give the Oscar to a film about an actor-writer-producer putting on a play.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Other hurdles aren’t so readily overcome. Low-income teens are less likely to have parents who can help them find jobs or navigate the working world once they get them. Nancy Snyder, president of Commonwealth Corporation, a Massachusetts nonprofit that runs workforce development programs for low-income youth, said employers are often reluctant to hire young people without a recommendation.
“For low-income teens, this issue of how do you create someone who can help them connect to the labor market and vouch for them becomes really important,” Snyder said. “They’re probably much less likely to have the connections and network that you use to find a job.”
Commonwealth Corporation has tried to help close that gap, not just by placing teens in jobs but by running training programs on interviewing, resume writing, workplace behavior and other skills to help teens find and keep jobs.
(Click the present to find out what it is!)
Parents with a child who has learning difficulties or a disability find it hardest to enrol their child in a suitable school.
I felt real vertigo when I found myself on top of a tall building in some near-future city. Looking over the edge to the streets below made the blood rush to my head, and made me remind myself it wasn't real.
Despite his high energy level, and decent skating ability, Brook can sometimes find himself behind the eight ball in one-on-one situations. He is sometimes outmuscled in physical battles, and his recovery speed leaves a bit to be desired.
The latest teaser image sheds insight into what the model looks like inside. We see a wide color touch screen nearly identical to the one found in the S-Class, and Mercedes' Energizing Comfort technology with five modes including "joy" and "vitality."
Although dark, the first teaser suggests the CLS takes Mercedes' design language into a sharper, sportier direction. The front end wears angular headlights that are better proportioned than the ones on the outgoing car and a wide, GT-like grille. We'll have to be patient to find out what the rest of it looks like.
“We needed to find ways to get students to and from campus to keep students safe,” Rinaldi said.
The last edition of CartoonClack’s Batman Month is here. We left off with The Batman, which was not as popular as the DCAU Batman continuity but still lasted 4 seasons and over 50 episodes. The show did find it’s pacing in the later seasons when there was a definite lean towards lighthearted humor mixed with the action. I think it’s clear that DC’s animation department wanted to avoid copying Batman: The Animated Series because the Batman series that premiered in November of 2008 brought the goofy back to the Batman universe. Yes, we’ve come to Batman: The Brave and the Bold!
In Rabid, Bill Wasik and Monica Murphy actually name check World War Z in a chapter-length overview of the history of zombies and how they connect to rabies through their sister-monster: the vampire. Yes, zombies, part of our culture for less than a century, find their roots in the thousands of years old myths of vampires. There’s not just a casual relationship between the virus and the monster: zombies and their much older cousins, vampires, share a causal connection.
In Yemen, which the administration inexplicably continues to tout as a counterterrorism “success,” U.S. policy in in shambles. “If you’re looking for logic here, you’re not going to find much,” Stephen Seche, a former U.S. ambassador to Yemen, told the New York Times. In mid-June, the Washington Post reported that “[al]-Qaeda affiliates are significantly expanding their footholds” in both Yemen and Syria. And the Islamic State also continues to gain ground in both countries. Meanwhile, in Libya, it’s “utter chaos,” former U.N. advisor Dirk Vandewalle told the Times: The Islamic State and al Qaeda-linked groups are vying for power, and a recent U.S. drone strike against al Qaeda operative Mokhtar Belmokhtar “shows that we’re still relying on ad hoc measures.” In Iraq, Somalia, and Afghanistan, it’s the same story. The United States continues to rely heavily on airstrikes and targeted killings, while terrorist groups continue to cause mayhem and gain adherents.
Like Newson, I haven’t encountered many defenders of U.S. counterterrorism strikes. Last year, I co-chaired a Stimson Center commission on U.S. drone policy with retired Gen. John Abizaid. The commission, which included former senior military and intelligence officials from both Obama’s and George W. Bush’s administrations, concluded in June 2014 that “the Obama administration’s heavy reliance on targeted killings as a pillar of US counterterrorism strategy rests on questionable assumptions, and risks increasing instability and escalating conflicts. While tactical strikes may have helped keep the homeland free of major terrorist attacks, existing evidence indicates that both Sunni and Shia Islamic extremist groups have grown in scope, lethality and influence in the broader area of operations in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia.” In dozens of interviews and conversations with national security experts since June 2014, I have yet to find anyone who won’t admit, off the record, that U.S. counterterrorism policy is flailing badly.
It will be many years before current intelligence assessments are declassified, but so far, journalistic reports of leaked documents and comments by former officials suggest that there’s no shortage of internal evidence that U.S. counterterrorism policy is failing. According to the BBC, leaked CIA reports concluded that targeting killings of Taliban leaders were ineffective, for instance. Other internal documents reportedly acknowledge that U.S. officials are often uncertain whom they’re killing in the first place. But maybe senior officials find reasons to avoid reading such reports.
You lose your friends at a festival, you find yourself at a stage you didn't even know existed, and you realise the only way forward is to hide how insanely out-of-place you feel, by pretending you know and love every track ever released by whoever that band or DJ is on stage.
All strings in the binary are stored encrypted. The function to decrypt the strings can be found in the next figure.
When the second stage is installed on a machine, it will communicate its bot ID to the server which will then decide what happens next. Throughout our research, we found that once a particular system has been locked, it is not possible to lock it again. The server seems to keep host information and will not send the HTML code required to lock the computer if it has already been served once to the requesting bot. After analysis, it appears that the computer ID is generated through the registry key “HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Cryptography\MachineGuid” and simply changing this value enables the same computer to be locked at will, regardless of the bot’s IP address.
(Slightly) larger versions of pictures can be found HERE.
Note: in the previous chapter, Vaux hurried to get to the hospital before Hole could find the magic users inside to prevent Hole from wrecking the hospital.
Adam shows us some ways he found useful when working with GenStage. Great read!
The annual study, conducted by top dating website company “Match,” found that Trump supporters are 11 times more likely to to expect sex on the first dates, while Hillary supporters are more likely to lie about their total number of sex partners. Trump supporters are also more likely to film themselves having sex.
The study also found that if you wanted a second date with a Republican, taking them to a fancy restaurant would make you 122 percent more likely to get that second date. Oddly, ordering sushi will make you 124 percent more likely to get a second date with a Democrat.
Writing in Nature Geoscience on Sunday, a group of UK, US and Australian scientists found that global CO2 emissions from burning fossil fuel in 2009 were 1.3 percent below the record 2008 figures. However, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) on Wednesday underlined that the overall amount of “radiative forcing” from greenhouse gases – a measure of the warming energy that they contribute – actually rose by 1 percent in 2009. The WMO notes that reduced growth rates for concentrations of greenhouses gases like CO2 and nitrous oxide last year were accompanied by more rapid growth for methane.
The good news, however, is that the team finds CO2 emissions resulting from forests disappearing over the last decade have decreased by over 25 percent compared to the 1990s. This is thanks largely to reduced deforestation in tropical areas. “For the first time, forest expansion in temperate latitudes has overcompensated deforestation emissions and caused a small net sink of CO2 outside the tropics”, says Friedlingstein’s co-author Corinne Le Quéré, from the University of East Anglia and the British Antarctic Survey. “We could be seeing the first signs of net CO2 sequestration in the forest sector outside the tropics”, she adds.
Updated: find the full review in my roundup of 15 Korean oil cleansers.
During the last mayoral race, The Lens also discovered mayoral candidate Michael Bagneris also had unpaid taxes. The Lens said it hasn't found any court filings indicating Bagneris still owes those taxes.
Pen is mightier than the sword? Forget it. These words written in 1839 by novelist and playwright Edward Bulwer-Lytton in historical play Cardinal Richelieu may have found a new meaning in the digital age of 2017. What about a font is mightier than sword? Ask Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and his daughter Maryam and they will answer in the affirmative.
Pakistan is staring at the fall of Nawaz Sharif government due to a popular font – Calibri. It has been found that Maryam misled the Pakistan Supreme Court with fake documents in the ongoing Panamagate corruption case against her family. Maryam sent to the SC-appointed Joint Investigative Team (JIT) documents dated before January 31, 2007 and typed in Calibri font. But Calibri was not commercially available before 31st January 2007.
Police say they responded to reports of an assault outside a hotel at Kingscliff around 9:15 on Sunday night and found a 50-year-old man lying unconscious on the ground.
A little bit about Moab: Everyone has a second home and Moab happens to be ours. From jeeping to rock climbing to canyoneering and endless other activities, we've found our adult playground. Corona Arch is our swing set and just like our paddles, we've improved the design over the years so that its a flawless experience and not to mention very safe. We made a video a few years ago that shows what we like to do. (click the link) This is what some of our donors can have a chance of doing.
The report can be found here.
The Department of Justice has found the Albuquerque Police Department has established a pattern and practice in the use of excessive and fatal force that violates the Constitutional rights of those shot or harmed by police officers.
The Department of Justice reviewed 20 fatal shootings by Albuquerque Police between 2009 and 2013 and found that in the majority of cases the level of force used was not justified because the person killed by police did not present a threat to police officers or the public. The DOJ also reviewed the use of nonlethal force involving significant harm or injury to people by APD officers and found a similar pattern of excessive force by officers against people who posed no threat and was not justified by the circumstances.Acting Assistant Attorney General Jocelyn Samuels said in an interview the findings were “pretty disturbing” and that public trust of the department has been eroded.
–A significant amount of force cases reviewed were found to involve persons with mental illness and in crisis. The department’s policies, training and supervision were found insufficient to ensure officers properly responded to people they encountered with mental illness or in distress.
“We have used these remedies in other cities and found they work,” Samuel said. “We hope they are willing to work with us.”
“We have found monitors are critical to make sure the changes are successful,” Samuels said.
DOJ wants the department to re-emphasize community policing after it found that department’s leadership had not made it a priority resulting in a department culture that is hostile to forming partnerships with community groups.
Federal investigators found that the department’s training is too heavily focused on weaponry and scenarios where officers use force and that officers do not get enough training in how to de-escalate situations.
The DOJ letter calls for an overhaul of the Police Oversight Commission, where investigators found the current and past review officers to be more closely aligned with the department than the community.
When police arrived that day at a home at the mouth of the Klamath River, they found Wyatt naked and covered in blood. He told the officers, "I killed him," and said he had cut out Powell's heart and tongue, according to court documents. The officers found Powell's body on the couch of the Requa home. His chest was cut open, and his heart, tongue and the skin of his face were gone, court records said. His heart was found charred in a wood-burning stove. An autopsy determined the organs had been removed while Powell was still alive, the documents said.
"Oh no, he will," Bellwether cackled through her crooked teeth as she fired the gun. The pellet flew through the air and hit Nit at the back of his neck, right below the ear. He stumbled, and fell to his knees, panic taking over him as he looked frantically around the pit they found themselves in.
Entering one of the buildings we stopped in our tracks when we heard what we first thought was machinery running. Having decided to carry on towards the source of the noise we were surprised to find it was water gushing from a stream outside and through the building.
The U.S. Court of Claims issued a strongly worded opinion that the federal government must pay Moda $214 million it had earlier reneged on. "The Court finds that the Government made a promise in the risk corridors program that it has yet to fulfill," wrote Judge Thomas Wheeler . "Today, the Court directs the Government to fulfill that promise. After all, to say to [Moda], 'The joke is on you. You shouldn't have trusted us,' is hardly worthy of our great government."
Amanda B Johnson started down the rabbit-hole of libertarianism and voluntaryism in 2011. At the time she was struggling to find work and became really interested in what caused the economy to become so crappy. She heard about a guy named Ron Paul who was running for President and was shocked when he sounded like he was speaking the truth.
With her new found enthusiasm, Amanda started creating liberty related, Ron Paul videos on Youtube and quickly gathered following. She became fascinated with money and economics and the role they play in pursuit of personal freedom and wanted to share her new found perspective with the world.
By mid-2016, she decided to specialize in one network in particular -- Dash -- which she finds to be the most technically and economically superior thus poised to gain strength, market-cap and influence. She named the new show Dash: Detailed.
This brings us back to United's full-backs. They are essential for two reasons -- first, as mentioned above, they allow their team's most creative players to move infield, and secondly, they stretch the play against teams who try to congest the midfield. And this is where Valencia can and should do more. Since the 2012-13 season, when United last won the title, he has scored only four times in 118 matches. Given his speed and strength, and the fact he takes up very advanced positions for his club, this is an area where he could do better. He could also improve his final ball -- he was once a winger whose delivery was among the very best in the division, perhaps even Europe, but on several occasions in the last few seasons his crosses have found themselves deflected away by the first man.
Assumptions are wonderful: these quick conclusions are what makes you a real expert, but sometimes they are just plain wrong. How many times did you spend hours and hours staring at lines of code and saying: "This should work!" Blinded by your assumptions, unable to see the obvious flaw right under your nose. When you finally found the error, you decide to quit your job, because of how stupid you were not seeing your mistake right away.
Jones has played strong female characters before, but Amelia left quite the impression. “What struck me initially about the character, aside from her tenacious commitment and cunning approach to furthering the cause, was that she has the ability to find the balance of living her truth while using societal expectations to her advantage without compromising her moral code,” she noted.
New results for the stars in Messier 4 have been surprising. The stars in globular clusters are old and hence not expected to be rich in the heavier chemical elements [1]. This is what is found, but one of the stars in a recent survey was also found to have much more of the rare light element lithium than expected. The source of this lithium is mysterious. Normally this element is gradually destroyed over the billions of years of a star's life, but this one star amongst thousands seems to have the secret of eternal youth. It has either somehow managed to retain its original lithium, or it has found a way to enrich itself with freshly made lithium.
[1] Most of the chemical elements heavier than helium are created in stars and dispersed into the interstellar medium at the end of their lives. This enriched material then forms the building blocks of future stellar generations. As a result very old stars, such as those in globular star clusters, which formed before significant enrichment had occurred, are found to have lower abundances of the heavier elements when compared to stars, such as the Sun, that formed later.
In a situation where per capita agricultural income has not been increasing and the stimulus from net exports has been waning, the need of the hour was an increase in the stimulus from government expenditure. But we find instead that government expenditure as a proportion of GDP has been declining over this period. The government in other words has been more keen to keep finance capital happy by restraining expenditure, than to sustain output and employment growth in the economy. And while this fact may not be manifest in the GDP estimates (because of the flawed methodology adopted of late for estimating GDP), it is certainly manifest in the employment figures. The number of new jobs created in the organized sector of the economy, which used to be about eight to nine lakh per year in 2010 and 2011 and which was nonetheless lower than the number of new persons seeking work, has now fallen to less than two lakh per year, which expresses the seriousness of the crisis.
OK, I have just spent a few more moments stuttering again, struggling for what else to say. I find that I have nothing. I never want to think about this motherfucking child abusing asshole again for as long as I live.
Soon afterward, Major General Winfield Scott, who had a reputation as a skilled player, stayed in New Orleans for five days while he was en route to the Mexican War. He asked an acquaintance at the chess club on Royal Street to find him a worthy opponent, and at eight o’clock that evening Scott found himself sitting across from Morphy, who wore a lace shirt and velvet knickerbockers. Scott, believing he was the victim of a prank, arose in protest, but his friends assured him that Morphy was no joke. He checkmated Scott in ten moves.
The man was found with information on tour buses carrying Israeli passengers, a list of Cypriot tourist spots favored by Israel tourists and details of Israeli airlines that fly into Cyprus, Greek newspaper Phileleftheros reported.
Israel previously warned Bulgaria of the threat posed by Iran proxy Hezbollah around the second largest resort on the country's Black Sea coast after a suspicious package was found on a bus that was to carry Israeli tourists from Turkey to Bulgaria in January.
Andy Nock was searching a field near Diss when he happened upon a spearhead and part of a sword which have both been confirmed by a local finds liaison officer to be around 2,500 years old.
The 54-year-old said since he started the hobby in 1998 he has found Roman coins and pistol balls dating back a couple of hundred years but nothing on this scale.
“There are lots of interesting things out there like buttons and pistol balls,” he said. “Most of the time you find rubbish or you can find coins, which are quite common.
“You can be surprised by what you find in a field. It is interesting and it is a good way to get out and about.”
For example, the SOD might receive a tip from a wiretap or NSA intercept directing them to track down a specific vehicle that might be involved in a drug crime. They would then pass that tip along to the FBI or a local police department. But because they wouldn't want the police to reveal where they got the tip from, the officers would have to find some other excuse to stop the vehicle and begin their own independent investigation. Police would then go forward as if the traffic stop was their first clue, not the SOD tip.
The situation is compared to laundering money in order to obscure its source. But that could also mean entire cases being built on faulty or illegally obtained evidence. Even if it isn't, the secrecy involved could compromise the judicial proceedings. When and if the suspect goes to trial they might never discover the original evidence that led to their arrest, possibly creating a constitutional violation of the right to a fair trial. If the defense does find out about the "parallel construction," the whole case could be thrown out due to improper gathering of evidence.
Pursued by cops, Jenny stumbles into a Haight street coffee shop and is saved from The Man by one Stoney, played by Jack Nicholson in a role written for himself. Jenny finds herself drawn into the pot, bead and incense mindscape of Stoney and his band, Mumblin’ Jim (who I like to imagine had a single song that made it to number 27 on the charts: “One Big Plastic Hassle”). She’s been following the clues left behind by her brother, known only as “The Seeker” by the local heads and rednecks. The other band mates, played by AIP stalwart Adam Roarke and THE MACK star Max Julian, are joined by future director Henry Jaglom as a poster artist with the most outrageous mutton chops I’ve ever seen. Rush stages their cafe conversation in a loose, casual fashion, and there’s more verite here than almost all the exploitive hippie films of the decade. They seem like actual drop-out artists basking in coffee shop lassitude. And since the filmmakers were indeed on the fringe of the industry, their self-absorbed exuberance is palatable. I also love Roarke’s rejoinder to a friend’s too obvious pot smoking in the cafe: “Man, you are totally uncool.”
Of course, what’s probably most cool about PSYCH-OUT is Jack Nicholson, in a role very much like his famous outsiders. As this was his last film before EASY RIDER would make him a star, I find this a unique, terrific performance, his method style and libertine philosophy percolating under the dewy guise of a counter-culture musician. Nicholson nails all of his dialogue, managing to rise above the exploitation elements of the film. What’s particularly interesting is that Stoney is not an idealized peace and love archetype of the era. He’s tough, cynical and pragmatic; when his band mate accuses him of seeing only dollar signs, Stoney flashes that famous Nicholson devil grin and says, “Oh, the old bad thing, the root of all evil, right?” His character wants fame and fortune, not to mention a stable of liberated partners. He’s honest about his desires, less concerned with the socio-political implications of the period. And he has a pony-tail.
Jenny finds herself disgusted by the stoned lethargy of the household and Stoney’s indifference. She finds little comfort with Dave, The Love Guru, who himself is painted as a hypocrite. The sexism of the day is still manifest, especially when Stoney shows up and gives her an ugly harangue, even though he’s the one who blew her off. Angered, she ends up taking the dangerous speed/acid drug, STP, offered by Dave, just as Stoney finds her brother Steve, played by Bruce Dern (in a wild, stringy mane wig). I like it when Dern is babbling about his fiery visions, and Nicholson cuts him off with, “You’re a little high.” But Dern gets a good scene to himself as he tells Stoney exactly how Jenny became deaf.
Despite the cultural baggage, PSYCH-OUT is actually flat-out enjoyable, moreso than you might think. If you want to be limited in your thinking, you can watch the movie to laugh at the dirty hippies. Or you can find pleasure in a team of young artists working on a budget to create a work of period artfulness that would reflect their later work. There’s also a terrific score by Ronald Stein with memorable songs by The Strawberry Alarm Clock (who I got to sign my LP soundtrack at the Mods & Rockers Film fest) and The Seeds. Anybody interested in sixties cinema can find pleasure here. When I praised PSYCH-OUT to Jaglom, he said, “But it’s still an exploitation film.” I said, “But one more honest and adventurous than the others.” And I think it is. The movie also shows the roots of the discord and violence that would reflect the less loving year of 1968.
Oddly, when PSYCH-OUT was finally released with THE TRIP on DVD under MGM’s fantastic Midnite Movie series, almost 8 minutes of footage was shorn, possibly as it might have been a better print (in fact, I saw this shorter version at the late, great University Theater in Berkeley). The cuts are unfortunate, because they’re all interesting bits of business including a whole dressing room montage and an extended version of the lovely “Beads of Innocence” scene. The coveted DVD is out of print now, so hopefully MGM will find the longer version for re-release. But purists can track down the VHS from HBO Video for the uncut version.
Over the last few years, we've covered President Obama's war on whistleblowers , including the fact that he's used the Espionage Act against whistleblowers more than every other President combined, which is really quite incredible when you think about it. The NY Times has tried to dig around and figure out why the Obama administration is so harsh on whistleblowers and comes up with a few different sources. The first one, the Times reporter actually buries pretty far down in the story: Senator Dianne Feinstein from California:Of course, as we've pointed out a few times, Feinstein, ridiculously, seems much more concerned about leaks than the government abuses and lawbreaking that those leaks reveal. That's quite incredible when you think about it.The second source -- also underplayed by the article -- is officials in the intelligence community itself, who the President and his top advisors seem somewhat in awe of, and rarely seem willing to push back on what they have to say:Basically, the long term intelligence insiders were sick of leaks -- such as the revealing of their warrantless wiretapping -- meaning that they actually have to answer to the public for overreaching into everyone's private lives. Given the combination of those intelligence agencies and Feinstein (who has always parroted whatever the intelligence agencies have to say), President Obama put his first Director of National Intelligence on the job of "solving" this issue of whistleblowers. And Blair apparently took to it with fervor, believing that the best thing to do would be to "make some examples" bypeople:While he's not literally talking about hanging someone, just the idea that they set out, purposefully, to "make examples" out of whistleblowers, is what lead to these kinds of massive overreaches and the chilling effects found today. The administration may think that's a good thing, because it keeps their secrets secret -- but it's also what's allowed massive abuses within the government to flourish with no one willing to blow the whistle.The next culprit outlined (and mentioned above) is Attorney General Eric Holder, who teamed up with Blair to craft a program that was focused on going after anyone they could very aggressively:So, rather than get the whole story, understand what's going on, the DOJ has a three-week deadline before moving forward withinvestigations on whistleblowing.The final person to blame for all of this: the President himself. As noted above, he seems to accept everything the intelligence guys tell him without question. And that leads to absolutely moronic claims like the following:The Times reporter doesn't dig into this, but that meeting from March 2011 was first written about in Jane Mayer's amazing New Yorker article about the ridiculous prosecution against whistleblower Thomas Drake . That was a case where Drake legitimately blew the whistle on fraud and abuse within the NSA -- and it was only in searching for who was behind a different leak, that investigators found a completely pointless document on his home computer, including details of some meeting schedules. The document was, but prosecutors said that Drake should have known it was actually classified (even though the documentdeclassified months later).That was clearly an extreme case of going after a whistleblower for being a whistleblower -- and yet when confronted on this, the President strongly pushed back against it and seemed to buy completely into the bogus claims his intelligence people were telling him about Drake. From the Mayer piece:Of course, Brian was exactly right -- Thomas Drake was exactly the kind of whistleblower President Obama claims he wants more of: the kind who reveal government wrongdoing in the form of financial shenanigans. And yet, he never seemed to recognize or acknowledge that Drake never revealed anything that jeopardized national security. Given how the various intelligence bosses -- from Blair to Keith Alexander to James Clapper (and their various predecessors who are now making tons of money working for private defense contractors bilking billions from the government on these issues) -- seem to have decided that they need to "hang" a few leakers, President Obama's failure to recognize that they've been using his support for this to hang true whistleblowers, rather than anyone who's harmed national security, means he needs to take the blame for this massive failure within his own administration.Brian was completely correct in her statements. These actions -- and the latest Snowden revelations of a President who seems to cave to the intelligence agencies at every chance -- really do a massive amount of harm to his legacy. But, tragically, the President appears to have a huge blindspot on that, not realizing how damning his war on whistleblowers has become.
This is unprecedented: senators are moving ahead with a vote on a bill that would alter the health care of every American family and the condition of a sixth of our entire economy, without waiting to hear any official, independent estimates of the consequences. The irresponsibility is as blithe as it is breathtaking. Before becoming a senator, Cassidy spent twenty-five years working as a physician in hospitals devoted to the uninsured. I find it baffling that a person with his experience would not recognize the danger of this bill. But here we are.
That's the same reason why Marty Wolff, who competed on season three of NBC's "The Biggest Loser," started the health club Square One in Omaha, Nebraska. "My whole life, I have always wished there was a place for other big people," he said. "So I created one." He doesn't turn anyone away, though — not because he wants to be inclusive, but because he thinks some skinny people would rather work out with bigger people. "What we have found is that there are some [non-overweight] sub-populations who like to work out with ‘people of size,'" he explained. That's probably a sub-population all gym-goers should stay away from; they sound even more fucked up than the boot camp bachelorettes.
Literary evidence for the Viking exploration of North America can be found in the Vinland Sagas . These were two Icelandic sagas written in the 13 th century regarding the Norse exploration of North America undertaken about two centuries earlier. As for archaeological evidence, the Norse presence in North America is perhaps best seen in the Viking settlement of L’Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland, Canada. Regarding Norse artifacts, it has been claimed that of the two dozen or so objects found in North America, only one can be securely dated. This is the Maine Penny.
The Maine Penny was discovered on 18 of August 1957 by an amateur archaeologist by the name of Guy Mellgren. Mellgren found the coin at the Goddard prehistoric archaeological site, which contained the remains of an old Native American settlement, at Naskeag Point, Brooklin, Maine. It was only about 20 years later, however, that the significance of the coin was revealed. In 1974, the Maine Penny, along with 20,000 (or 30,000) other artifacts discovered at the Goddard archaeological site were donated to the Maine State Museum.
The lack of proper archaeological recording, however, has led some to question the provenance of the coin, believing that the Maine Penny is a hoax, perhaps deliberately planted at the site to create confusion. The experts, however, are adamant that the Maine Penny is authentic, citing the fact that this type of coin is extremely rare and valuable, and that Mellgren paid no special attention to it when he found the object. Considering the information available at present, it may perhaps never be known whether the Maine Penny found its way to the Goddard site through Viking explorers or Native American trade networks.
Last year, on March 24th, I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma (cancer). I had been working 40-50 hours a week at my local convenient store, trying to support my father and I at the time. I was only 19, and he didn't have much in the way of a job, so I couldn't afford time off or much of a break until I was forced to go to the ER earlier in March by a concerned coworker. The diagnosis came a few weeks later after a couple biopsies, but the signs were there -- I had lost 70 pounds over the prior months, was in a constant state of exhaustion, dizzy spells were frequent, and unrelenting pain in my chest put me on the edge 24/7. I went through a few surgeries, one being to have a port implanted so I could undergo chemotherapy for 6 months. I had to stop work immediately once I found out, and was left to the whims of my landlord, friends, and family who tried helping out however they could. (Just because you get sick, it unfortunately doesn't mean the bills stop coming..)
I'll get to the point. My cancer is back. I had a CT scan on Tuesday, and after being told it could take up to 72 hours to hear back my results, my doctor had called me 3 hours later to inform me that "the disease" had reoccurred. That there's already a full body scan setup next week to find out how far it's gotten this time. That I'll have to go through everything again a second time to figure this out.
So thank you, Overwatch team. Thank you for making such an amazing game. Thank you for making characters that I love to play and love to read about in the comics. Thank you for making event after event for all us players, and working tireless hours to create new content and facilitate old content. To keep in touch with your playerbase and constantly review feedback. To even go so far as change how the game works because of player feedback. That's one thing I'll always be grateful for, no matter how many decisions I may find a bit wacky. ;)
The organizers also cycled through several production teams, after firing some for saying the job was impossible and driving others to quit with slow payments and unfeasible tasks, multiple sources said. One team arrived at their Miami hotel only to find the credit card information provided by Fyre wasn’t working. The same happened when they arrived in the Bahamas.
If you come across any “treasure” or basically anything that is more valuable than Rs 10, you can be jailed if you do not report it to a revenue officer. As the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) explains it, the law was designed to “protect and preserve treasure found accidentally but had archaeological and historical value” and was “enacted to protect and preserve such treasures and their lawful disposal.”
*UPDATE: Since writing initially, I have found this interview from 5 Kanal, Petro Poroshenko’s news channel and one of Ukraine’s most watched. Here a representative of Self-Defence claims that they don’t want Piddubnyj because “he’s not from this region”, “he’s an outsider” and the “community doesn’t want him”, with Kyiv failing to listen to the demands. First-hand evidence, then, of these organisations declaring themselves the voice of the community, which is quite far from the truth. Presumably, too, these organisations and “activists” are angered by the fact that the new head of Odesa police is from… Ivano-Frankivsk region. Viktor Nemish is the local councillor who in local power structures is the voice of these organisations, and he claims that only two candidates are acceptable to these groups after conducting a folk version of “lustration”.
Want to chat about episode 4? Tune in at noon ET Monday, Oct. 2, to Outlander Live! on EW Radio. Hannah James (Geneva) will be our guest. You can find EW Radio on Sirius XM 105.
The President added that unrest in cities like Baltimore will not go away until solutions are found beyond law enforcement.
(CNN) — If peace of mind means strolling home past trees and flowers, a fat bank balance at your disposal, and with a secure job to head to the next day, then the best place to find it is Germany
Stuttgart's generous greenery "really [has] a noticeable effect on stress," says Stuttgart-based PR professional David Moos. "The ability to feel less enclosed can help you in not feeling stifled, and personally I find this reduces anxiety. The feeling of security in the city, both financial and in the sense of personal safety, is also a great comfort."
The Villisca axe murders occurred between the evening of June 9, 1912, and the early morning of June 10, 1912, in the town of Villisca in southwestern Iowa. The six members of the Moore family and two house guests were found bludgeoned in the Moore residence. All eight victims, including six children, had severe head wounds from an axe. A lengthy investigation yielded several suspects, one of whom was tried twice. The first trial ended in a hung jury and the second ended in an acquittal. The crime remains unsolved.
At 7 a.m. the next day, Mary Peckham, the Moores' neighbor, became concerned after she noticed that the Moore family had not come out to do their morning chores. Peckham knocked on the Moores' door. When nobody answered, she tried to open the door and discovered that it was locked. Peckham let the Moores' chickens out and called Ross Moore, Josiah Moore's brother. Like Peckham, Moore received no response when he knocked on the door and shouted. He unlocked the front door with his copy of the house key. While Peckham stood on the porch, Moore went into the parlor and opened the guest bedroom door, where he found Ina and Lena Stillinger's bodies on the bed. Moore immediately told Peckham to call Hank Horton, Villisca's primary peace officer, who arrived shortly thereafter. Horton's search of the house revealed that the entire Moore family and the two Stillinger girls had been bludgeoned to death. The murder weapon, an axe belonging to Josiah, was found in the guest room where the Stillinger sisters were found.
Investigators believed that all of the victims except for Lena Stillinger had been asleep when murdered. They thought that she was awake and tried to fight back, as she was found lying crosswise on the bed, and with a defensive wound on her arm. Lena's nightgown was pushed up to her waist and she was wearing no undergarments, leading to law enforcement speculation that the killer(s) sexually molested her or attempted to do so.
The murders in Colorado Springs were closely related in execution to those in the Moore house. Nine months before the Villisca murders, H.C. Wayne, his wife and child and Mrs. A.J. Burnham were found dead in Colorado Springs, murdered by axes. The Colorado Springs Police found it difficult to believe that the same person could perpetrate a similar crime in a city. As in the Villisca murders, bed sheets were used to cover the windows to prevent passersby from looking in. At the Moore house, the murderer hung aprons and skirts to cover the windows. As in the murders in Villisca, the murderer in Colorado Springs wiped the blood off his axe and covered the heads of the victims with bed clothes.[4]
According to Wilkerson's investigation, all of the murders were committed in precisely the same manner, indicating that the same man probably committed them. Wilkerson stated that he could prove that Mansfield was present in each of the differing crime scenes on the night of the murders. In each murder, the victims were hacked to death with an axe and the mirrors in the homes were covered. A burning lamp with the chimney off was left at the foot of the bed and a basin in which the murderer washed was found in the kitchen. In each case, the murderer avoided leaving fingerprints by wearing gloves, which Wilkerson believed was strong evidence that the man was Mansfield, who knew his fingerprints were on file at the federal military prison at Leavenworth.
Toronto's animal services agency is investigating after 30 ducks and one heron were found dead on the sandy shores of Woodbine Beach Sunday morning.
Parks Toronto initially told CBC Toronto approximately 50 ducks were found dead, but later said there were in fact 30.
"It's hard to say what caused it but we suspect it's possible that it's botulism," she said. Avian botulism is a paralytic disease found in waterfowl that is fatal and causes paralysis.
Last year Sea Shepherd could find the whaling fleet but could not close in because Japanese real time sat-technology can tell them exactly where Sea Shepherd ships are at all times. We have no way to compete with that. This is government military level technology completely unavailable to us.
The project consists of 6 roles in total, and a file for all the variables inside group_vars directory, also the do_droplets.yml is the file that is responsible for creating the DigitalOcean droplets, in the next few sections I will reference some snippets from the playbook and the roles, you can find the whole thing here if you are interested.
To find out what our readers think of education, check out If Schools Told the Truth. Or find out what lessons these institues should be instilling in their students, in The 10 Most Important Things They Didn't Teach You In School.
"Look, everything happens for a reason," he says, referring to the USC job he wanted on a permanent basis, but didn't get. "Right now I don't know what that reason is, why I didn't become a head coach. But I'll soon find out. I believe that."
It works like this: Autophagy is a process our cells use to rid itself of waste, thus allowing them to invade viruses. Without it, our cells are vulnerable to becoming consumed by viruses. HIV in particular prevents autophagy from happening altogether, which is why it's so hard to kill. But scientists have found a way to lift HIV's brake on autophagy. As a result, cells are free of the virus for longer periods of time.
After these experiments, it was found that URMC-099’s initiation of autophagy allowed the HIV drugs to be in cells for a longer period of time — nearly 50 times longer!
IT’S MONDAY, AUG. 1! Welcome to Morning Trade and to August, in which two of your three hosts celebrate birthdays — as does USTR Michael Froman. Want to talk trade news? You know where to find me: mcassella@politico.com or @mmcassella.
OTTAWA - The Conservative party asked for the location of all polling stations and then contacted voters about where to find them during last year's federal campaign, despite a request they not do so by Elections Canada for fear of muddying the election-day waters.
"We have a lot of work to do together," he told cheering delegates. "We're going to canvass until our feet hurt, and when our feet hurt, we'll pick up the phone. ... We're going to do it because five million Minnesotans need a voice in Washington and they don't have one in Norm Coleman." In a passionate acceptance speech, Franken said he offered the combined ability to take Coleman to task while laying out a hopeful vision that would propel Democrats to reclaim the Senate seat once held by DFL icon Paul Wellstone. Republicans ready Republicans were ready with a line of attack that pegged Franken as their "dream candidate." State Republican chairman Ron Carey said that Minnesotans would not be fooled by what he called an "eleventh-hour apology made out of political necessity." Carey hinted broadly that the GOP would have additional revelations about Franken, who has taken a pounding in recent weeks for tax problems and for his often profane style of humor. Franken said that further broadsides against him reflected an effort by Republicans to make the race "about anything but Norm Coleman's record." Franken came into the convention on Friday dogged by controversy over a soft-porn parody written for Playboy in 2000 and an earlier skit involving an imagined rape that he once pitched during his "Saturday Night Live" days. Some Nelson-Pallmeyer supporters took defeat hard. As Nelson-Pallmeyer gave a concession speech Saturday, a young supporter wearing a green-and-white campaign shirt and a headset stood in the back of the hall, accepted hugs and cried slightly. She raised her hands high above her head as Nelson-Pallmeyer finished speaking. Asked by a reporter whether she could comment on the defeat she bowed her head. "I'd rather not, I'm sorry," she said. Speaking to reporters shortly after endorsement, Franken again acknowledged that he wasn't "a perfect person." The coming campaign, he said, should revolve around the issues that matter to Minnesotans. But few expected that Franken will be able to avoid continuing attacks on past writings that some have found demeaning to women. State Rep. Nora Slawik, a delegate and early supporter, wondered aloud whether voters would be as forgiving of Franken as party activists.
We were unable to recover the complete MCE dataset including all randomized participants. Thus, we could not conduct a traditional randomized controlled trial analysis to determine the effect of randomization. We do, however, include the life table graphs from the 1981 Broste thesis. A thorough explanation of methods and results can be found on pages 21-49 of the Broste thesis ( http://www.psych.uic.edu/download/Broste_thesis_1981.pdf ). For context, we include a CONSORT flow diagram (fig 4 ⇓ ).
Limited and inconsistent evidence from non-randomized studies While the randomized controlled trial is the only study design that can show a cause and effect relation, observational cohort studies can be used to investigate longer term exposures than are typically feasible in randomized controlled trials.31 Limitations of observational studies (for example, healthy consumer bias), however, can sometimes distort,31 32 33 or even reverse,34 35 36 true associations. Self reported intake of foods that are often high in linoleic acid was associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease in two large prospective observational cohorts of US health professionals37 38 and in one pooled analysis of several cohorts.39 Other large prospective observational studies40 and another pooled analysis,41 however, found no association. Similar inconsistent associations between circulating linoleic acid and risk of coronary heart disease have been reported,42 43 with pooled analysis showing no association.41 Ecological associations between linoleic acid intake and coronary heart disease have also been cited to support the diet-heart hypothesis.44 These associations, however, are subject to important confounders and are wholly dependent on the timeframe selected (fig B, appendix). Thus, the conclusions that can be drawn from non-randomized studies on this topic are limited. Together with the lack of support from randomized controlled trials (after recovery of data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study and MCE), the totality of evidence no longer provides support for the traditional diet-heart hypothesis.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
"We've called this piece of the land the bunker because he will now find it impossible to force a sale as there will be so many names on it," group spokesman Martin Glegg said Wednesday. "This is the prime slot that Trump wants and there is no way he can get it now."
After the gunfire stopped, Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said he ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise's aide. After medical personnel arrived, he said he retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify her of the shooting. He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Not quite science fiction or fantasy: In Saving Mr. Banks (Dec. 13) we witness the miracle of Walt Disney convincing author P.L. Travers to let him make Mary Poppins. In The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (Dec. 25), Ben Stiller plays a guy who escapes into daydreams and then finds a real-life adventure.
Most of the updating is now done on the Secular Buddhist Association website, where you can find all the podcast episodes and you can Comment about them, find blog articles, and participate in online Discussions. Hope to see you there!
I've decided that the social portion of our adventure is best done on Facebook, so you're going to find a few FB-oriented links around the site:
In addition, several pages have their own "Share This Page on Facebook" link below the page title; that's the one to use when you find a particular web page that you want to share with others, and that posting will be specific to that web page.
Well, less a Readers' Corner and more a Readers' Bottom of the Page. I will periodically post book recommendations here, based on the input of podcast listeners, which may be of interest in your practice. Books linked here can also be found in the Resources pages of this site, so don't worry if one you've seen previously isn't here anymore -- it's still available and on the site!
Description -- Batchelor's Buddhism Without Beliefs (1997) described a secular approach to the Eastern philosophy stripped of doctrines such as karma and rebirth; how a young British monk ordained in the Tibetan tradition turned into a Buddhist atheist is revealed in this new book. On the dharma trail in India and Korea, and later as a lay resident at the nonsectarian Sharpham community in England, Batchelor was beset by doubts about traditional Buddhist teachings. Finally convinced that present-day forms of Buddhism have moved far beyond what founder Gotama had intended, Batchelor embarked on a study of the Pali canon (very early Buddhist texts) to find out what the Buddha's original message might have been. Batchelor's own story of conversion is woven effortlessly with his analysis of Buddhist teachings and a 2003 pilgrimage to Indian sites important in the Buddha's life. He is candid about his disillusionments with institutionalized Buddhism without engaging in another new atheist broadside against religion. While Batchelor may exaggerate the novelty of his Buddhism without beliefs stance, this multifaceted account of one Buddhist's search for enlightenment is richly absorbing. -- From Publishers Weekly
Dozens of street people, accompanied by backpacks, shopping carts and sleeping bags, can be found dozing in broad daylight on the lawn of the historic park, known for its 107-year-old Broadway Fountain that was designed by famed San Diego architect Irving J. Gill.
Study finds how much fat a person needs to lose to make them look more attractive.
“Women and men of average height need to gain or lose about three and a half and four kilograms, or about eight and nine pounds, respectively, for anyone to see it in their face, but they need to lose about twice as much for anyone to find them more attractive.”
“The difference between the groups suggests women’s facial attractiveness may be more sensitive to changes in weight. This just means women attempting to lose weight need to shed slightly fewer pounds than men for people to find them more attractive.”
However, the relative brevity of Dark Tower masks the genuine problem at its core: This isn't a straight-up adaptation of King's first story, The Gunslinger. Instead, it's a kind of sequel/reboot, focusing not on Idris Elba's heroic character Roland Deschain but squarely on the tortured boy Jake Chambers (Tom Taylor). In this version of the story, Jake is haunted by dreams of another dimension, known as Mid-World, and of Roland and his immortal foe, the Man in Black (Matthew McConaughey). Eventually, Jake finds his way into Mid-World at the center of the battle, in part because he's gifted with psychic abilities known as "the shine" (one of a number of references in the film to other King works). Jake functions very clearly as an audience surrogate, encountering Roland and the Man in Black after a surprisingly long buildup. While it makes sense to ease unfamiliar audiences into the world of Dark Tower, this choice also suggests a timidity on the writers' part to dive straight into the weirdness of King's stories.
Nonprofit support organization for LGBT people Icebreakers Uganda reported an attempt to break into their offices. "We found signs of forced entry at the gate and blood at the main door," they wrote.
A survey commissioned for the Republican-allied Crossroads Generation group focusing on younger voters found that only about 25 percent of respondents said they used TV ads as a source of political news. This was lower than the number of young people who said they got their news from comedy programs like The Daily Show in a separate survey commissioned by the College Republican National Committee.
According to the CRNC report, 40 percent of respondents said they used some form of digital video recorder like TiVo to watch television. A 2013 study by DVR manufacturer Motorola found that 74 percent of American DVR users say they purchased their devices in order to fast-forward commercials. Needless to say, people who want to pay money for the ability to skip commercials are not interested in watching them.
But even under ideal conditions outside of the political world, television advertising has been found to have very limited positive effects.
This was well documented in a 2010 study by political scientists Michael Franz and Travis Ridout who found that advertising in the 2004 campaign had very little effect on people’s willingness to vote for either Republican George W. Bush (the incumbent) or Democrat John Kerry.
The study found that Kerry and his allies “had consistent advantages over the Bush camp in spots aired.” In total, Bush and his allies aired 408,604 spots either promoting him or attacking Kerry, far fewer than the 605,533 which backed Kerry.
Despite the fact that voters saw far more anti-Bush and pro-Kerry ads, the study found that they had almost no effect on voters. In counties where Kerry had a 1,000-ad advantage over Bush, this yielded a vote increase of less than 1 percent. It was not even a half a percent. It was 0.19 percent. And that was in counties which were not “battleground” ones where voters were being bombarded constantly by advertisements.
When Franz and Ridout looked at all counties, they found that a 1,000-ad advantage yielded Kerry an even smaller increase: 0.12 percent. When they looked at just September and October, they found that pro-Kerry ads were even less effective with 1,000 more ads netting him just 0.083 percent more votes.
With no incumbent in the race in 2008, the authors found ads were slightly more effective. Across all counties, they found that a 1,000 spot advantage for Democrat Barack Obama or his allies gained him 0.551 points. They were at their most useful in October in non-battleground counties where a 1,000-spot advantage helped Obama gain 1.081 percent more votes. Running more ads in these counties did not help Obama persuade anyone, however; instead, they merely helped him pad his vote total by motivating his base.
In 2012, with Obama running as the incumbent, advertising once again became less effective. Georgetown University professor Daniel Hopkins applied this same methodology to the 2012 race and found a similarly low effect on Obama’s vote totals. A 1,000-ad disparity in favor of the president resulted in a vote gain of just 0.14 percent for him.
Trying to give potential voters unflattering information about the opposing candidate through advertising does not appear to work any better than more positive messages, in large part because negative campaigns tend to also stir up partisans of the opposition. In fact, a meta-study of negative advertising published in The Journal of Politics found that candidates who engaged in it actually saw a slight decline in their own support.
A study conducted by the Center for Media and Public Affairs found that PolitiFact, a frequently cited website by journalists and campaigns, was more than twice as likely to rate claims made by the Romney campaign to be “false” compared to claims made by the Obama campaign. A separate analysis by the University of Minnesota found that PolitiFact was three times more likely to describe statements made by Republicans as “false.”
While campaigns have for decades run polls trying to track the effectiveness of their advertising right after they’ve engaged in it, what many non-academic political observers are not aware of is that there is an entire discipline within political science called “media effects” which has been looking at the impact that advertising has beyond just an overnight poll. What the scholars have found is completely the opposite from the conventional wisdom.
Looking at the overall landscape of the NFL, it's hard to find a team more underrated than the Minnesota Vikings in 2013.
I was looking for an affordable white rug that I could paint racetracks on it, and I knew I didn’t want an expensive rug if the project didn’t turn out well. When I visited Ikea the other day, I found these $2 bath rugs and it was like a light bulb turned on top of my head. Now all I need was some black paint, painters tape and a brush to finish the project I had in mind.
Once relegated to late-night AM radio, anti-Muslim extremism has found a home in the Republican Party.
You may have seen his mug in a commercial, but more importantly he’s coming off of easily his worst season to date. If Varlamov can’t turn it around this season, Colorado may be looking elsewhere in net. He’s still young, and has time to turn it around, but with a young Avalanche team, he will need to find a way to play consistent goaltending.
If not for a third quarter collapse in game seven against the Bruins, Reimer may have found himself a bit higher on this list. But alas, the Maple Leafs traded for Jonathan Bernier to bolster up goaltending, and Reimer has some real competition for playing time. I like Reimer, and since he is so young i expect to find him on this list come next season. If not, you know who won the starting job.
Fleury proved to be the most impossible player to rank on this list. If he can recapture his last 2000’s form, he can help Pittsburgh to another title. If he can’t, you wont find him on this list next season. There are no excuses this season playing behind such a star-studded lineup.
Smith has the potential to end this upcoming season as a top-10 goalie, but has shown throughout his career than consistency has been an issue. If he can find success behind an amazing Coyotes defensive system, and stick with it, Phoenix will be back in the playoffs.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Ever heard of Pine Mouth Syndrome? It’s this strange condition some people get when they eat pine nuts — in the opinion of some, though, it only happens with pine nuts harvested in China (which account for most in the US market). In 2010, we made some pesto, but I was the only one who ate it. I had this awful metallic taste in my mouth for a couple of weeks. (“Metallogeusia” is the condition of having a metallic taste in your mouth). We found out later, at our food co-op, that some people have had these complaints with Chinese-grown pine nuts. They switched back to the more expensive European pine nuts, and had no complaints. If you read the linked-to article above, you’ll see that scientists have been able to find no chemical difference between pine nuts that trigger metallogeusia, and those that do not.
A while ago I was at Ikea with my friend Ashley and she found curtain panels in their clearance section for $2 each. These were perfect for the project I had in mind.
Those values don’t belong to a creed or a nation and without being in any way prescriptive they apply to me in a very practical manner. They have guided a great deal of what I have done in my adult life, and I found it surprisingly easy to just detail what they were. Although I’ve always played about with Scottish imagery, and you’d certainly never hear me say that I enjoyed seeing Gascoigne scoring against the international football team I support, Scotland, I’ve never written anything that could be called nationalistic because I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing so, it’s not me, and it doesn’t fit with those values I’ve had since I was a wide-eyed wee boy just trying to make as much noise as I could. I intend to vote Yes and I am not a nationalist. Furthermore, and it may sound odd in a climate where even every No campaigner is clamouring to drape themselves in the Saltire, I would not even describe myself as particularly patriotic. I love and feel a deep connection to a great deal of Scottish culture, I am proud to take part in it in my own small way, it burns at me when our culture is denigrated, but I can also think of many things that us Scots should collectively be thoroughly ashamed of (sectarianism and an odd and prevailing sort of pride in our violence and our alcoholism spring to mind). I also feel a connection to English culture. Just like a famous German Jew who lived in London once did, I can try to lend weight to the argument I’m eventually going to make here by quoting Shakespeare on money (“Thou common whore of mankind, that put’st odds / Among the rout of nations”) and feel I’m pulling from a shared cultural understanding in doing so. I just think that the best way that this particular piece of the world can be governed is if the people that live here have the ultimate say on it.
The researchers trained 6- to 8-year-olds in mental rotation, a spatial ability, and found their scores on addition and subtraction problems improved significantly. The mental rotation training involved imagining how two halves of an object would come together to make a whole, when the halves have been turned at an angle.
Past research has found a link between spatial reasoning and math, but the new study is the first to provide direct evidence of a causal connection—that when children are trained in one ability, improvement is seen in the other. The findings are published in the Journal of Cognition and Development.
Besides the intellectual challenge, you may also find it improves your coding skills and language knowledge. Of course, you won’t want to take the obfuscating code-shortening techniques back into your professional environment, but other aspects of golf coding concern the use of appropriate algorithms, and knowledge of the available features of your programming language. You’ll find code golfing to be good programming exercise!
Another restriction, for your delectation and delight, is to restrict the programs to be no longer than 140 characters, so that they may be tweeted. Here are some examples. I’ll add more as I tweet them. Please follow me @Tuxar_uk and so long as it’s clear to me that you tweet relevant stuff, I’ll follow you back. We could exchange code tweets – preferably in Python, but other mainstream languages (such as you might find on a standard Linux installation, e.g. C, Perl) would be acceptable too.
112 characters, smallest of all! I started with this code (190 characters, even if it says 90) and found a symmetry I could exploit. L() & R() are essentially the same, with sign changes. Also the function defs for l() & r() aren’t needed.
In November 2009, Rajaa Benamour had an anaesthetic injection for minor surgery, after which she found herself mentally scrolling through her entire life, right back to her birth. This was followed by what she could only describe as a rapid review of the creation of the universe. After being discharged from hospital, she started trying to find books about what she’d learned during her vision.
Indeed, when I analysed my research, I found that pain-killing and sedative drugs, particularly at high levels, seem to make it less likely that a patient will have an NDE.
Marie-Claire Hubert, a nurse who had an NDE when she was hospitalised with meningitis, went through a tunnel and emerged to find dead family members, former patients and even long-dead pets.
I find interesting that she admits that Korea is the best is and wishes/hopes/prays that foreign players becomes as good as they are somehow/someway.
I find interesting that she admits that Korea is the best is and wishes/hopes/prays that foreign players becomes as good as they are somehow/someway.
A strip club employee was stabbed in the torso in downtown Ottawa Tuesday night, and hours later another man was found stabbed on Montreal Road.
Then, at about 5:45 a.m., a man was found stabbed in the parking lot of a business on Montreal Road near the Vanier Parkway.
▼Guys may find it difficult to express their true feelings…
NSW farmer Ian Turnbull found guilty of shooting murder of environment officer Glen Turner
A New South Wales farmer who shot and killed an environment officer involved in land clearing prosecutions against his family has been found guilty of murder.
After firing his final and fatal shot, Turnbull said he was going home and the police would know where to find him.
Speculation is often thrown around about what kind of hidden gems are lurking at the Nike campus in Beaverton, OR. This inside look at CEO Mark Parker's office should give you a give idea of just what sort of crazy Nike memorabilia and history is housed at the Nike headquarters. Parker's office is jam packed with a frenzied collection of art and shoes that manifests all of the various influences and iterations of the Nike lineage. Unreleased samples, one off promo materials, and classic models are found in the various nooks of the room alongside sculptures and scraps of the Nike story. This baffling gallery of photos really shows how much the business heads at Nike stay grounded in the company's roots of innovative design. Continue reading to take a look at the rest of this photo set, and then head over to Whitewall to read their interview with Mark Parker. via: fubiz
Making it through the first 30 days of an elimination type diet is hard enough, what about after? You’re feeling better, how do you stay motivated? After a recent ‘fall from grace,’ I decided to put this post together. To help me remember and maybe help someone else find their way too.
These tips assume you’re already on your chosen type diet, if you haven’t found one yet there’s a treasure trove of condition-specific advice available on the internet.
My new relationship with food started out of necessity. After a bad go with narcolepsy meds, I found myself unable to take big pharm meds anymore. Everything gave me terrible side effects, even over the counter meds. I wasn’t quite sure what to do and I stumbled on a TedX talk by Dr. Terry Wahls. She had pushed her MS (multiple sclerosis) into remission with just food. She did a lot of research on her own on pub med, in hopes of getting out of the zero gravity wheelchair she’d ended up in, despite the best doctors and treatments. She found certain foods reinforce the mitochondria in the brain (which is where MS and Parkinson’s come from – I think nocturnal myoclonus (now called PLMD) is similar to that as I was given an anti-seizure med (Klonopin) for it in the 90s.) Now here’s this lady, who went from a zero gravity wheelchair to a bicycle in six months. I was hooked. I thought, what’s the worst that can happen? I eat? Done. If you would like to watch this inspiring vid, it was life changing for me:
So, I started my food journey with the Wahl’s protocol. It was too much food. I’ve never been much of a big eater, but I did feel better. I went to paleo and found it a little easier to manage but, the results were not “fantastic.” Then, I decided to do autoimmune paleo diet and voila! I discovered two of my major triggers are nightshade and food additives. If I ate anything with either of those, I would have horrible stomach problems and a lot more pain. I added chicken bone broth with garlic, mint water, turmeric root juice (link to recipe) and kvass (link coming soon) and I experienced the following:
I write the menu plan for the week on the bottom of the list before I leave for shopping. That way, if I can’t find good grass-fed steak at the grocery, I can look at the menu and pick something else right there.
Crunchy. Chip crunchy. My kingdom for chip crunchy! That’s what I lamented when I first started AIP. Then I found Dang chips, which are just coconut. Plantain chips. Munch munch. I found other snacks, sweet potato chips made with coconut oil and no added garbage. The internet is also a treasure trove of treats that aren’t cheats. Yes, these diets are hard, so it’s good to treat yourself.
You can find the products I use to make things easier in the kitchen, in my Amazon Store you do not pay any more shopping from my links but your doing so will support my site :).
In an interview with Sun News, she said: ‘I want them to be found and I want people to know this is still happening.’
The decision came Wednesday from the Ontario Court of Appeal, which found that Ontario Court Judge Stephen Brown used “intemperate and insulting language” towards the accused man, one P.G., and “let his personal feelings” about him “overtake his objectivity.”
There is also the danger of turning Buddhism into an “ethnic” religion—when someone becomes a Buddhist by the sheer merit of being born in a Buddhist country or culture. Buddhism is not an ethnic religion; the Buddha himself stated that caste and race are irrelevant in his sangha, or holy community. For him, what matters most is understanding the Dharma that he discovered. During his lifetime, the Buddha welcomed men, women, Brahmins, and “untouchables,” transcending all of these divisions in the world of his Dharma. This all-embracing spirit resonates with many people still considered “untouchables” in today’s India. When the celebrated Indian scholar, activist, and social reformer Dr. B. R. Ambedkar (1891–1956) was searching for a new spiritual tradition for himself and his fellow Dalits, in the end he found that Buddhism was the most appealing because its egalitarian philosophy would accept his people no matter their race or caste.
An Oxford University study has found that fathers who were emotionally committed and felt confident about parenthood in the first few months had better-behaved children 11 years later.
Of the original cohort, 6,898 children were still in the study by nine years old and 6,328 were still involved at 11. The study’s authors found fathers who scored highly for their emotional response were 21 per cent less likely to have a child with behavioural problems at nine years old and 19 per cent less likely when their child was 11.
The young writer would soon find his voice, however. In “Lieutenants’ Mustaches,” written for the Star just two months after his initial offering, an inchoate form of the “Hemingway style” begins to emerge. The piece, like so much of Hemingway’s later short fiction, is composed mainly of dialogue. Its terse-speaking characters—two returned veterans—are stoic and masculine. Little of what they think or feel is spoken of directly or addressed by the narrator—a narrative technique that Hemingway dubbed the “iceberg theory” of composition, and on which he would expatiate in 1932’s Death in the Afternoon. Themes and leitmotifs that appear in Hemingway’s early novels and short stories (a reluctance to speak of the war directly, contempt for those who did not fight, and reflections on the pointlessness of war generally) are present in the short piece. “We didn’t get nothing permanent good out of the war,” one of the veterans remarks, “except for the lieutenant’s mustaches. Plenty of them about.”
He found little time to write fiction, and Canada offered him no inspiration. In December, he resolved to leave. But before tendering his resignation, Hemingway decided to make his feelings known to Hindmarsh. According to newsroom legend, Hemingway typed out a long and scathing letter, taped the sheets of copy paper together, and posted it on the newsroom bulletin board for all to see. Farcically, Hindmarsh pretended not to notice the letter, which is reputed to have been 16 feet long.
4. TW: cults, murder, homophobia. “Lord” Pete Moses is the leader of a Judaism-based cult. And he has just been found guilty of murdering two of his followers, one of which was a 4-year-old boy who was killed because Moses thought he was gay. At the very least he will be going to jail, the sick fuck. Sentencing is next Friday.
7. This baby duck was born with a deformed leg. So, rather than give him a peg leg or letting him suffer, science has found a solution. Using a 3D printer, people made a mold for a silicone prosthetic leg and foot for Buttercup. All the feels for this one.
Christian Domestic Discipline is not BDSM. It is not a game. While we do not deny its sometimes erotic nature, it is ultimately not for erotic purposes. It is often much different than the domestic discipline you will find outside of the Christian faith.
AMD is back in the desktop CPU game with its Ryzen family of processors, thanks to successes with per-core performance and energy efficiency brought about by its "Zen" micro-architecture. The company launched its Ryzen processor family with the top-end Ryzen 7 series, which consists of eight-core models that start at $329 and go all the way up to $499. These chips do manage to make you think twice before choosing an Intel Core i7-7700K quad-core chip, and makes the Core i7 "Broadwell-E" series look terrible, all the way up to the $1,199 i7-6900K. On the brink of Summer 2017, AMD launched the Ryzen 5 line of performance-segment processors to capture key price-points ranging between $170 and $250.The Ryzen 5 series from AMD competes with the entire spectrum of Intel's Core i5 quad-core "Kaby Lake" series, at prices ranging from $170 to $250. This puts Intel's high-volume Core i5-7600K and value-oriented i5-7400 in its crosshairs. Carved out of the same 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon as the eight-core Ryzen 7 series, the Ryzen 5 series consists of six-core and quad-core SKUs, which are further bolstered by SMT (simultaneous multi-threading) and unlocked base-clock multipliers across the board. SMT (and its Intel implementation, Hyper-Threading) is something quad-core Core i5 parts lack, and unlocked multipliers is reserved only for the i5-7600K quad-core and $189 i3-7350K dual core. What's more, the six-core Ryzen 5 parts feature a staggering 16 MB of L3 cache (compared to the paltry 6 MB of the price-comparable Core i5 quad-core parts), and the quad-core Ryzen 5 1400 a decent (on paper) 8 MB. Given AMD has made significant strides in improving per-core performance and the software ecosystem finally taking advantage of more than four logical CPUs, the Ryzen 5 series chips are extremely exciting on paper.The Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip we're reviewing today has an enviable premise - a quad-core chip with SMT enabling 8 threads, 8 MB of L3 cache, and slightly lower clock speeds than the 1500X, yet an unlocked multiplier, for just $170. If you've read our Ryzen 5 1500X review, you'll note that we found it to be a very compelling alternative to the Core i5-7400. At its price, the Ryzen 5 1400 targets the upper-end of Intel's Core i3 dual-core lineup, and maybe even disrupts its entry-level quad-core Core i5 lineup. Dual-core Intel chips still make for decent entry/mainstream gaming PC chips for those who want to game at 1080p with reasonably dialed up settings. AMD is changing the game here by offering up four cores, eight threads, and more than double the cache, besides the freedom to overclock.AMD made the Ryzen 5 1400 by disabling two cores per quad-core complex (CCX) on the 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon, resulting in four cores. In addition, AMD halved the L3 cache per CCX to 4 MB. This is unlike the 1500X, where it left the L3 cache untouched, giving you 16 MB. So you have 8 MB of shared L3 cache and 512 KB of L2 cache per core. The chip is clocked at 3.20 GHz, with 3.40 GHz of TurboCore frequency. It lacks XFR (extended frequency range) in the real sense. A vestige of the feature overclocks the chip up to 50 MHz beyond the rated boost frequency. It doesn't appear to have any real price-matched competitor from the Intel stable. You get the Core i5-7400 at $190, but that's already sorted out by the Ryzen 5 1500X at the same price. Intel recently slashed the price of the overclocker friendly Core i3-7350K dual-core chip to $150, but we haven't had a chance to test it yet.On popular demand, we decided to also run our entire selection of games at HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels). You will likely not game at this resolution, but it provides useful insights into the CPU's performance since games get extremely CPU limited at this resolution.
The body of Traynor was found in her apartment by her uncle, who went to check in her this past Friday and found her corpse.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This man is wanted in the Milton murder, police say he is known to carry firearms, do not approach him, call 911 if you see him. The connection he has to 25 yr old Wendi Traynor who was found dead, tonight at 9/10p <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Q13FOX?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Q13FOX</a> <a href="https://t.co/aztJ4iMyZT">pic.twitter.com/aztJ4iMyZT</a></p>— Tatevik Aprikyan (@TatevikAprikyan) <a href="https://twitter.com/TatevikAprikyan/status/929552534280138752?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 12, 2017</a></blockquote>
When police initially found Shaver, the woman was still in the hotel room with him. Officers ordered her out of the room and into the hallway. She was also asked to crawl towards officers and was apprehended. The man had left the room just before the cops arrived.
When investigators searched the hotel room, they found two pellet rifles. Shaver was declared dead at the scene.
This is obviously a fairly antagonistic stance to take, but he’s certainly holding more than a few cards to support his position. You may recall the recent, exhaustive poll of law enforcement officers around the nation which found that nearly nine in ten cops felt that their jobs were both more dangerous and more difficult than eight years ago. Even more depressing is the perception that working in law enforcement was “no longer worth it” and a tendency to not tell their own kids that going into the police academy was a good career choice. These feelings were even more pronounced among cops in the nation’s large cities than in the suburban and rural precincts.
WikiLeaks has published the biggest leaks in journalistic history. This has triggered aggressive retaliation from powerful groups. Since 7th December 2010 an arbitrary and unlawful financial blockade has been imposed by Bank of America, VISA, MasterCard, PayPal and Western Union. The attack has destroyed 95% of our revenue. The blockade came into force within ten days of the launch of Cablegate as part of a concerted US-based, political attack that included vitriol by senior right wing politicians, including assassination calls against WikiLeaks staff. The blockade is outside of any accountable, public process. It is without democratic oversight or transparency. The US government itself found that there were no lawful grounds to add WikiLeaks to a US financial blockade. But the blockade of WikiLeaks by politicized US finance companies continues regardless.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has openly criticized the financial blockade against WikiLeaks, as have the UN Special Rapporteur on the Promotion and Protection the Right to Freedom of Opinion and Expression and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression. The blockade erects a wall between us and our supporters, preventing them from affiliating with and defending the cause of their choice. It violates the competition laws and trade practice legislation of numerous states. It arbitrarily singles out an organization that has not committed any illegal act in any country and cuts it off from its financial lifeline in every country. In Australia, a formal, US triggered investigation into our operations found that WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange have no case to answer. In the US, our publishing is protected by the First Amendment, as has been repeatedly demonstrated by a wide variety of respected legal experts on the US Constitution. In January 2011 the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy C. Geithner, announced that there were no grounds to blacklist WikiLeaks. There are no judgements, or even charges, against WikiLeaks or its staff anywhere in the world.
The Bank of America is one of the principle promoters of the WikiLeaks financial blockade; it is also the creator of VISA, which until 1976 was called the “Bank Americard”. In February this year, it was revealed in detail that the Bank of America had commissioned, through Washington lawyers Hunton & Williams, a consortium of three US intelligence contractors, including HBGary, to propose a systematic US $2 million/month multi-pronged attack to hack and smear WikiLeaks. HBGary was referred to the bank’s lawyers by contacts within the US Department of Justice. The correspondence and proposals, which include plans to target journalists and lawyers supporting WikiLeaks, are now public. An extract from the proposal to sabotage WikiLeaks can be found on page 16 of plan 6:
- 13 January 2011: United States - US Treasury finds no grounds to blacklist WikiLeaks
Nadeau found the claim totally worthless. His research revealed that there were already 25 alcoholic beverages registered with the TTB that included the word “monster” in their names. Among them was Brooklyn Brewery’s The Monster barley wine, which preceded the energy drink. “They never had a problem with that.” Nadeau believes that large companies, in monopolizing trademarks, often start by bullying the littlest guys first so they can build up a folder full of “precedents” that they can present to a court.
As it turns out, the chemical substances found in jihadists' storehouses in Aleppo and eastern suburbs of Damascus were manufactured by British and American companies.
© Sputnik / Nour Molhem Canisters found at a terrorist chemical weapons factory in Aleppo
Commenting on the issue Leonid Slutsky, the chairman of the Russian lower house of parliament's International Affairs Committee, told reporters that Damascus has the right to turn to the United Nations after US and UK-made CS and CN substances were found in Aleppo and Damascus suburbs.
"Syria now has all the reasons and the right to address the United Nations over western-produced chemical weapons found in the territories liberated from terrorists," Slutsky stressed.
"The Southern Sundance. Given my experience at this year’s fest, I wouldn’t find it surprising if the Chattanooga Film Festival one day surpassed its elder cousin in the North. For the non-film nerds among you, this is a killer lineup. This is Haight-Ashbury in 1969."
“I was so fortunate as a youngster to find a productive place in the film and television industry, and when the Chattanooga Film Festival wanted to honor my 55 years of contributions to entertainment, I was humbled and proud. I’m not a center-of- the-bulls-eye kind of actor, so when a truly independent festival, run by independent folks, want to acknowledge me, it makes me realize that I’m doing something right. I love how the festival began, I love it that Chris Dortch has tremendous passion for film, and I love how the filmgoers in Chattanooga (and the surround-ing region) support and embrace projects three minutes to three hours.”
Weeks earlier two bounty hunters made a false claim to have found them, reviving interest in the disappearance and spurring American investigators to step up the search for the missing journalists.
Mr. Page said, “I don’t like the idea of his spirit out there tormented,” a wandering ghost that could find rest, as many in Asia believe, only after proper funeral rites. “There’s something spooky about being M.I.A.”
“It’s always peaceful in a cemetery,” he said. “Everyone there has found rest. All the tribulations of life are over, and you return to the peace of nothingness.”
The job had been a baby step back into basketball, or what he calls “the part of my life that was always easy.” Campbell found him at a point in which the rest of it was plagued by a nagging and even injurious lack of purpose.
Cooke failed at basketball and the film found him struggling at life. Conversely, Anderson played those 14 seasons and was an All-Star in 1993-94, when he averaged career highs of 18.8 points and 9.6 assists. His Nets teams were talented but behaviorally and organizationally dysfunctional, and finally derailed by the 1993 car-wreck death of rising Croatian shooting guard Drazen Petrovic.
The film doesn’t sugarcoat the ongoing process of Anderson trying to figure out who he is vs. who he was. The opening scene – reminiscent of the Jake LaMotta bio-pic “Raging Bull” – finds him at a hotel pool, smoking a cigar, not hiding a middle-age paunch, and suggesting that two young women Google him to see he’s not lying when he says he was once someone special.
On the subject of alcohol, he insists, “I don’t have a problem,” but the film several times finds him with a beer in his hand. Scenic and affectionate walks on the beach with his third wife, Natasha, near what he calls his “middle-class” home in Pembroke Pines, Fla., are darkened by her admissions of Anderson’s infidelities that have strained the decade-long relationship.
The climate that makes Ventura County ideal strawberry territory does not end at the Mexican border. On the Baja California coast near San Quintín, you also find strawberries. With the expansion of cultivation in the states of Baja, Guanajuato and Michoacan, Mexican production and Mexican exports have been increasing in recent years.
In Baja, strawberry harvest workers make much less than they do in Southern California: about $11 a day. So why doesn’t more of the strawberry business move south across the border? The labor price difference isn’t yet so much as to force the move south. Strawberry farms here still can find people to work in the fields. But there is an issue: The people willing to pick strawberries in Ventura County for $18.75 per hour are not Americans. They are Mexicans willing to brave the hazards of living in the United States without legal permission.
Essentially, menstrual cups are much less costly and produce far less waste than tampons and pads, but the benefits don't end there. "For women who are traveling—particularly abroad or where access to stores might be limited—a reusable menstrual cup can eliminate the need to find tampons or pads," says Kelly Culwell, M.D., chief medical officer at WomenCare Global, a nonprofit focused on providing healthy, affordable contraception to women. "Women who find they have issues with vaginal dryness or irritation with tampons might have a better experience with menstrual cups, which do not absorb vaginal fluid or alter the vaginal pH." (Read up on everything you ever wanted to know about tampons and some stuff you probably didn't.)
An Abu Sayyaf deadline for the payment of a large ransom passed on Monday and police later found the severed head of a Caucasian man outside a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sulu province's main Jolo town.
Or investigate the complete collection of 10813 entries, which includes indirect references, vague anonymous traces and even earlier occurrences of phrases found in Hamlet.
That same poll — which surveyed 1,000 people — found that 53 percent of people think the media has exaggerated problems in Trump’s White House, while 45 percent believed the coverage was accurate.
The poll also found that 40 percent of people whose primary news source is MSNBC agreed that “the news media and other elites are exaggerating the problems of the Trump administration, because they are uncomfortable and threatened by the kind of change that Trump represents.”
You can very easily find both of these methods — the retention and the roots — in Springwoods Village. Off I-45 and Grand Parkway, you are immediately met with traffic medians lined with detention ditches for capturing water at the source. These medians, along with the lakes, parks and all other opportunities for landscaping, were outfitted with tall grasses indigenous to the region. All the utilities of a community have been bundled into its infrastructure, bringing together roads, pipes, drainage and vegetation and freeing up the remaining space for parks, lakes, houses and, of course, ExxonMobil's campus.
To them he added ideologues of a new and equally interventionist persuasion, which he found congenial: that of humanitarian action, scarcely relevant in resisting the Islamic caliphate that emerged as a major force in the concluding half of his second term. By then he also faced a Republican congressional majority distinguished by its ignorance — worse than his own in foreign policy matters — and its vindictiveness.
This is a question for which it seems impossible to find an answer — or even a discussion — in the American media. Europe has no answer. Perhaps even Obama doesn’t know. Is it to be left to the historians?
Then there is the idea of "if you don't want it, put it up for adoption". For some reason, all these people think adoption is the perfect solution. I don't know who came up with that line of bullshit. It's sort of a solution, in SOME cases,but not all. The simple fact is, the only babies really in demand are healthy white ones. The kids that aren't that.. are of different races, born with disabilities or drug problems and such, are very hard to place even now! Never mind when we have an even larger number of them. So what happens to those babies no one wants? They are abandoned at hospitals until the state can find a foster home for them. Unfortunatly, the number of decent foster homes is going down dramatically, so they will be there a LONG time before a slot becomes available.Then they are dumped in foster home after foster home until they are 18, then kicked out of the system on their own with little or no support. Most of the kids this happens to end up with major mental issues, as well as having been abused. (See above). They are never really cared for, never get love from a "real" parent, never learn to love themselves, never have a stable background or upbringing. They are cast out on the world with no help and no safety net, with fewer skills and somehow are expected to hit the ground running... when all they usually do it hit the ground.
One thing I’ve hated for a long time in Chrome is the downloads manager. There just isn’t an easy way to keep track of downloads once they’ve started. Sure, you get a downloads bar in the bottom of the screen. But if you hit the “Show all” button, it disappears. Then you’re left to search for the Downloads tab or dig down deep in the menus to find the downloads option.
There are a couple of reasons why I like this extension. First of all, when you start a download, the extension animates to show that your download has now started, and you can find it by clicking the extension icon. When a download is in progress, the icon turns blue. When nothing is going on, it stays grey.
As you’d expect, Downloads isn’t the only download manager in town. In fact, you can find way more powerful options that follow the same drop-down aesthetic.
For this reason, many sects of Christianity are incredibly insular, placing enormous pressure on the believers to stay within the church network, and punishing those who dare to stray. Of course, this also means that removing or being removed from that network can have devastating effects on human lives, as an individual may find themselves literally alone, abandoned by the very people they loved, respected, and spent years developing relationships with.
We examined a highly traumatized cohort of African American individuals and found that exposure to more stress throughout the lifetime was associated with accelerated epigenetic aging.
Moreover, we also found that many of the age-related DNA methylation sites used to calculate epigenetic aging are located at glucocorticoid binding sites and undergo changes in methylation when individuals are exposed to a synthetic glucocorticoid, called dexamethasone.
Lastly, we found that genes near these age-related sites also undergo changes in expression following dexamethasone and many of these genes are implicated in aging-related diseases, including coronary artery disease, arteriosclerosis, and leukemias.
"It will examine processes at the time to identify, investigate, discipline, remove, dismiss and/or transfer persons accused of or found to have engaged in child sexual abuse," he said.
Much of the film is framed as the Spotlight team investigating something seemingly isolated and being shocked to find how far the tendrils stretch out, reaching areas and individuals they never would have expected. But the impact of this gradual discovery is blunted when you already know how deep the rabbit hole goes. Sure, there’s something to the characters’ realizations that tries to drive the magnitude of the discovery home, but as horrible as what they uncover is, the film loses some of its narrative punch when its big developments are telling you something you already know.
But they also reveal a difficult hurdle for the film — the story of what happened is more striking than the story of the people who found out what happened. But that’s a sprawling, very individual story, splintered across thousands of victims and abusers, leaving director/co-writer Tom McCarthy to focus on the newspaper investigation in an attempt to tie it all together. The unfortunate side effect is that this mediates the terrible events that the film is concerned with, mixing them up with didactic discussions of psychological pathology and the personal effect that learning all of this has on the reporters who discover what happened.
Any others for the top-10? Cofidis’s Rein Taaramäe has the clichéd big engine but it’s prone to breakdowns and overheating whilst new recruit Dani Navarro is a top climber. Vacansoleil-DCM’s Lieuwe Westra seems their best bet with Thomas de Gendt as a more random factor and Wout Poels remains a talent and it’s nice to see him back after his critical injuries last year. Europcar’s Pierre Rolland is still having trouble with the time trials so a prestigious mountain stage win seems more likely than a high overall place but win in the mountains and you soar up the leaderboard too. Euskaltel-Euskadi’s Igor Antón is another climber to watch but again stage wins and the polka-dot jersey seem to be the goals although remember the Basque teams needs ranking points to stay in the top division. Przemyslaw Niemec had a strong Giro and could be Lampre-Merida’s best bet but the Tour is new for him. Orica-Greenedge’s Cameron Meyer impressed in Switzerland and should find the steady climbs of the Tour to his advantage.
2. Years before her role on Homeland, actress Nazanin Boniadi was set up as Cruise's girlfriend. The documentary details how, after Cruise’s marriage to Kidman was destroyed, the church went about to find the actor a girlfriend, alighting on a Scientologist field worker named Nazanin Boniadi. Boniadi was given a make-over – her teeth fixed, wardrobe from shops such as Burberry – for what she was told was her being elevated to work on a world stage with world figures. But it was all prep for her to meet and then date Cruise. But it didn't last. During a visit by Miscavige to one of Cruise’s mansions, the actor didn't think Boniadi paid enough respect to the leader and cut the relationship short. Boniadi then made the mistake to tell her heartache woes to colleague, who reported them to higher ups. Boniadi was punished by being forced to do menial tasks, including cleaning toilets with a toothbrush. All details are omitted from Boniadi’s IMDB profile. Boniadi left the church and became an actress. She landed on General Hospital, did a stint on How I Met Your Mother, and as the doc points out, was a key supporting player on Homeland.
“The result of being located on a tectonic join, the springs come in various colours, temperatures and mineral make-ups, and their popularity among visitors is another legacy of the Japanese,” wrote Ben Lerwill for Telegraph Travel in 2013, of the springs mostly found in the east of the country. “I visited the Ruisui springs, which were warm enough to boil me into an afternoon-long submission. I wallowed until the stars came out.”
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
The Bike Artist isn’t nearly done. She wants to tag more lanes in high-traffic bicycling areas and move away from her more humorous messages to focus on promoting responsibility and etiquette. And she’s even seen at least one imitator: A friend has begun spraying stencils in Columbia Heights, using his own designs. Similar-looking stencils aimed at pedestrians can be found on 11th Street NW in the same neighborhood, though BA didn’t notice them until after her project began. In many ways, the tone of her street art—chipper, encouraging, mischievous but hardly subversive—reflects a change in D.C.’s bike culture. Between 2000 and 2011, only New York City saw a sharper drop in car commuting than D.C., according to a recent Public Interest Research Group study. Bikeshare reports about 250,000 rides a month. According to the League of American Bicyclists, bike commuting in D.C. grew 445 percent between 1990 and 2012, and as many as 4.1 percent of D.C. workers commute on bike. The typical D.C. biker is a lot like the Bike Artist—pretty normal. “Bicyclists now aren’t your middle-aged men in Lycra, they aren’t the young white hipster bike-messenger lookalikes,” BA says. “Everyone bikes.” Bike culture in D.C. is “night and day” from about a decade ago, says BicycleSpace co-owner Erik Kugler, whose 7th Street NW bike shop sits in front of a rare sidewalk stencil made by BA. “It used to be exemplified by the courier culture...that was a turnoff to many people. Now it’s just everyday people who are out. What separates the culture now is it feels like you’re in on a secret that brings happiness to your life.” That’s exactly the distinction BA is trying to draw—between bicyclists’ reputation, semirooted in an outdated notion of who bikes, and the way she feels every bicyclist ought to behave. Where most of us fall is probably somewhere in between. “Bicyclists have a reputation of being serious assholes, and this is confronting that perception,” BA says of her project. As an example, she points to a recent article on Greater Greater Washington, a first-person account by a bike-accident victim who was ticketed by police after a driver turned into his path, causing a collision, and was later allegedly told by a police officer that of course he was at fault—he’s a biker. In that case, the bicyclist did everything right. But in the heated discourse of urban transit policy, BA is frustrated that bicyclists are often stereotyped as aggressive lawbreakers. That perception, she says, is unfair, but is nevertheless framed “by the portion of people that run through red lights, don’t yield at stop signs, bike on sidewalks, bike the wrong way up streets—those people frame other road users’ perceptions that all bicyclists are wrong and disrespectful. I’m so polite. I’m overly polite to get over that perception. I, like, stop and wave and smile at people.” Bikers, of course, have plenty of reasons to remain aggressive—they still get killed on the road, after all, and must navigate laws that often force them to think like motorists and pedestrians at the same time. And so the notion that more bicyclists ought to set a better example, Kugler says, is “a little tough to swallow with all these cars doing illegal U-turns” and violating traffic laws in ways that can hurt bikers. “We’re supposed to be the ones who set a good example?” As American cities have knocked down the barriers to everyday biking by building more bike lanes, adding Bikeshare systems, and improving signage—as they’ve given more of the road to bicyclists—those policies have become politicized. (See the conservative think tank founder who recently berated a bicyclist for reporting a truck blocking the L Street cycletrack, or Christopher Caldwell’s recent Weekly Standard screed against the bicycling lobby.) But in D.C., the temperature of the bicycle debate is beginning to drop. Public discourse still centers on the toll of gentrification—on the widening gulf between the city’s wealthier, whiter population and its poorer, blacker one—but three years removed from the Fenty administration, bicycling is less of a signifier of a societal rift. (Biking advocates, of course, might point out that the pace of bicycle-infrastructure expansion has slowed, too, although DDOT wants to build 140 more miles of cycletracks and bike lanes.) And as the population of daily, nonideological bicyclists has grown, BA’s instinct—that they need an angel on their shoulder—more or less feels right. That, anyway, is why Kugler says he gives the bike stencils a “99 out of 100.” “It’s a message for the modern biking culture,” Kugler says. “It’s not a renegade culture anymore.” ***
But, for all those who also felt intrigued by the mystery, and lunacy, of the vintage ’90s Ninja Turtles comics, the whole run has been translated for your pleasure. You can find a directory of links to complete volume .cbr downloads at TMNT Entity on the off chance you’d like to follow along with this review. This stuff can get pretty weird.
Anyway, the real Turtles are staking out High Pressure Engrish based on a hunch from April and they’re cornered by the police, who mistake them for the False Turtles. Things look bad until Bebop and Rocksteady show up with the False Turtles, who scare the police off and promptly attack the Ninja Turtles. The TMNT find they can’t make a dent in the False Turtles, as their armored hides bust all their weapons. Bowing their heads in shame, the Turtles admit defeat.
T hroughout his movie career, Colin Farrell has played many things: an amnesiac secret agent, a hitman with a death wish, even a time traveler. But in The Lobster, the actor takes on what may very well be his most offbeat role, playing a man who has 45 days to find a mate, otherwise he'll be turned into a lobster.
Will the couple be able to find happiness together? Or will the upside-down rules of their dystopian society defeat them in the end? The Lobster is both a love story and an absurdist fairy tale, but one thing it definitely isn't is conventional. Driven by deadpan performances, a classical music score and a dark sense of humor, it's a difficult movie to pin down. But if you absolutely had to put a label on it, it's hard to think of one more appropriate than Logan's Run meets Terry Gilliam.
“We have to find a way to let these children forget the war and what they experienced,” Ahmet Lutfi Akar, president of the Turkish Red Crescent, told Reuters.
The HUD is kept discrete, with item icons only appearing when I draw close to something of use. Meanwhile, major, tangential decisions are indicated through a blinking butterfly symbol to the top-right. This is a bit of a fourth wall breaker, but it tells me that picking up a pair of scissors is a something of a breakthrough for Ashley's future prospects. Or perhaps not. My choice to play it confident and venture down to the cellars is a potential fork in the road too, but what if I'd taken a more cautious tact? And how significant were the fake newspapers I found planted in the corridor corner?
A boy’s funeral procession in Puerto La Cruz, a man sucking on a bone he found in a garbage bag, a woman wiping tear gas from her face, a nursery inside a women’s prison, hundreds standing in line, waiting for hours for something to eat. These are some of the images that are portrayed, alongside the testimony of the men and women that made putting a face to the crisis possible.
I felt the need to try to help his soul to find some peace. The camera wasn’t a shield. I didn’t want it to be a shield and I was crying just like everyone else. To this day I still think about Gabriel and his mother, and this encourages me to talk to the people I photograph and try somehow to understand and make other people know the pain and the grief of losing a loved one.
“If I ever have to explain my country to other people, it is under those terms: people in a terrible situation always find these little places that make them forget about how terrible it all is. I so often find myself in the middle of a terrifying setting and the breeze blows, or the sun sets, and I am left in a purgatory: between heaven and hell, between beauty and terror.“
"The new evidence shows that every mental health expert ever to examine him finds that Mr Hill has mental retardation and he is thus ineligible for execution" under the US constitution, Kammer said in a statement.
The series of self-contained stories follows Will and the rebel forces’ ongoing quest to find the mythical Crystal Arrow which is essential to restore young Princess Vara to her rightful place on the royal throne and defeat Xax and Kreel’s forces – and, by doing so, bring back peace and order to the Kingdom of Kale.
“Ryan gave me the back story to the piece and what motivated it and how he wanted it to be a love story,” Wakamatsu said. “I love it when the arts can integrate and find ways to connect.”
All four men died from overdoses of GHB, also known as G or liquid ecstasy. The body of Walgate, Port’s first victim, was found just outside the communal entrance to Port’s one-bedroom Barking flat. The other three were discovered in a churchyard near Port’s home.
Center forwards, like d-mids and goalkeepers, tend to develop later in their careers (Gordon is the age Brian McBride was when he transferred to Fulham). It's very, very nice to see a guy like Gordon stick with it as long as he has and, eventually, find his moment in the sun.
While I was disappointed that hit hadn’t been more challenging, I was proud of the group for handling the mechanics so well. Mouse Guard is a game which places a high value on system mastery, and players who lean into that will find themselves having a more rewarding play experience. I just need to learn to not underestimate my group!
After driving the badger away, the group investigated the remains of the nest. Sadly, most of the eggs had been eaten or crushed, but they did manage to find a single survivor, buried in the dirt. I allowed one of the patrol (Quinn) to learn that it was a turtle’s egg, since she has turtle wise. Excited at the possibility of having a “pet,” the players hauled the egg out and began to make their way to Lockhaven, which they could see in the distance.
The US Supreme Court [official website] on Monday ruled [opinion, PDF] 6-2 in Voisine v. United States [SCOTUSblog materials] that a state law conviction on reckless domestic assault is sufficient to bar possession of a firearm under federal law. Stephen Voisine and William Armstrong had pleaded guilty to violating a Maine statute [text] that makes it a misdemeanor to “intentionally, knowingly or recklessly cause[ ] bodily injury or offensive physical contact to another person.” When later investigations revealed that both men were in possession of firearms, they were charged and convicted under a federal law [18 U.S.C. § 922 text] that prohibits any person convicted of “misdemeanor crime of domestic violence” from possessing firearms and ammunition. On appeal, the petitioners argued that, because their domestic violence convictions were based on recklessness, and not intentional or knowing conduct, they were insufficient to support the federal charge. Focusing on the meaning of “use … physical force,” the Supreme Court disagreed and upheld the convictions. Writing for the majority, Justice Elena Kagan found that
Right now, the American beer culture seems to be in love with the character of American hops. But I often find their intensity to be overbearing. They dominate other flavors and tend to homogenize styles that should be distinctive. It’s a little bit like oakiness in wine. American wine drinkers fell in love with oak flavors in the 1980s and ’90s, and many winemakers intensified their use of oak. But many consumers tired of these flavors, and pervasive oakiness has receded over time. I believe the same will happen with the ubiquitous hoppiness of American beers.
Hoppy as they may be, I can’t deny that we found many fine beers, none better than Stoudt’s Revel Red, which does not mince words, calling itself a Hoppy Ale. Yes, it was hoppy, but as with all our favorites, the malt character was apparent as well, beautifully integrated here in a lovely counterpoint with the hops. Sadly, Stoudt’s brews this beer seasonally, finishing just as spring starts. Clearly, the brewery needs convincing as to the category’s spring-worthiness.
From the moment Mitt Romney stepped off stage Tuesday night, having just delivered a brief concession speech he wrote only that evening, the massive infrastructure surrounding his campaign quickly began to disassemble itself. Aides taking cabs home late that night got rude awakenings when they found the credit cards linked to the campaign no longer worked.
Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross is reported as saying that police found a note among the attacker’s possessions stating that he “hated cops and probation officers.”
That semester, I ended up taking incompletes in all of my classes. My doctors and professors declared I was overwhelmed with catching up in my classes and the anxiety of it all consumed me. Little did I know that it would be a decade later before I would officially find out it was really systemic lupus erythematosus.
This has sort of been a gift and a curse for me. On one hand, I didn't want people to look at me as if I had a disability. On the other, I wanted people to know what I've been able to accomplish in spite of the disease. It's an invisible fight for me, but now is my time to make some noise so we can find a cure. If no one is aware of my struggle, we can't get there.
Research is not keeping pace with the research for other diseases of similar scope and devastation. A study conducted by the Lupus Foundation of America found 72% of Americans from 18 to 34 (those most at risk for lupus) have either not heard about lupus or know nothing more than the name.
One morning in the mid-1990s, Mark Mulvoy was on the sixth hole of Long Island’s Garden City Golf Club with Donald Trump when the skies opened, and they ducked for cover under a nearby awning. The rain let up a few moments later, and Mulvoy, then the managing editor of Sports Illustrated, returned to the green. When he got there, he found a ball 10 feet from the pin that he didn’t remember seeing before the storm.
The company says the best way for veterans to find out more about these jobs is to go to jobs.hilton.com/military.
EPS Geofoam is an omnipresent yet invisible material in our everyday lives—buried beneath the surface of an increasing number of urban projects around the world, from railway and road embankments to retaining walls and amphitheater seating. Weighing approximately one percent of the weight of soil, Geofoam is typically used as a lightweight fill material. In New York, for example, it can be found beneath 1 World Trade Center, Citi Field, Chelsea Pier Park and the New Jersey Turnpike. It makes up the entire foundation of Millennium Park in Chicago.
The value of temporary architecture is that it generates a community, creates buzz and produces images that circulate like currency. And yet all good temporary architecture comes to an end—its value often slips away. The value and price of Foamspace Coin then became proportional to its salience, loaded with the realized installation and the installation yet to come. The project attracted a lot of attention, but only those truly attracted to its idea found value in their Foamspace Coin and participated in the project’s future manifestation.
Yes, I had received racist tweets in the past – at least a few each day, but this was different. This was a sea of hate doing its best to engulf me. Finally, one of my followers sent me a link that explained what was happening– somebody had created a thread about me on a neo-Nazi site. I had some tweets about race that had been picked up by national press, and this neo-Nazi group had decided that this was too much legitimacy for a black woman to have, so they fired up their troops with screenshots of my tweets and information about where to find me on social media. Their goal was to harass me off of the internet because my voice was considered a threat.
That was the first campaign of many, and whenever I find myself drowning in racist and sexist vitriol, a quick Google search will usually find a group working hard to create and sustain the abuse that I’m receiving. This is never organic, this is never an accident – it is a purposeful campaign every time. I have reported hundreds of such abusive tweets and Facebook comments, but can count the number of times that Twitter or Facebook have determined that these horribly violent racist and misogynistic messages violate their policy on one hand. I have blocked over 60,000 people on Twitter , and yet still, every day abuse comes.
A: I would like to downplay the preseason and say the time missed by Hassan Whiteside is not a concern. But it is. After Tuesday's game in Orlando, he will have missed all of training camp and half of the preseason with his calf strain. This team can't get on the same page until all its primary pieces are in place. And you know that Erik Spoelstra is not going to play all of his regulars in both Saturday's game in Houston and Sunday's game Atlanta. So the Heat basically have three exhibitions, at best, when the projected starting lineup can play together (and that's only if Whiteside is back by this weekend, although he told me he will try to practice later this week). A lack of continuity destroyed last season and it's not as if the Heat have found the antidote in camp. Remember, the schedule is heavily home-loaded at the start of the regular season. Fail to take advantage of that and it could prove particularly difficult to overcome, especially with the eclipse of road games in January.
Before letting them through, the inspector added: "I don't imagine you'll find many people up this way who'll understand your game--or have an interest in it."
"You will face assault, you will assault, you will have falls. You will find yourself with a brain injury as a result of the long-term use of alcohol."
Next on Four Corners, reporter Janine Cohen tells the story of one young man who did nothing more than take his girlfriend out to a club. Without provocation he was attacked, his skull fractured and his life changed forever. The story of alcohol abuse didn't end there. His attacker, who'd consumed 10 cans of bourbon and cola, was arrested, found guilty and sentenced to six years jail. His family was devastated.
Out on the streets Four Corners found a rather different picture. Accompanying police on patrol, it soon became clear that alcohol and violence are close companions. The cameras captured the moment when police themselves are attacked, and go with the paramedics who are forced to clean up the carnage after violence flares. At the hospital emergency ward things are no better. Doctors and nurses are forced to tend to a constant stream of people who've become victims of alcohol-related violence.
MICHAEL FORD: Sam's brother Ryland came, got there after he received the text and found Sam on the ground.
JOHN EYRE: You will face assault, you will assault, you will have falls, you will find yourself with a brain injury as a result of long-term use of alcohol. There's too much evidence on this that verifies it.
PROFESSOR BRIAN OWLER: And I think if your talk to any doctor or nurse in an emergency department, I think you'll find- it would be very difficult to find one that hadn't directly experienced alcohol-related violence on a regular basis.
To the contrary, they actually looked at the patterns of consumption in the surrounding areas and found that people weren't going out of area to consume more alcohol.
Audio: My Intoxicating Career | Radio National | 17 Feb 2013 - Whether they're actors, musicians or poets there can be repercussions from taking to the stage night after night in pubs and theatres. We'll hear some performers strut their stuff on stage and we'll find out what goes on in the dressing rooms, behind the front and in the minds, of these entertainers.
If you'd like to be a judge, please contact me directly. Please note I will likely reject anyone who I do not find to be experienced / mature enough to handle it.
koliron If you'd like to be a judge, please contact me directly. Please note I will likely reject anyone who I do not find to be experienced / mature enough to handle it.
But the Goddess of Everything Else beamed upon them, kissed each on the forehead and silenced their worries. Said “From this day forward your chieftains will find that the more they pursue this impossible vision the greater their empires and richer their coffers. For I am the Goddess of Everything Else and my powers are devious and subtle. And though it is not without paradox, hearken: the more that you follow the Goddess of Cancer the more inextricably will you be bound to my service.” And so having told them rose back through the clouds, and a great flock of doves all swooped down from the spot where she vanished.
But two other studies on Danish and Dutch women, published last month in The British Medical Journal, found a higher risk of venous blood clots for women taking newer progestins, including drospirenone.
Because drug labels for Yasmin and Yaz contain warnings about the risk of side effects like blood clots and strokes, plaintiffs may have a difficult time winning cases with the argument that the company should have issued stronger alerts. But, armed with F.D.A. warning letters to Bayer, lawyers may find more success with the argument that misleading Yaz commercials enticed women to take the drug, thereby exposing them to health risks they might not otherwise have incurred.
Festival director Ben Ray said: "Slam Dunk Festival South has been taking place in Hatfield since 2010 so the town has truly become our home. Therefore, I am extremely happy we managed to find a new site still within the town. We are sad to leave the University however the event was selling out months in advance so we knew we had to move it and make it bigger due to demand from the fans."
Music Meet the Hands (and the Man) that Bring Chance the Rapper to the Deaf No one has more fun at a Chance the Rapper show than Chance himself. But a close second, at stage left, is Matt Maxey—who, along with his company, DEAFinitely Dope, is translating the magic of Chance shows for deaf concertgoers. Ashley Fetters hung out with Maxey at Lollapalooza to find out how this hip-hop fan became “the deaf Kanye West.”
It’s challenging in 2017 to be a good sign-language interpreter of hip-hop music, and it's only partly because the genre finds itself in a lyrically experimental phase lately. A few months back, for example, a video of a sign-language interpreter at a Waka Flocka show went viral. According to Maxey, this particular interpreter abbreviates too much, boiling down the sentiment "I go hard in the paint" to something more like "I'm great."
The factory sights are as basic as sights get: black plastic squares front and rear with no dots. They work just fine and accuracy with them was very good, despite the front sight being harder to find than an honest man at a gun control convention. Painting the front sight white would be a quick, cheap upgrade.
“I don’t think we should do anything that compromises passing tax reform,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas). He suggested that Planned Parenthood could be addressed later, when Republicans move back to health care.
“It’s been incredibly frustrating. If this was a priority for leadership, they would have found a way to get this done. This is something we’ve been talking about for many years,” Hawkins said.
After meeting the amazing people from Arizona Wilderness, we quickly came to find that our two breweries both value local community and frequently source ingredients from local farms whenever possible. Transmission was brewed with honey from Booger Hill Bee Company in Danielsville, GA, as well as Lisbon Lemons and Arizona Sweet Oranges from The Farm at Agritopia in Gilbert, AZ. The beer contains both zest and juice from the fruit.
Now union members and leaders are asking themselves – how can the labor movement recover when one of the strongest unions in the country buckled under the pressure? Among them was Billy Cox, who went to the Machinists’ Hall in South Seattle to find answers for himself and his colleagues.
Nesbitt has lived at a north Canterbury caravan park with her two children for four months, unable to find an affordable home to rent.
Nesbitt cannot find a rental.
She found a series of short-term homes and then a permanent one, but had to move out when the owners needed it for their own daughter, who was homeless.
"It breaks my heart because I feel like I've let them down. Every day they say to me 'Have we found a house?'" she said.
Some new characters, certainly. They’re going to turn things upside down. We’ll find out where they were, because it’s only been two weeks since the dome came down. And we’ll maybe meet someone that’s related to Junior and Big Jim.
The actor — who does indeed look very GQ in photos that find him sporting suits from Dolce & Gabbana, Calvin Klein, DKNY, and Emporio Armani — also talks about how he almost became a cop instead of an actor, his parents' divorce when he was 12, his decade-long estrangement from his father, and how a single elective he was forced to take in college (one he chose only because of its early landing in the alphabet) changed his career path.
In 2011, an investigation was launched into the death of Pablo Neruda, partially on the strength of a statement from his driver that he was injected with a poison by a Dr. Price. Price's description matched that of Townley, and police examined this link while Neruda's body was exhumed and tested for possible toxins.[21] On 8 November 2013, the test results were released, with head of Chile's medical legal service Patricio Bustos stating that "No relevant chemical substances have been found that could be linked to Mr. Neruda's death".[22] However, Carroza said that he is waiting for the results of the last scientific test conducted in May (2015), which found that Neruda was infected with the Staphylococcus aureus bacterium, which can be highly toxic and result in death if modified.[23]
With the win, the Warriors will advance in the tournament to face the Boston Celtics, who are the sixth seed. It will be the Warriors' fourth game in four nights, which is certainly a grueling path through summer league. To find out more information about the tournament structure, please click here.
Since January 2015, when Alabama’s marriage ban was first struck down, Chief Justice Moore has used his position on the state Supreme Court to block marriage equality in Alabama at every juncture. Following the first ruling that found Alabama’s marriage equality ban unlawful, Moore wrote to a letter to the Governor requesting that the ruling be ignored as non-binding “judicial tyranny,” and informing the state’s probate judges that they could ignore the ruling.
Just eight seconds after his team had tied the game at one 5:38 into the third period, Quincey launched into a flying check that found his elbow connecting with former teammate Tomas Kopecky’s face. Quincey left his feet and the principle point of contact was Kopecky’s head. A suspension was inevitable.
The game Quincey is to miss is a crucial one for his team, Wednesday against the division winning St. Louis Blues. The Wings find themselves just 1 point ahead of Nashville and Chicago in the race for 4th in the West (a home ice advantage spot Detroit covets dearly) knowing that every point from here on out counts and desperately looking for some momentum heading into the post-season. The loss of Quincey, though, wont hamper them in the slightest.
In fact, just one game prior Quincey found himself a healthy scratch as head coach Mike Babcock began rotating defensemen saying, “He probably mirrors our team. Our team hasn’t been great.”
In fairness to Kyle, he hasn’t exactly found himself in the easiest of circumstances thus far, becoming injured shortly after joining the team and then juggling different defensive partners on a nightly basis thanks to more injuries and finally continuing the act with Babcock’s rotations. He’s had no opportunity to build rhythm or chemistry with anyone and that lack of consistency has been heavily reflected in his game.
On the sidelines, the Congress—the single -largest party in spite of the loss— was stoking internal differences and widening the rifts between allies of the ruling coalition to re-launch its bid for power. From the very beginning, Singh found himself in a snake-pit, with pythons waiting at the exit.
Police chased the protesters, entered a number of houses by scaling the walls or breaking open the gates and thrashed anyone they found there.
At resolutions of 4K and 5K, the tests show that it’s not worth cheaping out on the $40 HB Bridge, especially after you just put out $1,200 or more for a pair of the world’s fastest GPUs. So just deal with paying for the bridge—if you can find one, that is—since you’re already in for a pound.
The figures on my desk started out from just having some select action figures I grew up with. I started with some classic 80s figures and then started to branch out into different comic book figures and video game ones soon after. Eventually it has grown into what you see here. My favorite is a custom Skeletor action figure I found online; never before that had I seen a figure that actually made Skeletor into a thin mage opposed to a body builder with a skull head.
You will always find a Wacom pen and a protein bar within arms reach. Also given the type of character I am working on, I might grab some additional reference materials and sprinkle them around my desk.
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter.
It's officially Spring Break season, which means that Florida beaches will be filled with intoxicated college students...and the garbage that they produce. Smathers Beach in Key West has always had an issue with empty beer cans and other form of litters being strewn across the sand, but last week they had to contend with a whole new type of problem: Revenge Cannibalism.20-year-old Stock Island resident Cassi Lyn Clayton could be identified as a bit of a "spitfire" to say the least. She had already been arrested on February 4 of this year for attacking an officer and causing a bit of property damage. Unfortunately, there's not much else on record about that arrest or her (apparently very checkered) prior history other than a collection of mugshot ranging from completely adorable to slightly intimidating.But on Monday, March 4 of 2013, 21-year-old Madison Pelfrey of Stamford, Flordia found out just how crazy Cassi could get. At approximately 5:00 PM, Madison was observed throwing her trash onto the beach. This desecration of her natural habitat enraged Cassi, who approached the litter bug and began screaming at her.The argument between the pair continued to escalate to the point where things got physical. That's when Cassi promptly ended the altercation by biting into Madison's right cheek Cassi Lyn Clayton was arrested and charged with misdemeanor battery. She was also released from custody...so if you happen to be Spring Breaking in Key West over the next two months, please make sure to properly dispose of your garbage and/or recyclable materials.
Andrej Kovalev, Konstantin Ostrashkevich and Evgeny Sidorov, who work at Russian internet portal Yandex, discovered the malware targeting *nix servers. They traced transmissions from compromised computers to two command and control (C&C) servers. So far they have found 1,400 machines that have fallen to the code, with potentially thousands more to come.
"For ordinary websites, serious maintenance is quite expensive and often webmasters don't have an opportunity to do it. This means it is easy for hackers to find vulnerable web servers and to use such servers in their botnets."
The Yandex trio warn there may be other plugins in circulation, based on data found on the two cracked C&C servers. These include a tool specifically to exploit systems that haven't patched the Heartbleed vulnerability in OpenSSL.
But due to this inherit latency of information exchange you will be able to silence that victim and stop the spread of information. Which I find adds quite a cool game-play mechanic.
I hope you all enjoyed my explanation of the conversation system or at the very least found it interesting.
He's is different than me, but I hope so. He loves Hearthstone and I even play with him to prepare for tournaments. He is really good. I will take him to future events for sure. If he can manage to find more time for Hearthstone, who knows.
Americas: JAB, Nias, Purple, Hotform Really hard for me to say since I don't know much about the players from SEA and China. I think we in EU have some really good players representing the region and the same goes for NA. SEA with Kranich and Pinpingho having some known players too. It will be a close call between regions, I believe in Europe!Purpledrank, Hotform, Kranich, Lifecoach and Ostkaka are players I really respect.He's is different than me, but I hope so. He loves Hearthstone and I even play with him to prepare for tournaments. He is really good. I will take him to future events for sure. If he can manage to find more time for Hearthstone, who knows.Thanks to G2, my teammates and the fans cheering for me, it means a lot to me!
Thursday 1 June "Very loud talking (men's voices) heard onstage during Act 4, Scene 5… A stage technician mentioned that he had heard men in the bottom of the drum revolve sawing and shouting to each other and had told them to be quiet. At lights down (5.14pm) I was unable to contact anyone who could have told me who they were or what they were doing in the drum during a matinee. We do need to find out so that we can a) avoid a repetition and b) so that the four actors [including] Dame Judi…who suffered from this noise… receive the detailed explanation they deserve."
Wednesday 19 February 1992 "When Mr Byrne removed Mr Villiers' Chancellor's wig he also removed the wig Mr Villiers wears underneath. This left Mr Villers with the said wig in his hand. He walked behind the curtain stage right to get rid of it and at this moment Mr Hammond turned to address him and found him gone. This threw Mr Hammond who lost track of his words and on Mr Villiers reappearing needed a prompt which was given him by Mr Villiers."
Wednesday 3 May "[After curtain down] the company greeted Princess Margaret. She appeared to have enjoyed the performance very much and when Mr Gambon asked if she'd found it depressing, she said 'It was a bit like one's own life.'"
The investigation, which involved a review of thousands of pages of IRS documents and interviews with more than two dozen current and former IRS employees and administrators, finds the agency’s nonprofit regulation division has:
As a final side note, Weidian also has its desktop friendly web browser version that can be found here:
In a survey that, on its face, may make some undergraduates scamper back to their “safe spaces,” Pew Research Center finds a majority of Americans think too many people are easily offended by mere words.
Additionally, majorities across all education levels say people are too easily offended. Pew, however, found a quirk in the results — namely that Republicans with less education are more likely to say people should be more careful with their language than Republicans with more education. On the other side of the equation, Democrats with more education were more likely to hold that opinion than were Democrats with less education.
'I found out I was the lowest paid at the table': Morning Joe's Mika Brzezinski reveals she almost quit over gender pay gap
She said: 'I had found out I was the lowest paid at the table and sometimes by far.
Pay struggle: Mika Brzezinski highlights how women find it hard to negotiate higher salaries in her new book
Speaking to panellists Nora Ephron and Norah O'Donnell - who she interviewed for her book - Ms Brzezinski said women find it difficult to negotiate a higher pay deal because they get 'embarrassed'.
Similar themes can also be found in the mythologies and cosmologies of the Rastafari movement, Nuwaubianism, the Nation of Islam and its offshoot the Nation of Gods and Earths (the Five Percenters), all of which have been influential to hip hop culture.
There is also a strong concern with the use of language, as found in Samuel R. Delaney's novel Babel-17, the Rastafari's invented vocabulary of Iyaric, the Supreme Alphabet of the Five Percenters, or the work of b-boy theoretician Rammellzee, whose theory of Gothic Futurism describes the battle between letters and their symbolic warfare against any standardizations enforced by the rules of the alphabet. His treatise, "Iconic Panzerisms", details an anarchic plan by which to revise the role and deployment of language in society.
According to Sana, Rite Aid called him back to the store under the pretenses that they found a medication for him. The pharmacy staff took his temperature several times while health officials were called in, Patch reported.
The flat-rate tax was changed to a variable rate, dependent on the property value, in 1778. People who were exempt from paying church or poor rates, for reasons of poverty, were exempt from the window tax.[7] Window tax was relatively unintrusive and easy to assess. Manchester Royal Infirmary had to pay a tax of 1/9d per window on the windows of the rooms occupied by staff of the infirmary in 1841—a total of £1 9/9d.[8] Certain rooms, particularly dairies, cheeserooms and milkhouses, were exempt providing they were clearly labelled, and it is not uncommon to find the name of such rooms carved on the lintel. The bigger the house, the more windows it was likely to have, and the more tax the occupants would pay. Nevertheless, the tax was unpopular, because it was seen by some as a tax on "light and air".[9]
A lawyer with Stein’s campaign has said it wants the recount done by hand. That would take longer and require a judge’s order, Haas said. Let’s deal with this, because from everything I can find the panic over this is almost entirely baseless. What Haas is referring to is that, if there are questions about the certification of the election, Congress could theoretically have the discretion to disregard a state’s results and refuse to recognize its electors. That’s true, technically, but there is zero chance it would actually happen. Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania can all certify the original results - Stein’s recount demand notwithstanding - and the Republican-controlled Congress is certainly not going to turn away their electors because Jill Stein used a well-timed legal maneuver to rend those certifications arguably invalid. I don’t know if that’s Stein’s real gambit here, but if it is, it has zero chance of succeeding. The only thing she’s doing is mucking up the works and causing a lot of extra work for state employees in three states. Hopefully Bill Schuette’s motion to stop Michigan’s recount is successful, and with any luck the other two states manage to avoid this complete waste of time as well. Donald Trump won the election. That’s a fact and it’s not going to change. We have more important things to do at this point than try to re-run a campaign that no one wants going into overtime. Except the losers, I guess. But they lost. Screw them.
Dan Calabrese’s column is distributed by HermanCain.com, which can be found at HermanCain
The traditional "tech tree" is also gone, replaced with a "tech web." Technologies towards the center of the web are grounded in near-future developments or even current fields like biology, chemistry, et cetera. Expand toward the fringes of the (very large) web and you'll find speculative technology and the realms of science fiction. Additionally, each technology on the web is accompanied by sub-technologies, giving you more room to specialize in a given field.
If you’ve been following SpaceSector’s coverage of StarDrive, you probably already know that StarDrive is a game I’ve been writing about for quite awhile now. I admit that I’ve been rather enthusiastic and excited about it, even since its early days, as I really liked the concepts and mechanics it was introducing. I have been waiting patiently for a 4X game that ticked all the boxes on its way to success. This past Friday, StarDrive’s status was officially changed from beta product to released product. Has it managed to meet my expectations? Let’s find out.
StarDrive is a 4X game about conquering the galaxy. The only game mode currently present in StarDrive is sandbox, so those looking for a story centered mode or alternative game modes won’t find them here as of now. StarDrive at one point in its past had a few different alternative modes in the game, but these are not present currently.
Exploration is enjoyable, although not as intense as it could be, as in reality there are only a handful of surprises to discover and these will be revealed after only your first playthrough of the game. You won’t find an any space monsters or pirates in the current game. The closest thing to space monsters is the Remnant, a grouping of ships that orbits some of the best planets in the game, but they seem like more of a “gear check” to see if you are powerful enough to take them rather than a viable or exciting threat to deal with. They do offer a few surprises, but even these are limited in scope.
Technically, pirates do also exist, but they feel more like the start of a good idea rather than a fully fleshed out feature. They also seem to be biased against the human player, which is a mechanic that I find a bit cheap and unfair.
Tech progress may still be a bit fast for some, and with no “end game” endless technologies, the player is left with an empty research queue once everything has been discovered. There are ways to slow the pace of tech during initial game setup, should you find this is the case for you. I’d have loved to see a mechanic whereby existing weapons could be miniaturized or improved, so as to keep even early stage weapons somewhat useful ala MoO II.
That’s ultimately up to the individual player, but in my opinion, as long as the AI is competitive, this is a forgivable sin. In most playthroughs I am far and above my opponents in all categories, but against 7 opponents on brutal difficulty, I found myself in close to last place in each category for a significant length of time, meaning I was going to have to work very hard and effectively to survive. This, in my case, makes me feel comfortable with their advantages. This is pretty common in 4X games anyway, but I did want to point this fact out to those that may have been wondering.
Kathy, of course, is eight-time Academy Award–nominated Lucasfilm president/Star Wars brand manager Kathleen Kennedy, who found herself beneath the red-hot scrutiny of Movie Twitter in June after firing co-directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller from the Han Solo spinoff prequel. And in terms of that surfeit of self-belief, Trevorrow admitted to as much in an interview with Esquire in 2015. “Directors require a level of confidence that can border on the delusional,” Trevorrow said. “You have to push it right up to the edge of arrogance, but never cross the line.”
So aside from the brevity, why is vacuum infusion so good? Well, it doesn’t compromise the flavours of the coffee, unlike the nitro-method (which I find makes the coffee taste really metallic). All the pure, beautiful flavours and aromas stay true.
(Newser) – At least she's found some use for her education. A 2008 graduate of San Diego's Thomas Jefferson School of Law is suing her alma mater for $50 million because she hasn't secured a full-time job as an attorney. She alleges the college falsified its post-graduate employment statistics, reports 760 KFMB-AM. The former student—who graduated with honors and passed the bar on her first try—says she attended the school because of its reported 70% post-grad employment rate.
According to the lawsuit, the plaintiff—who works as a freelance document reviewer—has been "unable to secure a full-time job as an attorney that pays more than non-legal jobs available to her," and she would "not have attended TJSL and incurred more than $150,000 in school loans if she knew the truth about her job prospects upon graduation." The school denies the claim of false advertising, and a dean says it isn't the duty of the college to find jobs for graduates. "It is the responsibility of the person who is paying so much for an education to figure out what they're going to be able to do with it," she says. "I guess it's a very expensive life lesson." Click to read one view that law school is a bad investment. (Read more law school stories.)
"But now that dark matter particles have come together again -- in galaxies that are tightly packed together, in the centers of galaxies -- dark matter particles can find partners to annihilate again," said Basudeb Dasgupta, a theoretical physicist from Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai, India.
Several papers, including one published by Weniger's group, argue that pulsars are the more likely candidate for these gamma rays, but for now, astronomers can’t quite make that distinction with 100 percent confidence. For that, they will either need to take in more data (similar to using a longer exposure time in photography), find better ways to process the data (similar to sharpening images using software), or just build a better telescope, perhaps one of the dozens of proposed concepts being considered by NASA and other non-U.S.-based space agencies.
Start with big greedy money-- the Koch brothers, multi-national corporations with no interest in the needs of America or the middle class, billionaires, millionaires. Sure, there are millionaires and billionaires who are on the left-- but, apparently, not many. We need to find the allies and declare the rest enemies. Not sad, unaware folks waiting to be awakened. These are people who are funding the attack ads, maxing out on campaign donations to haters and bigots and people who are comfortable allowing tens of thousands, even millions die for lack of health care, war, etc.
The next step is to find allies, build a team and develop resources.
Fund research on developing new business models that reward small and punish big, that find ways to take advantage of economies of scale without shrinking industries' diversity. Make it a law for a company to have more than 20% of an industries business.
The researchers tested their system on a set of programming errors, culled from real open-source applications, that had been compiled to evaluate automatic bug-repair systems. Where those earlier systems were able to repair one or two of the bugs, the MIT system repaired between 15 and 18, depending on whether it settled on the first solution it found or was allowed to run longer.
“One of the most intriguing aspects of this research is that we’ve found that there are indeed universal properties of correct code that you can learn from one set of applications and apply to another set of applications,” Rinard says. “If you can recognize correct code, that has enormous implications across all software engineering. This is just the first application of what we hope will be a brand-new, fabulous technique.”
In earlier work, Long had developed an algorithm that attempts to repair program bugs by systematically modifying program code. The modified code is then subjected to a suite of tests designed to elicit the buggy behavior. This approach may find a modification that passes the tests, but it could take a prohibitively long time. Moreover, the modified code may still contain errors that the tests don’t trigger.
Disclaimer: What follows is one author’s opinion of what will be important for the crypto markets in 2018 and the future of blockchain technology. This is not intended to construe investment, legal, or tax advice. There will be no price predictions or advice on what to buy. This is merely a set of concerns to aid in your analysis of the markets in 2018. Also, this is not meant to be an exhaustive list. Rather, it is a starting point for some of issues that may be prominent in the coming months. As always, do your own research. For those unfamiliar with cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, you can find an intro bitcoin and crypto here and here. Future of blockchain analysis
Exactly when dogs started to be domesticated and split from wolves is a matter of some controversy. Archaeological evidence analysing the shapes of canid skulls found near early human camps suggested it might have happened as far back as 35,000 years ago. DNA analysis, focusing on differences between living dog and wolf genomes, seemed to suggest they must have split much more recently – between 11,000 and 16,000 years ago.
They found that dogs and wolves must have split into two separate lineages 27,000 to 40,000 years ago, bringing the DNA and archaeological evidence into line with each other.
They also found that some northern latitude dog breeds, having split from wolves, then interbred with the now extinct Taimyr wolf, which could have helped them adapt to the challenging northern environment. These breeds include the husky, Greenland sledge dog and, to a lesser extent, the Chinese shar pei and Finnish spitz.
“I find it interesting that early modern humans might have been so resourceful that they started making use of dogs already during the height of the last Ice Age,” says Dalén.
Having gone over the best CPUs , cases , some motherboards , and soon coolers, we’re now looking at the best GTX 1080 Tis of the year. Contrary to popular belief, the model of cooler does actually matter for video cards. We’ll be going through thermal and noise data for a few of the 1080 Tis we’ve tested this year, including MOSFET, VRAM, and GPU temperatures, noise-normalized performance at 40dBA, and the PCB and VRM quality. As always with these guides, you can find links to all products discussed in the description below.
The first award is the most important, and is assigned for the best overall combination of thermal and noise performance. Across all tested thermal categories – that’d be VRAM, MOSFET, and GPU diode temperatures – we found the ASUS Strix 1080 Ti (Amazon) to be the most consistent and impressive in its performance. Our review found that the Strix keeps its core temperature low, but also manages to keep VRAM and VRM thermals equally and proportionally low, which can’t be said for a lot of other coolers. A lot of this comes down to the mounting plates for the heatsink, and then the fact that ASUS is actually leveraging the mass of its 2.5-slot heatsink. Fin design, pitch, and density permit good airflow through the heatsink, and the shroud doesn’t trap the air inside of the cooler.
This next category, “Best for Modding,” could also be taken to mean “most room for improvement.” The MSI GTX 1080 Ti Armor (Newegg) was originally a $700, bottom-of-the-barrel GTX 1080 Ti, and it was for good reason: We found the stock cooler to be abysmal in its performance, and noted that the cooler was highly similar – though not entirely the same – as the coolers on the MSI GTX 1070 Armor cards. The upshot of this, though, is that you could get a very cheap, very good PCB and VRM for entry-level 1080 Ti prices. The best-kept secret of 1080 Tis is that the GTX 1080 Ti Armor, for all its faults, actually has the Gaming X PCB. The Gaming X PCB uses 16 5018SGs hooked up to 8 inductors, controlled by 8 driver ICs, and results in an 8-phase VRM with 4 MOSFETs per phase. The Fairchild dual-FET packages contain both the high-side and low-side FETs, and this overbuilt VRM outputs just 15W of heat under a typical 250A load, or 40W of heat under a 400A OC, assuming 125C and 300KHz switching frequency.
Many crews told us they would rather risk the police catching them with a gun than have their rival find them without one.
Even England’s great philanthropists had been enriched by the slave trade. The various Churches were also involved. In America slave traders would found famous universities like Brown. Some of the most powerful politicians in England were in the west indian interests pockets. Slavery was perfectly respectable. As Williams points out it was only changing economic circumstances that forced a change in attitude although there were important geopolitical reasons as well. For example the victory of the Haitian revolution and the inability of the British to conquer the island where they suffered disastrous defeat at the hands of the former slaves who were masters of guerrilla and conventional war and beat the British, the Spanish and the French.
A Disneyland official said the resort voluntarily shut down two cooling towers in a backstage area of the theme park after it found the towers had elevated levels of a bacteria that causes Legionnaires’ disease.
Jessica Good, a spokeswoman for the Orange County Health Care Agency, said in an email Friday night the agency found 12 people, ages 52 to 94, were diagnosed with Legionnaires’ disease, a type of airborne disease that causes a severe form of pneumonia to most people 50 years or older or with a weak immune system.
John Paul II, in his Theology of the Body , pushes back against the Cartesian depersonalization of the body and rightly presses home the point that man does not simply have a body, but in a certain sense is a body. Thus sex, in as much as it is the union of the male and female bodies, is properly (and theologically) understood as a form of personal communion”a gift of self. When a man pursues a woman sexually what he desires (even if he does not realize it) is not simply the surrendering of her body to him as a material object, but rather her personal openness to receive him as a gift. In sex the man offers himself to the woman as a gift, and he finds his joy in her opening herself to receive him as the gift he offers of himself. And she, for her part, finds her joy in yielding herself to another before whom she is vulnerable, who seeks her joy in the giving of himself, who uses his strength to bless rather than totalize. And in this way she too is gift to him, for she gives herself as gift to him in that she opens within herself a place for him to dwell, trusting and receiving the mans gift of self, and returning it in like kind. And mostMost significantly, this mutual giving and receiving of the self results in new life”a child, an expression of personal communion so profound that it actually has the power to instantiate the imago Dei .
Christ offers himself as gift to us in offering of his body (both on the cross, and in the supper); and we give ourselves as gift to Christ in the free surrender of ourselves to him, that we might joyfully receive him as gift. Most significantly, he himself is the gift of grace that we receive, and we ourselves are the gift of faith that we give to Christ. We find our joy in opening to him and making room for him to dwell within us, and he finds his joy in placing himself”his life via his Holy Spirit”inside of us, and being joyfully received by us. And this free exchange of selves, whereby the church becomes one with Christ, and Christ becomes one with the church, is, as every baptism attests, inevitably a life-producing union.
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Because Schober was fluent not just in German and French but also in English, he was put in charge of protecting Edward VII during Edward's summer holidays in Marienbad. His proximity to the British monarch for six consecutive summers appears to have been the basis for the friendly relations to the English-speaking world that Schober was noted for later in life. The assignment also seems to have been a boost for his career. He was promoted to a position in the Ministry of the Interior proper, where he was involved in watching over the Emperor and the Imperial Family – protecting them, but also keeping them under surveillance. Effective March 1, 1913, at the relatively young age of 38, Schober was made one of the heads of the Office of State Security (Staatspolizei). When World War I broke out a little over a year later, Schober thus found himself one of the chiefs of Austrian counter-intelligence operations. He became noted for his lenient disposition. When Edmund von Gayer, the Vienna Chief of Police, was made Minister of the Interior in June 1918, Schober was appointed his successor. Schober also received the honorary title of Hofrat on the occasion.
The fourteen parties in Austria's Constituent Assembly had radically different visions regarding the constitutional, territorial, and economic future of their demoralized, impoverished rump state. The government, a grand coalition of Social Democrats and Christian Social Party, found itself blocked at every turn by party leaders' unwillingness to compromise. No other alliance would have commanded the support of a stable parliamentary majority. Austrians began to warm to the idea of a "cabinet of civil servants" ("Beamtenkabinett"), a government of senior career bureaucrats who would be loyal to the State and not to any particular ideological camp. The Habsburg Empire had consciously cultivated an ethos of partisan neutrality in its civil servants. A pool of highly educated middle-aged administrators who counted sober professionalism as an important aspect of their self-image stood ready to be tapped.
On January 3, I got a call from the girl on my public number. She was quite nervous and was about to end her life. She told me she had even searched how to kill herself on Google. Among the search results, she told me, she found my number. I heard her out and told her to come to my office so we could talk about it in detail. Also See Download our Android App And Stay Up-To-Date
Egypt's official religious institution tasked with drafting edicts has found 3,000 fatwas (religious edicts) issued by extremists that incite the destruction of churches in the country, Egypt’s Grand Mufti, Dr. Shawki Allam, said on Friday.
He said that they have also found “fatwas inciting the demolition of Cairo and Giza heritage sites, in an explicit violation to the way Islam deals with heritage.”
Repeated requests over the last two years to interview Khadr have been denied by government officials citing a section of a policy known as the “commissioner’s directive.” Internal emails obtained by The Canadian Press show one interview request, made soon after Khadr arrived in Canada in 2012 and was incarcerated at the Millhaven Institution, was approved by the warden, only to be overturned 90 minutes later by the office of the public safety minister. Meanwhile, Khadr has been visited by teachers, lawyers, students, relatives and other members of the public who have become involved in his case during his incarceration in Ontario and Alberta. Federal inmates are permitted to give interviews unless a warden finds that the risk is too great to staff and inmates, or to the operations of the facility — a decision that should be independent, free from political interference, said Sapers.
Your children love you, they need you, and they will work hard for your approval. When they are misbehaving, you’ll often find out later they were tired, or hungry, or worried; and ‘worried’ is the hard part, because often they won’t tell you when they’re worried, or what they’re worried about. They’re not always aware of what they’re worried or afraid of themselves. But to discipline a child is who suffering is not what any of us want to do.
2018/2019 Fishing Regulations Disclaimer: Although we strive for accuracy in our content, the following rules and regulations should only be considered a reference. It is your responsibility to ensure you are in compliance with all current rules and regulations. We assume no responsibility or liability for any inaccurate, delayed or incomplete information. Official information can be found www.albertaregulations.ca or call Alberta Sustainable Resource Development information centre at (780)-944-0313. CLOSED November 1 -to- April 30 OPENED May 1 -to- October 31 BAIT Allowed (except bait fish) Fish Keep limit (size restrictions) Rules & Regulations are from Alberta Sustainable Resource Development Trout 5 - limit applies to All Trout species combined (except Bull Trout are Catch & Release ONLY) Brown Trout included in Trout limit & size restrictions listed above Rainbow Trout included in Trout limit & size restrictions listed above Mountain Whitefish 5 (all under 30cm must be released) Northern Pike 3 (no size restrictions) Yellow Perch 15 Advisories Fishing from the docks or ramps are not allowed. Related Waters The following waters are connected to this location. You should be familiar with them prior to entering the area, in the event that you are fishing bodies of water that have different rules than the current location. Elbow River - (from Hwy 22 downstream to Glenmore Reservoir & tributaries)
Location Map Use Google to find the best driving route by clicking here. NOTE: Some sections of rivers, streams and creeks have different rules for different parts of that water system. It is your responsibility to know where you are. AlbertaFishingGuide.com holds no responsibility or liability in any event of injury, death, loss of property or profits as a result of the use of this map. The information provided is intended for planning purposes only. Road conditions, safety and closure are not guaranteed. Use this information at your own risk.
Unfortunately, you can only find the surprisingly well priced sandwich at McD's outposts in Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Massachusetts (except locations near the Albany border), Connecticut (except Fairfield County) now through mid-August. Better get road trippin'
The Spireites, who had to beat MK Dons twice because of an administrative error to reach this stage, showed great spirit to finally break stubborn home resistance and find a way past inspired home keeper Sam Slocombe.
Watch every FA Cup goal Click here to find highlights from every game
Deanne Earle reflects on the Arras People Project Management Benchmark Report 2016. Why can’t organizations find the talent that they need?
Because we made each other our priorities, we’ve found a way to work through every issue that’s come up, large or small. When one of us had an outside partner that wasn’t good for any of us, we fought long and hard over it. But because we knew that our priority was the family, we had the courage to work through some very scary stuff. Being able to remember, in the heat of an argument, that yes, my partner really does make me a priority, even though you may not be able to see it just then, is an enormous comfort.
One of the things I find disappointing in some of the pop criticism is there’s a thing called rhetoric. It’s the art of persuasion when you’re writing. That doesn’t mean debating, it just means all the tricks that you use to get people to read what you’re writing and, in theory, come around to your way of thinking. You can be very mundane, dry, and legal, or you can debate and have fun. What I try to do is I try to alternate between outrageousness and charming, and self-deprecation and pompousness… not pompousness but just saying things from on high but then a couple lines later being kind of humble, or saying, “I used to think this but I was wrong.”
The Alabama Ethics Commission last week found Bentley probably violated ethics and campaign finance laws after it completed an investigation into allegations that he used public funds to conceal his relationship with Rebekah Mason, a senior adviser who later resigned.
Inverted cards: since inverted cards usually carry a negative meaning I tend to see them as the thrill of the tarot reading. Some readers do not inverse the cards, but I need some potential for bad news. Though one of my ground rules is that even bad news is good news. The whole purpose is to inspire a sense of the heroic in the querent, so to give bad news is to find the silver lining.
It immediately stands out to me that in spite of my random selection I have found a ton of Major Arcana in my reading. It is unusual since most of teh deck is minor arcana, I only have two minor arcana in this reading.
To this day, I find her writings paradoxically attractive. I am a Christian Hedonist. This is partly why her work is alluring to me. She had her own brand of hedonism. It was not traditional hedonism that says whatever gives you pleasure is right. Hers was far more complex than that. It seems so close and yet so far to what I find in the Bible. So in this essay, my goals are to introduce Ayn Rand, to describe briefly her impact as a novelist and philosopher, and to assess her ethical theory from a Christian perspective—specifically from the perspective of Christian Hedonism. Though the original form of this essay was written almost thirty years ago, I have had to change very little.
But at the grassroots level, the story of Ayn Rand’s impact was different. All over the country, Randian enthusiasts discussed her books with an almost religious fervor. They still do in 2007. In business luncheons and dormitory bull sessions and neighborhood conversations, the glories of John Galt, Howard Roark, and Leo Kovalensky (Rand’s three heroes) were extolled, and the philosophy they embodied was applied to American culture. Typical conversion stories would include the following. A student recalls, “I was born a Catholic, but I just can’t believe in the gaudiness and fanciness of the Catholic church. I like Howard Roark’s worship of man much better.” A coed in the Midwest who didn’t say what church she had formerly belonged to remarked proudly, “It was only a few weeks after I read Atlas Shrugged that I left the church.”22 A Manhattan retail store executive described his experience after reading The Fountainhead: “I had found my spiritual home.”23 How much Ayn Rand’s philosophy had grown up from the grassroots into the minds of those with governmental power was hard to say. But in September, 1974, Time reported that Alan Greenspan, the Chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers, was a longtime friend and disciple of Ayn Rand.24
Happiness, for Ayn Rand, “is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction” (VS, 29). On the basis of this definition, I am willing to say yes to the following sentence: “The achievement of his own happiness is man’s highest moral purpose” (VS, 27). The meaning of this sentence is not that a feeling is exalted above the nature of reality in guiding our choices. The sentence rests on the conviction that reality is such that true happiness—“non-contradictory joy”—is the inevitable outcome of a life devoted to the principle that A is A, and that there is no true joy to be found in faking reality in any way. For the rational man, the aim to be happy is the aim to realize his values, and the aim to realize his values is the aim to live as a man, and the aim to live as a man is an effort to take reality seriously, to respond properly to the axiom A is A, Man is Man (FNI, 125; AS, 942). I cannot fault the basic validity of this approach to ethics. It is my own, as far as it goes.
You open up a traditional translation of the Quran, and you will find that it would usually translate characteristics of believers such as “Saliheen” (For ex. 2:62) and “Muttaqeen” (For ex. 2:2) as “Righteous people”. My problem with “righteous” is that it is too bland – too generic. Righteousness is a broad term. What aspect of righteousness, I would ask?
The “crawlers” Johnson mentioned are essentially programs that detect file formats like GIFs and Vine videos. When they find something that matches their content, they can automatically have the content removed from a site or social network. That first requires the cooperation of the site itself.
No. The LA Times reports that Magarief was mistaken: “The assault on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi last month appears to have been an opportunistic attack rather than a long-planned operation, and intelligence agencies have found no evidence that it was ordered by Al Qaeda, according to U.S. officials and witnesses interviewed in Libya…The attack was ‘carried out following a minimum amount of planning,’ said a U.S. intelligence official…A second U.S. official added, ‘There isn’t any intelligence that the attackers pre-planned their assault days or weeks in advance.’ Most of the evidence so far suggests that ‘the attackers launched their assault opportunistically after they learned about the violence at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo’ earlier that day, the official said.”
The first is the Hudson River Bulkhead. Throughout the 19th century, New York was growing as the financial and commercial centre of the United States. Trade was increasing but ships found it difficult to navigate the western shoreline because of varying depths of water in the harbor. In 1870, the first chief engineer of the city’s Department of Docks, Civil War commander, General George B. McClellan, proposed creating a bulkhead to regularize the shoreline. This would allow larger ships to dock at the edge of the island for the first time, as opposed to at the piers and wharves hundreds of feet away from the shore. The Bulkhead effectively opened up Manhattan’s edges to the world of seagoing commerce. Over the next six decades, engineers built the Hudson River Bulkhead, which came to extend over three miles from the Battery to West 59th Street.
Warren Reiss, maritime historian and archaeologist at the University of Maine, said that even after extensive research, there are several things baffling archaeologists. Dubbed the S.S. World Trade Center, Reiss said that there is even uncertainty as to how many masts the ship had. The few clues that we do know about the ship and its purpose have been found in the small objects littered through its remains. Archaeologists have found a small cannon ball and a tiny button belonging to a British infantry unit stationed in New York during the Revolution. It is very likely that the ship was involved in trade.
An entire plethora of items are constantly being unearthed in Lower Manhattan. Only earlier this month, an excavation at South Street Seaport revealed more than a hundred liquor bottles, dating back to the 18th century. They were found 7 feet underground in a 15-foot section at the corner of Fulton and Water Street. With the upcoming demolition of the Art Deco building at 68-74 Trinity Place, who knows what else will be uncovered near the World Trade Center.
The New York Post reported this week that Hunter Biden, 47, is dating Hallie Biden, 43, the widow of his late brother, former Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, who died of brain cancer in May 2015. In a statement to the Post, Hunter Biden said the pair was "incredibly lucky" to have found love and support from one another during a difficult time.
A classic study on this subject was done by the sociologist Seymour Martin Lipset. In a 1959 paper, he demonstrated that while the working class in most countries favors economic liberalism, it also displays an authoritarian streak. Using evidence from surveys, Mr. Lipset found blue-collar workers to be less committed to democratic norms like tolerance for political opponents, preference for rational argumentation over charismatic appeals and support for the rights of ethnic and racial minorities.
She then saw the SUV parked in the middle of the street, obstructing traffic in both directions, Wood said. The engine was running when she got there, which she found odd because she assumed it was either disabled or broken down, he said.
Crutcher did not respond, Wood said, so Shelby ordered him again to get his hand out of his pocket. He then pulled his hand away and put his hands up in the air, even though he was not instructed to do so, which Shelby found strange, Wood said.
Mr. Tillis found a way to turn his speech impediment into an asset by using his ready smile and innate comedic timing to get his audiences to laugh along with him. He stuttered his way to regular appearances on television talk shows and to clowning bit parts in Hollywood movies.
On Wednesday, the California Highway Patrol stopped a speeding vehicle in Fairfield and found Young inside. The CHP arrested him on the Marin warrant and for alleged vehicle code violations.
The car was not the same vehicle used in the bank robbery, but police found the suspected getaway car at Young’s residence.
Police did not disclose whether other incriminating evidence was found at the residence.
The investigators found that seven of the high dose and two of the low dose volunteers produced T-cell immune responses, which may be important in protection against Ebola viruses.
Authorities identified the suspect as a journalist who had been fired from the station in 2013. Hours later and hundreds of miles away, he ran off the road and a trooper found him with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. He died at a hospital later Wednesday.
Although managers and researchers have invested considerable effort into understanding corporate social responsibility (CSR), less is known about corporate social irresponsibility (CSiR). Drawing on strategic leadership and moral licensing research, we address this gap by considering the relationship between CSR and CSiR. We predict that prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR because the moral credits achieved through CSR enable leaders to engage in less ethical stakeholder treatment. Further, we hypothesize that leaders’ moral identity symbolization, or the degree to which being moral is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior, will moderate the CSR–CSiR relationship, such that the relationship will be stronger when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Through an archival study of 49 Fortune 500 firms, we find support for our hypotheses.
In 2008, the CEO of British Petroleum (BP), Tony Hayward, announced that BP's safety record, which was one of his key foci as head of BP, was “now among the best in our industry” (BP, 2008). Under his leadership, BP ran operational safety training sessions for its employees and encouraged a culture of safety in an effort to attend to key stakeholders such as employees, the community, and the environment (Kolmar, 2007). However, in 2010, the Deepwater Horizon explosion shattered BP's positive safety record when managers missed key safety warning signs, resulting in the loss of 11 lives and creating the worst offshore oil spill in United States history (Jervis & Levin, 2010; Rogers, 2010). Moreover, Hayward's reaction to the spill was seen as cold and perceived as minimizing BP's responsibility for the spill as well as the environmental damage to the Gulf of Mexico (Korosec, 2010; Zarroli, 2010). Following from such instances of corporate wrongdoing, business practitioners and academics have dedicated increased attention to firms’ corporate social responsibility (CSR), which refers to firm behavior that goes beyond compliance or legal requirements to provide some social good (McWilliams & Siegel, 2001). One prominent approach to understanding CSR is the stakeholder approach in which a firm is deemed socially responsible when its actions attend to the interests of not only its shareholders but also other firm stakeholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007). Drawing on this stakeholder approach, researchers have focused on understanding the antecedents and consequences of CSR. For instance, top management team (TMT) demographics, values, sociocognitive traits, and firm attributes such as decentralization of decision making and research and development expenditures have all been identified as important antecedents to a firm's ability to manage the needs of multiple stakeholders (e.g., McWilliams & Siegel, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1994, 1995; Waldman et al., 2006; Wong, Ormiston, & Tetlock, 2011). In turn, research indicates that, on average, CSR is positively related to firm financial performance (for a review, see Margolis & Walsh, 2003; Orlitzky, Schmidt, & Rynes, 2003). Although this research has advanced our understanding of CSR, several important questions remain. First, although we have a better understanding of CSR and its benefits (e.g., increased firm financial performance), past research has rarely considered the negative consequences of engaging in CSR. Relatedly, we have less of an understanding of corporate social irresponsibility (CSiR; Lange & Washburn, 2012), which refers to actions that negatively impact the interests of stakeholders (Strike, Gao, & Bansal, 2006). The limited research on CSiR has considered how CSiR and CSR are related, with research finding that they can occur concurrently (e.g., Strike et al., 2006) or that CSiR is offset by subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For instance, Chatterji and Toffel (2010) found that firms that received negative environmental ratings subsequently improved their environmental performance. Although such research helps us to better understand the relationship between CSiR and subsequent CSR, it does not consider whether CSR influences later CSiR. Returning to the BP example at the beginning of this paper, this literature provides little guidance to understanding the conditions under which BP's socially responsible behavior (i.e., increasing its safety record) might have subsequently increased its less responsible behavior (i.e., ignoring safety warnings and minimizing BP's responsibility). Second, studies examining CSR and CSiR have generally provided a firm‐level perspective of this relationship. However, given that strategic leaders (i.e., CEO and the senior executives who belong to the TMT) make strategic decisions about CSR, it is surprising how few studies explore the effect of top leaders on CSR (but see Thomas & Simerly, 1995; Wong et al., 2011), and only one study to our knowledge theorizes that strategic leaders affect CSiR actions (Pearce & Manz, 2011). Further, few researchers approach CSR from a social psychological perspective (Rupp, Williams, & Aquilera, 2011), even though applying these theories could elucidate when leaders’ personal characteristics influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Therefore, important questions remain as to whether and when leaders influence the relationship between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we address these questions by examining the relationship between CSR and CSiR. First, we study whether prior CSR affects subsequent CSiR. We approach this question through the lens of strategic leadership, which suggests that leaders influence organizational strategy and in turn firm outcomes (e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996) such as CSR and CSiR. Specifically, we focus on the effects of strategic leaders’ psychological processes on CSiR. We draw on moral licensing research to argue that top leaders who have previously implemented CSR strategies will glean moral credits from this past behavior, which leads them to develop a strategy that mistreats firm's stakeholders. Second, we consider the moderating role of leader characteristics on this relationship. Although moral licensing research consistently shows a positive relationship between moral behavior and subsequent immoral behavior, recent research suggests that this relationship may be affected by individual differences (Mulder & Aquino, in press; Zhong, Ku, Lount, & Murnighan, 2010). One relevant individual difference is moral identity symbolization, or the degree to which being moral is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (Aquino & Reed, 2002). We argue that leaders’ moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Our study furthers research on strategic leadership, CSR, moral licensing, and moral identity by examining the effect of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR in publicly traded firms.
The Influence of Prior Corporate Social Responsibility on Corporate Social Irresponsibility Over the past few decades, firm stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and employees, have put increasing pressure on firms to manage their interests; in other words, firms are increasingly expected to heed the calls of their multiple stakeholders. When firms are able to successfully manage these myriad demands, they are deemed socially responsible (Freeman, 1984). As business practitioners’ demands and academics’ understanding of CSR have become finer grained, so too have the definitions of CSR. Greenwood (2007) suggests CSR exists along a continuum anchored at one end by firms that actively engage with and act in the interest of varied stakeholders (i.e., are responsible) and anchored at the other end by firms that have more limited interactions with and may act in the interest of only powerful stakeholders (i.e., are irresponsible). Others have argued that although responsibility and irresponsibility are related constructs, they are distinct and thus should not be considered as opposite ends of the same continuum (Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Oikonomou, Brooks, & Pavelin, 2012; Strike et al., 2006). This more recent distinction between CSR and CSiR highlights that they both involve action toward stakeholders and that firms can potentially engage in both CSR and CSiR. We adopt this view and consider stakeholder management to involve both CSR, or actions that attend to the interests of multiple stakeholders beyond just shareholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007), as well as CSiR, or actions that negatively affect stakeholders (Strike et al., 2006). Examples of CSR include charitable giving within a community, providing employees flexible work arrangements such as flextime, and ensuring the quality of consumer goods. Examples of CSiR include actions that have resulted in controversies concerning the firm's economic impact on the community, gender discrimination, and designing and selling unsafe products and services (Kaptein, 2008). In short, the more positive actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially responsible a firm is deemed, whereas the more negative actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially irresponsible a firm is deemed (Strike et al., 2006). Given these distinctions between CSR and CSiR, a growing body of research has sought to understand and clarify their relationship. In a first examination of the CSR–CSiR relationship, Strike and colleagues (2006) found that international diversification led to both CSR and CSiR, suggesting that firms could simultaneously be responsible and irresponsible toward their stakeholders. Additional evidence for this relationship can be drawn from Mattingly and Berman (2006), who found that environmental CSR was positively correlated with concurrent environmental CSiR. They noted, “perhaps firms that tend to adopt environmentally friendly programs are often those that tend also to cause harm or to extract from it” (p. 34) and suggested that further research into this positive correlation between CSR and CSiR was needed. Other research finds that socially irresponsible behavior (i.e., CSiR) sets the stage for subsequent socially responsible behavior (i.e., CSR; e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For example, Muller and Kräussl (2011) found that companies with poor social reputations were more likely to make disaster relief donations after Hurricane Katrina than were companies with positive social reputations. The key argument underlying these studies is that firms offset their negative reputation by engaging in CSR. Although this research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of why CSiR influences CSR, researchers have yet to explore whether the opposite relationship occurs such that CSR influences CSiR. In addition, although previous research on the link between CSR and CSiR has primarily taken a firm‐level approach, we propose that a more micro‐level approach would be useful to disentangle the linkages between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we draw upon strategic leadership theory and psychological licensing research to examine the role of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR. Below, we briefly review these approaches. With regard to the strategic leadership approach, one fundamental tenet is that leaders (e.g., the CEO and senior executives who comprise the TMT) typically make decisions regarding the firm's strategic direction, including social performance policies (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Hambrick & Mason, 1984; Thomas & Simerly, 1994; Wood, 1991). Thus, we approach our understanding of how CSR relates to CSiR through an examination of the ways in which leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR relate to their subsequent CSiR decisions. Research on psychological licensing can help us understand how leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR can influence later CSiR. Psychological licensing refers to perceiving that one can behave in a potentially socially undesirable way without fear of discrediting his or her self‐image (Miller & Effron, 2010). Whether an individual feels licensed or not is based on one's past behavior (Monin & Miller, 2001). For instance, having been a healthy eater for 11 months out of the year, one may feel licensed to indulge during the holiday season. In this way, one can still feel as though they are a healthy person because the 11 months of healthy eating bolsters one's self‐image and, therefore, diminishes the risk of discrediting him‐ or herself as an unhealthy person. The concept of licensing in moral domains (termed moral licensing) is germane to our focus on CSiR. Moral licensing is the psychological process that leads people to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. According to moral licensing research, people desire to maintain a positive moral image not only to others but also to themselves (Mazar, Amir, & Ariely, 2008; Monin & Jordan, 2009; Monin & Miller, 2001). Therefore, they want to avoid engaging in actions that are morally discrediting or that signal to themselves or others that they are unethical (Monin & Miller, 2001). As in the case of general psychological licensing, when determining if an action will be morally discrediting, people look to their past behavior, and if “people can call to mind previous instances of their own socially desirable or morally laudable behaviors, they will feel more comfortable taking actions that could be seen as socially undesirable or morally questionable” (Miller & Effron, 2010, p. 118). A number of studies have shown that moral behavior leads to morally questionable behavior at the individual level. In one of the first demonstrations of this effect, Monin and Miller (2001) found that people who were given the opportunity to disagree with sexist statements (e.g., “Most women are better off at home taking care of the children”) were subsequently more likely to make a sexist decision about who to recruit for a manufacturing job. Monin and Miller termed this process of non‐prejudiced attitudes (i.e., socially desirable behavior) subsequently leading to prejudiced attitudes (i.e., morally questionable behavior) as “moral licensing.” This study highlights that moral licensing is domain specific such that engaging in moral behavior in one domain leads to immoral behavior in the same domain. Although a large body of research has demonstrated the domain‐specific nature of moral licensing, recent research also shows non‐domain specific moral licensing can occur such that being ethical in one domain licenses a person to be less ethical in another domain. Mazar and Zhong (2010) show that prior moral behavior (i.e., environmentalism) can lead to morally questionable behavior (i.e., giving less to charity) as well as clearly immoral behavior (i.e., lying in order to receive a greater payout). As applied to our research, these studies are important in that, first, moral licensing is argued to have occurred when moral behavior leads to either morally questionable behavior or clearly immoral behavior, and second, it can be either domain or nondomain specific. Not only does one's own past moral behavior license someone to subsequently engage in immoral behavior, but moral licensing research finds that people use the actions of their ingroup, or similar others, as a guide for their own future behavior. Drawing on research on identity and vicarious self‐concept theory (Goldstein & Cialdini, 2007), Kouchaki (2011) suggested that people incorporate aspects of important others into their own self‐concept and use others’ moral behavior to define who they are. Consequently, when ingroup members behave in a moral manner, individuals internalize this moral behavior as their own and feel licensed to engage in morally questionable behavior. The previously discussed findings on moral licensing give rise to the question of why people feel licensed to engage in immoral behavior after previously engaging in socially desirable behavior. One reason may be that moral behavior is like a monetary currency (or creates moral credits) that can be banked and then drawn on when one engages in less moral behavior (Sachdeva, Iliev, & Medin, 2009). Nisan's (1990, 1991) moral balance model first discussed this notion of moral credits, arguing that individuals aim to maintain moral balance (i.e., balance between good and bad deeds) and use past behavior to determine their balance. After a person feels he or she has engaged in enough moral behavior to achieve moral balance, they are subsequently more likely to engage in immoral behavior. This inconsistent behavior (i.e., immoral behavior after moral behavior) is thought to stem from people's tendency toward self‐interest (desire to be less moral) on the one hand and their tendency to behave according to social norms (desire to appear moral) on the other hand (Beruchashvili, Gentry, & Price, 2006; Nisan, 1990; Sachdeva et al., 2009). In a series of survey studies, Nisan (1991) found support for the moral balance model. We draw on Nisan's moral balance argument to suggest that, after making strategic CSR decisions, leaders are more likely to engage in unethical behavior because of the moral credits they believe they have accumulated. In summary, this past research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of moral licensing at the individual level within experimental settings; however, researchers have not explored whether and when moral licensing occurs within organizational contexts. The importance of studying moral licensing in an organizational context can be drawn from a recent study by Castilla and Benard (2010), which examined gender discrimination. In a set of scenario studies they found that meritocratic organizational values led participants to make gender‐biased decisions about bonuses. Castilla and Benard were not explicitly speaking to moral licensing research; however, their findings are in line with this research area and warrant further investigation of moral licensing at the organizational level. Although research has yet to examine moral licensing at the organizational level, we propose that, because top leaders influence firms’ strategic decision‐making processes (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Finkelstein, Hambrick, & Cannella, 2009), the implementation of a CSR strategy will license them to engage in organizational wrongdoing. Specifically, given that people desire to appear moral, top leaders may feel pressure to develop socially responsible strategies that consider the needs of multiple stakeholders. The development and implementation of a CSR strategy may help leaders create a moral image of themselves and their firm, and ultimately provide a sense of accumulated moral credits. For instance, prior to the Enron scandal, former CEO Kenneth Lay endowed chaired positions at universities as well as donated vast amounts of money to charity (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). Indeed, “upon his taking the helm of the corporate merger that resulted in Enron, Lay became a big player in the charitable and philanthropic environment of Houston, the state, and the nation” (Non‐Profit Quarterly, 2006). Such behavior on the part of the leader builds his social responsibility credits, which may license him to commit socially irresponsible behavior in the future. In other words, top leaders may feel that when they have acquired moral credits through a CSR strategy that balances the needs of multiple stakeholders, they can then put forth a strategy that cuts corners or is potentially harmful to stakeholders. A second route that prior CSR could lead to CSiR is through employees’ reactions to their leader's previous CSR strategy. Recall that when a person feels strongly identified with another individual or group, he or she internalizes their past moral behavior and subsequently is more likely to engage in unethical behavior (Kouchaki, 2011). Applied to organizations, employees who identify with their organizational leaders may feel that the prior CSR strategy set by these leaders licenses them to be less careful in their relationship with stakeholders. For example, recall Hayward's implementation of a safety culture at BP. BP employees may have felt that Hayward's actions and more broadly the firm's reputation for being safety conscious carried over to them and they may subsequently have been less careful about monitoring key safety warning signs. In sum, we argue that top leaders are in charge of making key strategic decisions that influence firm outcomes and that when they implement a CSR strategy it helps them accrue moral credits. These moral credits allow them to be less vigilant toward managing stakeholder needs or even engage in unethical behavior without discrediting themselves or their organization. Moreover, employees may feel licensed to engage in unethical behavior toward stakeholders because they have categorized their leader as part of their ingroup and internalized their past CSR action. Formally, we propose: Hypothesis 1: Prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR.
The Influence of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on the CSR–CSiR Relationship Although moral licensing research has found that individuals are generally inclined to engage in morally questionable behavior after having engaged in socially desirable behavior, this process runs counter to the fundamental psychological finding that people desire consistency in their beliefs and behaviors (Audia, Locke, & Smith, 2000; Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Thus, recent calls to examine when licensing occurs and whether some people remain consistent in their moral behavior across time have been issued (Merritt, Effron, & Monin, 2010). In other words, it is important to understand when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency. Some boundary conditions to moral licensing have been suggested, with Mulder and Aquino (in press), for instance, proposing that an individual difference, moral identity, influences the consistency of moral behavior across time. Moral identity is the extent to which being moral is central to one's sense of self (Aquino & Reed, 2002; Blasi, 1984). It is comprised of two components: internalization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is central to one's sense of self and is privately expressed, and symbolization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (e.g., Aquino & Reed, 2002; Mayer, Aquino, Greenbaum, & Kuenzi, 2012; Reed & Aquino, 2003). Given our focus on leader moral action (e.g., CSR strategy implementation), rather than the leader's internal moral state, we examine how leader moral identity symbolization affects the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Individuals higher on moral identity symbolization engage in activities and behaviors that signal to others that they are moral beings. These individuals may signal their morality through actions because of a genuine desire to communicate the importance of their moral identity. Alternatively, they may engage in moral behaviors because of a self‐interested desire to present themselves in the most positive light as well as manage others’ impressions of them (Bolino, 1999; Goffman, 1959; Winterich, Aquino, Mittal, & Swartz, 2012). In other words, individuals high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral actions to either highlight their true morality or instead to mislead people about the value they place on morality (i.e., their moral actions may be insincere). Conversely, individuals who are lower on moral identity symbolization make little effort to signal to others that morality is important to them and may even engage in behavior that signals that morality is not valued.1 To formulate our arguments regarding the impact of a leader's moral identity symbolization on the CSR–CSiR relationship, we draw upon Mulder and Aquino's (in press) study that examined the role of moral identity internalization in the relationship between past and subsequent moral action. They found that individuals high on moral identity internalization were less likely to donate money to a charity after previously telling the truth than were individuals low on moral identity internalization who instead remained consistent in their behavior (i.e., they donated money to a charity after previously telling the truth). To explain these seemingly counterintuitive effects, Mulder and Aquino draw on control theory (Carver & Scheier, 1982; Weiner, 1948) to suggest that attaining a moral standard (i.e., a goal of being moral) is more important for individuals high on moral identity internalization than for individuals low on moral identity internalization. When individuals high on moral identity internalization have not met, or, conversely, have surpassed their moral standard, they engage in “discrepancy reduction efforts” (Karoly, 1993, p. 33) to achieve balance between their current and desired moral state. And when individuals high on moral identity internalization have met their moral standard (i.e., satisfied their goal), they focus on other goals, even goals that may result in less ethical behavior. Mulder and Aquino suggest that these efforts to meet a moral standard are what results in either moral cleansing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in immoral behavior) or moral licensing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in moral behavior). Although Mulder and Aquino (in press) studied moral identity internalization, their findings provide a foundation for thinking about the role of moral identity symbolization in the CSR–CSiR relationship. We draw upon their consideration of control theory to explore how moral identity symbolization affects the CSR–CSiR relationship. Recall that moral identity symbolization may or may not accurately reflect a person's internalized moral identity. In other words, an individual who is high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral action simply to present him‐ or herself in a positive light and to manage others’ impressions of them. Therefore, we argue that those high on moral identity symbolization may be more focused on monitoring their behavior to determine if they have accumulated enough moral credits than will those who are low on moral identity symbolization. Further, they will look for signals in their environment that communicate whether they have gleaned enough moral credits to appear moral or not. Given that Mulder and Aquino (in press) find that referencing one's past actions is central to guiding future behavior, one key signal for leaders is prior CSR. First, we consider the case of high levels of prior CSR. High levels of past CSR should signal to leaders with high moral identity symbolization that they have met their moral standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, these leaders will perceive that their past symbolic gestures of morality (i.e., prior CSR) have bolstered their moral credits. As such, this goal of appearing moral will be less accessible or active for leaders high on moral identity symbolization, causing them to engage in fewer symbolic acts that signal their moral image to others. Instead, they may attend to other goals that may have been ignored (e.g., shareholder wealth), potentially resulting in unethical stakeholder management (e.g., harming the environment in an effort to increase profits for shareholders). Alternatively, comparing their current state to a moral standard will not be as important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization. Instead, they are likely to focus on other goals that are more central to their self‐definition. Therefore, leaders low on moral identity symbolization will not be as reactive to past CSR and instead will be more likely to remain consistent in their strategies toward stakeholders, irrespective of past CSR. Next, we consider the case of low levels of prior CSR. In this case, leaders with strong moral identity symbolization will feel that their current state does not meet their standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, they have not accrued enough moral credits to satiate their need to appear moral to themselves and others. Past research finds that when an individual's moral identity is threatened, and thus the desire to meet this moral standard is heightened, he or she will engage in ways to self‐symbolize a positive moral image (Burke, 1991; Skarlicki, Van Jaarsveld, & Walker, 2008). We predict that leaders high on moral identity symbolization may be more likely to attend to this signal and actively work to be viewed as socially responsible by stakeholders. One way in which this may occur is through reduced wrongdoing toward stakeholders. For example, the CEO may publicly communicate to employees that wrongdoing toward stakeholders is unacceptable. On the other hand, as mentioned above, because appearing moral will be less important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization they will engage in the same level of CSiR, irrespective of past CSR. Hypothesis 2: Moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization.
Method Sample We tested our predictions in a business context using a sample consisting of 49 publicly traded Fortune 500 organizations. The organizations examined in this paper were taken from a larger study examining the relationships among CEO characteristics, TMT processes, and firm performance during the time period 1996–2002 (see Wong et al., 2011, for details on the sampling process). Following Wong and her colleagues (2011), because of the qualitative nature of this study, we only examined firms from the 2002 Fortune 500 list that had a reasonable amount of media coverage (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period). From this process, the list was narrowed to 65 firms. For each of these 65 firms we then collected articles in the business press and books that described the behavior and personality of each firm's CEO. In order to be included in the sample, there needed to be sufficient information on the CEO to be able to complete an assessment using the California Adult Q‐sort, a forced distribution methodology that allows description of a person using first and third party data (CAQ; Block, 1961; Peterson, Smith, Martorana, & Owens, 2003). We used similar guidelines as those used to collect articles for previous at‐a‐distance research (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period; Peterson et al., 2003; Tetlock, Peterson, McGuire, Chang, & Feld, 1992; Wong et al., 2011). This narrowed our sample to 55 CEOs. Finally, we collected CSR and CSiR data on each firm. Due to missing data, our final sample included 49 organizations. For the organizations that had multiple CEOs during the 1996–2002 time period, we selected those CEOs who were in office during the latter part of our time period.2 The organizations in our sample represented a range of industries (e.g., retail, computer manufacturing) and had an average of $4.0 billion in sales and 138,429 full‐time employees. Examples of organizations in our sample include International Business Machines, Inc., Nike, Inc., and PepsiCo, Inc. Measures Independent variable: CSR Our measure of CSR was obtained from Kinder, Lydenberg, Domini Inc.'s (KLD) social ratings, which is a commonly used measure of CSR that is considered to be a comprehensive measure of multiple stakeholders’ needs (e.g., Agle, Mitchell, & Sonnefeld, 1999; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Strike et al., 2006). KLD ratings examine both positive action (i.e., strengths) and negative action (i.e., concerns) toward a variety of stakeholders. It should be noted that CSR is often measured as an aggregate of the KLD scores that subtracts KLD concerns from KLD strengths (Graves & Waddock, 1994; Hillman & Keim, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1995). However, recent research has suggested that KLD strengths and KLD concerns should be examined separately (e.g., Kacperczyk, 2009; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Strike et al., 2006). Following Strike and colleagues (2006), we utilize KLD strengths to measure CSR and KLD concerns to measure CSiR. The KLD strength ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's strengths along seven key stakeholder benchmarks (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights). Each benchmark is composed of multiple sub‐indicators. For each of these sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR strength. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR strength is when the organization has a history of strong union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR strength is the organization consistently gives more than 1.5% of its net earnings to charity. To obtain our measure of CSR we averaged each firm's KLD strengths scores for the seven benchmarks (Deckop, Merriman, & Gupta, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). Past research on CSR has found significant industry effects (e.g., Waddock & Graves, 1997), and therefore, following Agle et al. (1999) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSR score for each firm. In this study, we used KLD strengths data from 2001 to 2002 to create our CSR measure. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years. The average CSR score adjusted for industry was .48 (SD = .43). The higher the CSR score the more positive actions a firm engaged in toward its seven stakeholders. Independent variable: Moral identity symbolization The most common method utilized to assess moral identity is self‐report measures of the importance of moral traits in terms of centrality to self‐definition (internalization) as well as the extent to which one's behaviors emblemize these traits (symbolization; Aquino & Reed, 2002). Aquino and Reed (2002) developed a list of nine traits that describe a moral person: caring, compassionate, fair, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and kind. This list of traits is not meant to be exhaustive but rather representative of a moral person. In their study, participants were asked to imagine how a person who represented these traits would think, feel, and act and then respond to five items measuring internalization (e.g., “Being someone who has these characteristics is an important part of who I am”) and five items measuring symbolization through the behaviors, activities, and organizational memberships that reflected these traits (e.g., “I am actively involved in activities that communicate to others that I have these characteristics”). They correlated these self‐report scales with other methods of moral identity assessment including judges’ ratings of morality based on individuals’ descriptions of their personality and found for example that self‐ratings on moral identity symbolization were positively correlated with third party morality ratings (Study 4). Thus, Aquino and Reed not only identify moral identity traits but also indicate that third party observers can reliably assess moral identity symbolization. With regard to our study, because top leaders typically do not submit to lengthy psychological tests (Hambrick, 2007; Sumanth & Cable, 2011), we adapted the measurement method Aquino and Reed (2002) utilized in their fourth study by obtaining judges’ ratings of leaders’ moral identity symbolization based on publicly available information on their personal characteristics (i.e., behavior and personality). Specifically, we employed a Q‐sort methodology. The Q‐sort methodology asks evaluators to observe or read information on a person, group, or organization and then rank a set of statements or items in terms of how characteristic they are of the person (i.e., California Adult Q‐sort; Block, 1961), group (Group Dynamics Q‐sort; Peterson, Owens, Tetlock, Fan, & Martorana, 1998), or organizational culture (Organizational Culture Q‐sort, O'Reilly, Chatman, & Caldwell, 1991). One of the strengths of the Q‐sort methodology is that it combines “the descriptive richness of the qualitative approach with the rigor of a quantitative approach by creating a common data language” (Peterson, Owens, & Martorana, 1999, p. 107) that allows for comparisons among individuals, groups, or organizations across time and situations. Moreover, it is possible to utilize publicly available information to conduct the Q‐sort, thus allowing measurement of individuals or groups that are normally difficult to examine (Peterson et al., 1999). Because we were interested in examining individual leaders, we utilized the California Adult Q‐sort (CAQ; Block, 1961), which is composed of 100 items that describe an individual. Sample items from the CAQ include “Behaves in an assertive fashion; not afraid to express opinions; speaks up to get what s/he wants” and “Has a rapid personal tempo; behaves and acts quickly; is fast‐paced.” Research assistants, who were blind to the study's hypotheses, independently reviewed publicly available interviews and biographies of each CEO in our sample and then rated him/her in terms of each of the 100 items by sorting them into those that were most characteristic and least characteristic of the CEO. Our measure of moral identity symbolization was composed of seven CAQ items that were representative of moral traits (Aquino & Reed, 2002). The seven items of our moral identity symbolization scale were “Is dependable and responsible (CAQ item 2),” “Is giving, generous toward others (regardless of the motivation) (CAQ item 5),” “Behaves in a sympathetic and considerate manner (CAQ item 17),” “Is productive, gets things done (CAQ item 26),” “Has warmth; has capacity for close relationships, compassionate (CAQ item 35),” “Makes moral judgments; judges self and others in terms of right and wrong (regardless of the nature of the moral code, whether traditional or liberal) (CAQ item 41),” and “Behaves ethically; has a personal value system and is faithful to it (CAQ item 70).” These items overlap with Aquino and Reed's (2002) traits of caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and fair. For instance, Aquino and Reed's traits caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, and helpful relate to the CAQ items that focus on warmth, capacity for close relationships, sympathetic, considerate, and giving. Aquino and Reed's trait hardworking relates to the CAQ items that focus on being dependable and responsible, and being productive. Finally, Aquino and Reed's traits fair and honest can be seen in the CAQ items that mention morality and ethical behavior. The mean moral identity symbolization score was 6.68 (SD = .75) and was highly reliable (α = .81). The specific procedure for the CAQ is as follows. We first collected qualitative information on each CEO in our sample from books as well as the business press. To compile these information packets we searched for interviews, speeches, biographies, and autobiographies in the business press (e.g., Business Week, Fortune, and Forbes) and books that discussed the CEO's background, behaviors and personality. Each packet included biographies on the CEO from Marquis Biographies and the International Directory of Business Biographies, as well as multiple articles or interviews from the varied sources mentioned above. Articles or book chapters had to be at least 1,000 words in length to be included in the packet. Packets (i.e., total pages of articles) were required to be at a minimum 20 pages and at a maximum 50 pages (procedure adapted from Peterson et al., 2003). Research assistants were trained in a series of sessions. They were asked to read through a CEO's packet and write in the margins or mark areas that seemed of particular significance to the CAQ items. After reading through the packet, research assistants were asked to describe the CEO along the 100 CAQ items. Research assistants were told to rely on the information from the packet when making their assessments and disregard any prior knowledge or preconceived notions of the CEO. The specific procedure is as follows: Research assistants began the process by sorting the cards into three stacks, starting with Item 1. Each of the 100 CAQ items is presented on a 2×3 card, which was obtained from Mind Garden, Inc. In the first stack, coders placed those cards for which the qualities or traits were least characteristic of the CEO. In the second stack, research assistants placed all cards for which the qualities or traits were moderately characteristic of the CEO. And finally, the third stack included all cards for which the qualities or traits were most characteristic of the CEO. For this initial card sort, the research assistants were told that no attention needed to be paid to the number of cards falling into each grouping. Once the three stacks had been established, the coders were then told to further differentiate the items, or cards, into more categories, placing the least characteristic statements at one end and the most characteristic statements at the other until the items were rank ordered into one of nine categories that ranged from 1 = most uncharacteristic to 9 = most characteristic. Because the CAQ follows a forced distribution, research assistants were told to place fewer cards in the extremes (i.e., only five CAQ items can be rated a 1 and only five CAQ items can be rated 9) and more cards in the center categories (i.e., 18 CAQ items can be rated a 5). This process is advantageous compared to standard scale‐based measurements because it increases interrater reliability as well as the predictive power of the measure. At least two research assistants independently reviewed a CEO's qualitative packet and then individually rated the CEO on the 100 CAQ items. Our interrater reliability on our sample of 49 organizations ranged from α = .71 to α = .97 with an average of α = .84 (SD = .06). Thus, the research assistants’ scores were averaged to create one CAQ sort per CEO. Dependent variable: CSiR As with our measure of CSR, our measure of CSiR was obtained from KLD's CSR ratings, specifically the KLD concerns. The KLD concerns ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's concerning behavior in relation to the same seven key stakeholders (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights), with each stakeholder benchmark composed of several sub‐indicators. For each of the stakeholder benchmark sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR concern. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR concern is when the organization has poor union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR concern is the organization has engaged in controversial behavior that has negatively impacted a community's economics (e.g., reducing property value within a community). Following previous research (e.g., Strike et al., 2006), we averaged the KLD concerns scores along the seven key stakeholder benchmarks to measure CSiR. In addition, we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSiR score for each firm (Agle et al., 1999; Waldman, Siegel, & Javidan, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). In this study, our dependent variable was comprised of KLD concern data from 2003 to 2004 in order to cover the 2 years after the measure of our independent variable (i.e., CSR). However, additional analysis of time lags ranging between 1 and 4 years for our dependent variable indicate the same pattern of results. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years (i.e., 2003 and 2004). The average social irresponsibility score adjusted for industry was .50 (SD = .44). The higher the CSiR score, the more a firm engaged in negative actions toward the seven stakeholders. Control variables Previous research on social responsibility has found that it is related to firm financial performance (e.g., return on assets; see Margolis & Walsh, 2003 for a review). Thus, we control for industry‐adjusted firm financial performance using firm return on assets (Agle et al., 1999) averaged over the sample time period. In addition, following David and colleagues (2007) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we control for industry‐adjusted CSiR over the sample time period. Researchers have also noted the possible effects of firm size, and therefore we control for firm size (log of the average sales over the sample time period; e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1990; Graves & Waddock, 1994; Waddock & Graves, 1997). Following Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we also control for CEO tenure (logged). Finally, because our CAQ packets varied in the number of pages, we control for packet length (in pages, logged). Industry data were collected from Dun & Bradstreet's Industry Norms and Key Business Ratios, firm data were obtained from COMPUSTAT, and data for CEO tenure were obtained from Dun and Bradstreet's Book of Corporate Managements.
Results Table 1 presents the means, standard deviations, and correlations among the study variables. Before analyzing our data, we examined the variance inflation factor (VIF) for all variables in our model to check for multicollinearity. The highest observed VIF score in our study variables was 1.61, which suggests that multicollinearity was not a problem as this value is well below the conventional cutoff of 10.00 (Neter, Wasserman, & Kutner, 1989). Table 1. Descriptive Statistics and Correlations Variables Mean SD 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1. CAQ packet length (in packet length) 3.61 .31 2. CEO tenure (in tenure) 2.84 .90 −.19 3. Firm size (in sales) 23.97 .96 .14 .08 4. Prior return on sales, industry adjusted (1996–2002) 1.66 5.93 −.09 .38* −.10 5. Prior CSiR, industry adjusted (1996–2002) .27 .38 .12 .02 .59** –.15 6. Prior CSR, industry adjusted (2001–2002) .48 .43 .30* −.13 .29* −.15 .31* 7. CEO moral identity symbolization 6.68 .75 −.11 .02 −.11 −.07 −.06 .11 8. CSiR, industry adjusted (2003–2004) .50 .44 .09 .08 .61** −.15 .89** .42** −.01 To test our hypotheses, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR, CEO moral identity symbolization, and their interaction term. Table 2 shows the results of these regressions. In Model 1, the base model, we regressed CSiR on only our control variables: length of the CAQ packet, CEO tenure, firm size, prior firm financial performance, and prior CSiR. The overall model results indicate that the control variables explain approximately 80% of the variance in CSiR. Table 2. Hierarchical Regression Results for Corporate Social Irresponsibility on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and CEO Moral Identity Symbolization Dependent variable: CSiR (2003–2004) Variables Model 1: Base model Model 2: Main effect model Model 3: Full model with interaction Step 1: Control variables CAQ packet length (in packet length) −.02 −.08 −.09 CEO tenure (in tenure) .03 .04 .04 Firm size (in sales) .06 .05 .07 Prior return on sales (1996–2002) −.00 −.00 −.00 Prior CSiR (1996–2002) .92** .88** .83** Step 2: Main effects Prior CSR (2001–2002) .18* −1.34† CEO moral identity symbolization .01 −.08 Step 3: Interaction Prior CSR × CEO moral identity symbolization .22* Overall model R2 .80 .83 .85 Adjusted R2 .78 .80 .82 Change in R2 .03 .02 F statistic for change 3.18* 4.56* Overall F statistic 34.85** 28.33** 27.50** In Model 2, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR and CEO moral identity symbolization. As seen in Step 2 of Model 2, prior CSR has a significant positive relationship with CSiR (ß = .18, p < .05), providing support for Hypothesis 1. Moral identity symbolization has no relationship with CSiR (ß = .01, ns). The overall model results indicate that the control variables, prior CSR, and moral identity symbolization explain approximately 83% of the variance in CSiR (p < .05). In Model 3 we test the prediction that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization (Hypothesis 2). In support of this hypothesis, the interaction between prior CSR and moral identity symbolization is significant (ß = .22, p < .05). Simple slope analyses (Aiken & West, 1991) provide support for our hypothesis by showing that CSiR is positively related to prior CSR among CEOs high on moral identity symbolization (b = .43, SE = .14, t = 3.13, p < .01), whereas CSiR is unrelated to prior CSR among CEOs low on moral identity symbolization (b = –.31, SE = .24, t = –1.29, ns). These simple effects are depicted in Figure 1. This step explains 2% of the incremental variance in CSiR and yields an R2 of .85 (p < .05). Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Moderating Role of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Social Irresponsibility Relationship. Additional Analyses Although our analyses indicate support for our prediction that CSR is positively associated with future CSiR (Hypothesis 1), because previous research has found that CSiR leads to CSR (Kotchen & Moon, 2011), we also tested our data for reverse causality (i.e., CSiR associating with subsequent CSR). We find that past CSiR (2001–2002) is positively related to CSR (2003–2004; r = .33, p < .01). However, when we conduct regression analyses to examine how past CSiR relates to subsequent CSR and control for firm size, past firm financial performance, and past CSR, we do not find support for the reverse causal order (ß = .15, ns) nor do we find support for the interaction between past CSiR and CEO moral identity symbolization predicting subsequent CSR (ß = .03, ns). These results support the theoretical framework upon which we draw (i.e., moral licensing) and provide greater confidence in our finding that CSR predicts CSiR and that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates this relationship.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
Conclusion Although previous research has examined positive effects of CSR such as how it relates to firm financial performance, we argued that it may also be an antecedent to CSiR. We further argued that it is important to consider how leaders affect CSiR because they guide the strategic decision‐making process for CSR initiatives. We find that CSR is positively related to CSiR and that the relationship is stronger for leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than leaders who are low on moral identity symbolization. These findings provide a critical step in understanding the underlying processes that influence CSiR.
Various constructs relate to moral identity symbolization including the aforementioned moral identity internalization (Aquino & Reed, o, o, 2006, for a review)” (Mayer et al., 2 The CEOs in our sample were in office for the majority of our time period, which was 1996–2002 (i.e., in office for 3.5 years or more). Eleven CEOs out of the 49 CEOs included in our study were in office for fewer than 3.5 years (i.e., nine CEOs were in office for 3 years of the 1996–2002 time period and two CEOs were in office for 2 years of the 1996–2002 time period). These 11 CEOs’ tenures occurred in the latter part of our time period (i.e., 2000–2002) and thus during the independent variable's time period (2001–2002) as well as closer to the dependent variable's time period (2003–2004). When we exclude these 11 CEOs from our analyses, we find the same pattern of results.
In his work Ben is a huge advocate of personalising the approach to an individuals nutrition and applies the same logic to rugby. As a sport full of individuals compromising of all shapes and sizes it is essential to find an approach that works best for you rather than looking for a “cookie cutter” solution for an entire squad. Even amongst the different body types within a team players roles will vary greatly, for example whilst some may rely on strength and power others may focus more on speed and agility. It is therefore essential to alter your diet to match these particular goals.
As well as looking out for weight loss/gain whilst you train and play as an indicator of the success of your diet, there are also a number of other key indicators you can monitor. Think about whether you find yourself having slumps after meals or even feeling bloated and generally pretty crappy. If so it’s likely you may have food intolerances, for example to gluten. If so then think about cutting this particular element out of your diet temporarily to see the effect it has on your body.
You’ll all be glad to hear that Ben isn’t tee-total when it comes to getting your fitness and nutrition right. He advocates a 90/10 split in your diet as if you get it right 90% of the time your body should be able to deal with the other 10% and still maintain the kind of composition your are looking for. So don’t feel too guilty for that pint and curry after a game on a Saturday, without it you might struggle to stick to your healthy eating the rest of the time. Just be careful that you don’t start to go beyond the 90/10 split as the more the two figures start to come together the harder you’re going to find it to maintain your body composition.
As you can see potentially there’s a huge amount to consider when trying to get into the right kind of shape for rugby but with the right amount of prep and planning your health and fitness goals are attainable. It is all down to the individual so play around with your diet and find what works for you. This isn’t rocket science but it is clear that for a lot of people there needs to be a huge shift in mentality.
The thing Ben made most apparent for me was how wrong a lot of health advice out there is. For years the mantra particularly of Government backed advice is that all fat is bad, well if you want a counter argument for that just look at Ben. He’s in great shape and has a diet that isn’t restrictive and is full of healthy fats allowing him to play and train on a pretty much daily basis. His tip about a magnesium supplement should also come in pretty handy this season as I find myself spending more time than I would probably like to in the front row.
Lots of people have asked me to comment since the report. I first got involved with Bletchley Park in 2003 and started a campaign to save it in 2008 when I found out that they were having financial difficulties. I’m currently writing a book Saving Bletchley Park about the campaign, the people involved, what we did, what worked and what didn’t.
One of the things that has disturbed and dismayed me from the start has been the fact that despite seeming to want, at a high level, the same thing, the two trusts BPT and TNMOC have never seemed to be able to work well together. I have never quite understood this. Practically everyone that I have ever spoken to, involved in either trust, has been a good person who obviously wants the right thing to happen. They have all seemed to have the long term interest of Bletchley Park’s future in mind and to want the best for the whole site. Why then are we in the situation we find ourselves in today where the two trusts seem to be at loggerheads?
Thanks for the ride. You’ll find me still writing and commenting on social media such as my Twitter and Facebook accounts and here. And, increasingly, shepherding our Honey Bee Zen Apiaries, producing fine B.C. honey.
So surely, those who suffered horrendous miscarriages of justice would at least receive compensation? Not a murmur! Not even an apology! Worse still, I'd like to bet 19 out of 20 people still believe 6 million Jews died in the Holocaust! It matters not that the official figure has been revised. This is the beauty of owning the media - YOU MAKE THE NEWS! Not one Zionist has been made to answer for this outrageous lie even though they've been well and truly found out. They know if they impose a blanket boycott on a news item, even one that in normal circumstances would qualify as a fully-fledged front page headline, it's almost as if it never happened. And the Chutzpah that's derived from this ungodly power to pull the wool over everyone's eyes - it's business as usual - full steam ahead! The Zionists won't stop. Sure enough, now they have the gall to coerce the UN into initiating a universal ban on anti-Semitism! This is beyond the pale. Freedom of speech is a fundamental right. Our right! Laws justifiably are designed to punish wrong-doing ie human actions. Anyone responsible for ushering in a law that curtails thought or speech IS A CRIMINAL - PERIOD!
We are fast-approaching a point where we could well find ourselves living in a world where criticizing the greatest criminals on the planet, indeed the greatest gangsters ever, is a criminal offense! I know it sounds crazy but diabolical as it may seem, this is what the Zionists want more than anything. Why? Because the Internet threw an almighty spanner in the works. Suddenly, their control over the flow of information, painstakingly acquired over 150 years, hadn't just been breached; it had been ruptured! The internet was a phenomenon. Type in a few words and hey presto - all the information you need is there. Not that initiated folk weren't aware of corporate media lies. The Internet though allowed us to discover what we weren't being told. As a result, the past 10 years has seen mainstream news channels all over the world haemorrhage viewers. No one watches CNN anymore. If it was down to money, they'd have shut up shop years ago. Trouble is they can't do that. It would be the mother of all show outs! Their only option was to soldier on, smile as if everything's sweet, never give any inkling their news channels are ironing out absolute lumps. All they could do was tell even bigger lies. They had to, because now we're on the clock.
Dry Counties Have Higher DWI Fatality Rates Dry counties have higher DWI or DUI fatality rates than wet counties. That is, alcohol prohibition or dry counties have higher rates of alcohol-related traffic deaths than do wet counties. Here are the results from three states. There are many examples. Here are three. I. Arkansas A study of all counties in Arkansas found dry […] Read More
This is the third response sent by the “malicious” DNS server. It is another malformed packet which is carrying the payload. JUMPSEC researcher has modified the Google POC code to identify the the number of bytes to cause a segmentation fault (possibly overwriting the RET address) of the buffer. It is found that the RET address is being overwritten on the 2079th byte. With the addition of return_to_libc technique, an attacker can bypass OS protection such as NX bit or ASLR and perform remote code execution.
JUMPSEC has also tested it on a few other applications. It was found that the getaddrinfo() function in glibc is commonly used…
Here’s where you can find more information about the entire Huggies Product Range to help make nappy change time easier.
Despite having found a way to enhance the storage time, Skov says they still have their sights set on improvement:
“So, we want to use it for solar heat batteries. All batteries today are toxic to the environment while this system is powered only by sunlight and is completely non-toxic to the environment. When it breaks down, [my molecule] turns into a component similar to that found in chamomile flowers,” Skov says.
Researchers evaluated 19,331 cardiac events using data from the Resuscitation Outcomes Consortium, a network of regional clinical centers in the United States and Canada which study out-of-hospital treatments of cardiac arrest and trauma, and found that 45 percent of men received bystander CPR in public compared to 39 percent of women. While bystander CPR is still a relatively rare, occurring in only about 37 percent of all cardiac events that happen in public locations, men were 1.23 times more likely to receive it. Men were also found to be nearly two times more likely to survive a cardiac event after bystander CPR, and they had 23 percent increased odds of survival without it, compared to women.
"The key take away from these data is that we need to find better and more effective ways to educate the general public on the importance of providing bystander CPR, and the importance of being comfortable delivering it regardless of the factors like the gender, age, or even the weight of the person in need," said senior author Benjamin Abella, MD, MPhil, director of Penn's Center for Resuscitation Science and a professor of Emergency Medicine in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. "This study and other investigations from our team are only just beginning to peel back the layers on CPR rates and training disparities, cardiac arrest survival, and the public's understanding of the importance of rapid intervention during a cardiac emergency."
The relevant code is quite short, and contain all the methods you’d expect to find in a linked list implementation, such as create , append , remove , peek , shift , isEmpty .
And by February of 2014, it was pretty much all over except for the divorce papers when Laurie Hess found an old friend on Facebook. After 25 years, she once again started talking to Chris Ward.
She never told her husband she was staying with Ward, which is why, she testified, she was shocked to find a printed photo of him in the printer she and her husband shared at work.
Ward didn't believe them at first, but he eventually brought them upstairs where Keasey was sitting on the bed. It was in the room that Ward showed Wolfe something that disturbed the troopers, and gave the situation a greater sense of urgency. Out of a nightstand drawer, Ward pulled the photo of himself that Keasey had found in the printer at work.
Whilst trying to come up with a way of ending the film Monty Python's Life of Brian, Eric Idle wrote an original version of the song on a Gibson J-50 guitar using only jazz chords he learnt from a course by Mickey Baker.[4] Originally the song was sung in a more straight fashion,[4] which the other Python members eventually agreed would be good enough for the end of the film. However, Michael Palin noted in his diary for 16 June 1978 that during a script meeting, "Eric's two songs — 'Otto' and the 'Look on the Bright Side' crucifixion song — are rather coolly received before lunch."[5] Despite being initially underwhelmed, the group warmed to Idle's efforts and the song was retained. While practising during a break in filming, Idle found that it worked better if sung in a more cheeky manner by a character of his called "Mr Cheeky", which in turn was based on the film's cockney lighting crew. This new version was used in the film and became one of Monty Python's most famous compositions.[citation needed]
President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who Bill Clinton said was the greatest president of the century, thought it best that we enter World War II with a segregated military despite calls from the GOP to integrate the armed services. While FDR didn’t have time for an executive order integrating the military, he did find time to order the internment of more than 100,000 Americans who had the bad luck of being born of Japanese ancestry.
The Drug Enforcement Administration's forensic monitoring system found two reports of MDPV in 2009. In 2010 that figure jumped to 338 cases. Between January through September 2011, the numbers skyrocketed to 911 MDPV cases, spanning 34 states.
Of this, in 2014, Flipkart raised some $1.9 billion(Rs11,900 crore), while Snapdeal found about $1 billion (Rs6,257 crore) in funding, including a deal with SoftBank for $627 million. And most of this money came from a few big investors including Accel Partners, Tiger Global, SoftBank and Helion Venture Partners.
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
This is called a deadlock. This is an over simplification of code causing deadlocks. Usually industrial code is very complex, and huge. It is becomes extremely difficult to find deadlocks until they actually occur!
Now, it was hard to find much information on him, probably because The San Francisco 49ers drafted Cas out of Northwestern over 40 years ago. He ended up starting 100 games for the 49ers over his 10 seasons in the NFL.
Van Horne would eventually find his way to the right side of the line, where he helped contribute to the Bears Super Bowl XX championship in 1985. He played all of his 13 seasons in the NFL for Chicago and started 169 games of his 186 games for them.
Sgt. Chris Clark of Santa Cruz County Sheriff’s Office said responders found the man in the surf line and investigators have been able to identify the body but are working to notify relatives before releasing that information.
Unlike other websites, we stay at every property we review. So ask us anything! Our expert staff will help you find the perfect room.
The people who have sold the software driving this system will insist there are firewalls between these computers, but the massive, relentless leaking, the Wikileaks CIA dump as well as the recent NSA dump and the resulting worldwide hack –- with no ability to find out who did it — say otherwise.
One might conclude that what we are really seeing here is a negotiation over just how much of this work must be done before the code is deemed good enough that the rest of the fixes can be done in the mainline. Maintainers tend to worry about giving way in such situations because, once they have merged the code, they have given up their strongest leverage and can find that the developers become surprisingly unmotivated to finish the job. Arguably, that is a relatively unlikely outcome here; AMD has been trying to improve its upstream development for nearly a decade and its developers know what the rules are.
It makes no sense. There are thousands of exercises with cavaletti, poles, gymnastics and other tools suggested or sold to riders to try and improve your balance, reflexes, and sense of timing, when all you need is to find a local hunter pace or cross-country course to school, and might cost at the most $20, if that.
Away from the towers that soar above the City of London, there is another England. It is an ugly place. In this England, a million young people have their hopes blasted every day. In this England, thousands of work-starved youngsters search for jobs that do not exist. In this England, legions of kids find themselves crowded into sink estates that tower over streets absent of power and absent of hope. They are the England left behind by globalisation. And they are the England who, in 2011, took to the streets and smashed up their neighbourhoods.
It doesn’t deviate too far from the conclusions found by Eric T. at NHL Numbers about older players playing a lot of games. I think the players who make it to 36, 37 years old in the NHL have bodies developed enough to continuously handle the grind of a season. You can think of a few players (the most prominent being Kyle Wellwood, but I made an argument for Cody Hodgson last season) who are fairly effective until they hit a certain minute threshold and they fall off the wagon.
You also need to figure out how many shots a goaltender stopped compared to said replacement, presumably the guy you can just find on the farm. The list includes players like Jeff Deslauriers, Brad Thiessen, Curtis McElhinny and Jussi Rynnas. Some guys fared well in their few NHL appearances. Some fared worse, and, on average, they all fared just marginally worse than backups. Those numbers add up:
Luongo has started 50 games, a good benchmark for an everyday goalie since the 2000-01 season. The most concerning statistic about Luongo is that he’s dipped in starts from 67 to 60 to 54 over the course of three seasons. He’s managed to be near the top of the league in save percentage throughout. Go through year-to-year and you’ll find that consistency is a tough thing to gauge among goaltenders. Mike Smith and Brian Elliott had very strong years this past season (helped along by coaching) but haven’t been great beforehand, so it’s easier to write off their good performances from last year.
And just in case you haven’t thought about making love to Angelina, girlie, she’s stated that she finds a woman’s body to be the most attractive thing in the whole world (all men second that) and she loves to make out with women! Now, even if women haven’t given girl sex a thought, they might just change their mind.
Vermont Yankee isn't the first case of a U.S. nuclear power plant leaking tritium, the AP article reveals. In the 1990s, leaks from the Braidwood nuclear station in Illinois contaminated local wells, and owner Exelon Corp. had to provide a new municipal water system. The Oyster Creek nuclear plant in Ocean County, New Jersey, was found to be leaking tritium just last year -- "just days after Exelon won NRC approval for a 20-year license extension there," the AP reports. And there have been more.
The initial default view is a filesytem view, starting from whatever directory you defined as your image folder during digiKam setup. DigiKam refers to whatever directories it finds within your image directory as an Album, and it parses each image file, along with its native metadata plus metadata digiKam allows you to add, into a thumbnail view.
There are other filtration options, including fuzzy searches to find images similar to one another, a sketch search to try to match a photo with a rough drawing of what you're looking for, and more.
DigiKam is an easy but powerful photo management and re-touching application. It's got lots of great features, and this article has only touched on the basics. There's so much more to explore in digiKam, including features—such as the easiest Batch Queue processing system I've ever seen in a GUI photo application—that still elude other editors. DigiKam isn't just efficient, it's fun to use, brings your photos to life, makes rummaging through directories and directories of pictures to find the really good ones fun, and gives you the freedom and courage to make them better.
If you're not using digiKam, and you also find yourself ignoring your photos, you owe it to yourself to give digiKam a go. If you're looking for a good photo manager with facial recognition, photo effects, and all the export options you could ever want, then get digiKam. In short, if you take photographs, you should treat yourself to digiKam.
An expedition to Christmas Island has found that this past year’s record El Niño has had a devastating effect on coral reefs near Christmas Island in the Pacific Ocean.
The research team of marine scientists from the University of Victoria and the Georgia Institute of Technology visited Kiritimati Island, known best as Christmas Island, and were shocked to find how extreme the bleaching event was off the coast.
Last November the team visited the reef and found that 50 to 90 per cent of the coral was bleached and as many as 30 per cent were dead. After returning in March, at least 80 per cent were dead and 15 per cent bleached.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
'In breach.' The UFC announced Tuesday that UFC President Dana White was found to be in breach of the promotion's regulatory protocol after he removed judge Howard Hughes from officiating at UFC Fight Night: Bisping vs. Le. White later apologized and said he was wrong. 'Hopefully it's the last time I'll ever do that.'
“The Republican Party as a whole may draw accusations that it’s fighting a war on women, an impression aided by a lot of male politicians who show a decided implication to chow down on their own shoe leather. But Fox News can use Kelly’s defense of working mothers, and of maternity leave, as proof that it isn’t utterly beholden to the least competent elements of the party with which it often finds itself identified.”
She found a disgruntled ex-DOJ Republican to claim Obama's DOJ gave a pass to Black Panther depredations against whites. At the time, she had an afternoon slot called "The Kelly Factor," primetime for priming the fear pump on stay-at-home mothers. In Kelly's interview ex-DOJ employee and GOP activist J. Christian Adams alleged the Department of Justice wouldn’t prosecute black people for voting crimes. “Do you believe that the DOJ has a policy now of not pursuing cases if the defendant is black and the victim is white?” Kelly asked. Adams replied: “There’s no doubt about it.”
Since the bones were found next to each other in the pit, surely, the men argued, they all came from a single creature—technically called Eoanthopus dawsoni, but soon nicknamed Piltdown Man. Many hailed the find as the long-sought missing link proving that man and apes were evolutionarily linked.
Dawson died in 1916, but the year before, he wrote to Woodward claiming he had found three more fossil fragments (including a molar) from another skull at a second site just a couple of miles from the first one. The Piltdown 2 site was never found, and Woodward didn’t present the new fragments to the society until several months after Dawson’s death.
There were certainly skeptics within the scientific community when the discovery was announced, but eventually Piltdown Man was accepted as the real deal. It took 40 years before a team of researchers at the British Museum uncovered the fakes in 1953, using the then-new technique of fluorine dating. They found that the bones were not all the same age. The upper skull was 50,000 years old, and the ape-like jawbone just a few decades old, most likely taken from a modern orang-utan. There was also evidence that the jawbone had been stained with potassium dichromate to give it an older, reddish-brown appearance.
This latest analysis exonerates the usual suspects and pins the blame on Dawson alone, since the forger’s modus operandi was so consistent among all the fakes, and a limited number of specimens were used to create all the fake fossils. He brought the first fossils to Woodward, and nobody ever uncovered a new specimen when he wasn’t present at the site. No more Piltdown fossils were found after Dawson’s death in 1916. He had the necessary access and connections, and he knew that the British scientists would expect to see “a large brain, ape-like face and jaws, and heavily fossilized materials that indicated great antiquity” in any missing link, the authors write.
The CT scans and DNA sequencing analysis show quite clearly that the teeth and jawbone came from a single orang-utan, most likely a relative of the apes found in Borneo. Two or three human skulls were also used in the forgery, likely dating to the medieval period.
There was gravel from Piltown in the bones and teeth, and also a kind of putty—what a dentist would have used at the time to make a white filling. The putty had been used to fill holes and repair broken bones, and there was evidence that the molars had been removed and then re-set in the jaw. This clearly links the fossils found at the Piltdown 1 and Piltdown 2 sites.
“Is it hurting the cartels? Yes. The cartels are criminal organizations that were making as much as 35-40 percent of their income from marijuana,” [retired federal agent] Nelson said, “They aren’t able to move as much cannabis inside the US now.” In 2012, a study by the Mexican Competitiveness Institute found that US state legalization would cut into cartel business and take over about 30 percent of their market. (via Vice News)
Now I just need to find some! And if you’ve already found it, consider me jealous!!!
CBS Tampa affiliate WPEC reports that when the first deputy arrived, the sheriff said she had found a man on top of another one in a driveway, biting his face.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene. His wife was found dead as well inside the garage of their home.
It's the same class of chemical that's used to make so-called bath salts, a drug that was found to be behind a number of alarming incidents, including the case of a man in Miami who allegedly chewed another man's face while high on bath salts in 2012.
Domestically, Putin’s “managed democracy” is Stalinism leavened by kleptomania, as in the looting of the energy giant Yukos. In foreign policy, Putin’s Russia is unambiguously and unapologetically revanchist. The Soviet Union was likened to a burglar creeping down a hotel corridor until he finds an unlocked door. Putin, who found Crimea unlocked (when he honeymooned there in 1983, it seemed “a magical, sacred place to him,” writes Myers), is pushing on the door of what remains of Ukraine.
When Chuck and Elicia James ventured to their local animal shelter to adopt a dog, they expected to meet a new member of their family. Instead they found themselves reunited with their long lost canine.
JUST WATCHED Family finds dog amid landslide rubble Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Family finds dog amid landslide rubble 01:32
"After Sandy, we had so many animals being turned in," said Jerry Rosenthal, president and CEO of the animal shelter. Rosenthal told CNN that 3-year-old Reckless ended up at the shelter last November after an employee found him on the streets.
In Iowa, new CNN Poll of Polls averages find no clear leader on either the Democratic or Republican side, while nationally, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump continue to hold solid leads over their top competitors.
The Iowa CNN Poll of Polls, which incorporates the first polling conducted in 2016, finds Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders running dead even, with 45% each, while former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley languishes in single digits. The same analysis conducted using polling released in December yields an average of 52% support for Clinton to 37% for Sanders.
Most recent polling in New Hampshire has found him well ahead of Clinton there, a neighbor state to his home state of Vermont. But after that contest on February 9, the race shifts to South Carolina, Nevada and a wide swath of southern states that vote on March 1.
The CNN Poll of Polls average in Iowa finds Cruz with 27%, just ahead of Trump at 25%, with Marco Rubio at 14% and Ben Carson at 10%. The rest of the field stands at 5% or less. That's less of a change since December than the averages suggest on the Democratic side. Averaging polls of Republican likely caucusgoers released in December, 26% said they backed Cruz, 25% Trump, virtually the same as the January figures.
The Quinnipiac poll in Iowa found that 66% of Trump's supporters say they are more enthusiastic about this caucus than they have been in the past, a little above the 57% of Cruz's supporters who say the same. And the businessman-turned-politician has won over Republican voters looking for a strong leader on their most important issues: Quinipiac's poll in Iowa found Trump broadly ahead of his competitors as more trusted to handle the economy, immigration and terrorism. And 81% said they consider him a strong leader.
Looking ahead, there's been little polling elsewhere that's found anything other than a Trump lead, and in New Hampshire, Trump's support in recent polls has been among the highest of the cycle.
Every week, IndieWire asks a select handful of film and TV critics two questions and publishes the results on Monday. (The answer to the second, “What is the best film in theaters right now?”, can be found at the end of this post.)
Overlooking how -- to maximize Palestinian deaths -- Hamas stored its missiles in an UNWRA-run school and how, when UNWRA found out, they just handed the missiles back to Hamas.
Looking at property values by town, it found Tredegar in Wales had the largest increase between January and March, with a 1.8% rise. Leominster in Herefordshire saw the biggest rise among English towns, with prices up 1.7%. In Scotland, the biggest increase was in Livingston, West Lothian, with average prices up by 0.7%.
So you're sitting in the pub and your nice-but-naive friend says: "Hey, I heard the most amazing story the other day. There were these twins, right, a boy and a girl, who were separated at birth and adopted by different families. And, like, years later, by an amazing coincidence, they meet. And fall madly in love, and get married. Straight up! Then, obviously, they find out they're actually brother and sister. And it all has to be annulled, and they're just devastated. It's the ultimate nightmare. Can you imagine?"
When Yuuta Banda was just four years old, he suffered a car accident that left him paralyzed, connected to a respiratory machine, and confined to bed for life. But almost two decades later, he's been able to experience different places, and even find a job thanks to OriHime, his robot avatar.
"I'd really like this robot to be used by people [who can't move] owing to incurable diseases, and for it to provide these people with a sense of purpose within society," said Banda, who mentioned how people in similar situations to him could also find a way to enter the labor force through the robot.
Homeless electors and grey nomads may also find it hard to participate.
Adi once again found the back of the net but we weren’t lucky enough to see a penalty call so we can figure out if he will give way to the almighty Valeri! Both Adi and Valeri are near essential for their upcoming DGW in Round 6.
"Newcastle United has such brand recognition it penetrates into some of our poorer communities in a way that others can't and I find it absolutely appalling that's the message they get.
Mark Douglas, who covers United for two local papers The Chronicle and The Journal, says fans find it hard to believe the club when it says it will invest healthily in the summer.
Keegan returned at the start of the Ashley's reign but later resigned in protest at how the club operated. Fans demonstrated and Ashley vowed to sell, but he could not find a buyer.
“What could I do to affect this number?” says David Gehring, pointing to newspapers’ ad revenues. “There is lots of press on advertisers complaining about being able to target quality audience at scale. What we need is demand-side targeting that does that.” Gehring finds himself uniquely situated in this partnership. A veteran of almost four years with Google in international partnerships, he has been advising The Guardian on partnerships since last fall. Consequently, he carries an almost unique portfolio — someone working in the interests of publishers, but with deep and wide knowledge of how Google actually works.
What if Google provided a persistent tag to be associated with any article originating with one of those 60,000 publishers? Those include thousands of legacy newspaper and magazine brands, but also the digital news startups that emphasize original content creation as well. As programmatic trading systems matched targetable content with advertisers, that apparatus could differentiate “premium” from “non-premium” audiences. Further, such premium content could still be found by category, like tech, sports, or health, increasing its value. Importantly, such tags wouldn’t only accompany articles in Google News itself, but on all news found throughout Google, including web search.
: With mobile now at more than 50 percent of usage, publishers are struggling with ad formats on the smartphone. How can the Android champion help there? RELATED ARTICLE Google and Storyful are launching YouTube Newswire, a feed of verified user-generated videos Joseph Lichterman Video : Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal.
: Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal. Reader revenue: Whatever publishers can do to increase digital ad revenue looms large. But it’s reader revenue that’s been the star of recent years. Paywalls have worked — terrifically at the biggest publications, somewhat for the regionals. As most publishers tighten the number of free articles available to non-subscribers, what could Google do to help publishers grow this essential revenue source?
As intriguing as those value assumptions might be, I think they shouldn’t be the focus of the negotiation. It’s 2015, and there’s so much digital disruption water under the bridge, with more floodwaters on the way. Reparations aren’t the point. The point — for all those who value the role of a free and vibrant press in democracy — is how the increasingly digital world can fairly aid those creating original news content. I don’t really care whether Google might step up to the plate here — with the ad tagging idea, or something else — out of benevolence, or out of fear of further European legal action, or in order to to better compete with Facebook and Apple. What counts is to get beyond all the babble of the last decade — and to find ways forward.
Once one has found out the value of w, one has to exclusive-or it with the following ciphertext:
Yet Politico’s investigation found evidence of Ukrainian government involvement in the race that appears to strain diplomatic protocol dictating that governments refrain from engaging in one another’s elections.
That all started to change just four days after Chalupa’s meeting at the embassy, when it was reported that Trump had in fact hired Manafort, suggesting that Chalupa may have been on to something. She quickly found herself in high demand. The day after Manafort’s hiring was revealed, she briefed the DNC’s communications staff on Manafort, Trump and their ties to Russia, according to an operative familiar with the situation.
Almost as quickly as Chalupa’s efforts attracted the attention of the Ukrainian Embassy and Democrats, she also found herself the subject of some unwanted attention from overseas.
Placing Fraser on waivers allows the Kings additional flexibility in advance of the lifting of the NHL’s trading freeze at 8:59 p.m. PT on Sunday, February 23. More about this flexibility can be found on yesterday’s posts about the subject here and here. This move does not necessarily mean that Fraser will join the Manchester Monarchs, though he could technically be assigned to Manchester in a “paper” transaction without reporting, as the added salary cap flexibility was the key consideration of yesterday’s transaction.
Hidden among the racks of servers and disks in the CERN Computing Centre, you’ll find Hawaiian dancers, space aliens, gorillas… all LEGO® figurines! These characters were placed about the Centre for the arrival of Google’s Street View team for the world to discover.
Kwok Lai-shan works as a cleaner, for another private contractor, which she does not want to name. She has been on the job for six years and at 71 finds it is physically arduous. What is more, Kwok says she is required to work on statutory holidays, and when the black rainstorm signal or the number eight gale or storm signal are up. Despite this, she and many others are paid the minimum wage.
Law Pui-shan, the Policy Research Officer of the Hong Kong Catholic Commission for Labour Affairs, says workers have minimal bargaining power. Many outsourced workers are not well educated, some are elderly and are afraid of losing their jobs because it would be hard to find another one.
For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.
We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.
Under these assumptions, we'll find an optimal strategy pair with a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:
Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:
To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.
For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.
We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's total 3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.
We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.
My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:
Bob starts by finding the hands that he 3-bets and 5-bets all-in, purely for value. His value range also includes some 5-bet bluffs, and the next step is to find these. Then we pick a range of 3-bet bluffs that Bob plans to fold to a 4-bet. We'll also talk about Bob's flatting range. These are medium strong hands that are playable, but they are not strong enough to 4-bet for value,and they are too strong to use as bluffs, so Bob flat-calls with them.
So Bob will 3-bet {KK+} and 5-bet them all-in if Alice 4-bets. He will also 3-bet/5-bet some 5-bet bluff hands (type Axs), and he will have a wide range of 3-bet bluffs that he folds to a 4-bet. We'll now find Bob's 5-bet bluffing hands, then his 3-bet bluffing range, and then we are done.
OK, enough about flatting. Let's move on and find Bob's 5-bet bluffs, and then his 3-bet bluffing range:
Again, when you are the raiser, everything follows from your ranges, and you can do this work once and for all (assuming you have a well-defined set of default core opening ranges) and memorize it. Then you can play optimally from out of position, and sniff around for opponent leaks. If you don't find any, keep playing optimally. If you find some exploitable leaks, think about how you can adjust to increase your EV. But you don't have to adjust until you are sure. Remember, if you are playing optimally and your opponent isn't, you gain from his mistakes (although you might gain more by switching to an exploitative strategy).
Finally, if you meet tough regs who don't give up preflop edge in these scenarios (at least any edge you can see), these optimal strategies will protect you from getting exploited. They can't take advantage of you in preflop 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars, so don't worry about it if they try. Follow the optimal strategies, and the mathematics of the situation will protect you. But don't forget to sniff for leaks against regs. Everybody has leaks, and your knowledge about optimal 3-/4-/5-betting will make it easier for you to find them. And pay close attention if you see a reg starting to tilt! Now he might blow up completely in preflop raising wars, and you can adjust accordingly.
I hope this article will be useful for those of you who find it difficult to play well in preflop 3-/4-/5-bet wars, and that you have learned to implement the optimal strategies in your own game. And for those who already knew these things, I hope that this systematic discussion of the topic has given you things to think about.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
The women also were found shopping for groceries at a local supermarket the next day.
Mike: That’s a question I love too because it implies there’s meaning in the the events of your life and that maybe you can uncover meaning. I sometimes walk around and pretend like there is meaning in everything. Someone trips on the street and I go OK what was the meaning of that person tripping in front of me to my life. It’s just a game I play but sometimes you can actually find little patterns in that and pull wisdom out of that. Euvie and I were at a coffee shop a few weeks ago with someone fell down the stairs few minutes later someone dropped a coffee mug somewhere and then a few minutes after that someone dropped another thing I was like Ok, Euvie pull your computer in, just like protect your computer and within minutes after that someone spillt a full grande sized cup of coffee on Euvie’s keyboard.
Duncan: Yeah, lots of…you know I was talking to my friend like this. I never liked those. Once i got to those parts in the books i just stopped reading because I cannot respect anyone It would do something like that that’s so f***** at meanwhile I’m super hipocrite because I eat meat. Different podcast. But the point is this guy and my friend I said to me know what that’s so f***** up like that what it where is compassion there and my friend said he’s not in the compassion, sorcerers are in it for the power. They actually see compassion as a kind of low-level form of power but it’s not the power it’s not that it’s not it’s it’s kind of like a grade school stuff. Compassion sure yeah ok f****** cultivate your compassion, whatever. You go ahead and do that I’m travelling into the astral realm. I’m making people do things and they don’t realise it I’m making s*** tons of money for myself and for my friends using magic and I don’t care about your compassion. Should I get you a blanket and maybe we got it in the end you find a nice the hill the sit down with your blanket Gandhi really that’s what you want compassion. So you run into those people and they’re real and then you can get into chapel perilous where suddenly you get sucked deeper and deeper into ever increasing realizations of the complexity of the astral realm. You can get lost in the astral realm. You can basically go nuts which is why you hear this again and again when it comes to magic. Be very careful, be careful. When you reading his books you know from the greatest magicians, all of them have like some pretty intense warnings in there is it how to protect yourself, how to purify yourself. In my younger days my reaction was like whatever, thats just a movie bulls***. I could sit In my room and do a ritual where I tried to make some connection with some Anokian entities and I don’t really need to go through the several days of preparation that they recommend. I don’t really need to wear the clothes they recommend or do the particular drawings the right way that you put on your wall or burn the right kind of incense. I don’t really need to do that because this is actually a bunch of b******* it can’t really be real. Then you sit down and start doing it in the next thing you know you open yourself up to something that you’ve had no idea what it was like ordering plutonium through the mail
“The parent companies have found a most convenient buyer for their factories and staff,” said Yoshihisa Toyosaki, head of Japanese research firm and consultancy Architect Grand Design.
Girih tiles are a set of five tiles that were used in the creation of Islamic geometric patterns using strapwork (girih) for decoration of buildings in Islamic architecture. They have been used since about the year 1200 and their arrangements found significant improvement starting with the Darb-i Imam shrine in Isfahan in Iran built in 1453.
This finding was supported both by analysis of patterns on surviving structures, and by examination of 15th-century Persian scrolls. However, we have no indication of how much more the architects may have known about the mathematics involved. It is generally believed that such designs were constructed by drafting zigzag outlines with only a straightedge and a compass. Templates found on scrolls such as the 97-foot- (29.5 metres) long Topkapi Scroll may have been consulted. Found in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire and believed to date from the late 15th century, the scroll shows a succession of two- and three- dimensional geometric patterns. There is no text, but there is a grid pattern and color-coding used to highlight symmetries and distinguish three-dimensional projections. Drawings such as shown on this scroll would have served as pattern-books for the artisans who fabricated the tiles, and the shapes of the girih tiles dictated how they could be combined into large patterns. In this way, craftsmen could make highly complex designs without resorting to mathematics and without necessarily understanding their underlying principles.[7]
Firstly, divide the right angle A into five parts with same degree by creating four rays that start from A. Find an arbitrary point C on the second ray and drop perpendiculars from C to the sides of angle A counter-clockwise. This step creates the rectangle ABCD along with four segments that each has an endpoint at A and other endpoints are the intersections of the four rays with the two sides of BC and DC of rectangle ABCD. Then, find the midpoint of the fourth segment created from the fourth ray point E. Construct an arc with center A and radius AE to intersect AB at point F and the second ray at point G. The second segment is now a part of the rectangle's diagonal. Make a line, parallel to AD and passing through point G, that intersects the first ray at point H and the third ray at point I. The line HF passes through point E and intersects the third ray at L and line AD at J. Construct a line, passing through J which is parallel to the third ray. Also construct line EI and find M which is the intersection of this line with AD. From the point F make a parallel line to the third ray to meet the first ray at K. Construct segments GK, GL, and EM. Find the point N such that GI = IN by constructing a circle with center I and radius IG. Construct the line DN which is parallel to GK, to intersect the line emanate from J, to find P to complete the regular pentagon EINPJ. Line DN meets the perpendicular bisector of AB at Q. From Q construct a line parallel to FK to intersect ray MI at R. As shown in the figure, using O which is the center of the rectangle ABCD, as a center of rotation for 180°, one can make the fundamental region for the tiling.[1]
Autopsies showed they had died after swallowing lethal quantities of sleeping pills. Reports said suicide notes were found at the scene.
Reports said they were found by the dentist's wife on Wednesday, but details of the case have only just emerged.
Last year another Japanese woman was found unconscious in a hotel room after she posted a message on the internet requesting a suicide drug.
Dr Lucy Delap, lecturer in modern British history, said ‘vague talk of genius, brilliance [and] flair carries assumptions of gender inequality’. She said some women ‘don’t find it very easy to project themselves into those categories’.
Someone said on Twitter that we write about booze too much so here’s another way to catch a buzz. You know vibrators? Those formerly embarrassing personal massagers that you can now just wear as a necklace or toss into your basket at Walgreens, no prob? Trojan wants everyone to think they’re household appliances like electric toothbrushes (which you can now use to actually brush your teeth), so the company is giving away 10,000 vibrators at two specially marked hot dog stands parked in as-yet-unannounced locations in Manhattan, according to The Times. One model, the TriPhoria, is pictured above. The other model, the Pulse, is after the jump. Follow Trojan Vibrations on Facebook (at your own peril) to find the giveaway locations tomorrow TODAY and Thursday. UPDATE: Trojan just announced the locations for today (Weds): Meatpacking (teehee) — 14th Street and 10th Avenue; East Village – 3rd Avenue between 12th and 14th St; Flatiron – 5th Avenue between 23rd and 22nd Streets; Financial District – Pearl and Broad Streets.
To find out, you have to check Trojan Vibrations on Facebook tomorrow.
David Newman, the attorney who represented Elena Rybolovleva in the divorce litigation, said he found tracing Rybolovlev’s assets a tough task. Newman said those assets included luxury homes and works of art that were all hidden behind layers of shell companies and trusts “so that the true identity of ownership is not obvious or clear or easy to discern — even through investigation.”
A new Gallup poll finds 42% of Americans, on average, identified as political independents in 2013, the highest measured in 25 years. Meanwhile, Republican identification fell to 25%, the lowest over that time span. At 31%, Democratic identification is unchanged from the last four years but down from 36% in 2008.
EPIC's ultimate goal with its Freedom Of Information Act request is to find out which government agencies are sharing information with the NCTC, and under what terms they are allowing the center to make wholesale copies of databases. So far, however, the government has refused to provide the memorandums of understanding between the NCTC and other government agencies. The government claimed to EPIC that it couldn't find any such memoranda, even though they are referenced and linked in the training guide. The ODNI public affairs office declined to comment on the missing memoranda, citing EPIC's ongoing lawsuit.
Rowe went on to reflect upon what would have happened to him back then if the minimum wage had been $10 instead of $2.90. More than likely, as an inexperienced 17-year-old, he would have been passed over for someone with more skills. Accordingly, he would have never gained the experience that he did, and maybe never would have become as successful as he is today. Indeed, Rowe states that during a recent trip to the movies, he asked an employee how much a projectionist makes, only to find out that such a position no longer exists. Employers have chosen mechanization over paying non-skilled workers the minimum wage.
But with Patton Oswalt‘s supporting wind behind him, perhaps Trump will find the strength to carry on.
We should be educating people and informing them that the very objects they’re purchasing have been made by women and children of color in sweatshops throughout the Global South. I don’t find that sort of criticism offensive, and neither should those in the US who are interested in creating a less hierarchical, oppressive and exploitative world.
Over the past two months, at least 12 wooden boats have been found adrift or on the coast, carrying chilling cargo -- the decaying bodies of 22 people, police and Japan's coast guard said.
All the bodies were "partially skeletonized" -- two were found without heads -- and one boat contained six skulls, the coast guard said. The first boat was found in October, then a series of boats were found in November.
A ship found in mid-November off Noto Peninsula that was towed to the shore.
Employment Minister Pierre Poilievre said he saw no need to move the memorial away from its planned site on Wellington Street near the Supreme Court of Canada, despite objections from architectural groups, Mayor Jim Watson and Ottawa-area MPs, who have asked the government to find another home for the project.
The squat is foundational to the Olympic lifts as a position, a movement and a strength exercise. Without a well-developed and consistent squat, neither pulling technique nor pulling power will produce entirely successful Olympic weightlifting. The great natural physical variation among athletes dictates that there will never be a universally perfect prescription for body positioning, but irrespective of this variation, the fundamental principles remain consistent. Continued reliance on them will ensure that modifications from the strict prescription are rational and sound instead of haphazard and likely improper.Because the squat, more so than any other element of the lifts, will be affected by temporary impediments such as limited flexibility, a greater deal of modification will be necessary and allowable during an athlete’s advancement. However, even in the cases of lifters for whom the strictest positioning prescription is initially impossible, this prescription will remain the ultimate goal, and continued efforts toward that end should be made.Be cautious of defying the underlying principles with the excuse of individual variation—often this is inappropriately cited when the actual cause of an athlete's inability to adhere to these prescriptions is entirely correctable over time, such as flexibility-related limitations or simply stubborn habits. It's necessary to critically evaluate each athlete individually to make accurate determinations—avoid allowing an athlete to continue poor habits due simply to laziness or frustration with slow progress and, more importantly, increase the risk of injury.The depth of an Olympic squat should not even be a topic of discussion, but because there has been and continues to be discussion among coaches and athletes in sports outside of weightlifting, it warrants at least clarification: proper depth is full depth; full depth means full depth. That is, full depth is not parallel, nor is it breaking parallel—it is squatting to the lowest position possible without surgical alteration of body parts while maintaining correct posture. To simplify, we want to close the knee joint maximally while maintaining a correctly arched back.Depth is measured by the position of the hips, and the depth of the hips is governed by the position of the knees, the degree of dorsiflexion of the ankles, the absolute and relative lengths of the upper and lower leg, the horizontal position of the hips relative to the feet, the width and degree of external rotation of the feet, and the mass of the upper and lower legs. These factors are largely interdependent, and a change in one will typically effect change in others.If the knees are prevented from moving forward over the feet, as is taught by many coaches and trainers, the hips must travel farther back behind the feet. With the hips behind the athlete’s base, the torso must be inclined forward to a greater degree in order for the athlete’s center of mass to remain balanced over the feet. If the hips are lowered from this position, flexibility will restrict the spine’s ability to remain correctly arched, forcing the athlete to curl forward, again to remain balanced. For what should be fairly obvious reasons, neither of these positions will allow the safe and effective support of a barbell in the positions it must be received in the snatch and clean. (Note that very short-legged athletes will be able to achieve a proper squat depth and position without the knees passing significantly forward of the toes.) Moving the knees in front of the toes is not a goal itself, but something that must be allowed to happen in order to achieve the depth and trunk orientation we need.Inadequate ankle flexibility can also result in the knees remaining too far back—if the ankles are unable to dorsiflex to a great enough degree, the lower leg cannot reach an angle sufficient to bring the knees into a position that allows the hips to reach their intended placement. This is the reason for the lifted heel of weightlifting shoes—elevation of the heel effectively increases the ankles’ range of motion.Femur length will affect the depth of each athlete’s squat simply by dictating how far away from the knees the hips will be. Athletes with great flexibility and long femurs will display extraordinarily deep squat positions, while their shorter-femured counterparts will appear higher even when at their maximal depth. For some athletes, femur length will exceed what can be compensated for through ankle flexibility in the basic squat position, and adjustments will need to be made to allow a better bottom position.For individuals with largely muscled legs and who are capable of very upright torso positions in the bottom of the squat, the hips may not be particularly low relative to the knees even when the knees are closed completely.As the base from which all movement and positioning originates, the placement of the feet will dramatically influence the squat. The width of the stance and degree of external rotation will affect the movement and position of the hips and back, and will often be the deciding factor in whether a squat is successful or failed, mechanically sound or injurious. Individual variation notwithstanding, the feet must be positioned in a manner that allows and encourages proper biomechanics of the legs, hips and back, while allowing the greatest possible range of motion and supporting the unique positional and movement characteristics of the Olympic lifts.Anthropometrics—in particular relative leg segment lengths—and hip anatomy will dictate appropriate width and rotation of the feet. Flexibility limitations and similar impediments may prevent an athlete from immediately achieving this ultimately proper positioning, but again, these are temporary obstacles that should be corrected.The starting foot placement will be slightly outside hip-width at the heels with the toes turned out comfortably—generally between approximately 20-35 degrees from center. With the athlete sitting at the bottom of the squat in this basic position, adjustments can be quickly made according to leg segment and trunk lengths, hip anatomy, and ankle and knee alignment to place him or her in the proper position.From here, there are two basic criteria with which we’re concerned: When viewed from directly above, the foot and thigh are approximately parallel with each other; when viewed from the front of the toe, the foot is approximately underneath the knee. The hips should sit in between the heels somewhat; in other words, the heel will not be directly under the thigh, but slightly outside of its centerline. This positioning will keep the knees and ankles aligned well, but will also allow for slightly improved depth, and, more importantly, a more absorptive bottom position—that is, the final position will be structurally sound without having an abrupt and jarring stop.With these relationships established—assuming the hips are at full possible depth—the remaining positional relationships will be unavoidably correct. This allows for a wide range of potential external rotation—athletes will in general naturally find what is most comfortable for them. That said, some athletes will need to be told explicitly to spread the knees farther than they wish; occasionally athletes will prefer a stance that prevents the hips from reaching adequate depth between the thighs due to the structures of the upper thighs being pushed into the forward edges of the pelvis. If the athlete is unable to achieve adequate depth and back extension, particularly if he or she is also feeling pressure near the front of the hips, a more externally rotated stance is more than likely needed.What this positioning achieves is simple but important— biomechanically sound alignment of the involved joints , optimizing performance and reducing the risk of injury.These relationships of the feet and leg segments should be maintained for the duration of the movement—in other words, the knees should follow the line described by the angle of the feet as the athlete descends and recovers. For many athletes, this will, at least initially, require they consciously make an effort to push the knees out to the sides as the tendency will be for the knees to collapse inward From this basic position, there will be a degree of adjustment possible without considerable violation of these relationships. That is, once in this starting position, the athlete will find he or she can move the feet in and out and turn the toes in and out slightly and continue to meet the criteria fairly well. This small range will allow some latitude for personal preference, and the lifter is encouraged to experiment within this range until the most comfortable position is found.The effect of hip width on foot placement should be self-explanatory—this is the origin of the legs and consequently the starting point for the stance. Relative leg segment length affects how far back the foot travels relative to the thigh as the knee flexes. The longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the farther toward the hip the foot will be when the knee is closed—this means that the longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the closer the feet will be in a sound squat position. In other words, the overall length of the legs is not enough to determine squat stance—how that length is created is what matters.The foot position should be identical for all squat variations—back squat, front squat, overhead squat—and all receiving positions except the split in the jerk—snatch, clean, power snatch, power clean, power jerk, squat jerk. Many athletes will assume different foot positions for each type of squat—this is an indicator that the athlete has not learned and developed a correct squat position, and is likely in need of improved flexibility.Read more about the Olympic squat in Olympic Weightlifting: A Complete Guide for Athletes & Coaches by Greg Everett
Everything that your Uncle loves about his evening “cold one” can be found in 3 Speed. A pleasant sweetness, vibrant carbonation, crisp finish, and only the lightest touch of bitterness to remind you it’s beer you’re drinking.
In a related item, reader Kelly Levy is searching for photos of her dad, Harold Levy (although he sometimes went by Edward, his middle name), who was an all-city basketball player in NYC around 1956-58 and also briefly played for St. John’s and for a Rheingold brewery team. Harold passed away earlier this month and Kelly can’t find any photos of him in uniform. If anyone can help, contact Kelly here.
Hockey News : Never seen this early Lightning wordmark before. Reminds me a bit of the old Zenith logo. ”¦ Whoa, check out the Caps player in the background of this photo — looks like he’s wearing a lacrosse helmet/mask! Anyone know who that was? (Good find by Steven Schapansky.) ”¦ Chris Creamer has created a sensational infographic showing the jersey worn by each Stanley Cup-winning team. Several great little nuances in the design, but I’ll let you discover those for yourself. Chris says he wants to make this into a poster, and he should definitely do that.
In fact, after what’s generally viewed as a lackluster year in Season 3, the show bolted out of the bow with renewed vigor. A new, lighter approach, a focus on the fantastical world of magic, and a blast of a villain giving Neal McDonough five-course meals of scenery to chew gave the show a seeming fresh start. Incorporating more explicit elements from the Green Arrow comic books, including the name; an expanded focus on the team; and a more mature manner of involving the divisive romantic relationship between Oliver Queen and Felicity Smoak, which frequently devloved into groan-worthy teen melodrama the year before, all propped up a series that seemed to find its legs again.
I can’t speak for others, though I’ve certainly heard similar comments, but I just don’t find either question to be particularly pressing. More, the series just doesn’t seem to have the gas any longer to press them.
While I wasn’t the first person to come up with the idea for a Tax Day march, I now find myself the clearly unprepared leader of a nationwide movement fueled by Twitter-based rage. In a sense, I am now exactly like Trump. But this movement isn’t about me! I am just your voice, your angry voice, commanding you to—whoa. Sorry. Those retweets really go to your head.
To be clear, we don’t want to see his tax returns because we’re the financial equivalent of a lecherous pervert who barges into underage girls’ dressing rooms while they’re changing. We’re not trying to find out how much money he spent taking a married woman furniture-shopping before he “moved on her like a bitch.” We want to show President Trump that, no matter what his advisers may say, the American people do care. We care if our president has unseemly ties to foreign or domestic interests. We care if our president says he’ll do something and then straight up doesn’t do it. That’s why the official White House petition requesting Trump to release his tax returns already has more than 270,000 signatures. Using Trump math, that’s more than 1.75 million. Huge!
I read with interest the recent poll of Unite's members by Lord Ashcroft, who found that 12% of your membership would individually choose to join the Labour Party (if contributions to the political fund were no longer attributed automatically).
"Vehicular cycling techniques have not been tried and found difficult. They have been presumed difficult and not tried." - P.M. Summer, paraphrasing G.K. Chesterton
Finally the way he was he was genuinely shocked and surprised when he found out he won NTA Special Recognition Award.
XG VR is a head-mounted device that uses your very own smartphone to let you immerse into the virtual world. Our premise is simple: Virtual reality is fun, and we believe that everyone should be able to experience it. You CAN be that test pilot without undergoing the years of training to actually experience being one. You CAN be that underwater explorer. You CAN be anything, anyone, anywhere. Gone are the days when you needed a bulky, expensive PC to run an application, right now it can be found at the palm of your hand – the indispensable smartphone. With its high resolution and processing power, it is now possible to experience a virtual reality immersion with the gadget you already have. All you need is a virtual reality viewer; hence, we came up with the XG VR for you. Where you can be virtually anyone, anywhere, anything you want to be.
We’re tech geeks, engineers, designers, dreamers… and as it turns out, our adventure with VR all started after seeing the Google I/O presentation online. We love new technology, ideas and gadgets, and we wanted to have our very own Google cardboard virtual reality kit. Like most people, we printed out the templates, on a piece of ordinary A4 paper, to make our own. But we quickly found out making one with scrap cardboard boxes, cutters, and excited resolve didn't really cut it - it wasn't as easy as it looked.
His coach and Katusha consultant Stein Ørn told Procycling.no that Kristoff will follow a similar programme in 2016, with the world championships in Qatar the biggest objective of the year. He will chose between riding the Giro d’Italia and the Tour of California depending on if the Katusha team finalises a US-sponsor for 2016. The spring Classics will also be major objectives, with Ørn struggling to find sufficient time for rest and recover periods during the long 2016 season.
If you found a dinosaur egg in a stream bed it is not an artifact, it is a fossil. Please contact the Paleontology Department. If that stream bed is full of similarly shaped rocks, if there are in fact “hundreds of ’em,” you have not discovered the lost dinosaur egg graveyard. My attempts to talk you through the scientific reasoning behind why this is not the case have obviously been a complete failure.
If you found a petrified heart or eyeball or any other organ see reference to dinosaur eggs above. Also, expect some laughter if you reach a paleontologist by phone.
If you have found a footprint preserved in stone that belonged to Bigfoot, Sasquatch, Yeti or any other scientifically unconfirmed beast, please write to the Mammalogy Department.
If you found a tool made by one of the aforementioned creatures, we are still debating whether or not you have contacted the right department. And it is not an artifact.
If a crystal is speaking to you please get help. Similarly, if you have found mud people in your backyard I suggest you call a specialist. I am happy to hear that your sister is concerned about you crawling around on your hands and knees looking for their tiny coffins that hang from tiny ropes. I also can do nothing about Taiwan Satellites (although you enclosed an excellent sketch) and the Blackhawk helicopters circling the YMCA .
Don’t get me wrong, I really do want to see your cool artifacts. However, I must tell you, that more than half of the people who come to see me actually just have plain old boring rocks. That’s not a judgment. I am sure the Geology Department will be interested in seeing your rocks. At least that is what I will tell your adorable 8-year-old son when you bring him to my office to identify the “artifact” he found that “fits so nicely in his hand.”
On Sunday, Ansari -- apparently running late for his flight out of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport -- took to Twitter to frantically find someone who could help him secure a torta from celebrity chef Rick Bayless' Torta Frontera.
It started innocuously enough. On the cusp of my 28th birthday, I had a frank conversation with my gynecologist where I explained my situation. A rising media career and newfound happiness with my singledom, coupled with an insatiable desire to travel, meant that I didn't envision getting married anytime soon, and couldn't imagine having kids before 35. She was eager to help and suggested I go to NYU, known for pioneering the technology since 2004. A month later, I walked into my consultation hoping egg freezing would buy me more time, but I walked out with a new epiphany: egg freezing would use genetic testing on embryos to ensure only the healthiest, pre-screened egg would be implanted. The doctor told me about a 33-year-old woman who froze her eggs and, upon testing 13 embryos, found that 12 of the 13 had chromosomal abnormalities. They were able to isolate and implant the one fully healthy embryo. The argument for egg freezing seemed overwhelmingly convincing to me, and I booked my surgery a few weeks later.
The long process of freezing my eggs was daunting, emotional, and took over my life for a month. A week after my initial consult, I found myself the youngest by a mile in a room full of women over 35, at a two hour '101 of Egg Freezing' class at NYU. I was used to the older women's stares—most assumed I faced major fertility issues or was sick with some life-threatening disease. I openly explained that I was just being pragmatic. The overwhelming response was, 'I wish I had done it at your age. This is too much to handle physically and emotionally now.' The nurse overseeing the class showed us how to inject the various hormones ( HCG, Estrogen,ect) in our thighs. Egg Freezing 101 barely covered risks in a slide show. I'm sure it was in the fine print somewhere.
* The Cowboys were challenged but found plenty against a determined Eels outfit in Townsville. Although captain Johnathan Thurston (79) didn’t have his best night he again showed why he is such a good NRL and SuperCoach player, stepping up when it mattered in the second half to guide the Cowboys and his coaches home.
Greg Inglis finally found some form after a below par start to the season for the superstar fullback. He finished the game with 63 points thanks to a try, six tackle busts and a linebreak.
Rep. Jim McDermott, D-Wash., scoured House rules in January, seeking to find the legal bill for DOMA’s defense. He finally discovered it on page 17, disguised as a $3 million spending authorization for something called the “Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group.”
We’re in the middle of summer right now (the temperature is a hot and humid 90 degrees in Minneapolis today), so I thought I would share one of my favorite summer recipes. When I think of summer food, I think of grilling. A few days ago, I decided to forgo steak and chicken and opted to grill up some pork chops instead. Pork chops are often cheaper than steak and can also offer a great fat content as well. As a note, I always prefer to grill bone-in pork chops. I find great joy in channeling my inner-caveman and chewing meat right off of the bone.
When King John dies, the kingdom slowly slides into disrepair – bad weather, taxes, the new King Elias (son of John) having a heavy hand. Elias is counseled by Pryrates, the prototypical evil dude. King Elias’ brother Josua goes missing, and when Simon finds Josua held captive apparently by Pryrates, things spin out of control. Morgenes and Simon help Josua escape, but Pryrates attacks Morgenes, who pushed Simon into the same secret passage under the castle before burning himself and trying to burn their assailants.
Simon frees a Sithi from a trap, who gives him a White Arrow in return. He meets Binabik (and Qantaqa the wolf) and journeys along with them. They head for the rest and safe haven of an abbey in the forest, only to find the abbey burning, its inhabitants mostly killed. Simon is briefly captured by a band from the Hayholt (but not King Elias men) then escapes when creatures from legend called Bukken attack the band. Simon and Binabik head back into the woods, and find themselves hunted by men and dogs, sent by Pryrates to track down Simon (who saw too much). They rescue two girls, one of whom is Marya, who Simon knew as a boy Malachias, from the castle. Together, all journey to the house of the witch woman Geloë. Here, Binabik and Simon travel the dream road with the witch woman, and discover some of the forces that are allied with King Elias and Pryrates. The huntsman and his dogs come at them again, and they run toward an ancient Sithi city, where the huntsman shoots an arrow through Binabik. Simon saves his friend, and with Marya they are eventually rescued by Josua outside of the castle Naglimund.
In Part Three – Simon Snowlock (re-read post here), Simon comes into his own on a quest to find the sword Thorn to the far north where few have ever ventured. The sword Thorn is part of three swords (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) which legend (and Morgenes final manuscript) says must come together to defeat the un-dead king Ineluki. Much of this knowledge is researched through the League of the Scroll, which Morgenes and Binabik’s master were a part of.
Simon also finds that Marya is actually Miriamele, King Elias’ daughter and a princess.
Simon and Binabik travel north with others. The same huntsman with his dogs falls upon them, but they are saved by Sithi, one of whom is Jiriki, the Sitha that Simon saved from the trap. The Sithi join with Simon’s quest. Together, they find the sword Thorn and awaken an ancient dragon which was guarding it. Simon wields Thorn and hits the dragon, showering himself with dragon’s blood and causing the dragon’s retreat.
Meet Mike, he’s a Red Bull powered, not-so-ethical, insomniac. To top it all off he’s quite the computer security enthusiast and spends his time hacking at networks that he’s found an interest in. Sadly that system today turns out to be H.U.E. Inc.’s network.
Mike does a quick Whois on the domain name “hueinc.com” to start with and finds Bob’s contact details and the company’s phone number. Neat, so his opponent today is named Bob – let the games begin!
He lets the tool run it’s course, he finds that Bob is quite the sub domain wizard and has assigned quite a few sub domains to systems that should not be touched by people who aren’t employees!
Mike checks for “water.hueinc.com” and finds nothing, he then tries “earth.hueinc.com” and finds Bob’s other server as well!
Mike finds that many other sub domains all follow this sort of scheme, he discovers the “hercules.hueinc.com” sub domain as well and quickly scrapes a list of all of the greek gods for his word list. Sure enough, he enumerates ten more sub domains this way! He also now has an idea of some IP ranges the company might own and checks neighboring IPs for more systems. He finds a few more this way as well!
Sadly this isn’t a unique scenario at all, many (if not the majority) of system administrators will act exactly like Bob did. It isn’t that Bob didn’t know about the possibility of sub domain brute forcing but more that he never considered that anyone who do this. Heck, Bob even found the task of coming up with new sub domain names a fun job!
The study, published in Geophysical Research Letters, examined more than half of the world's freshwater across six continents. The researchers found that, between 1985 and 2009, lake surface water temperatures "rose rapidly," according to satellite temperature data and ground measurements taken from more than 230 lakes worldwide. On average, the world's lakes are warming around 0.61 degrees Fahrenheit, or 0.34 degrees Celsius each decade—rates of warming faster than both the ocean and the atmosphere.
The Labour party is divided over the issue of where exactly they will find the ‘missing millions’ of voters that could prove the source future electoral success. Corbynistas advocate a view of their politics that is regenerative and reinvigorating, believing that their man has the capacity to capture voters that have simply disengaged with politics entirely. Their most vigorous opponents will offer a diametrically opposed opinion that portrays it as aggressive, uninhibited and self-marginalising. The Corbynite stance diverges, pivotally, from those that remain adherents of a Blairism that potentially remains valid in the post-Iraq War era. This politics views the centre ground as the critical vehicle of electability. At present, it remains unclear as to which side is more in sync with the trends that are yet to fully crystallise within British politics. There is evident uncertainty surrounding any identifiable resurgence of moderate left wing viewpoints (outside of the Corbyn bubble). This uncertainty leads people to defer simply to 'using what we currently know': supposedly, that centrist appeal wins elections. This buttresses the arguments of centrists in the short term. However, historic election results present some fascinating statistical variances that it is worth becoming reacquainted with.
“This is about working together to address the issue,” Snyder said. Lead from old pipes began leaching into water after the city’s water source was switched from Detroit to the more corrosive Flint River in 2014. Residents complained of their water’s brownish color, taste, and smell, and testing by outside experts confirmed a high presence of lead. For months, however, officials questioned the accuracy of the tests. Emails showed blame being shifted between state and local leaders, and residents concerns being dismissed. A task force later found fault with state environmental regulators, and earlier this month, Snyder apologized for the state response and declared a state of emergency. The regional administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency also resigned. The acknowledgements came far too late, according to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union also on Wednesday. “Public trust has been eroded by government officials’ efforts to evade responsibility in this crisis,” the suit said. “The damage done to city pipes from the Flint River water means that lead will continue to contaminate Flint’s drinking water. This contamination poses an ongoing health risk to the city’s residents, especially young children, who are most vulnerable to the effects of lead.” Snyder said the state’s first priority remained getting clean water to Flint. “Our goal is to get the water coming out of the tap safe as soon as possible,” Snyder said Wednesday. To do that most quickly, Snyder said officials would be working to recoat the interior of Flint’s lead pipes. Clean water is again coming into the city from Detroit, but the corroded lead pipes remain beneath Flint’s surface. Conversations about replacing lead pipes — and even identifying their location — is a longer term issue, Snyder said. “Where they are, we’re still mapping all that,” he said. “There’s a lot of work to be done there.”
Long story short, that is where our main man Manmohan Singh found himself over this Indian-US nuke deal. A main party named BJP declared that India ‘s entering this agreement with the US would compromise their national security by limiting their weapons program. Worse yet, a bunch of Commie/Marxist parties declared their boycott of the nuke deal on the grounds that it made India a subservient pawn to the ‘imperialist policies of the U.S.A. ’. Dudes, did anyone tell those Indian commies that the Cold War is over? Read the papers man!
Mr Cameron also says he and Mr Putin are working to find common ground on Syria ahead of the upcoming G8 summit and a planned international peace conference
"Over the span of 69 years of American history and 12 presidencies, President Barack Obama finds himself with President George W. Bush at the bottom of the popularity barrel," said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll.
One of the neatest things about the Wii and Wii U is the virtual console. However, the Wii U’s virtual console is nowhere near the standard the Wii one was – whereas the Wii had a bonafide library, the Wii U’s is bordering on anaemic. There are currently just 57 virtual console titles available as of the time of writing. However, that’s not to say there is nothing worth your time. Some of the best games of all time are already on it – Super Mario World, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Megaman X, Street Fighter 2 and Gradius all make an appearance. However, if you’re looking for something new, you’re unlikely to find it here. The selection at the moment is just passable – useful for those perhaps too young to have ever played these titles before, but for those that have played these a million times already, this isn’t going to draw you in.
Runner 2 is essentially a crazy hurdling event. You have a long course, having to slide under, jump over and break through obstacles, making it feel essentially like a rhythm game as the title suggests. However, the difference comes from being able to navigate the courses at this speed to try and find treasures, secret levels and alternative exits, and having 125 levels there are a lot to find. It features a bit of a learning curve which means you’ll constantly be discovering new elements of the gameplay, a truly excellent downloadable title. Of course, one of the main selling points for this series has always been the music, and Runner 2 does not dissapoint, the chiptune themes pulse through the game and will give you a real buzz.
Nano Assault Neo is one of those games that is perfect to be a digital game. It’s not very long, but it is well made, and is visceral action-based fun. You control your ship with the left analogue, and the direction you shoot with the right, and along the way pick up power-ups and ‘satellites’ which add smaller ships that accompany yours. You fight on weird shaped cells that are meant to be inside a body, and it works well enough. The only issue you’ll find is the camera tends to lag behind and not be able to keep up with the action – and in the heat of the moment this can be a problem. This is a pulse-pounding pick up and play game, that is somewhat let down by its length. Worth a pickup.
Clark Stanley's Snake Oil Liniment – produced by Clark Stanley, the "Rattlesnake King" – was tested by the United States government's Bureau of Chemistry, the precursor to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA,) in 1916.[7] It was found to contain:
Although most snake oil in the Western world was drastically overpriced and falsely advertised it is arguable whether or not it is actually representative of a placebo given that Clark Stanley's Snake Oil Liniment, the only Western produced snake oil known to have been examined, is similar in composition to modern-day capsaicin-based liniments or chest rubs. None of the oil content was found to have been extracted from actual snakes. Nonetheless, the composition of most snake oil is essentially the same as Vicks VapoRub, which contains camphor. Snake oil, and many chest rubs, utilize camphor as an active ingredient. Clark Stanley, the most renowned peddler of snake oil who is popularly known as "The Rattlesnake King," marketed a brand of snake oil containing capsaicin as an active ingredient in addition to camphor. Capsaicin also continues to be commonly used in many non-narcotic pain patches, and is found in many competing brands of chest rubs as well as in pepper spray. A critique of the historical revision giving rise to such a negative connotation for snake oil may argue that its place in English is the product of a cultural dissociation adopted from popular culture.
In 1916, subsequent to the passage of the Pure Food and Drug Act in 1906, Clark Stanley's Snake Oil Liniment was examined by the Bureau of Chemistry, and found to be drastically overpriced and of limited value. As a result, Stanley faced federal prosecution for peddling mineral oil in a fraudulent manner as snake oil. In his 1916 civil hearing instigated by federal prosecutors in the U.S. District Court for Rhode Island, Stanley plead no contest to the allegations against him, giving no admission of guilt.[7] His plea of nolo contendere was accepted, and as a result, Stanley was fined $20.00.[7] This amount of money corresponds to roughly $457 in 2018.[8] The term snake oil has since been established in popular culture as a reference to any worthless concoction sold as medicine, and has been extended to describe a widely ranging degree of fraudulent goods, services, ideas, and activities such as worthless rhetoric in politics. By further extension, a snake oil salesman is commonly used in English to describe a quack, huckster, or charlatan. It is also used in a de facto manner to describe the general nature of many modern professions such as a politician or religious leader, most especially Islamic Imams and Christian ministers. It is also commonly used in a quackery sense to describe many present day physicians and doctors associated with medical malpractice, such as an internist, as well as many attorneys filing frivolous lawsuits, and is often used as a broad term to describe anyone in the profession of sales, most commonly car salespeople and pharmaceutical sales representatives.
Zimmerman, the Democrat, said he finds it “awfully disappointing that the folks on the other side argue about who loves terrorists more, who’s more American and whatever other nonsense.”
Highway is a 400km² map which is placed in north Sweden. It´s a fictional map on the idea of the Wargame map "Highway to Hell". But only the name is the same. I´m aiming to replace all those Arma 2 objects, so A3MP/AiA will no longer be a requirement. But this is a long way, but I hope you have fun with the map at the current stage :) ir0nIt´s not a map of Bohemia Interactive, IceBreakr, M1lkm8n, SmokeDog3 or one of these other awesome mapmaker. But I hope you like it.- 20x20km Map = 400km²- Cellsize of 10 (Guide On Installing Mods highway.pbombg_buildings_3.pboMore images can be found here: http://www.ir0n.de/hwpics.html This is a WIP never forget that!- There a at the moment only 10 "citys"Please report bugs here:v0.1: create Terrian & Satmap/Masklayerv0.2: Forest, Citys, Villagesv0.3: Private Testing and more Detailsv0.4: Powernet & better streetsv0.5: Public Release (BETA)v0.6-v0.9: Community wishes and more detailsv1.0: Finish the mapv1.1-v1.5: start to replace the Arma 2 objectsv1.6: replace the MBG BuildingsI dont recommend playing the map at the moment, but you can play missions in some parts of the map! If you hate using WIP work just dont use it!Highway is Alpha at the moment and it will take quiet a time, when it will be finished.Bak0, Barandur, MiLC0RE, Greenman and mondkalb.Also big thank to: Bohemia Interactive, PlaywithSix, Foxhound (Armaholic) and all those great people on the BI & Armaholic Forums.I take no responsibility for (im)possible damage to your game/system that may be causedby installation of this Addon. This Addon is also prohibited to be used in any commercial product.This addon is not related with BIS or BISim in any way!v0.3 alpha- first public releasev0.2.11 alpha- internal release MBG Buildings 3 - European Theatre (included)
Admiral Deyo had just received a cheery send-off from his immediate boss: “We hope you will bring back a nice fish for breakfast.” Deyo was in the act of scribbling his reply when he was interrupted by an incoming report. Mitscher’s planes had just found the Japanese fleet. Deyo tried to swallow his disappointment. He finished the message with, “…if the pelicans haven’t caught them all.” Deyo had been around the navy long enough to know that some things never changed; given the chance, the damned “airedales” would steal the glory.
As each group arrived over the target, the planes had to jockey for position in the narrow band of sky between the ocean and the lowest deck of clouds at about 1,500 feet. The risk of a midair collision was almost as great as the chance of being hit by the enemy. SB2C Helldivers plummeted through any hole they could find in the overcast, sometimes sharing the space with other planes. Some lost sight of their targets in the clouds, then had to make frantic corrections as they broke clear. Radio discipline had vanished, the tactical frequency was a bedlam of excited chatter, pilots yelling out target locations, calling bomb hits, reporting planes going down.
This section outlines the main currents of historical philosophical thought about suicide in ‘the West’ (Europe, the Middle East, and North America). Such an emphasis should not obscure the rich traditions of thought originating outside those geographical confines, however. Important thinkers from Africa, Asia, and the indigenous populations of the Western hemisphere took a philosophical interest in suicide. Little appears to unite philosophical thinking about suicide from these traditions aside from the fact that they are far less influenced by monotheism than is the Western tradition. Some of the ethical considerations concerning suicide raised in these traditions are also found in Western thought. For instance, the claim that suicide may violate ethical duties to others is addressed by Confucius, who primarily views the matter through the lens of filial piety (Confucius 2003). Others, for example the Jain practice of, a type of spiritual fasting intended to hasten death, do not seem to have correlates in the Western tradition (Umaswati 1992). Unfortunately, the diversity of positions within the non-Western traditions preclude easy summation. Those interested in these traditions are urged to consult Battin (2015). (The online archive of Battin (2015) is particularly useful in this regard; users can search for philosophical writings on suicide based on geographic origin and intellectual tradition.)
The rediscovery of numerous texts of classical antiquity was one of the spurs of the Renaissance, but for the most part, Renaissance intellectuals generally affirmed the Church’s opposition to suicide and were not sympathetic to the more permissive attitudes toward suicide found among the ancient pagans. Two intriguing sixteenth century exceptions were Thomas More and Michel de Montaigne. In his Utopia, More appears to recommend voluntary suicide for those suffering from painful and incurable diseases, though the satirical and fantastical tone of that work makes it doubtful that More supported this proposal in reality. In his Essais, Montaigne relates several anecdotes of individuals taking their own lives and intersperses these anecdotes with quotations from Roman writers praising suicide. While his general skepticism prevented Montaigne from staking out a firm moral position on suicide, he gives only a nod to the orthodox Christian position and conceptualizes the issue not in traditional theological terms but as a matter of personal judgment or conscience (Minois 1999, 89–92).
In April of 2005 my sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and I, along with my sister's dog, Zoe, were in a car accident. We couldn't take Zoe with us as we were being transported to the hospital to be examined, so dog control held on to Zoe. She escaped from them, and despite our searching, we found that she had been hit by a car a few days later.
It was three days after that when my sister went to the SPCA to adopt another dog, with the idea that it would help her to cope with the loss of Zoe. We found a scared, seven month old Rottweiler mix there, "Emerald". He'd been a stray transferred to our area's SPCA from the city nearby. We brought the family dog, Brutus, to meet him. Old Brutus approved. My sister and her (now) husband adopted "Emerald" there and then.
He loved to run. Anywhere he could be off leash was paradise for him. The first time he went to the family cabin, he ran around so much he made me scared that he was going to take off and not come back! I came to find out that he'd never go far, though. Even when we came across deer in the woods that he wanted to chase, he wouldn't leave me.
His last couple of days he was so exhausted, but he couldn't seem to get comfortable... You could hear him cry very softly as he breathed. The vet finally got back to me about his test results. His parathyroid levels were normal, which left the only other cause to cancer. She said we could pursue it and try to find the cancer (we had absolutely no idea where it was or anything like that) ... I don't think he was strong enough, even if we were to find the cancer, to undergo treatments or surgery at that point. He was shutting down. He had lost weight, the muscles on his shoulders were sunken in ... Being at the vet made him miserable anyway - his poor nose was rubbed raw from his stay at the emergency vet and I was told he wouldn't stop barking. I felt that would be cruel to put him through that. I couldn't let him suffer any more.
I will go on, I'll find the strength,
Brittany Wenger, a student at Florida high school, was disappointed in the number of non-invasive procedures used to detect breast cancer, along with their relatively inconclusive results. As you do when you’re faced with a problem, you find a solution, and boy did she ever do that.
During 2014, it was reported that 90 to 95 percent of Gaza’s water supply was unfit for drinking. The Palestinian Water Authority found that the aquifer on which Gaza depends was highly polluted with pesticides and untreated sewage.
The timing of Skipper’s resignation seems a bit of a mystery. Skipper had just signed a multi-year contract extension in November. How does one develop a long-term substance problem in a month? Perhaps ESPN just became aware of Skipper’s issue in the last month, though, that too would seem unlikely. Moreover, it’s likely that ESPN would at least attempt to offer some kind of counseling as opposed to compelling Skipper to resign, if they just found out about Skipper’s issue after signing him to a brand new deal. Could there be something another, bigger story behind this announcement?
The answer may be found higher up the food chain. Disney CEO Bob Iger is a rumored 2020 Democrat presidential candidate. Considering how crucial the female vote is, especially in a Democratic primary, one would think that Iger would move aggressively to quash any potentially damaging sexual harassment scandal at one of his larger networks.
For the sake of discussion, let’s take a moment to consider the best series of 2012 between two of the best series currently airing that share a lot in common. Who would win in a fight? Let’s touch gloves and find out.
By design the porn industry is often to be found at the extremes of the human race's moral compass. So recently, when one industry man began a campaign with a stated aim of bringing the cyberlocker market to its knees, one might expect things to have gotten a little dirty. Well they have - absolutely filthy - just ask Putlocker, ExtaBit, TurboBit and a growing list of others, all victims of a concerted operation to strangle their finances and put them out of business.
“Personally I don’t know whether a file entitled ’12yogirlraped.avi’ actually contains a movie of a 12-year-old girl being raped or a legal adult video being named a misleading file name. It would be stupid of anyone to download it to find out unless they were involved in law enforcement in that field.
“However the mere connotation that there are files named this way is, in itself, unconscionable. Where we find a systematic pattern of what appears to be child pornography based upon file names we refer the matters where possible. We are not about to download the material ourselves to find out what the file actually contains. This is a job for policing and child protection agencies,” King notes.
Of course the skills you’ll gain as a leader could be useful someday. But wouldn’t you rather find other ways to beef up your résumé? There’s plenty of other ways to build leadership experience. Why pick a one-stop shop for leadership opportunities with access to amazing nationally-recognized programs when you can pick up a few books or maybe join a student organization or two? Never mind that most fraternity and sorority members are encouraged (or required) to join another student organization. You don’t need anyone telling you what to do. College isn’t about rules or accountability, and there will be plenty of time to develop leadership skills later.
A benefit of being part of a fraternity or sorority is definitely being able to give back to important causes. But don’t you have your own expenses to take care of? College is expensive. Your bills could include rent, groceries, cell phone, utilities, beer, car insurance, gas, clothes, and spring break. Would you even want to try to give ten extra bucks to help find a cure for cancer? And who wants to give up precious weekend hours for community service? Someone else can build that Habitat home. Obviously you don’t need to even be in a fraternity or sorority to perform service or philanthropy. Plenty of college students do it. But I’m sure you’ve got other things on your plate.
Any personnel found to be engaging in unauthorized communication with SCP-1789 are to be given a formal reprimand. Any personnel found to be attempting to carry out one of SCP-1789’s commands are to be terminated. All changes in SCP-1789-1's flow rate are to be monitored and recorded.
to be transported to a non-specific location, described as a “Cradle for the Kings". SCP-1789 expressed the desire to be reunited with what it described as “the multitudes of flesh ascendant, where the scattered remains of the King shall once again establish their domain over the beasts of this Earth.” The initial hypothesis that SCP-1789 was referring to the Valley of the Kings in Egypt was disproven when a covert Foundation archeological expedition to the region found no anomalous activity. However, due to the size of the target area and the ambiguity of SCP-1789's statements, it has been deemed impossible to determine the veracity of SCP-1789's claims. Furthermore, the same archaeological team discovered [DATA EXPUNGED] with outstretched finger [DATA EXPUNGED] near the original dig site. All of SCP-1789’s statements regarding the “Cradle for the Kings” have been recorded in Document-1789-19c (Level 4 Clearance required to access.)
SCP-1789 was found in █████’s basement. SCP-1789-1’s flow rate was measured at approximately one liter per twelve hours. The remains of several domesticated dogs were found scattered throughout the basement (pictures and after-action reports can be found in Document-1789-2b). The dogs’ bones had been first splintered with a butcher knife, and then strung together with twine to form a crude ring, which was found decorating SCP-1789. SCP-1789 was resting on the minimally-decayed body of one of the slaughtered dogs.
After SCP-1789 was contained in Foundation custody, the flow rate of SCP-1789-1 dramatically decreased, and SCP-1789 began to undergo superficial necrosis. The remains found in █████’s basement have not displayed any anomalous properties. The O5 council has elected not to reintroduce the remains recovered from █████'s basement or any previously constructed ornaments to SCP-1789’s environment.
Putting it on the Play Store in the first place was probably a mistake — it could have remained solely an APK for download from GitHub. My curiosity of seeing how many downloads it would get is partially to blame (currently 70k), and I thought that the convenience of the store would help developers find it.
Special thanks to everyone who’s contributed to the project, and to Robbie Vanbrabant for reading a draft of this post. If you enjoyed reading this post, you can find me on twitter @emmaguy
What do these attacks look like in practice? Most attempts to compromise a system start with scanning of the entire network to find potential ingress points. That scanning behaviour is pretty obvious, so the smokescreen attack can be used to obscure it, said Shoemaker.
Even then, you’ll find that attackers will switch techniques while inside a target’s network, he warned. “They’re trying to find out what’s most effective in an environment, but also keep shifting the behaviour so that it’s harder for the people protecting the system to mitigate against it.”
“Global cyber criminals target non-chip cards and they have found Bangladesh a perfect hunting ground,” said Abul Kashem Mohammad Shirin, deputy managing director of Dutch-Bangla Bank, the first bank to introduce EMV debit card in Bangladesh.
Munir finds it surprising that even a big foreign bank, in business here for long, that introduced cards before any other bank, is yet to issue chip cards. “These banks take a lot of fee for issuing a card, but are not taking any measures to protect their customers,” he said.
But Munir of Q Cash finds no additional cost except buying chip card that costs hardly Tk 70-80 apiece. A non EMV card costs around Tk 25.
No Events Scheduled for Imagine Dragons in Orlando. Click Here to find Imagine Dragons tickets in the Orlando area.
Andrews first encountered bureaucratic evasion on environmental issues while doing research in 2003-04 on coal fires in China that became part of his senior thesis at Princeton. Such fires, which can occur naturally or are ignited by mining operations, are found worldwide and can burn for years, causing heavy environmental damage. In China's western Xinjiang province, Andrews visited a site where authorities had claimed a long-burning fire had been put out. "I decided go to see how it was extinguished, and flames were visible and the entire thing was still burning," he says. "They said it was put out, and who is to say otherwise?"
The matrix encrusting the nasal attachment of the premaxilla was removed, analyzed, and compared to the matrix of the holotype maxilla. They were found to be similar in aspect and mineralogical composition, supporting the hypothesis that the three specimens came from the same geological age [i.e., Middle Jurassic, Bathonian,167.7–164.7 MA ( Cohen et al., 2013 )] and stratigraphic horizon [Sakaraha Formation sensu Geiger, Clark & Mette (2004) , formerly mentioned in the literature as the Isalo IIIb subunit,‘Faciès Mixte Dinosauriens’ ( Besairie, 1972 )].
Tell General [Oliver Otis] Howard I know his heart. What he told me before, I have it in my heart. I am tired of fighting. Ta-hool-hool-shute is dead. Looking-Glass is dead. The old men are all dead. It is the young men who say "Yes" or "No." He who led on the young men is dead. It is cold, and we have no blankets; the little children are freezing to death. My people, some of them, have run away to the hills, and have no blankets, no food. No one knows where they are—perhaps freezing to death. I want to have time to look for my children, and see how many of them I can find. Maybe I shall find them among the dead. Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired; my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands I will fight no more forever.
It is encouraging that a vast majority of Americans were awakened by the parody that was the 2016 (s)election process, and many more are now beginning to see past the propaganda due to this quickly spreading citizen investigation poorly named: PizzaGate. Yet, there remains a strong loyalist faction of Americans who are simply terrified of the prospect of these investigations being true, as that would call into question a lifetime of choices under this false paradigm. Which is why it is now of the utmost importance that videos such as these find their way into the hands of those reeling from this divide, yet still holding firmly onto the comforting lies of the State.
Having earlier argued that there was a First Amendment issue to be found in the aggregate limits because they hindered an individual's right to participate in the political process -- It is here helpful to note the everlasting irony of Antonin Scalia's view of Bush v. Gore. There is no individual right to vote, but an individual's right to purchase a candidate must be untrammeled -- but here, Roberts is saying it plain. To restrict money is to restrict speech. Period. And the only real legal restraint on the wholesale subletting of American democracy is John Roberts's strange devotion to "disclosure" as some sort of shaming mechanism within the electorate. Good luck with that one.
If you find yourself hungry later in the day or at odd hours, stop by the shoebox-sized Pizza e Sfizi Sulmona for a delicious thin-crust wood-fired pie. The dough here is slapped out on the counter rather than tossed, creating a delicate, chewy crust. An entire margherita pizza here will set yoeuu back just 3.50 euro ($3.80).
Two of the Detroit area's top chefs — Mabel Gray's James Rigato and Bacco's Luciano DelSignore — recently staged a pop-up dinner at Marramiero Winery just outside the small town of Rosciano. The winery produces some excellent Montepulciano, Trebbiano and Pecorino wines, but also breaks from tradition. For its "Inferi" wine, Montepulciano is aged in French oak barrels for 14-18 months, as opposed to the more traditional "Incanto," which is aged in stainless steel tanks. Marramiero also offers a brilliant brut rose made from pinot noir that you can't find anywhere in the U.S.
And if after eating and drinking your way through Abruzzo, you find that you still haven't had enough, you can always find the free wine fountain at the Dora Sarchese vineyard near Ortona in the Chieti province. You can fill your cup with free Montepulciano all you want, so long as you drink it there.
You probably noticed the headlines that followed the Harvard study’s publication: “All Red Meat is Risky, a Study finds” and “Eating All Red Meat Increases Death and More Reasons to Never Eat Meat.” And yes, the authors who evaluated the health and diet of over 120,000 health professionals between 1980 and 2006 did find that study participants who ate a daily serving of unprocessed red meat (a three-ounce serving of beef, pork, or lamb as a main dish, mixed dish, or in a sandwich) had a 13 percent greater chance of death during the study.
Based on the study results, it’s not hard to see why. In addition to finding that a daily serving of unprocessed red meat increased participants’ mortality risk by 13 percent, the authors found that those who ate a daily serving of processed red meat (i.e., two slices of bacon, one hot dog, a piece of sausage, salami, bologna, or other cold cut) had an increased risk of death of 20 percent. Furthermore, the study found that hot dogs and bacon are associated with a higher risk than other processed red meats.
Suspect No. 1: Nitrites: added for flavor and to preserve meat’s pink color and extend shelf life. The authors cited studies linking blood nitrite levels to a disorder affecting the inner lining of the blood vessels and impaired insulin response. Nitrites can also convert to carcinogens, but the addition of ascorbic acid (vitamin C) or ethyorbic acid inhibit their formation. You can find uncured bacon in the grocery store, though these products still contain naturally derived nitrites. And since the carcinogens form during high-temperature cooking, it’s best to avoid charring your hot dogs or eating very well-done or burnt bacon.
Scientists have now confirmed for the first time that the 2010 quake ruptured a long fault along the coast of Chile, and found that it raised land to a higher elevation in the south and sunk the Earth's surface in the North, according to the study.
Researchers found a white fringe formed by a kind of dead algae that is common along the Chilean coast. These normally pink algae are bleached by sunshine, and gave researchers a direct way to measure the grounds' uplift. [See images of Chile's raised coast]
Using the algae as a marker, the research team, led by Marcelo Farias at the University of Chile, found that the largest uplift was roughly 8.2 feet (2.5 meters) at the Arauco Peninsula. The uplift also shifted the coastline in some places 1,640 feet (500 m) toward the ocean.
"This U.S. DOT investigation is nothing more than a weak attempt to embarrass the people of Alabama and exploit our state in the name of a political agend," he said in a statement issued Wednesday . "I am confident that the U.S. DOT investigation will find no basis for the claims of discrimination. It is time for the Obama administration and aspiring national politicians to listen to facts, stop wasting taxpayers' dollars and put the political agendas away."
DOT says it has not reached any conclusions but if it finds these closures are discriminatory, the agency will first allow the state to come into compliance by making those services available once again. If Alabama does not comply, the Department of Transportation says it could strip the state of millions of dollars in federal funding that's used towards DMV programs.
NEW YORK, NY (June 19, 2014) — For the first time, a therapy has been found that can delay progression of metastatic uveal melanoma, a rare and deadly form of melanoma of the eye. Results from a multicenter clinical trial show that a new drug called selumetinib increases progression-free survival, the length of time during and after treatment that a patient with metastases lives with the disease without its progressing. The findings were published in the online edition of JAMA, the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Several years ago, researchers found that 80 percent of patients with uveal melanoma had mutations to GNAQ or GNA11, genes that activate signals in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. Dr. Schwartz and others subsequently demonstrated that inhibition of MEK, a key enzyme in the MAPK pathway, can inhibit the growth of uveal melanoma cells in the laboratory. Dr. Schwartz’s laboratory was the first to show this with selumetinib.
A man who's burned out on life and love undergoes a mysterious treatment, only to find that he's been replaced by a better version of himself.
Browsers and transpilers aren’t the only place async needs to be supported for it to become mainstream of course; frameworks and libraries also need to support it. “If you want to write async style code but you have a bunch of frameworks that weren’t written in that style, those frameworks are still going to do callbacks,” he points out. “Async works fantastically if you have a promise based library that you’re coding against. Often, though, libraries are not promise-based and then you have to promisify them or find a promisified version of that same functionality. That will be the challenge, because that’s the glue that connects you from the callback to the async world.”
When he's in a rush, Bergoglio picks up the phone himself. "I find this uncomplicated way of doing things very positive," says powerful Swiss Curia Cardinal Kurt Koch in his reception room. Koch is the president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity and a member of five congregations. He was even considered a pope-candidate, or "papabile," before the 2013 Conclave.
Well, you've been teased and tortured with a plethora of images and even video but now OS 10.3.0.296 has leaked. At this point, some of the stuff we've seen teased is in the OS and some of it is not, you'll just have to go through it all to find out what's there and what's not. Also of note, it's not available for all devices but if you have a BlackBerry Z10 STL100-3 then you can go ahead and give it a go and I'm sure some autoloaders will get made for other devices eventually.
Games with roguelike elements have recently had a large jump in popularity. However, most players find these games hard to get into: they are usually exceedingly complex in UI and game rules. Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements aimed to revitalize the genre with stylized graphics and an intuitive gameplay scheme that teaches itself, rather than having to be taught.
It's frustrating: Miller goes down just as Meyer and Herman seemed to corral the right mixture of talent at receiver – the weak link in the offensive chain in each of the staff's first two seasons. Though Barrett might struggle getting this group involved, you have to like its overall makeup. Senior Devin Smith (44 receptions for 660 yards) leads the charge, taking on the mantle of go-to target, while Wilson seems more and more likely to spend the majority of his time in the slot. There'll always be a role for senior Evan Spencer (22 for 216), if only thanks to reliability. At tight end, OSU has a clear all-conference pick in senior Jeff Heuerman (26 for 466) and a solid backup in junior Nick Vannett. It's a bit more uncertain from there, though not for a lack of options: Georgia Tech transfer Jeff Greene or sophomore Michael Thomas could start at flanker, for example, giving OSU some major size, and the Buckeyes need to find a way to get speedy underclassmen such as James Clark and Johnnie Dixon involved in multiple-receiver sets. In total, this is the strongest receiver corps of Meyer's tenure.
Vaughan said that under lax standards during the Obama administration, the government accepted the vast majority of “credible fear” claims. Statistics published by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services indicate the new administration has applied a bit more scrutiny. During the first four months of fiscal year 2017 — during Obama’s presidency — the government found credible fear had been established in 79 percent of cases. That dropped to 73 percent during the next month months under Trump.
The majority of American Indians find the name “Redskins” offensive, according to the most recent polling. The 2014 poll from California State University, San Bernardino found that 67 percent of American Indians agreed that the term is “a racial or racist word and symbol,” while 12 percent were neutral and 20 percent disagreed.
Finally, if you wish to take a crack at analyzing the data (or verifying this post!) please contact me (you can find my contact info on the site). The data format is an MS SQL database (works with the free Express edition) and sorry, I’m not going to convert it for you, it’s a lot of data. I ask that you be willing to share anything you find, and I’ll update this post with a link to yours below.
The spate of disease outbreaks marks something of a comeuppance for a company that has satirized so-called "factory" farms in its marketing, criticizing their mechanized growing practices, as well as fast-food chains for using preservatives. In October, Chipotle produced a fake commercial in which a customer walks into a fictitious restaurant chain named "Cheapotle," where she finds a slew of artificial ingredients going into her food.
A few days later, Friedemann entered Stevens Hall off the school’s collegiate quad to find Romney marching out of his own room ahead of a prep school posse shouting about their plan to cut Lauber’s hair. Friedemann followed them to a nearby room where they came upon Lauber, tackled him and pinned him to the ground. As Lauber, his eyes filling with tears, screamed for help, Romney repeatedly clipped his hair with a pair of scissors.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Khaalid Walls told the Detroit Free Press that 86 people were found inside an abandoned building. He added that those arrested will be held in ICE custody “pending removal proceedings.”
Walls said the building was raided in part of an investigation that had been going on for several months, the paper reported. Officials said they found more than 100 birds in the building.
After spending most of a Saturday wandering down a dead end, I was ready to give up. Until Anjali found a NOAA ftp server with exactly the data I was looking for! The format was a bit strange - a shapefile with a grid of points showing calculated rainfall. I threw together a rough script to download the last few days of observations, combine them into a csv and plot the values.
/r/guns had a thread this morning about the type of weapon used in the Vegas shooting. I couldn’t find any concrete information about the weapons used, so we started to explore ways of helping a lay audience understand the noises made by different kinds of fire rates.
For those who do end up housed in one of the makeshift centres, the future is not much more certain. In the eastern port of Augusta, which has found itself playing a central role in the Mare Nostrum reception strategy not long after its local council was dissolved for mafia infiltration, a former primary school has been reopened to give basic food and shelter to some of the large numbers of unaccompanied minors who have come into port this year.
Arrow Season 5: Newly appointed Mayor Oliver Queen finds himself challenged as he fights on two fronts for the future of Star City. With Diggle back in the military and Thea adamant about hanging up her hood as Speedy, Team Green Arrow is down to just Oliver and Felicity – but they’re no longer the only vigilantes in town. Green Arrow’s public defeat of Damien Darhk at the end of Season Four has inspired a new crop of masked heroes to step up and defend the city, though their painful inexperience makes them obstacles, rather than allies, in the field. The arrival of a deadly new adversary will force Oliver to confront questions about his own legacy, both as mayor and as the Green Arrow.
As for the booty, Chu washes it and hunts for the rightful owner. If she can't find the owner, she stores the loot in boxes in the dining room. The boxes are now piled two deep.
"We always try to find meaning in what animals do," Liljenwall said. "But maybe he just does this because it's fun."
But an analysis by The Times of the first three months of dispositions in her courtroom found that in the most common charges to come before her, robbery in the first degree and attempted murder, defendants pleaded to the top charge more frequently than they had in the five years before she arrived.
“Every employee here manages to find their place based on their skills,” Rimicci said, explaining for example how one staffer, Marco, was too shy to work with customers but proved to be “a real machine” in the kitchen.
In my investigations, one elector noted that he believed he had a duty to vote his conscience if he were to find out that his party's nominee was a "madman" in the time between the nation votes and the time the Electoral College votes.
“Being a college guy last year (with the Select Team in a USA camp), I don’t think anyone knew who I was,” said McDermott, who headed for rookie orientation from Las Vegas. “I was getting a lot of open looks. I don’t think they knew I was a shooter. This year guys (on defense) are starting to find me more. They are a lot more physical with me. The biggest takeaway for me is how physical it is and how good they really are.
Sadly, the so-called “ex-gay movement” has found a home in global evangelicalism. In October, 2010, in Cape Town, South Africa, 4,000 global evangelical leaders from 198 countries convened for the Third Lausanne Congress on World Evangelization—the biggest gathering of global evangelical leaders in modern history. Among the attendees were members of Exodus Global Alliance (EGA), a network of “ex-gay” groups. The Alliance was tasked with leading a discussion on “Sexuality, Truth, and Grace.” In its presentations, EGA argued that “compassionate” conversion therapy and prayers for LGBTQ people were the best approaches to homosexuality.
To be honest, this isn't a surprise. Once Kirk Herbstreit (still a very influential figure in Columbus, make no mistake) got involved publicly, it was always going to be difficult to see The Torg find a way back from his suspension. Not to mention there must have been some pressure from above for the ESPN Radio affiliate in Columbus to disassociate themselves with Torgerson after he jokingly wished firing or death upon Desmond Howard.
Steven Paletz, 27, had been away for the Jewish holiday this weekend, returning last night to find six feet of water in his Houston home. He then watched his dining room table float away.
Aetherworks Marvel decks were the archtype that showed up in the greatest numbers, constituting nearly 18% of the total field on Day 1. When they work, the various flavors of Marvel decks can drop a gigantic threat such as Ulamog or Emrakul into play as early as Turn 4. They have also generated some truly embarrassing moments for their pilots however, with too many of their top end threats stuck in hand resulting in fail to find adventures when activating the Marvel. Heading into Day 2 it will be important to identify whether a proportional number of these decks have made it through to Day 2, or whether the group think on going big was off the mark. The spike has already taken place however, with the card pushing from $10 to $20 early Friday evening. It will need to make Top 8 to avoid a wholescale sell off by the speculators come Monday.
Franks mentions that he found that the other aggro decks were step behind this build in presenting early game pressure.
Game 1 Carlos gets off a two target Quarantine Field on Kalitas and Mindwrack Demon to empty the board. This opens up a sequence a few turns later where Carlos finds himself with a pair of Torrential Gearhulks in play, and the onslaught is too much for Hill to deflect. Romao is now a game away from making Top 8 of the Pro Tour only a week after winning his 2nd GP of the season. Impressive!
Some people stated in the presence of Sufyaan al-Thawri that they found this hadeeth strange, and Sufyaan said: Why do you find this strange? Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): “There is no good in most of their secret talks save (in) him who orders Sadaqah (charity in Allaah’s Cause), or Ma‘roof (Islamic Monotheism and all the good and righteous deeds which Allaah has ordained), or conciliation between mankind” [al-Nisa’ 4:114].
Please carry this idea in the back of your head for a couple of days. If you find that you want to look into it some more, there’s a rich tradition of thought that’s well represented online that I hope you take a look at. Here’s one YouTube playlist compiled by user PeaceRequiresAnarchy that does a great job of hitting the most important ideas.
This is such a dynamic and successful strategy for Musumeci, it explains why we rarely find in him positions to pass guard. In fact, in our study we only observed him passing the guard twice. That means he has one of the lowest pass percentages we’ve ever recorded in the study (17%).
Mr Justice Kevin Feeney found that there were insufficient principles and policies in the legislation governing JLCs to permit them to operate constitutionally.
Addendum 2488-Beta: Miscellaneous Recovered Documents Hide Addendum DOCUMENT 2488 15-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall Meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting transcript implies that this was the first encounter with the anomaly related to SCP-2488. Several moments of hysteria among attendees broke out during the course of the meeting, calling for the mayor to sequester the newly reanimated subjects. It was, however, the sentiment of a small group of attendees that this was a newly raised opportunity from God. This group was later identified as members of the Safety Harbor Christian Chapel. Citizens of Safety Harbor agreed to isolate recently dead persons in a location that supposedly no longer exists. At the time, it was used as a general storage area for the town, near the western limit. Reanimated persons were to be held here until their second expiration. A rotating one-month cleanout process was established. DOCUMENT 2488 17-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Safety Harbor Chapel board meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting's transcript implies some disagreement over the board's stance on the reanimated subjects. The discussed religious implications mostly resulted in dissent and disagreement among members, some of which opposed the confinement of reanimated persons. By the end of the meeting, no official verdict was established. DOCUMENT 2488 23-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall meeting, circa early 1934 This is the third documented meeting solely on the topic of SCP-2488 events. Citizens show less aversion to reanimated subjects than before, after discussion of recent events. According to the transcript, a group of citizens (mostly from two of the town's larger families) broke into the warehouse and freed their reanimated relatives. After most reanimated persons had left the premise, a large procession was held for the proper burial of those who had experienced their second expiration. A mob of other citizens gathered to re-contain reanimated persons. It was at this time that Foundation personnel stepped in, suggesting that reanimated persons may not be inherently violent or ill-willed, like many held as a preconceived notion. During this night, after a Foundation-facilitated agreement was made between a significant portion of the town, the first "grave parties" were held. Although the original intent was a small town gathering the following day, the expiration of several reanimated persons led to their burial during the festivities, which initiated a newly found notion of "grave parties". DOCUMENT 2488 34-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Mayor Burk's self-presented eulogy, circa late 1935 The eulogy delivered by Mayor Burk, apparently while standing on a podium over his self-dug grave, summarizes events since the beginning of SCP-2488 manifestation events. (This also marked the beginning of the tradition for reanimated subjects to dig their own graves, which was integrated as a part of "grave parties".) The presence of reanimated subjects at this time is considered a normal occurrence in Safety Harbor, and the original misgivings of citizens are restated. Despite the fear, and the destruction of the original town hall during the first reanimation event, Safety Harbor is summarized as showing immense growth, especially with the construction of a new town hall in early 1934, by reanimated subjects and living subjects alike. After delivering this eulogy, the "grave party" ensued until Mayor Burk stated a slowly approaching weakness coming over him, at which point he was lowered into his grave, and the celebration continued with a ceremonial filling of the grave and a second dessert course.
Notes from Investigation Member Taylor: This recovered documentation was discovered as investigation into SCP-2488 was initiated. An abandoned office space found near the center of Safety Harbor, roped off as "Heritage Restoration In Progress", was one of the first subjects for investigation. No one had ever heard of the place before, and it didn't show up on the town map. It was, as the mayor said, a storage space full of heritage documents that they didn't dare to go through, lest they damage or lose any of them. Prior to amnesticization, we inquired a little into the SCP-2488 events, to see if he knew anything. The mayor couldn't tell us much, other than that it was some old folklore rolling around the town.
It wasn't high on the list of priorities, but as a National Historical Landmark site, we had to check it out. With the initial readings, the metal detectors, the sonic detection membranes, radiation counters, we weren't getting anything more than old coins and a few rusty nails. There was only one thing left to go through, and that was the burial mound. The Tocobaga people supposedly resided here, some long time ago. Way before the town was officially established. We had to set up this blinded pavilion around it, to make sure no one was suspicious of it, and we roped off the area. After the local government was ensured we wouldn't meddle with things, and we established a cover story for the removal of invasive plant species, we were going through it. It wasn't potentially destructive root systems that we found down there, though. Along with the decomposed remains of a supposed Tocobaga native, we found a milk bottle. We can't make heads or tails of it. There's some further investigation going into it now. The brains over at 147 think they've found some sort of radiation coming off of it that's interfering with most of our investigation into it, but we're trying to see if we can glean much else. So far, everything has been negligible. We did a bit of research into the Tocobaga people. Records indicate that they were driven from the area by the Spanish around 1528, and left behind this burial mound. It was once a place of ceremony, where the native people could celebrate various events - among them was death, which, according to recovered artifacts, was seen as a passing on rather than a final ending for life. They had this belief of ancestral spirits - once their elders died, the elders' spirits would remain to assist the living in intangible ways, and watch over them. The Tocobaga people, those that survived, dispersed among the population. We couldn't find much on what the few survivors did as they moved on, but we did find one document. In one of the smaller heritage sites near the edge of town, there were some documents, journals, that implied that the resident had some native heritage in them. There were many indications that not only was this individual important in the preservation of this site, but also that they visited it, on a daily basis, early in the morning, following the vandalism. The individual's documents end abruptly in November of 1939, which correlates to some of the approximate ending dates for SCP-2488 events. We've initiated some more investigation into the individual, but, I don't think much will turn up.
Bureau of Statistics finds one in five women have experienced sexual violence but overall rate of violence is dropping
The survey also found women are far more like to be stalked.
Between now and January is our window to act. Call your local representatives, share this article and others which expose the TPP for what it really is. By contacting your incoming representatives now before they arrive in Washington in January, you will be able to have your voice heard before they are inundated with lobbyists who are bent on pushing the TPP into law. As we know, endless favors and money often have the ability to sway the opinions of politicians. Now is your time to act before it is too late. You can find contact information for your local representative here. It only takes a few minutes to call and tell them that you do not support fast track and you do not support TPP.
Police said officers found an unloaded gun in Lee's car. They took the gun "as evidence pending further investigation," police said.
Authorities named the shooter as Ronald Gasser, 54, and said he stayed at the scene and turned his gun in to officers. Gasser was in custody and was being questioned, Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand said. The sheriff said McKnight did not have a gun, and deputies did not find a gun outside McKnight's vehicle.
The GEC is emerging as a place where technologists in both the intelligence community and Facebook types, people who find themselves on opposite sides of several key issues, can find common ground and common mission.
Other tools include polling and traditional marketing analysis, and some new ones, such as the Quantitative Crisis Response, or QCR, from DARPA, described in the agency’s budget as a big data analysis tool to find patterns to “understand the true nature of non-traditional threats, track the effectiveness of remedial measures and develop or optimize alternative strategies.”
Connauton will likely spend this season in Chicago with the Wolves. It will be his sixth city in six years of upper-level hockey, so the adjustment to a new system under a new coach may take a little more time. Hopefully Craig MacTavish can emphasize the right parts of his game to offer Mike Gillis as a bit of insurance in the unlikely case that six or seven of the Canucks top defensemen go down at some point during the season (like that will ever happen). His constant year-to-year movement is a likely reason why Connauton has turned to the online world to build friendships. His twitter account can be found @k_nauts and it appears as if the young defenseman has gotten off to a good start finding his place within the classy establishments within the city of Vancouver.
'Leccy Tech Strange things can often be found off the beaten track at car exhibitions, and the dustier corners of the Pavillon Vert at this year's Geneva Motor Show proved no exception.
The Attorney General’s office found there was “no basis for any action,” but a second anti-Palestinian group renewed this harassment of Klein last month.
Comparisons of the birds’ genomes with those of other animals pointed researchers towards a host of genes involved with the emergence of coloured feathers. While feathers may first have emerged for warmth, colourful plumage may have played a part in mating success. Researchers at the University of South Carolina found that waterbirds had the lowest number of genes linked to feather coloration, while domesticated pets and agricultural birds had eight times as many.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the scientists found differences in the vocal regions of the parrot brain. These birds had an area of brain for producing song that was surrounded by a secondary region, leading to what the researchers called “a song system within a song system”.
Researchers led by Cai Li, at the Beijing Genomics Institute, analysed the genomes of Adélie and emperor penguins and found scores of genetic changes that help them adapt to the frigid conditions.
Both penguins were found to have a beefed-up gene set for making proteins for feathers, ensuring a densely packed covering of the short, stiff feathers, which keeps heat in and water out.
As part of a research team studying galaxies, two University of Maryland scientists recently helped find a wild one.
That's odd, as such jets are usually found in elliptical galaxies, which contain stars that are older than those found in spirals. This is only the fourth spiral galaxy found so far to emit these jets. It is also the first "grand design" galaxy to show a "halo" of visible light around it, probably the glow of a vast cloud of stars.
Black holes are not exactly "holes" in the sense of empty space, but objects of great mass, with a gravitational force so powerful that they trap light and anything else in their proximity. As a result, they can't be detected through light, radio waves or other conventional means of astronomical observation, presenting a blank spot, a "hole" in the fabric of space. Astronomers usually find them by detecting the hot material in the vicinity of the hole.
The development of this theory began in 1993 and a representative early formulation is found in the online article Conceptual Integration and Formal Expression.[1] Turner and Fauconnier cite Arthur Koestler's 1964 book The Act of Creation as an early forerunner of conceptual blending: Koestler had identified a common pattern in creative achievements in the arts, sciences and humor that he had termed "bisociation of matrices."[2] A newer version of blending theory, with somewhat different terminology, was presented in Turner and Fauconnier's 2002 book, The Way We Think.[3] Conceptual blending, in the Fauconnier and Turner formulation, is one of the theoretical tools used in George Lakoff and Rafael Núñez's Where Mathematics Comes From, in which the authors assert that "understanding mathematics requires the mastering of extensive networks of metaphorical blends."[4]
Rachel Paxton-Gillilan is a freelance writer. You can find her on Twitter @rachpax.
Why didn’t I include this smart garage door opener? Honestly, I just didn’t find a lot about it at the time. It seemed to be a newcomer to the playing field and I wanted to focus on devices that had been around for a while. It only had 70 something odd reviews on Amazon, compared to hundreds for other garage door openers.
You first need to find where your current remote attaches to. Here’s a picture of what my garage door opener looks like.
I did find my wire ends to be a bit long, so I ended up snipping them a little bit until I didn’t have much exposed wire on either end. At this point, let’s plug everything in and test our connection. No need to mount it just yet.
Log into https://graph.api.smartthings.com/login/auth Click on My Device Handlers and add a new device handler. Click on From Code at the top and paste everything from this webpage. Literally, select everything on that page and paste it into the box. Click on My SmartApps and add a new SmartApp. Click on From Code at the top and paste everything from this webpage. Literally, select everything on that page and paste it into the box. Once it’s added, click on the title of your new app. You’ll be taken to a new page. On the right hand side, you’ll find a button labeled App Settings. Click on that. Scroll down to OAuth and enable that. Then click the Update button on the bottom. You then want to go back to that same webpage from Step 6 and click on the Publish button. Select For Me. If you’ve done all of this correctly, the status of your SmartApp will be Published and it will say true in the OAuth column. You’ll now want to go to My Device Handlers. Click on the title of your device and publish it the same way you published the SmartApp.
Once all that is done, we’re going to go into the SmartThings app on your phone. Click on Marketplace and scroll to the bottom to find + My Apps.
If you don’t see My Apps listed there, log out of the app and log back in. If you still don’t see it, you’re probably having the same issue I did at first. Fortunately, it’s easy to fix. Go back to the SmartThings website from earlier. Click on My Locations and click on your home. You’ll probably have to log in again. Once logged in, repeat the steps I mentioned above starting at Step 2. Done correctly, you’ll find My Apps listed at the bottom.
Click on Select Device to find your Garadget. If you have more than one, you’ll see them all listed on the following screen.
As you can see, SmartThings exposes enough settings that you don’t necessarily need to go back to the official Garadget app. This is perfect for someone like me who only wants to deal with 1 app for everything. While using it, I also found it to be a bit more accurate as far as knowing when the door is up or down.
If you don’t want to deal with apps on your phone, there’s also an awesome website that Denis has built to manage your garage door openers. You can find it at https://www.garadget.com/my/.
While the industry frets about "lost sales," it has done very little to evolve from the bloated form it took on during the 40+ year run where multiple format shifts resulted in unprecedented sales figures. It's not just the corporate structure that's a problem. And this isn't to say labels haven't shed personnel over the years. It's just that they've been forced to make cuts due to falling revenue, rather than actively working to streamline their operations to fit the expectations of the internet age. Frontline staff and low-level employees have lost jobs but there are still many layers of employees distancing artists from those who own them.Then there are the lawyers. Some are there to ensure every last bit of revenue can be wrung out of an artist before any royalty checks are cut. Some are there to explore every possible legal angle that might be used to combat piracy The first sort have always been present. The latter still exist only because industry heads still hold out hope that file sharing can somehow be defeated with court orders and legislation.Albini says the first set are roughly as useless as the last.But youneed a contract if the "relationship" is actually just exploitation. This is why contracts are of utmost importance to the recording industry. Artists may initially show enthusiasm when offered a recording contract, but a few years down the road, they often find they're cranking out recordings just to avoid going deeper in debt. An equitable agreement -- like those used by Albini (who prefers a flat-rate fee for his production work, rather than seeking a cut of every sale or stream in perpetuity) -- doesn't need a multi-page contract or a team of lawyers. Honesty and openness up front can trim a lot of pages from an agreement... as well as the jobs of lawyers whose entire purpose is to ensure "agreements" are as long and inscrutable as possible.Lastly, Albini goes after copyright -- itself a legacy business model.Those arguing that stronger copyright protections will somehow "control" social sharing aren't grasping the reality of the situation. As it stands now, any copyright holder can demand $150,000 per infringement in statutory damages, and yet, that has had no appreciable effect on infringement. Just ask Rightscorp , which offers $20/infringement "settlements" while waving threats of $150,000 "fines" over internet subscribers' heads. It's in the business of spending money to lose money.The idea that lifetime+ copyright terms will put creators' grandkids through college is likewise suspect. Grandkids are going to college thanks to these terms, but they're the descendants of label execs and studio heads.The "control" offered by copyright is an illusion. The continued belief in this misconception allows labels to take advantage of artists. An artist may feel (incorrectly) that an individual can never hope to fully exploit his or her creations without the assistance of the marketing and legal teams of major labels, but they almost invariably have to give up full control of their creations to make use of these services. What good is their copyright then? It's not even. And the assistance they're receiving is charged up front at full retail and paid off with royalties -- a tiny percentage of actual sales and profit.As Albini points out, the way people enjoy music continues to change, and attempts to offer iterations of existing platforms and services is missing the point. People, for the most part, don't care about the quality of streaming music. They only care about the convenience. Albini notes that people carried around transistor radios to enjoy music on the go, something that offered truly terrible sound quality, but was no less popular for doing so. The way people consume and distribute creations will continue to change, but trying to harness that potential using contracts, outdated business models and delusions of control will never work.
Thomas Hughes (author of Tom Brown's Schooldays) was asked to comment on the game as played when he attended the school (1834–1842). He is quoted as saying "In my first year, 1834, running with the ball to get a try by touching down within goal was not absolutely forbidden, but a jury of Rugby boys of that day would almost certainly have found a verdict of 'justifiable homicide' if a boy had been killed in running in."
The research, by scientists from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute and the University of Oxford, found that three different ways of assessing the influence of climate change are all in “remarkable agreement” on its influence over Storm Desmond.
“We found that global warming increased the likelihood of the heavy precipitation associated with a storm like Desmond. An event like this is now roughly 40 per cent more likely due to climate change than it was in the past, with an uncertainty range of five to 80 per cent,” said Friederike Otto of Oxford, a co-author of the study.
The organization found that in neighborhoods around Damascus and Hama, widespread demolition had taken place in the past year and a half. The Syrian government said these demolitions were necessary to clear the areas of poorly built houses and make way for urban-planning and public-works projects. But according to the HRW review, all the demolished areas were either rebel strongholds or considered high-value targets for the military. And HRW says each demolition was carried out by military forces, and often right after fights with rebels.
While checking out some news sites this morning, I found a story that will make you very happy you have the ability to drive to the Wally World, buy all the rods, reels, stink bait, and plastic worms your heart desires, then jump on your boat and use them. These things are not easy to come by in Cuba, and the government heavily regulates who can operate and own a boat due to illegal immigration. But one thing you can buy at three for a penny in Cuba is condoms. Turns out the Cubans have found many uses for them that go far beyond the bedroom.
But condoms really come in handy when you can't find or afford a ten-foot rod and the fish are cruising past the outer bar. Anglers tie inflated condoms together and use them as kites to carry their baited handlines offshore. From the story:
New Orleans boil water advisory is lifted after no contamination found New Orleanians were told Thursday they could start drinking the water again.
Typical of the left: “Antifa,” ironically enough, stands for anti-fascist. But their violence and thuggery define fascism. Now we find that these brownshirts are openly defending this racist and supremacist pro-rape Muslim leader. Where is the SPLC to declare them a “hate group”?
Jane said she wanted to work for the company's media team but was told the customer service rep position was a good way to break into the business, learn essential skills, and transition across departments. However, the reality of living and working in one of the most expensive cities in the country soon caught up with her. Even though she rented an apartment 30 miles away from the company's downtown offices, she struggled to afford her rent, making just $12.25 an hour — or $8.15 after tax. She also had to factor in more than $200 per month in transportation fees, since she was taking the train to work. She had also planned to find a co-worker to room with her, she said, but quickly discovered many of them were either living at home or otherwise unable to afford the rent.
The post, which has been shared across the tech world on Twitter and been viewed more than 85,000 people, goes into detail about Jane's struggles making ends meet. Here are some excerpts: So here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn't involve crying in the bathtub every week. Every single one of my coworkers is struggling. They're taking side jobs, they're living at home. One of them started a GoFundMe because she couldn't pay her rent. She ended up leaving the company and moving east, somewhere the minimum wage could double as a living wage. Another wrote on those neat whiteboards we've got on every floor begging for help because he was bound to be homeless in two weeks. Fortunately, someone helped him out. At least, I think they did. I actually haven't seen him in the past few months. Do you think he's okay? Another guy who got hired, and ultimately let go, was undoubtedly homeless. He brought a big bag with him and stocked up on all those snacks you make sure are on every floor... By and large, our floor pummels through those snacks the fastest and has to roam other floors to find something to eat. Is it because we're gluttons? Maybe. If you starve a pack of wolves and toss them a single steak, will they rip each other to shreds fighting over it? Definitely.
As Goethe notes, Calderón tended to write his plays taking special care of their dramatic structure. He therefore usually reduced the number of scenes in his plays as compared to those of Lope de Vega, so as to avoid any superfluity and present only those scenes essential to the play, also reducing the number of different metres in his plays for the sake of gaining a greater stylistic uniformity. Although his poetry and plays leaned towards culteranismo, he usually reduced the level and obscurity of that style by avoiding metaphors and references away from those that uneducated viewers could understand. However, he had a liking for symbolism, for example making a fall from a horse a metaphor of a fall into disgrace, the fall representing dishonour; the use of horoscopes or prophecies at the start of the play as a way of making false predictions about the following to occur, symbolizing the utter uncertainty of future. In addition, probably influenced by Cervantes, Calderón realized that any play was but fiction, and that the structure of the baroque play was entirely artificial. He therefore sometimes makes use of meta-theatrical techniques such as making his characters read in a jocose manner the clichés the author is using, and they are thus forced to follow. Some of the most common themes of his plays were heavily influenced by his Jesuit education. For example, as a reader of Saint Thomas Aquinas and Francisco Suárez, he liked to confront reason against the passions, intellect against instinct, or understanding against will. In common with many writers from the Spanish Golden Age, his plays usually show his vital pessimism, that is only softened by his rationalism and his faith in God; the anguish and distress usually found his œuvre is better exemplified in one of his most famous plays, La Vida es sueño (Life Is a Dream), in which Segismundo claims:
Although his fame dwindled during the 18th century, he was rediscovered in the early 19th century by the German Romantics. Translations of August Wilhelm Schlegel reinvigorated interest in the playwright, who, alongside Shakespeare, subsequently became a banner figure for the German Romantic movement.[3] E. T. A. Hoffmann based his 1807 singspiel Liebe und Eifersucht on a play by Calderón, La banda y la flor (The Scarf and the Flower), translated by Schlegel. In subsequent decades, Calderón's work was translated into German numerous times, most notably by Johann Diederich Gries and Joseph von Eichendorff, and found significant reception on the German and Austrian stages under the direction of Goethe, and Joseph Schreyvogel. Later significant German adaptations include Hugo von Hofmannsthal's versions of La vida es sueño and El gran teatro del mundo.
So enjoy the new mobile app, and may your army always find its way to your opponent's king.
The spices can range from just salt + cayenne/red chili powder, to one or all of the following spice additions like ground cumin, chaat masala (recipe can also be found in my book), kala namak (Indian black salt) or Amchur (dry mango powder). Or rub Mint cilantro chutney all over! Try this favorite spiced corn for Labor day!
Instead, I opened the Bible, read a few chapters, and closed it – feeling confused and kinda disturbed. I was disappointed. And I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be diving back in for more anytime soon. I didn’t find it relatable, or even sensible. Mostly, it just left me scratching my head, like “For real?!“
2. DON’T GO IT ALONE! Find someone whom you trust, and who is farther along than you are in the process of following Jesus, and study the Bible WITH that person (or, better yet, people). And ask a TON of questions. Also? Use the bazillion resources at your fingertips to find answers to your questions. (*hint* When not being used to feed ugly porn habits, the internet can be a rich source of material related to understanding the Bible. Help yourself…. to the Bible stuff, not the porn stuff. Stay away from the porn stuff.)
For me, understanding the Bible is a process. I had to learn to give it time to sink in. I had to soak it up. I had to wrestle with it for a long while before any of it made any sense at all. But I find that the more time I spend with it, the more of it I am able to take on. I don’t always get it. I still close it sometimes to push it across the table and scratch my head in confusion. But, for me, one thing is certain; Having a Savior isn’t just an idea that I carry in my head anymore, it has become a Truth which has penetrated my very flesh and bone, it beats in time with my heart, whispers in my breath, and stirs my soul…
Going forward I’m not sure exactly what this goes, or where these pathways lead. Andrew Culp’s thesis that “We need to stop saving the world in order to find new ones”33 is one that works against sustainability and towards the new becoming, outside of ‘the world’. For Culp, the “[d]iscourse of domination is winning…we need to explore new discourses of the anthropocene”34. Yet, it still doesn’t unlock or give a simple answer to what these discourses look like. Creating and affirming new ways to explore and work within the anthropocene is the next step. This involves the affirmation of technologies that are used in ways that benefit zoe, rather than harm. Rather than Francis’ return to a simpler time, we must contemplate technologies that move outside of capitalism and consumption. Affirming new technologies that strive towards zoe-egalitrianism. Now it is up to us to create these affirmative intensities.
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
Let’s say a cop is questioning someone on the street who refuses to provide an ID card. The officer could run a photo of one of the person’s tattoos through a database to find a photo of the same tattoo captured during a previous arrest. One situation NIST imagines is applying tattoo recognition technology to video surveillance of a robbery in which the suspect is wearing a mask but a neck tattoo is visible.
Perez said the deputies didn't end up searching his backyard and that he later found the suspect's weapon.
The jury at their first-degree murder trial on Wednesday heard that blood found at Gill’s Barrhaven home, on the knives and latex gloves, matched Ronald’s DNA. Forensic tests have concluded that the chances it is someone else’s DNA are one in one quadrillion, the jury heard.
Gill, 43, was at home recovering from surgery when her attacker slit her throat, slashed her arms and bludgeoned her to death with a weightlifting bar. There was blood spatter throughout the home and signs of deadly struggle in the family room, where Gill’s 15-year-old daughter found her dead on the floor.
"Shiiinkii~♥ Look up, a mistletoe~ You know what that means, right~?""Mima, what in the word-""You know, as the tradition goes, if two people stand under a mistletoe, they should kiss.""What- wait M-Mima let go--!""It's tradition, Shinki~ As a goddess, you should respect traditions, right~♥? (that's actually a lie)""N-no, let go, LET GO-""You seem to have fun, don't you. Is it alright for a Miko to just let a goddess from another world and an evil spirit make out in front of the shrine?"It's fine, it's fine~ As long as I don't find my sheets all wet next morning, they can do whatever they want.""You sure take it easy, eh...""L-Lady Shinki...."---.....IDK. Something ridiculous I just thought up, lol. Dedicated to , because I can ♥ *shot* Early Merry Christmas, ILU, Mew-chan~Mima, Shinki, Hakurei Reimu, Kazami Yuka, Yumeko (Touhou Project) (c) ZUN
Former Liverpool striker Rickie Lambert reckons his beloved Reds have found 'the one' in manager Jurgen Klopp as the German closes in on his first signing.
Like many of you, I’ve got a bit of a soft spot for the Volvo XC70. To me, it’s the perfect balance of utility, handling, and under-the-radar luxury for going up fire roads in the fall. Every once in a while, though, I find myself wishing the XC70 had a bit more of a summer vibe, you know? That’s where the Volvo XC70 Surf Rescue comes in.
To combat this feeling, you need a safe place to hide. So you find a bar. A bar is your assembly point in case of disaster (and often the cause of it).
On my way to the Barn, I found that the pond had been closed in order to protect its fish inhabitants. Fortunately, even though cooling off wasn’t an option, the festival goers were still ready to unleash a reserve of tremendous energy. I walked into the stable to catch Slugging Percentage delivering their baseball and depression themed songs, not on the stage, but within a circle of pogoing fans.
After a much needed dinner break, I caught a performance from Loone, another queercore whose identity was almost entirely shaped by the sheer personality of its front-woman. Guitarist/vocalist Noel’le Longhaul preformed the group’s dreamy post-folk punk tunes in a hypnotically rigid style; where every time she hit a major node or struck a guitar chord, it seemed like she was breaking out of the sheer discomfort of her own skin. This actually added to the power of group’s songs, which all explored this very same notion of trying to find comfort with your sense of self. What really surprised me, however, was when, talking to Longhaul after the show, I found out that I’d pegged the performance entirely wrong, and what I saw wasn’t discomfort, but rather a minor moment of transcendence.
Later, while I was walking to the backstage area to charge my camera battery, I had a chance run in with Charlie Schneeweis who, in turn, introduced me to Nick Berger, who played dwith Loone, Paper Bee, and Ramshackle Glory. We had a short discussion about Plan-It-X as an inclusive space, and I was struck by the immense love that Berger had for the community they had found within it.
The penultimate act of the night was The Wild, a group I’d always seen as more of a folk-rock group than a punk act, but, boy, did their set make me realize my mistake. The songs that I’d always found soothing when listening on speakers and headphones, were suddenly loud and pounding, whipping the audience into an absolute frenzy. At one point, Jeff Rosenstock hopped back on the stage, seemingly out of nowhere, to join Witt on the mic, before diving into the crowd. Near the end of their show, they subtly revealed that this would, in fact, be their second to last show. Still, this little shock wasn’t enough to taper the audiences sheer adoration as they closed with “Set Ourselves Free”, giving everyone something very strong to remember them by.
Of course, that intensity was just a tiny sample of what was to come; next, they played “From Here to Utopia”. This may be one of my favorite songs of all time, and I don’t know whether it was the faster tempo brought by the drum set, the mandolin-esque twang that the guitars seemed to pick up when they played the keyboard section, or the constant chirping of the brass section, but they managed to make it pulse with an energy that felt living and tangible. The trumpeters managed to breathe creative little flourishes into small moments of the song, bringing about the sensibilities of a Dixieland marching band. Meanwhile, every time the song reached a point where Pat screamed his lyrics, I swear the volume of his mic and the crowd were at equal levels. I found myself so caught up in the moment, I thought it would be a good idea to try and photograph the band while in the process of jumping off the stage and crowd surfing (hence the sweat covered photo at the top of the page).
“If a State Trooper pulls over a car, which is found to have a large amount of cash in it, but no one in the car will say where the money came from or where they were going with it, that’s where the money laundering statute comes in,” he said on the video. “We allege money laundering, which is an indictable offense, and we can go after the money that way.’’
“That’s a gift,’’ Hartmann said. “I’ve found that the prosecutor is very reasonable most of the time. He could have kept the car under the law.’’
Though each is demographically and physically unique, Canadian cities and towns will usually yield a number of tangible commonalities. You'll typically find a fire and police station, at least one school, a post office, and the town hall, where civic business is conducted. Sprinkled among these would be a host of shops and restaurants, many of which form the backbone of a lively main drag. But perhaps the most integral institutional asset — the public library — is really where the heart of the community lies. Not only are these valued establishments sources of free information, their ability to educate and foster engagement between family, friends, and even strangers becomes an immeasurable boon to the community.
Additional images and information about the Calgary Central Library can be found in the Database file linked below. Want to get involved in the discussion or share your photos? Check out the associated Forum thread or leave a comment at the bottom of this page.
The first run was out of shotgun in which Seattle ran inside zone to the right. The defensive end, (#90) Demarcus Lawrence, pinched hard inside defeating the block by Ifedi. This forced Davis to cut backside. He then found the opening behind Nick Vannett for the 5-yard gain.
In Davison v. Loudoun Cty. Bd. of Supervisors, No. 1:16CV932 (JCC/IDD), 2017 WL 58294 (E.D. Va. Jan. 4, 2017), a resident of Loudoun County, Virginia, filed suit after he was blocked from commenting on a Facebook Page operated by the Chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors. The defendant claimed the Facebook Page was her personal page, not the Board’s official page, but the Court found the distinction was immaterial because of the way her page was used:
It’s easy to apply this analysis to the @realDonaldTrump account. As noted above, President Trump regularly uses it for official business – indeed, it’s hard to find any personal tweets at all these days. Moreover, his bio says he is “45th President of the United States of America,” and, at the moment, his cover photo is a picture of him sitting at the Resolute desk in the Oval Office while conducting official business. (This isn’t the first time the White House has made this mistake. President Trump’s social media director(!) previously got in hot water for making his personal account appear like an official account and then advocating voters choose a particular candidate.)
Back to Davison, once the Court found the defendant’s Facebook Page was officially sponsored, the next question was whether the First Amendment applied to the defendant blocking the plaintiff from commenting:
At this point I’d say we should look at the White House’s own social media policy… but I can’t find one. There’s a White House Privacy Policy, but it doesn’t specifically reference @realDonaldTrump, and it doesn’t say anything about the deletion of comments. The Privacy Policy does, however, say that the White House might use “comments” collected through social media to advocate policy positions:
Like the first time, though, Johnstone wasn’t despondent for long. Laing showed up at Autzen Stadium to find him waiting for her in the parking lot.
After consoling her now-boyfriend, she took him on a walk across the Autzen Footbridge to clear his head. It was on the bridge where they sat down to find the following inscription on the bench: “Good morning. It’s never too late to begin again.”
For the past 13 years, I have been fortunate to be a full-time musician. Since the time of our daughter’s birth in 2003, I was at home with her during the day and working at night. Three years before my marriage ended, my wife and I agreed to switch roles. In order to make this arrangement work, I was extremely ambitious and found a way to work a 9-5 job as well as teach, perform in an Off-Broadway show and perform in weddings and corporate events. I paid all the bills while she took care of our daughter.
Working a full time job, gigs and doing much of the house work burnt me out so I quit my corporate job. Meanwhile my wife was unwilling to continue the therapy sessions we’d set up to find a way to repair our marriage. She hired an attorney and filed for divorce.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
This note below is to remind us that a study of 17,000 people on the registry by the The Georgia Sex Offender Registration Review Board found that about 5% were “clearly dangerous,” and 100 could be classified as sexual predators.
Two years ago they passed a law that says I cannot take my kids to the park anymore. This includes lakes, as they are State parks. Their friends can never stay over for a sleepover and where I can have their birthday parties are limited. My husband and I along with our 3 kids have had to move in with my mom on many different occasions, due to my restriction on where I can live and not being able to find a home.
I have all the backing from my probation officer and therapist to try and get off probation and registry. However due to my felony it is hard to find any job where I would make the amount of money I need to go back to court.
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - This booking photo provided by the Hamilton County, Ohio Sheriff shows Deasia Watkins in Cincinnati. A Hamilton County judge on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, found Watkins incompetent for trial on an aggravated murder charge. Watkins, 20, is...
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - This booking photo provided by the Hamilton County, Ohio Sheriff shows Deasia Watkins in Cincinnati. A Hamilton County judge on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, found Watkins incompetent for trial on an aggravated murder charge. Watkins, 20, is...
WCPO-TV reported that if the court finds Watkins not guilty by reason of insanity, she'd be under the court's jurisdiction for life without parole.
Her racist statements are, and should be, a major problem for her viewing audience. Nielsen found that in the 2015-16 season, 23.1 percent of the total TV audience tuning in were African-American women making them the “largest component of the daytime viewership base.”
Researchers from Baylor College of Medicine and the University of Iowa found drug-addicted mothers are less maternal - and warn it is concerning in light of America's addiction epidemic
Lead author Dr Sohye Kim, assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Baylor, said all 36 of the mothers found their children less intrinsically rewarding and more stress-provoking than other mothers.
'Unlike many mothers who find engaging with their infants to be a uniquely rewarding and gratifying experience, mothers with addictions, even when they are not actively using substances, may be less able to respond appropriately to their infants' cues,' Dr Kim added.
OPIOIDS ARE WILDLY OVER-PRESCRIBED AFTER C-SECTIONS Opioids are over-prescribed to women after a cesarean section in America, a new report warns. Most new mothers received double the amount of painkillers they need for a c-section - 40 pills rather than 20 - according to a study that looks at prescription rates in six parts of the US. That is a huge overflow, the researchers warn, give that a c-section delivery is the most common inpatient surgical procedure in the United States, with around 1.4 million c-sections performed each year. Crucially, they found women tended to take more pills if they had them, even if their pain levels were not strong. The review is one of the first attempts to collate data from providers and institutions nationwide, to offer a clear national picture. Opioids, most commonly oxycodone, are the standard pain medications prescribed to women following cesarean delivery. But the number of pills that are prescribed varies between providers and institutions, and there is little data regarding how much pain medication patients actually require to manage their pain.
Insignia is the in-house Best Buy brand. I bought this monitor to replace an old CRT monitor. It's not flashy but so far its getting the job done. I had bought a Dell monitor similar to it and found that this Insignia was better in the fact that it has ports for DVI, HDMI, VGA and a headphone jack (all located at the bottom and behind the monitor). *Remember DVI cables carry audio if you want to use the head phone jack. There are no speakers (that I know of on the monitor and no place to mount a speaker bar). The Dell monitor had left off the DVI port while Insignia got this right. Boo on Dell for that! The Dell monitor's base was a little more solid than the Insignia. The Insignia does wiggle around a little if your desk is not solid enough and you bump the desk. The image quality shows the colors are off a little if you are not looking directly right at it. The max resolution on this monitor is about average for an economical purchased. I will be using it for Microsoft office, web surfing and watching some Netflix. I have this hooked up to two computers using a KVM switch. Each of the PCs are Windows 7 and 8.1. There was no software CD to install drivers, I just used the drivers that Microsoft installed during installation. Buttons are directly on the front. Actually scratch the word button it is just a touch to the area the buttons would be at. The power light at the front does go off when you shut it down. The Insignia logo comes up for a second or two on the screen before you can use the monitor. I've had this up and running for a couple of weeks now since this review. So... so far I am satisfied with my buy.
Once he did this, he rolled to his right and found his target running a curl route. When moving and throwing, he does a good job of keeping his eyes up and going through his reads, opposed to immediately taking off and running with the ball.
“I had never heard of it,” admitted Stefan. “Everyone knows about cancer or leukemia but HLH? Once we found out, we spent days doing research to try and learn as much as we could about something we had never heard of.”
The parents were told that they should get tested, along with Avery’s siblings, to see if they were a match for donation. It’s highly unlikely that the extended family would be, which narrowed down the field of prospective donors, and they were informed that less than 25 per cent of the time a donor is found in the immediate family.
A gang of Pawnee stripped and tied Glass' friend to a stake. As Glass watched, they stuck slivers of resinous pine into his friend's flesh, then lit them. When it was Glass' turn, he bowed before the chief, then reached into his pocket and produced a vial of cinnabar, the flaky red mineral then found in Texas and used around the world for makeup and pottery. War paint, too. The chief was impressed by the gift, as well as the sangfroid with which the white man presented it. Somehow, the pirate turned mutineer turned fugitive escaped the flaming porcupine treatment and became an honorary Pawnee.
After five days, though, the men had a talk (which Glass reportedly later told another trapper he'd overheard). No one had expected Glass to live this long, and no one would want the pair to stay. Glass was going to die anyway, Fitzgerald told the kid. It was only a matter of time before Ree or Cheyenne found them. And besides, they had already earned their money. The two men left Glass next to a nearby stream, underneath a berry bush. Just in case.
Glass eventually found Bridger at Fort Henry, and Bridger thought he was a ghost. Instead of killing him, Glass lectured the kid and told him he knew Fitzgerald had persuaded him to leave. Then Glass invoked God and told Bridger to behave better in the future.
Another popular version of the Glass legend has him suf­fering and crawling, but instead of dispatching his arch-enemy, he finds himself swollen with empathy and love, and turns his chiseled, manly cheek and forgives Fitzgerald, as he did Bridger. This too syncs with our notions of how the West was won, or conquered, or not exactly stolen. Forgiveness works about as well as vengeance, as long as you get other stuff right.
His remains were found inside a burned car this week, police say
Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis, 59, had been missing since Monday, Pontes said. A burned car with Amiridis' charred body inside was found in Nova Iguaçu, a town outside Rio de Janeiro, on Thursday, he said.
Identical twins may usually have the same interests and habits, but scientists have discovered that their genetic basis is much stronger than anyone can imagine. It’s so strong that they can even experience nightmares on almost the same frequency. In a large study that involved nearly 2700 identical twins and 4200 non-identical twins, scientists found that identical twins are twice as likely to have the trait of having frequent nightmares as fraternal twins, which is both awesome and slightly creepy.
Trying to think of a world in black and white might sound impossible, but some people actually do so in their dreams. A study published in 2008 by psychology student Eva Murzyn at the University of Dundee has shown that the type of television you watched as a child has a profound effect on the color of your dreams. Murzyn found that her respondents aged 55 and over had colorless dreams 20 percent of the time, leading her to believe that children who were exposed to black-and-white film and TV from ages three to 10 are more likely to dream in greyscale throughout their life. Other studies have shown that since the 1960s, 83 percent of the population dreams in color, a timeline that coincides with the advent of color TV—so it is possible that media has as much influence on our subconsciousness as life experience.
This might be a bit hard to digest, but a study has found out that different types of cheeses can affect your dreams. All cheeses contain an amino acid called tryptophan, which is helpful in normalizing sleep and reducing stress levels. A 2005 study conducted by the British Cheese Board discovered that the subjects who normally ate cheddar cheese dreamt more about celebrities; the people who ate Blue cheese (Blue Stilton) experienced bizarre dreams. Cheshire gave the best night's sleep, but it caused dreamlessness. The people who ate Red Lancashire had nostalgic dreams about their families and childhood and the ones who ate Blue Lancashire dreamt mostly about their work.
Our mind interprets the noise occurring around us while we’re asleep, and makes it a part of our dreams. This means that sometimes in our dreams we hear a sound from reality which is incorporated it a way that makes sense to our subconscious. For example, you may be dreaming that you are in a concert while your brother is playing a guitar during your sleep. In one study, researchers found that there was a significant difference between the dreams of the people who heard no music and the people who did. The ones who did hear reported that they had heard music in their dreams.
He jumped in, learning as much as he could about India's pharmacy system. Soon, he had developed a network of contacts in the country and found himself at the center of an informal "buyers club."
In section 3.5 we shall introduce a notion grounded in Aristotle’s account, but which has not naturally found a place in the earlier discussion, namely the connection between substance and teleology. This can be expressed as:
Different philosophers emphasize different criteria from amongst this list, for reasons connected with their system as a whole. One could plausibly say that an account is intuitively more appealing, the more of the criteria it can find a place for. Probably, the Aristotelian tradition comes nearest to doing this.
The second of these two points is more uncontroversial than the first, for it is indubitable that species terms focus more precisely on particular things than generic terms. The first is, however, once again intuitive but not compelling. It appeals to the fundamental intuition that ‘dog’ tells you what Fido is better than ‘brown thing’ does, but does not really give a reason for this claim. Only in Section 3.3, when we discuss Wiggins’s theory, will we find more formal reasons for treating species or sortal concepts as more revealing of ‘what something really is’ than are other terms.
It would be universally agreed by scholars that substantial forms are real in the sense that they play an irreducible and ineliminable explanatory role in the behaviour of the things in which they are the form. There are two interpretations of what Aristotle meant by this, one of which seems compatible with modern science and the other not. First the compatibilist one. Empiricist philosophers of science used to believe that the concepts in higher order sciences could be reduced, either by means of reductive definition or by ‘bridging laws’, to those in the more basic sciences. (See, for example, Nagel 1961.) By such means, everything could be understood in terms of the most basic science—presumed to be physics. Concepts in the other sciences are thus only a kind of shorthand for laborious descriptions in the language of physics. Few, if any, philosophers of science believe this now. They agree that, even if the world is ‘closed under physics’—every event has a complete set of physical causes—the concepts of the other sciences are irreducible and do autonomous explanatory jobs. Even if dogs are wholly physical objects and even if all the atoms in dogs follow very precise laws of physics, nevertheless when doing the biology of dogs one will need concepts not to be found in a physics textbook. This is not for mere shorthand convenience, but because of the kinds of things in which, for example, the biologist or veterinary scientist is interested. There are interpreters of Aristotle who think that this kind of irreducibility is all that Aristotle means—or needs to mean—by postulating an explanatory role for substantial form. His theory is at least neutral on the question of whether there is a closed system at the level of basic physics. (Nussbaum 1978, 1984)
The stronger, incompatibilist interpretation is that Aristotle did not believe that the behaviour of complex entities followed from the laws that govern their parts or their matter. (Gotthelf 1987, Robinson 1983) By contrast, the behaviour of the matter is influenced by what it is the matter of. The nature of the matter places restrictions on what the enmattered thing can do—an animal can only be made from living tissue, not of stone or fire—but exactly how that matter behaves depends on the substantial form present in it. The substantial form plays, therefore, an essential role, not merely in certain kinds of scientific explanation, but by being a fundamental efficient cause in its own right. Whichever of these is the correct interpretation of Aristotle, it was the second which was the core of ‘Aristotelian science’ as found in scholastic philosophy, and it was this aspect of the Aristotelian doctrine of substance that aroused most opposition amongst seventeenth century philosophers and scientists. They insisted that bodies behave as they do because of the mechanical consequences of the nature of the matter from which they are made: the matter is not ‘pushed around’ or organized by a substantial form. Philosophers and scientists of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries believed that in rejecting such influences they were rejecting the Aristotelian doctrine of substance.
For God, so to speak, turns on all sides and considers in all ways the general system of phenomena which he has found it good to produce…And he considers all the faces of the world in all possible ways…the result of each view of the universe, as looked at from a certain position, is…a substance which expresses the universe in conformity with that view. (1998: 66)
The idea then we have, to which we give the general name substance, being nothing, but the supposed, but unknown support of those qualities, we find existing, which we imagine cannot subsist, sine re substante, without something to support them, we call that support substantia, which, according to the true import of the word, is in plain English, standing under or upholding. (II xxiii 2)
The traditional rationale of Locke’s doctrine of ‘substance in general’ is as follows. Properties—or, in Locke’s terms qualities—must belong to something—‘cannot subsist…without something to support them’. Of course, they belong to objects, but what are objects over and above their properties? The special category of substantial form, as found in Aristotle, is rejected. All that seems to be left is a bare ‘something’, which on pain of regress, has no properties in its own right, except the property of being the owner or support of other properties.
…a philosopher…whatever substantial forms he may talk of, has no other idea of those substances than what is framed by a collection of those simple ideas which are found in them….
The bars range all over the state, and can be found in big cities, small towns and out in the country. Some are big, some small, but all share one quality: they are great local hangouts.
“I talked with Majestic Realty today,” said Don Sachs, executive director of the Industry Manufacturers Council. “I thought our vacancy rate was under 5 percent — that’s the figure I’ve been using for the past year. But Majestic said the actual vacancy rate is under 2 percent. We have companies that want to stay or relocate here that want larger accommodations but can’t find them.”
This trend has likely been driven by demographic and societal changes. It coincides with women’s growing presence in managerial and leadership positions and suggests that an increasing share of professional women are confronting the inevitable push and pull of work-family balance. Previous Pew Research analysis has found that overall women devote fewer hours to paid work with each additional child they have. On average, a working-age woman with no children spends 27 hours per week in paid work, while a woman with three or more children spends 18 hours working. In addition, working mothers are more than three times as likely as working fathers to say that being a working parent has made it more difficult for them to advance in their career (51% vs. 16%).
Because the fence had to be built 150 meters within Indian territory, Rahim and more than 100,000 other Indians have found themselves on the wrong side of the barbed wire.
Mystery YouGov #indyref poll finds gap closing as well but so far hasn't been published http://t.co/In2xHlmZ7s pic.twitter.com/aNmDN7vpse — Mike Smithson (@MSmithsonPB) February 4, 2014
A Canadian Press analysis of Toronto's parking-ticket data found the city has collected more than $24 million since 2008 by fining people who parked too close to hydrants.
Chris Beck was never one of your gargantuan-type Navy SEALs. There are those types, of course, men chiseled from granite at 120 percent human scale, men who seem to drain several drams of testosterone from everyone else when they walk into a room. But you’d be surprised at the body types you find in the SEAL teams. Your smaller fellows, your stringy fellows, the guy with almost literally zero percent body fat who had to eat two Papa John’s pizzas every day through SEAL training just so he wouldn’t die of hypothermia in the water. Chris himself was on the smaller side, more like an undersized walk-on linebacker who lacked the size and pedigree of some of his more highly recruited peers but played with an intensity and pain tolerance that endeared him to coaches and TV commentators.
He’d flown back from a training deployment in Thailand earlier in the week. He’d taken a taxi from the base to a garage he rented, picked up his motorcycle, and ridden it down to Fiddler’s Cove. He’d undressed to his shorts, stuffed his clothes in a plastic bag, and swam the half mile to the sailboat he lived on—it was cheaper than sharing a house, like most of the other, younger SEALs stationed in Coronado did. He’d found his boat, as always, sealed up tight. He would leave it spotless, because he never knew when fate would dictate that he wouldn’t be the one opening it up. It was part of the process of shipping out, a ritualized preparation for death that would always have a kind of dreadful power over him. The washing of bedclothes, the bleaching of sinks, the removal of any speck of organic matter, the rewriting of his “dead letters” to be distributed to his friends and relatives should he not return, all of them signed with that quote from the end of The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, “Thanks for all the fish.” Of course, Chris also had to purge all his panty hose and dresses and wigs and shoes—“I want to have honor in death” was how he thought about it.
But even coming back from a training deployment in Thailand, it would usually take Chris a few days to find the release valve on his psyche. And by tonight he’d gotten the boat all opened up and aired out—made a run to get beer and another to a vintage store where he bought his dresses and shoes. And now, sitting there on the deck, he finally felt relaxed.
Two years ago Mr MacRae, of Petersham, found a mole on his ear and went to have it removed, only to discover it was a malignant melanoma.
Last year doctors found a tumour on his lungs which was surgically removed, along with three of his ribs.
And that can be dangerous -- as kayakers in Monterey Bay found out last fall.
In Matthews the Leafs hope they have finally found the heir to the mantle that was worn so well by the likes of Sundin, Gilmour, Sittler and Keon before him. Wandering through the wilderness seem like tradition for the franchise, but in reality, it is a sad state of affairs the once proud organization is in the process of reversing, and Matthews is a large part of that metamorphosis. True generational talent doesn't take multiple years to make an impact in the NHL. The Leafs hope Matthews can hit the ground running. The future begins now. - Burtch
Auston Matthews will be in a transition from rookie to future team leader, and I suspect it may take less time than some might think. Matthews has a year of professional hockey under his belt already; he has faced NHLers on the international stage and prevailed. He will do so again at the World Cup of Hockey. Off the ice, Matthews seems like an ideal candidate to handle the relentless Toronto media fishbowl. Yes, he does seem boring, dry, almost robotic in his interviews, but in this market, that might be an asset. Unlike some who have criticized Babcock’s expected decision to start Matthews in third-line minutes, I welcome the idea of easing him in. Prior to drafting Matthews, the Leafs already had a capable 1C in Kadri, and Bozak in a 2C role is fine. I suspect he will flourish in his easy minutes and work his way up before the season is over. Matthews won’t set the world on fire, at least right away. Short of generational talents like Crosby and Ovechkin, no rookie can be expected to be a top scorer in the league. John Tavares had 54 points; Steven Stamkos had 46 (albeit with early season struggles due to a bad coach mismanaging him). I’d likely peg Matthews around those numbers. I’d probably hedge my bets on anywhere from 15-20 goals and 45-50 points. What Matthews means to this organization, though, is hope. Name the last elite homegrown talent the Leafs have had. Phil Kessel was acquired via trade. Mats Sundin was acquired via trade. Doug Gilmour was acquired via comically lopsided trade. You would have to go back to Wendel Clark to find the last face of the franchise developed from within. I think Matthews will be far and beyond better than Clark, or even any of those players. The sky’s the limit. - Mike
"We do know that antihistamines can certainly make people feel sleepy, and so we do find diphenhydramine in a number of over-the-counter medications that advertise as helpful for people trying to fall asleep at night," said Dr. Paruthi. "But it's important to know that when we use something like diphenhydramine to help us sleep at night, we’re actually using it for its side effect – not its treatment, which is to fight allergies."
Erwin fogged (sprayed with toxic chemicals) 19 individuals of the tropical tree Luehea seemannii in Panama, killing everything in their canopies, and carefully counted all the beetles he found. There were 1143 species represented, most of them leaf-eaters. Erwin then made some calculations. Assuming that a certain percentage of these beetles were “host-specific,” found only on that species of tree (this percentage ranged from 5% for predatory and scavenging beetles to 20% for herbivores), he calculated that this species of tree harbored 163 species of host-specific beetles.
I w0n’t belabor the methods, which themselves involve assumptions, but they yield estimates of arthropod species much lower than that found by Erwin. Hamilton, using probability distributions for various estimates (such as the proportion of beetle species that specialize on a certain tree), come up with a range of species numbers, each having a relative likelihood. The two separate models give a median species number of 2.5 million (90% confidence interval: 1.1-5.4 million) and and 3.7 million (c.i. 2.0-7.4 million) tropical arthropod species in toto; Erwin’s estimate of 30 million or more has a probability of less than 0.001% of being true.
Doing a search for Google Apps is about the only way you can find the form for getting a Google Apps account with no strings attached.
But the entire deal is shrouded in deep mystery. Who is LogiEnergy? We went searching for answers and found that its main corporate website, which is buried within Google, isn't even operational. Their Peak Oil website at www.logipeakoil.com allows you to access no information without signing up. Furthermore, the designers of the Peak Oil website, HedgeCo Websites, have apparently dropped LogiEnergy from their client list and no record of the hedge fund exists on its website:
The reading is selected by a committee of students, and staff, who then solicit feedback from other members of the Duke community. Fun Home was ultimately chosen because it is a unique and moving book that transcends genres and explores issues that students are likely to confront. It is also one of the most celebrated graphic novels of its generation, and the theatrical adaption won the Tony Award for Best Musical, and four others, in 2015. As we have every year, we were fortunate to have the author join us on campus for a lively discussion of the book during orientation week. The summer reading is entirely voluntary — it is not a requirement, nor is there a grade or record of any student’s participation. With a class of 1,750 new students from around the world, it would be impossible to find a single book that that did not challenge someone’s way of thinking. We understand and respect that, but also hope that students will begin their time at Duke with open minds and a willingness to explore new
“It was behind the scenes. It was diplomatically arranged to go there,” said Blatter, who has found himself at the centre of a FIFA corruption storm ever since being re-elected to a fifth term in May.
I really don’t see the stock market popping back up and we are now off 9% in only 6 sessions. This again reinforces the notion that market volatility is supremely high in unhealthy markets. Until market volatility stabilizes, we can expect more of the same. Keep in mind that many states rely on state income taxes which many people are gearing up for in the next few months and states are going to find the following:
The bottom line is the places to find money are running out. We will need to cut back as a nation. We simply have no choice. Sure the U.S. Treasury and Fed can run the printing presses but this will do little good. The fiscal situation of most 50 states are deeply troubling. The aggregate of the 50 states is our country. You will need to prepare for a challenging few years. Simple things you can do is stay away from debt, think twice about common mainstream investing ideas, and save money. These are simple steps. Our government is still in that spending mode even though they are asking of you to be prudent.
ADHD is found in at least 10 percent of adult prisoners, and sometimes as many as 70 percent (depending on the study). A high percentage of juvenile offenders also merit the diagnosis, despite the fact that, sadly, only a small percentage were diagnosed with it prior to being incarcerated. ADHD medications have long been known to reduce impulsivity and aggression in those with the disorder – so the Swedish study is no surprise.
Congratulations on now having a semi decent deck ! It’s time for it to leave the nest now. Click that “ranked” button and battle away ! Don’t worry too much, it’s okay to lose. Maybe you’ll win some too, but even if you don’t you’ll certainly learn some things. Depending on the timing, you might find yourself in “unfair” match-ups with high ranked players rocking well tuned decks, so sweating over losses is really unnecessary. On the other hand, don’t just dismiss those losses as irrelevant either – note what’s killed you and what you maybe could have done better.
With that, now would be a good time to craft the things your deck most sorely lacks. Efficiency be damned, we postponed it long enough, go ahead and craft commons and uncommons you couldn’t find on the way if you really miss them. Do however refrain from crafting full sets, as you’re likely to open 1 or 2 soon enough. Crafting two uncommons you have zero of is definitely reasonable. Rares are fair game, as those are much slower to acquire and are fair investments, but still avoid crafting the full 4. Murphy’s Law dictates you will open a fifth as soon as you do.
The students found a particular problem in the planting of pine trees in Israel and the West Bank, drawing a “connection between pine trees, forestation, and the way they further the colonialist agenda through capitalistic [sic] means of timber production.”
To be fair, the government has helped town centres to find assistance from the Association of Town Centre Management. It is also encouraging town teams to network and share experience.
Overall, I like Apache OpenOffice. The feature set includes what I expect in an office suite, and the developers have made a strong effort to make switching between applications feel smooth and intuitive. A Windows-only user who already has access to recent versions of Office will probably not be tempted unless they genuinely prefer open source for personal or financial reasons…but those who have no office suite, those who need a multi-platform (Windows, Mac OS, and *nix), and those who have only older version of Office will all find something worth checking out.
Take Karzai’s trips to India and Iran in December last year. Both visits came after the BSA was passed by a loya jirga and, interestingly, shortly after Iran and the U.S.-led P5+1 had signed an interim deal on the Iran nuclear issue. While in Iran, Karzai found support when President Hassan Rouhani declared, “We are concerned about the tensions arising from the presence of foreign forces in the region and believe that all foreign forces should exit the region and Afghanistan’s security should be ceded to the people of that country.” Coming from Iran at that juncture, it was a major show of support for Karzai. The two countries also agreed to sign a “pact of friendship and cooperation,” which could include aspects of political, security cooperation and economic development. This would complement a separate border and security agreement signed earlier in August.
“I started in Europe doing World Cups in the beginning of the season, and it wasn’t going that well, so then we made the decision to come back to Panorama to try to find some confidence in racing and find the ability to find some freedom in my skiing and ski the way I do in training,” Brown said.
Complete men’s results can be found here. Complete women’s results can be found here.
And if he was sitting in theater seats all those years ago, it’s on the big screen that he now finds himself. Best known for big-name projects like “Twilight” and “21 & Over,” the 33-year-old actor most recently led an ensemble cast in Director Benson Lee’s “Seoul Searching.”
“As I turned, everyone started clapping and cheering. I think it was the first time in my life where I was applauded for being truthful with what I was feeling. No mask, just raw,” he said. “People find that beautiful, and that’s what acting is. It’s shedding light on the human condition. That was the most cathartic thing I had experienced. So I said, let’s do this.”
Completed the game having found all 23 of Sam's journal entries.
Completed the game having found all 24 journal entries, with no Modifiers enabled, in less than 10 minutes. (From New Game in a single session only)
Would a Lava Lamp work in a high-gravity environment such as Jupiter? Would the wax still rise to the surface? Would the blobs be smaller and faster? With broad disagreement on the answers, I built a large centrifuge to find out.
Nixon ordered CIA Deputy Director Vernon Walters to tell Acting FBI Director Pat Gray to back off the investigation tracing cash found on the arrested burglars at the scene of the crime. According to Comey’s sworn testimony before the Senate, Trump told him to go easy on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who is being investigated in part for lying about his contacts with Russian officials.
Alexandra Barritt's daughter, Cpl Anne-Marie Ellement, 30, from Bournemouth, was found hanged at Bulford Camp in Wiltshire in October.
She was found hanged at the camp on 9 October.
Brits and Americans may have split less than amicably a couple of centuries ago, but we can still find cultural common ground when it comes to life's pleasures: The Beatles, Downton Abbey and dunking cookies.
That's what the British chef Heston Blumenthal recently set out to discover on his TV show, Heston's Fantastical Food. With the help of a high-tech gadget inserted up the nose, he found that a chocolate-covered biscuit dipped into hot black tea did indeed have more flavor than an undunked one.
Prof Saayman also said that the vegetable matter food found in her stomach was likely to have been ingested within two hours of her death at 3am, which appears to contradict Pistorius’s claim that the couple went to bed at around 10pm.
Bird texted her several times saying he was with Tenbarge running errands, but when police went to the apartment for a welfare check several hours later, they found her dead inside.
A couple of weeks ago, SB Nation contributor Steven Godfrey wrote one of the best pieces I have ever read about any sporting topic, anywhere. It was about the college football bag man, the guy who delivers the under the table cash and benefits to top notch recruits at big time college football programs. No kidding, whether you're a college football fan or not, go read that article. Seriously, like right now, because it's some of the best writing you'll find anywhere on the Internet.
"Last week I got a call. We've got this offensive lineman we really want. And he's country strong. The [offensive line coach] calls me and tells me he's watching tape of this kid against [big time college team]. Says he never got owned by the d-lineman, not once. Now, how do you get a possible first round pick to drop into the middle of the second round? I just go dig out in my garage and find an old medical report from five years back when he had a frankel, braces on his teeth, a whole shit ton of mouth work to correct a set of snaggle teeth. I call a scout of mine and mention that [this players] braces will be permanent, and there's so much wiring in his goddamn mouth it will interfere with the calls into the quarterback. He's also a chronic masturbator that's developed calcium deposits in his elbow that will prevent him from bending his arms at more than a 24 degree angle."
"If we can find an approved drug that happens to kill these organisms, we've leapfrogged the development process that goes into assessing whether they are safe, which also makes them affordable throughout the world."
The coastal community of Rio Del Mar can be found along the eastern edge of Soquel Cove, in the northern part of Monterey Bay. It is just a short drive from downtown Santa Cruz, and includes the waterfront and hillside housing developments of the city of Aptos. Rio Del Mar is one of the area’s most serene shore-side destinations, and a must-visit for anyone touring the California central coast.
As a low-key village, many of Rio Del Mar’s lodging options can be found in the nearby cities of Aptos and Capitola. However, two good local options are the Rio Sands Hotel and the Seascape Resort, both of which are within walking distance to spectacular beaches. If staying at the Rio Sands, try the casual Cafe Rio or even more casual Pixie Deli.
With smooth sand and a clear view of the sea wherever you look, Rio Del Mar’s picturesque beaches are idyllic places for outdoor fun and relaxation. Rio Del Mar State Beach is long and family-friendly with numerous picnic tables, free parking, and a laid back atmosphere. Seacliff State Beach is just a 10 minute walk to the north via a bridge over Aptos Creek, or you can drive to the park entrance in about the same amount of time (fee for parking). At the end of the Seacliff Pier you will find the ruins of the SS Palo Alto, a huge concrete ship that rests as a historic landmark, and a favorite perching spot for the local seagulls and pelicans.
At Rio Del Mar’s southern end, Seascape Park offers lovely views of the water from lush hilltops. Families will also find plenty to do here, thanks to the presence of a picnic area, playground, restrooms, and benches artfully carved with images of the resident wildlife. To get down to the beach, look for the well-graded paved trail that leads from the resort north of the park.
For years now there has been talk of a schism between the respective tribes of book and screen, between those whose medium relies on diligent, contemplative immersion and those who favor the more frictionless rewards of speed. In this conflict, the literary community has more often found itself on the defensive. Yes, the literati thrive online, but these communities are too often redolent of a bookstore “gifts” aisle, where expressions of tenderness for reading and writing—mugs, tote bags, #amwriting—displace the thing itself. There is more writing than ever, thanks to the ease of online- and self-publishing, but, partly as a result, what has long been a profession has come to feel more like a hobby.
On its face, Birkerts’s critique is a fairly common one. Perhaps he knows this and so trades sweeping judgments for interrogations of his own vague sense of anxiety, his email use, his skimming of articles online. The pronouns are often plural, suggesting universalism, but the arguments are subjective: “The existence of the medium has created an unremitting low-intensity neural disquiet that we somehow feel only the medium can allay,” he writes. “We are on the run from the anxious vibration of our living.” Close-reading his own responses, though, he finds himself groping to describe what he is running toward.
What becomes of the contemplative mind, Birkerts wonders, when we let “the assumption of solvability take the place of what had always been a more provisional—possibly more investigatory—relation to our surroundings”? If the route can be easily found and followed, the answer easily called up, the right mate tabulated, the appropriate soundtrack predicted, what becomes of the “power of the immense unknown”? The iPhone fiddlers on a subway car may be doing business, filling the time, or, as Birkerts generously allows, engaged in a form of exploration. What they are not doing, though, is confronting the “unknown not just as what we don’t or can’t know, but as a philosophical premise of being—and ultimately the basis for seeing life as spiritually grounded.” Others—including the comedian Louis CK in a much-shared 2013 segment of Conan O’Brien’s TV show—have made more-or-less the same point. But Birkerts’s primary interest is in what happens to the imagination, that “mode of processing reality that is not amenable to statistics or calculations,” in a world where the unknown has been hidden away.
A techno-optimist will contend that, once everything is connected and automated—once the refrigerator can reorder our favorite beer and robots handle our dangerous tasks—humanity, relieved of tedium and hazard, will find itself free to live a life of productive artistic leisure, dedicated to family, to philosophy, to pursuing, as Birkerts puts it, “those soulful dialogues that, when they happen, feel like the ultimate point of our living.” But this techno-utopian future forces a rather embarrassing question: If every challenge is removed, if the for-itself of experience is replaced by means and ends, what is the point of living? What will our art be about? “To engage in such explorations requires massive inner resources,” Birkerts writes, “and to have soulful interchanges we must have soul. Where if not through the relentless abrasions of the unknown, in our responses to mystery and uncertainty, will we find that soul, or at least the inner materials we need?” This may echo grandma’s eat-your-broccoli, whatever-doesn’t-kill-you-makes-you-stronger theory of character building, but that doesn’t mean it should be discounted. It draws, too, on the European Romantic tradition and its beautiful conception of soul as the burr produced on us by our friction against the world during our brief passage through. In this tradition, art’s intention is to redefine, as Keats wrote in an 1819 letter to his siblings, an earthly “vale of tears” as a “vale of soul-making.”
It isn’t surprising how near Birkerts’s critique comes to the domain of spirituality and religion. Although he dismisses “a mysticism of crystals and tarot packs,” what is at stake remains a kind of transcendence, the “above and beyond” of existence that surpasses our daily needs. It is a kind of transcendence that finds a ready home in the Romantic conception of art and literature, one that probes the “why” of existence. In his coup de grâce, Birkerts cites Rainer Maria Rilke’s incomparable Ninth Elegy. “Why,” Rilke asks in that poem, “have to be human”? Perhaps, he answers, we are here to bring the world into consciousness, for “saying: House, / Bridge, Fountain, Gate, Jug”:
To Birkerts, art is an act of attention, framing a piece of the world through the imagination, imbuing it with meaning. He draws on both Iris Murdoch’s sense of “loving attention” and Simone Weil’s idea of attention as a kind of prayer. In imagination-as-attention, Birkerts finds transcendence and morality, an “act of the spirit,” a way of turning the world into soul as Rilke instructed. Birkerts, here, comes close to the thought of the American Transcendentalists. Confronted by the rapid mechanization and industrialization of the early nineteenth century, Transcendentalists found meaning in and through unmediated attention to the natural world, recognizing the immanence of nature and the sacred in man. Birkerts identifies in our own digital revolution a need for a new Transcendentalism: a spiritual, aesthetic, and moral renewal achieved through contemplation, idleness, interiority, receptivity, the organic, and the unique. Such a movement would protest the digital status quo on behalf of the “seeking, self-apprehending” individual. “Each new age requires a new confession,” Emerson wrote, “and the world seems always waiting for its poet.”
Birkerts, whose references lie mainly outside of contemporary art, may not have encountered it yet, but such art is being made, whether or not it jibes with one’s taste. While much so-called digital or “net” art merely mimics systems of interpretation already in place, there are those artists, now, whose interest is not in the strategies and selling-points of the system but in finding an honest relation to it. Far from Silicon Valley, there are tinkerers whose work more closely resembles a kind of folk art, whose objective is not the next billion-dollar app but the creation of soul-satisfying uses for and meaningful investigation of the digital tools and interactions that constitute daily life: Taeyoon Choi’s handmade computers, for instance, and Brian House’s “tanglr,” a shared browsing extension for Google Chrome. In works such as Addie Wagenknecht’s “Data and Dragons” sculptures, James Bridle’s rorschmap.com, Adam Harvey’s anti-surveillance fashions, Nick Briz’s “glitches,” and Tega Brain’s “eccentric engineering,” technology becomes more than a means to an end. These artists build circuits and programs and other objects for the sake of beauty and contemplation, approaching ones and zeros in the spirit of language. They find there, no doubt, a sensation akin to Nabokov’s “aesthetic bliss.”
Lisa Seitz Gruwell of the San Francisco Recreation and Park Department said organizers of the event must begin taking responsibility for the event, "otherwise we are going to have to find a way to shut it down."
Kinnard Hockenhull: It’s really hard to say. There’s no way for us to do analytics on that sort of thing. We did conduct a survey and we found that most of our users have used one other bitcoin exchange before. It’s probably not always Mt. Gox, but my guess is more often than not, it is.
KH: I think that there is the potential for that sort of thing. I’ve actually talked to some people at the US Treasury about something called Fedcoin but what it really comes down to is that bitcoin is a currency of choice and people will only use it if they find value in it. So I think there are certain issues that could come up as a result of a government having an unfair advantage.
All our politicians are struggling to find answers. They are losing power to the markets, to the big global corporations, to the emerging economies and to the media, notably to the social media made possible by new technology. Philip Gould himself believed that the revolution was never finished. He was also an optimist. Yet, as the ancien régime decays, it is hard to see how our politics is going to be revived.
Yeah no duh you’re saying, it’s called a book. It’s a subatomic particle of information in the vast ocean of knowledge available on the Internet. But it never takes away your focus. You’re never tempted to check twitter for retweets. You have a real chance of getting deep into the content. Of really focussing. You have no ability to accidentally find yourself in email or a chat room.
Lately I’ve put the tablet away at bedtime. While I value it’s ability to explore every facet of human information, I often get far more than the 300 page linear algebra book at my bedside that I read (and really learn!) 2 pages at a time. Even with every notification turned off on my tablet, my concentration with a book deepens, my desire to find that little hit of dopamine removed. Just like dieting, environment control is key. You don’t regret not eating brownies when there’s no brownies around. If there’s nothing around but salad, fruit, and lean meats suddenly you eat well without a constant epic struggle of willpower.
When readers search, do they find what they want? This is especially important, because users tell you in their own words what they think your app is
To me video games have become a refuge for the sea of interruptions we find ourselves in. They train our brains back to a healthy task flow. I have no data to back this up, but I believe after an hour of gameplay I am more focus and goal oriented with my work than before. After a day of answering emails, being interrupted, being badgered by my devices I am able to relax and play through the game. Get to the next level. Move the ball forward.
And unfortunately, it is all bad news, the group said. “The TPP is the archetype of an agreement that exists only for the benefit of the entitled, politically powerfully lobbyists who have pushed it through to completion over the last eight years,” EFF explained in its wide-ranging critique of the latest leaked chapter. In fact, the deal is so bad when it comes to intellectual property, the EFF found “nothing” for users and innovators to support, but plenty to fear — “the ratcheting up of the copyright term across the Pacific rim, the punitive sanctions for [Digital Rights Management] circumvention, and the full frontal attack on hackers and journalists in the trade secrets provision, just to mention three.” However, while the leak confirmed EFF's “greatest fears,” it also strengthened the groups resolve to “kill this agreement for good once it reaches Congress.”
They ALSO also do a podcast called HatChat, which can be found on their website, here .
They can be found here .
The graphic by author Alex Hillsberg definitely contains some facts I found surprising. I knew China was heavily involved in the production of iPhones, for example, but didn't realize that Japan came in second as the country with the largest number of Apple suppliers. And speaking of those suppliers, I also wasn't aware of the fact that companies like Samsung and Sony were so intimately involved in making the iPhone 6. Aren't they Apple's archenemies?
With the Dissidia Final Fantasy NT beta now upon us, many people have been clamoring for a move list for each character. Fear not, we’ve got you covered with move lists for each character in Dissidia Final Fantasy. Now that the game is available and out of beta, all characters and attacks are free for players to use, and you’ll find all of the available attacks below for each character. Make sure you have these Dissidia character move lists up and ready to look at so you know what attacks to use and when.
Most characters have a ground and aerial attacks. That means pressing the same button on the ground may give you a different attack in the air. If you need some assistance knowing the difference between the various attack types, we’ve already covered that in another article. Here you’ll find each characters Brave Attacks, HP Attacks, and EX Skills which we also covered how to acquire in a separate article.
“No, I don’t believe that. He’s a very good organizer, and I think Bernie will have a lot of say in the DNC, which I welcome, and they will find good full-time organizers,” Schumer said. “I said to [Ellison], the number one person you should hire who is the executive director should be the best organizer we can find, and he agreed.”
Hamilton has won great acclaim for many reasons, but the show’s decision to cast people of color in the overwhelming percentage of the roles definitely contributes to the production’s appeal. Broadway has historically been a majority-white, exclusive institution, and Lin-Manuel Miranda’s show not only stands out by virtue of being different, it also offers positive representation that many musical theater fans can’t find elsewhere.
Last month, Australia’s National Health and Medical Research Council concluded that “there are no health conditions for which there is reliable evidence that homeopathy is effective.” The organization found that there were “no good-quality, well-designed studies with enough participants” to determine whether such treatments were more effective than a placebo.
Montana: Baucus, like Rockefeller, would have been in for a very tough race in 2014 if he had run. The Democratic polling firm Public Policy Polling found him trailing 49 percent to 44 percent in early 2013 against Rep. Steve Daines, who eventually became the GOP nominee. Baucus announced his retirement in April 2013, and then later resigned to become ambassador to China. Gov. Steve Bullock appointed then-Lt. Gov. John Walsh, a fellow Democrat, to fill the vacancy. Walsh’s campaign, of course, fell apart over the summer under the weight of plagiarism. Now Democrats are stuck with little-known nominee Amanda Curtis, a state representative, and Daines is a huge favorite.
We hope this work will support the utility of organoids in drug development where organoid cultures could help bridge the gap between cell lines and rodent models by encompassing aspects of the tumour complexity generally found only in in vivo systems.
It was my 27th birthday, and I had left the Labour party. In fact, I had quietly left some weeks beforehand, and run away to look for the living wage, the social housing, the repurposing of abandoned buildings, free education and the NHS. I had left the Labour party to find the values that I thought that it once stood for, and I found them, in the Greens.
For a long time now I have found myself defending my membership of the Labour party while wondering what values of mine it defended any more. I didn’t leave the Labour party. It left me, and many others besides. Yet we, the “defectors”, are lambasted as traitors, since it’s easier to launch personal attacks than political arguments, easier to insult and scaremonger than to reflect on why so many core and loyal voters are edging away uncomfortably. “Vote Green and you’ll get Tories!” they shriek at me. I voted Labour last year. I got Tories. There are no guarantees in a first-past-the-post system that we get the government that represents us.
“Back when I was in 8th grade (I’m 46 now – you do the math), I discovered military and role playing games. The first games, which I either saved up for or were given as gifts, include Dungeons and Dragons (the Basic Set), Orge, GEV, Starship Troopers, Star Fleet Battles and 88. If I remember right, 88 was available in the “Gaming Department” of a local department store at the now gone Salem Mall in Dayton, Ohio. The department included various versions of chess, including a 3 D chess clearly modeled on the game Mr. Spock played in “Star Trek”, some Avalon Hill titles and a selection of large boxed games from a company called “Yaquinto”. I distinctly remember seeing the huge flat yellow boxed 88 which featured German Africa Corp soldiers manning an 88 mm anti-tank gun on the cover. Having been raised on shows like “The Rat Patrol” and being an avid viewer of tv broadcasts of “The Desert Fox”, I had a great fondness for the North African Campaign and I remember saving up my allowance for over a month to purchase that cool looking war game. I was not disappointed. Each unit in 88 was a tank or truck or squad of infantry. I loved the tactical nature of the game and often substituted model tanks for the counters in the game. After playing 88, I had to find its brother games – Panzer and Armor. Panzer featured Russian Font battles while Armor featured the Allied campaigns to conquer Germany after D Day.
Upon opening the box, you’ll find a basic rule book, an advanced rule book, a play book, five player aid cards and two 11” x 17” summary sheets, six sheets of high quality, full color counters, 28 full color double sided unit data cards, dice and five full color double sided geomorphic maps. Also included are zip lock bags to put your counters and dice in.
Complete rules for terrain cover every conceivable cover, building, bridges, etc. you could ever hope to find in Europe. No stone has been unturned in the research and rules in this game.
Let us remember that Australia's Grand Mufti Ibrahim Abu Mohamed is on record for saying that homosexuality and lesbianism are a "sexual perversion." In fact, you don't have to look far in Muslim websites to find evidence of Muslims decrying homosexuality as a disease of the West and calling for severe penalties against it. Sadly, the events unfolding in Orlando are proof that radicalised Muslims will even seek out and target LGBTI people. While it is undoubtedly wrong to associate this action with all Muslims, nevertheless it does evidence a link between Islamic extremism and violence towards innocent LGBTI men and women - violence that should make us mournful as enraged at such evil.
So let us imagine that religious exemption laws are repealed. And consequently a Muslim school, charity, or mosque finds itself in a legal dilemma because, well, it only hires Muslims who hold to Islamic beliefs and follow the Muslim way of life. What happens next? Does anyone really expect Australian Muslims en masse to alter their deeply held religious beliefs about family and marriage and just get with social progressive program? Would this cause Muslims to feel even more resented by society than they already are? I think we already know the answers to both questions.
You might not find other people's views persuasive, agreeable, or tasteful. You have the right to criticize and even mock those beliefs. But the moment you say that certain people no longer have the right to hold and live by their beliefs, you are then rejecting diversity as a value and instead are insisting on the dogmatic imposition of your own beliefs as the sole acceptable position in the public domain.
The cousin of Michael Vick, Aaron Brooks never found the same success in the NFL. While he will be remembered as an inconsistent quarterback, Brooks did lead the New Orleans Saints to the franchise’s first ever playoff win in 2000.
Heisman winner and college football legend, famously known for his hail mary to beat Miami, Doug Flutie easily stands out here. However, due to his height, Flutie found most of his professional success in the Canadian Football League, winning three Grey Cups. He did make an NFL comeback after his stint in the CFL, earning a trip to the Pro Bowl and winning the Comeback Player of the Year award in 1998.
"At least they're not going to go out tomorrow and start shooting cats, but they haven't come up with a solution yet. Hopefully now they'll talk to us a bit and we'll try to find something that will work," said Kortis.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton insisted that she "had broken no rules" to conduct government business through the use of a private email service in lieu of the U.S. government's unclassified system, the Non-Classified Internet Protocol (IP) Router Network (abbreviated as NIPRNet) and the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet). These are a system of interconnected computer networks used by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of State to transmit classified information. The U.S. government has spent billions of dollars developing, deploying, and protecting its internet protocol router networks to enable authorized government officials to conduct the business of government, properly exchange information, and intelligence, up to and including information classified SECRET, with others in the government (and their contractors) who are authorized and entitled to have it. Mrs. Clinton purposely avoided using the government's networks through the use of a homebrew server. That she found a way to transmit countless classified documents, up to and including special access program material, to her personal server has been made public and is not in question. The former Democratic presidential candidate disclosed that she and her aides had deleted more than 30,000 emails she deemed "personal." For a frame of reference, 30,000 emails printed out represents a stack of 60 reams of paper, a stack 11 feet tall. When the FBI retrieved the spools of microfilm, the Alger Hiss "Pumpkin Papers" printed out to a stack four and a half feet tall. Hillary Clinton and the FBI have learned much from the Alger Hiss case. The American public will not be able to read a transcript of Hillary Clinton's interview with the FBI, because the bureau did not transcribe it. Furthermore, Mrs. Clinton was also not placed under oath during the three-and-a-half-hour interview. When Mrs. Clinton wasn't placed under oath, she could not be charged with lying to the FBI, as Alger Hiss was eventually charged with and convicted of. There doesn't seem to be a race against the clock for the Trump DOJ to charge Mrs. Clinton with espionage. Alger Hiss escaped prosecution under the Espionage Act of 1917 due to the statute of limitations having expired. Also, there was no appetite by the DOJ to charge the former senior State Department official and Democrat lawyer. Although federal statute USC 3282 provides for a five-year statute of limitation for the vast majority of federal crimes, this statute of limitations does not necessarily stand in the case of espionage prosecution. It is generally agreed by legal scholars that acts of espionage can be prosecuted for at least ten years after the alleged act. I wish Congressman Trey Gowdy could give Attorney General Sessions a lesson on Spoliation of Evidence, with which attorneys fresh out of law school are familiar. Hillary Clinton's deletion of 30,000 emails is a classic case. When parties fail to produce relevant evidence within their span of control, evidence they are otherwise naturally expected to possess, the U.S. legal system allows and even mandates that unfavorable presumptions be drawn against them. So when some item of relevant evidence – whether documents, physical objects, or data relevant to an ongoing legal matter – is destroyed, discarded, or modified in some way, the U.S. legal system allows us to presume that the missing evidence was unfavorable to that party and allows us to draw conclusions accordingly. The classic junior high school excuse, "the dog ate my homework," isn't valid under the law when the disappearance is suspicious. Spoliation of evidence is prohibited by an array of laws and regulations. Also, anyone who destroys relevant evidence or assists in such destruction is subject to criminal prosecution, civil fines, tort liability, exclusion of testimony, and dismissal of claims, as well as adverse evidentiary inferences. We have little way of knowing if any one of the 33,000 missing documents under Mrs. Clinton's control could have been used "to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of a foreign nation." The Trump DOJ should be making all possible efforts to retrieve the missing 33,000 emails and determine once and for all: "was it espionage or was it yoga?" "You don't use BleachBit for yoga emails or for bridesmaids emails," Congressman Trey Gowdy said in an interview to Fox News. "When you are using BleachBit, it is something you really do not want the world to see." The cabal of President Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and FBI director James Comey did everything they could to protect Hillary Clinton from the politically explosive charge of espionage when it was obvious to anyone in the intelligence community what she was doing. There is sufficient and obvious evidence that like the Soviet spy Alger Hiss, Mrs. Clinton should be charged with espionage before the statute of limitations runs out.
At Sunday’s Edmonton Oilers playoff game at Rogers Place, some female fans were surprised to find women’s bathrooms had been converted to men’s, causing their wait times to increase.
“We came across an extremely long lineup and found out that was actually the lineup for the women’s washroom. And we had to go, we had to wait,” Jacqueline Comer said.
When we use a delete route, we get the deletion stuffed into our browser’s history. If we hit the back button, after navigating to another url#route, the router will try to find and delete the model again. It gets even worse if we are routing deletes of groups of things. Assume that we routed to #/delete/green in order to delete all items that are colored green. Then the user adds several new items that are green. Now that they are done, they click through the back button history in order to get to where they started. Along the way, they hit the #/delete/green route again, and all of the work they had just done is destroyed.
Backbone is a stateful framework. This means that we have whatever objects are instantiated hanging around and waiting to do work or have work performed on them. By using a route to find the model that we want to delete, we are ignoring the state that our Backbone application has already provided in order to look up a model that is already in memory, waiting to be used.
The last line of the router’s delete method removes the view that was displaying the item because when you’re deleting an item, you will likely want to remove it from the view as well. By using a jQuery selector to find the view and remove the HTML that represents the view from the DOM directly, though, we are breaking the view’s encapsulation and creating spaghetti code which will likely become difficult to maintain over time.
While there are some very distinct advantages of using a router, it should not be our default go-to object to enable functionality. MV* frameworks, like Backbone, give us the opportunity to bridge the gap between the web and the thick clients. We need to take off our stateless-web-server glasses and realize that Backbone opens a world of different principles and patterns. We need to look to the thick-client, desktop and native-mobile-device applications for guidance in some of these areas. Not every pattern we find will apply, of course. But many of them will, and they will help us produce much longer-lasting, maintainable solutions for our interaction-heavy web pages.
Police said that the girl, found alone on the train at Kottayam, was handed over to Childline and eventually reunited with her family.
"We found a four-year-old girl alone in the train at Kottayam and handed her over to Childline," an official said. He added that according to information later received from Childline personnel, the girl had been reunited with her parents.
Broadband Blue has friendly internet service specialists waiting to take your call 24/7. Our friendly team will help you determine which internet service plan and option is available in your area of WA (even if you live out in the country). We will help you find out what internet plan is best for you and set you up with the cheapest price available. Call 888-648-2706 to speak to one of our specialists and to find out more about deals and promotions exclusive to your area!
What these researchers found is that damage to the roadbed is proportional to the 4th power of the axle load of the vehicle, and they called this “the Generalized Fourth Power Law.” This means that if you double the weight on an axle, your vehicle does sixteen times the damage to the road. The result is those signs you see on the backs of truck trailers that say “This truck paid $4,182 in highway taxes last year.”
So I started thinking and searching for help on the web. Below you’ll find a list of tips that will help you to spend your time with benefits.
Rob Gleason, chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party, said in a statement that he was "disappointed" by the ruling. "We shouldn't have to wait for this commonsense reform to be enacted," Gleason said. "With that being said, voter ID is still Pennsylvania law, was found to be constitutional and we will work to encourage voters to bring their photo identification with them to the polls."
Last week, a court monitor was appointed to oversee operations at his office after a federal judge found in May that Arpaio’s deputies had racially profiled Latino drivers. That ruling came in response to a lawsuit that tested whether police could target unauthorized immigrants without profiling U.S. citizens and legal residents of Hispanic origin.
Normally a central bank would try to fix the imbalance between saving and investment by reducing interest rates (which should discourage saving and encourage borrowing). But in a weak enough economy with low enough inflation the interest rate needed to balance saving and investment might become negative—maybe even really negative. Given the difficulty of achieving a negative nominal interest rate, the central bank might find it hard to push an economy out of that sort of trap once it fell in.
Knox was studying writing in Italy when she was found to be a murder suspect in the death of her roommate Meredith Kercher in 2007.
Both Knox and her boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of murder in 2009, and the duo spent four years in prison before being acquitted in 2011 after independent experts put the evidence against them in doubt.
The Type then stood out among other toned down premium tanks compared to fully teched same tiers. It was not only a competitive tank, the favoured matchmaking and the still existing stacking lead to numberless random games, where Tier6 and 7 tanks (regardless of their module status) found themselves against these Tier8 credit-farmers, whereas Types didn’t have to face Tier10s. The matchmaking stacking created credit-hungry hordes, ad-hoc teams, mostly impervious to frontal fire of desperate lower tiers, and with enough mobility to counter flanking attempts, to hunt down those who tried to dodge/escape them. The Type also has exceptional tactical flexibility compared to other Tier8 premiums, the Type-wolfpacks could steamroll anything in their path. Dealing with such raider parties demand cooperation, map awareness and cold blood.
In the evening of the first day, numbers of the chinese tank long time not seen invaded the servers again. The favoured matchmaking had changed – partially – since the “dark ages”. These premium tanks can find themselves in Tier10 battles, but the stacking (putting the same tanks on one side) and problem of lower tier opponents in the opposite slots remained. One might think, the current matchmaking spread and the presence of the Types are tools for some forced evolution towards the more expensive and premium-demanding higher tiers…
Officers then asked to search the car and quickly found a satchel in the back seat with $250,000 worth of heroin wrapped in bundles.
It allows the beneficiaries In Ramesh Kumar's case, the surveyor found him to be staying in Gulmohar Park for over 20 years and recommended rejection of his application.
Cultural phenomena can be found at the bus stop: wait two thousand years and it all comes in a rush. As we wait, we witness the expiration of the popular modern method. We witness the expiration of the brand and the capriciousness of its ideas rooted in retrospection: music which wants to be heard, but has been heard already.
Culture subservient to past iconography produces fatalism betraying the unlimited creative potential of today. The pretty little heads of Brighton Fashion Week and London Fashion Week and garb meisters around the world showcase a zeitgeist devoid of spirit; the ego all-encompassing and closed, clutching at the certainties of the rear-view mirror. And at the bus stop, if the phenomena doesn't arrive, we will start walking: we will find a way. Only t-shirts can save the world now: fatalism is not the end!
The Colts made some big steps this offseason, and the team looks much different as a result. We'll find out soon enough if those steps lead to success on the field in 2017, but for now, the team is decidedly moving in a new direction that is widely perceived to be positive.
My two primary concerns are weight – without the frame and hip support of the hiking pack, I will be carrying all of the weight on my shoulders and back which could get painful if we find ourselves walking long distances. Last night I filled it to the brim, walked 1.5 miles around Rachel’s parents house in Buffalo and found that I was able to manage the 23 pounds without any soreness.
If you’re unemployed and you goal is to find a job, emailing five random companies every day may feel like progress (and to an extent, it is; action is better than inaction), but if you’re not refining your resume, tweaking your cover letter and researching companies you and your skill set are best suited for – in other words, improving your process—you’re unlikely to meet your outcome.
If your goal is to find a romantic partner, a qualitative improvement to your process could be improving how your feel about yourself using affirmations, practicing gratitude and dressing better. A quantitative improvement could be talking to 10 new people every week and improving your conversation skills by 1 percent every week.
“You have the same town-and-gown tensions here that you would find in a small Massachusetts college town,” said Winnie Cobbs, a retired college professor who operates a local bed-and-breakfast. As she talked, two young women, wearing jogging bras and college mascot tank tops, race-walked through downtown. Inside PieLab, a Horseshoe Farm fellow hunched over her laptop, filling out medical-school application forms.
As Buck talked, she squirmed in her chair in what was the original pop-up PieLab space and is now used by AmeriCorps Vista volunteers who run BikeLab, a bicycle-repair and reclamation project also initiated by Project M and HERO. “We came with preconceived notions about what we would find in Alabama,” she said.
Posters quickly found their way into the hands of city and county powerbrokers. Things came to a head during a heated conversation in the street, which Pam Dorr, of HERO, playfully described as a “near riot.”
“Most of the other people who I was doing improv with at the time were scared to try it but I like trying scary things. I tried it and didn’t die and found it really fun and challenging. I had been performing a good amount of my life and here was this new skill that I needed to develop in writing jokes and getting what’s inside of my brain outside and making it all understandable,” she said.
Piqué, who said he had decided to speak because he wanted to find a solution and because it was not fair on his team-mates who have grown “tired” of the issue to have to face endless questions about him, said that it “hurt” that people questioned his commitment to the national team. He said he had thought about departing in the wake of the referendum, but also that he had thought about continuing after 2018 – the date he had previously set for his international departure. “I don’t want to leave out the back door,” he said.
“There are lots of people who want me to stay. If you talk, you can reach an understanding. I am sure that if I sat down with them all, it would be different. There are people in Spain whose positions are very diverse and if you talk, you can find a solution. I’d like people to listen and think: ‘What he says is reasonable.’ And the Sergio Ramos thing is a myth. I’ve said it 15,000 times: we get on fantastically well. In fact we’re going to go into business together.
Washington: Researchers have described an ancient skull recovered from a cave in the Annamite Mountains in northern Laos as the oldest modern human fossil found in Southeast Asia, pushing back the clock on modern human migration through the region by as much as 20,000 years.
The scientists, who found the skull in 2009, were likely the first to dig for ancient bones in Laos since the early 1900s, when a team found skulls and skeletons of several modern humans in another cave in the Annamite Mountains. Those fossils were about 16,000 years old, much younger than the newly found skull, which dates to between 46,000 and 63,000 years old.
No other artifacts have yet been found with the skull, suggesting that the cave was not a dwelling or burial site, said University of Illinois anthropologist Laura Shackelford, who led the study with anthropologist Fabrice Demeter, of the National Museum of Natural History in Paris.
The find reveals that early modern human migrants did not simply follow the coast and go south to the islands of Southeast Asia and Australia, as some researchers have suggested, but that they also travelled north into very different types of terrain, Shackelford said.
"This find supports an `Out-of-Africa` theory of modern human origins rather than a multi-regionalism model," she said.
The researchers used radiocarbon dating and luminescence techniques to determine the age of the soil layers above, below and surrounding the skull, which was found nearly 2 1/2 meters (about 8.2 feet) below the surface of the cave.
"This fossil find indicates that the migration out of Africa and into East and Southeast Asia occurred at a relatively rapid rate, and that, once there, modern humans weren`t limited to environments that they had previously experienced," said Kira Westaway, of Macquarie University in Australia said.
1 Fake Egg (I use Ener-G Brand, it will work without this, but I have found it holds together better with it.) (optional)
Coming into the final stretch of the season after the Rio 2016 Olympics break, the Chicago Red Stars find themselves in fourth place and four points out of first. Both Gilliland and Raetzman know that it will be a grind to the finish after the break and hope to help guide their team to the playoffs for a second consecutive season.
“For a team that has got a lot of very, very good soccer players with very good soccer IQs, rather than being that blue-collar team [from 2015] that pushed through to get results — that’s still something we still want to have but we are trying to evolve ourselves to being a blue-collar, soccer-minded team — I think we have been struggling to find our identity with that and to make it work, but it has been coming together these past few games and our practices have been really good,” she said.
Oyster mushrooms can be found on living and dead tree trunks and logs. They are fairly easy to identify, but be wary of look-alikes such as the orange mock oyster and bear lentinus. These look-alikes are not dangerous, but may be woody or unpleasant-tasting. As with all foraging, the safest way to learn how to find oyster mushrooms is to go hunting with an expert before heading out on your own.
“The drone can be deployed when an alarm is triggered. It can find a subject and send live video to the owner's phone and ask if you want to authorize the subject or detain them. If you detain them, it drops into fully autonomous mode to detain them until police arrive. If need be stunning them with 80,000 volts of electricity to render them incapacitated,” said a statement from Chaotic.
Shutting out a stranger is one thing, but it’s trickier when you're elbow-to-elbow with a colleague. For her own flight, Gulliver tried a different strategy: breaking out a crossword puzzle. It worked like a charm. Doing a puzzle feels less exclusionary than reading—theoretically you might ask your neighbour for help with a tricky clue—and allows you to stare into space as if you’re pondering potential answers when you’re really just daydreaming. Has anyone else found a conversation-stopper that succeeds without giving offence? If so, please share, but maybe not with the person in the next seat.
“We got no answers to our questions about why these kids were suspended when they were just found [innocent] by the law,” Wolitarsky said. “He basically told us that he didn’t have answers, and that led us to believe that this is kind of unjust. He has the power to reverse this, and he won’t.”
“Today, we’re putting up a stop sign,” the Arizona Republican said in a May 9 floor speech. “And we’re going to find out how powerful these companies are.”
In order to guarantee another 4-8 years of US-led military aggression in the Middle East, and heightened tensions with Russia and China (all of which translates into lucrative defense spending), the Neocons have found it necessary to drag Russian President Vladimir Putin into the 2016 presidential race as a means of deflecting attention away from a devastating series of leaked emails, courtesy of Julian Assange of WikiLeaks, that portray Clinton and her campaign team in less than glowing terms.
Nowhere does Albright question the contents of the emails. This deliberate and glaring oversight explains why Albright and her fellow Neocons found it so necessary to drag Russia into this scandal. The allegations contained in the WikiLeaks emails are so potentially damaging to Clinton's chances at the White House that they required a diversion as large as Russia to conceal them.
Second, the woman who replaced Schultz, Democratic strategist and former CNN contributor, Donna Brazile, was found to have tipped off the Clinton campaign on the content of two questions ahead of the final Clinton-Trump CNN-hosted debate. The jaw-dropping implications of that explosive finding, which could have tipped the scales in favor of Clinton, deserves nothing short of a Watergate-style investigation.
Although it may be perfectly true that Mr. Rich died the victim of a robbery gone awry, there are still grounds to believe that he was the DNC whistleblower. Somehow the mainstream media, however, found it more expedient to pin the blame on a distant foreign power without a shred of evidence.
Viewfinder posts are your opportunity to “show & tell” about the everyday arts happenings, interesting sights and sounds made or as seen by Minnesota artists, because art is where you find it. Submit your own informal, first-person responses to the art around you to editor(at)mnartists.org, and we may well publish your piece here on the blog. (Guidelines: 300 words or less, not about your own event/work, and please include an image, media, video, or audio file, and one sentence about yourself.)
Garfield Boothe and Nichelle Boothe-Rowe were found guilty Saturday of second-degree murder in the 2011 death of 10-year-old Shakeil Boothe.
Boothe was Shakeil’s father and his wife Boothe-Rowe was his stepmom. They were arrested soon after police found the child dead in their Brampton home on May 27, 2011.
On May 26, 2011, Shakeil didn’t respond to Boothe-Rowe’s calls for breakfast. When she went down to the basement, she found him lying lifeless on the floor, still dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, his foot blue and cold to her touch.
Her lawyer Brian Ross said Saturday he found the verdict “disappointing.”
If you find it useful, you are more than welcome to contribute code to any of its components, or even to write a driver for your favourite language! Drop by the slack channel and tell us about it :)
As society expands, so do the needs of those living within society. Everything is new. Advances in technology are made daily. Fashion is as mutable as the weather. New and old conspiracies hit the newspaper headlines without ceasing. One cannot help feeling at a loss living under such demands to keep up. Searching for ever elusive identity and security in the midst of an upbeat nation seems to deepen the void within. Almost everyone longs for comfort and escape. These needs are often pacified through outlets like exercise, work, eating and gambling, to name a few. Unfortunately, many people fall face-first into a drug lifestyle. It always seems like the right answer...until people find themselves fixed, unable to escape from the bondage they have created. Inevitably, they are back where they started, drowning in self-condemnation and despair.
Methamphetamine is both domestically produced and imported into the United States in an already processed form. For the local producers the processing required to make meth from the precursor substances is not only easier than it once was, but also more accessible. There is no specific recipe for making it. Methamphetamine is not derived from a plant, only chemicals. No smuggling or foreign connection is required. Meth is completely homemade; most of the chemicals required to manufacture meth are readily obtainable from hardware or drugstores. Meth normally contains ephedrine or pseudo-ephedrine, which is found in over-the-counter cold medications. Depending on the recipe, other ingredients used in the cooking are that of the skull-and-cross bone labels: lye, rat poison, battery acid, and various chemicals such as acetone and gasoline.
Usually by the time police find a lab, there is nothing left but a cancerous bog. At some site, the chemicals in the soil cause the earth to spontaneously ignite. California's "cooks" empty their kettles in the dirt so that the cost of mopping up doubles yearly. It reached close to $7 million last year, second in the state only to oil spills.
"Overall, National drug abuse continues to decline but, as other reports have found in recent years, it is on the rise among those under twenty years of age. Methamphetamine users in California tend to be either high school and college students or twenty-something's of any economic status," declares The National Drug Control Strategy. Recently, in Irvine, California, a sixteen-year-old was arrested for cooking up meth using a step-by-step recipe taken off the Internet. "One treatment program in Northern California reported fifty percent of the adolescent clients enter with meth as their primary drug of abuse and eighty percent report that they use if regularly," says Pulse Check, National Trends in Drug Abuse.
The survey conducted by The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University found that substance abuse trends among high school and college students are rooted in behavior beginning in middle school. Researchers also found that preteens are smoking cigarettes, drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana at earlier ages and that adolescents who abuse these "gateway drugs" run a higher risk of abusing harder drugs in the future. The statistical correlation between tobacco and drug abuse is high. Youths aged twelve to seventeen who smoke are eight times more likely to use illicit drugs than a non-smoking youth.
According to the Director of White House Drug Control Policy, Substance abuse among young people has grown during the past five years. Pro-drug messages are communicated to children through the most sophisticated, multimedia techniques while anti-drug forces typically fight back with bumper stickers: that is, with one-dimensional approaches. Material legitimizing drugs can be found in music, film, television, the Internet, and mass market outlets."
“We cannot turn a blind eye to that and assume that everything is OK once the campaign is over,” said Azevedo, a Brazilian who has led the global trading body since 2013. “That’s one problem that we have today: Those voices have been there for a while, and nobody ever took the time to really understand it and find a solution for that problem.”
In the hurly-burly of civilized living we rarely find time, or even give a thought to living in the NOW. We spend our NOW thinking of the past or dreaming of the future. Raja Yoga enables us to be still and experience eternity, as defined by Boethius: "to hold and possess the whole fullness of life in one moment, here and now, past and present to come." 3
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
Last month, the Army released the results of that study, which admits that combat stress and mental health issues, combined with substance abuse problems, contributed to the violence. Soldiers who see more combat and have more of their comrades killed may be more likely to find trouble when they come home, the study said.
On November 16, 2007, Needham, still wondering if he'd face charges stemming from his suicide attempt in Iraq, wrote in black pen that he felt drowsy and laid his head on a desk. According to Needham's notes, a staff sergeant found him there and yelled, "This is no time to sleep." The sergeant then threatened Needham, saying, "I will break your fucking face." Needham told the sergeant to go ahead. The sergeant closed in, inches from Needham's face, and "called me a pussy and a scared little kid," Needham wrote.
His family was unable to get John the intensive help he was in need of and, within two months of his honorable discharge, John Needham attacked police at his home--while nude and drunk. In another room, the police found 19-year-old Jacqwelyn Villagomez, who had been severely beaten. She later died.
Eventually, it might allow someone to fill out a single form and find out automatically whether they’re eligible for a variety of public assistance programs.
Elsa nodded her head emphatically. "Not lost!" she said. "Elsa always find Anna."
Getting the underwear was simple. All Anna had to do was find her own size and buy one of the pre-packed five-pairs-for-ten-bucks (she wore the same ones. She made sure to get different colours, though).
Taking Elsa's hand, they walked together to the food court. It had definitely been over ten minutes, but Rapunzel had definitely found a way to entertain herself in that time.
"It's Flynn!" groused an olive-tanned, brown-haired boy. He gave Anna a cocky grin, and she found herself rolling her eyes again (this time unaccompanied by a smile).
“A lot of it has to do with ego — I don’t need you anymore,’’ Billick said. “Trent Baalke doesn’t need Jim Harbaugh now. So now we are going to find out whether he does or not. And sometimes it’s one side saying ‘I need more input’ or ‘I had more to do with this than I am getting credit for.’ ’’
“I knew that I couldn’t do that (be general manager),’’ Carroll said. “I wanted to find a guy like John Schneider if we could, and between that process we were very fortunate that we hit it right, and we figured out through the interview process that John would be an extraordinary partner to do this with, and on we went.’’
I was perhaps five yards away, and I watched with the closest attention the momentous talk. I knew what the President was going to do. What was vital to measure was its effect on Stalin. I can see it all as if it were yesterday. He seemed to be delighted. A new bomb! Of extraordinary power! Probably decisive on the whole Japanese war! What a bit of luck! This was my impression at the moment, and I was sure that he had no idea of the significance of what he was being told. Evidently in his immense toils and stresses the atomic bomb had played no part. If he had the slightest idea of the revolution in world affairs which was in progress his reactions would have been obvious. Nothing would have been easier than for him to say, “Thank you so much for telling me about your new bomb. I of course have no technical knowledge. May I send my expert in these nuclear sciences to see your expert tomorrow morning?” But his face remained gay and genial and the talk between these two potentates soon came to an end. As we were waiting for our cars I found myself near Truman. “How did it go?” I asked. “He never asked a question,” he replied. I was certain therefore that at that date Stalin had no special knowledge of the vast process of research upon which the United States and Britain had been engaged for so long...
Several secret coded telegrams sent by the Nizam of Hyderabad over the tense months of 1947-48, after he had declared his intention not to join India and Pakistan, also provide insights into his bitterness and his plan to hire a European prime minister for Hyderabad. The standoff finally ended after India launched Operation Polo to liberate Hyderabad in September, 1948."Gandhi has started his fast with the intention of unifying the Muslims but he is an old fool and his character is doubtful," the Nizam says in one of his several telegrams to his legal advisor Sir Walter Monckton, who played a key role in the Nizam’s negotiations with Lord Mountbatten after Hyderabad declared its intention to remain independent.In another telegram, the Nizam tells Monckton to find a European prime minister for Hyderabad, so as to further firm up his declared independence, which was being opposed by the communists, the Congress and the Indian state. "Try for dominion status for Hyderabad within the Commonwealth. Try to get a European prime minister," according to the Nizam’s telegram to Monckton.According to a note of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), these telegrams were sent by the Nizam to Monckton "in code," after the arrival of K M Munshi as India’s agent general in Hyderabad and Mahatma Gandhi’s fast.The telegrams show that the Nizam was heavily dependent on Monckton to advice him through the crisis. "Come early, the condition in the state is worsening day by day. India government is trying to strangle Hyderabad and is giving all kinds of difficulties. She is encouraging border incidents. These rascals are unnecessarily creating trouble regarding the Rs 20 crore loan to Pakistan. There was nothing wrong in transferring the Indian securities into Pakistan securities. Hyderabad is prepared for the worst. Give also this information to the authorities in England. Come early," the Nizam wires Monckton.In another telegram, the Nizam tells his advisor that Mountbatten is likely to come to Hyderabad and force it to accede to the Indian Union. "If he comes here with that intention, the condition here will worsen as the people would not like that. I have already declared my independence and I am not ready to rescind from that position and accede, whatever may happen. My people are also with me," the Nizam says. And then again appeals to Monckton to come early because Mountbatten was expected to visit in February, 1948.The Nizam also reveals in one of his telegrams that the ‘Stand Still Agreement’ signed on November 29, 1947 with India was only to "mark time".Also among the declassified documents are many other intelligence reports that bring out the deep suspicion that Indian agencies had of British officers of the Indian Army. One assessment says they are mostly "pro-Muslim and are creating as much trouble as they can before they quit India next year", and they must be sent back at the earliest.This particular report — put up by V P Menon for the perusal of Mountbatten — also talks of the need to remove the British brigadier posted in Secunderabad. Among the intelligence reports are also several inputs about the irregular fighters, communists, movement of foreign journalists and others.As tensions further mounted, in August 1948, the agent general was told in a detailed secret report that "aerial gun running is still going on between Karachi and Hyderabad. The planes are mostly landing at Warangal and occasionally at Bidar. Incidents have been reported of two and even three planes arriving the same day. It is through these planes that emissaries of Hyderabad travel to Pakistan and the places abroad".On September 18, 1948, Major General Syed Ahmed El Edroos, the commander-in-chief of the Hyderabad State Forces, surrendered his army to Indian troops under Major General J N Choudhuri, who later became the Army chief. Hyderabad became an independent state between 1948 and 1956, and then it was split up among Andhra Pradesh, Bombay — later divided into Gujarat and Maharashtra — and Karnataka.
statigr.am/kimbo_ks13 A study by three scientists in the American Political Science Review finds that voters are not competent at accurately evaluating incumbent performance and are easily swayed by rhetoric, unrelated circumstances and recent events.
The group ran three experiments where they changed some of the rules of the game in order to find out how voters could be manipulated or confused over performance. Essentially, how good were voters at accurately analyzing the performance of the "allocator?"
Having been a part of many of these deep-dive analyses, I've noticed some "principles" that I've found useful to follow throughout.
I find it useful to regularly check the basic statistics of the data (sums, counts, etc.) throughout an analysis in order to make sure nothing is lost along the way - essentially creating a trail of breadcrumbs I can follow backwards in case something doesn't seem right later on.
Interestingly, the researchers also found a similar "remote control" texting bug in Windows Mobile, and other bugs in Android and the iPhone that can let hackers boot the phones off the network. The Android bug has been closed, but the second iPhone bug has not.
Miller and Mulliner also found a hole in the iPhone's Safari browser way back in 2007 when it was first launched.
Hello all,Thanks for checking out our 15th devblog! Progress is moving along nicely on 0.10.xx. We've had some feedback and the issues found are being worked on. If you're testing 0.9.22, please share any issues you find on our tracker or come share on our Discord. Below we'll discuss a few upcoming features and exactly what the team has been working on.As we discussed a bit last week, we're having a revamp on all the current structure windows. The system in place is universal which allows us to create a prefab that we can constantly update and all in game structures are affected. Our windows have always lacked any depth beyond being able to fortify them. As with most of our features, they've been in place as a base for some time but are now getting some attention and improvements.Previously, windows had no glass, no inner structure and were just an open framed hole in the wall. We've added glass and wood cross panels.This adds a great deal of depth to a structure. It also creates an additional barrier and block for the player. Players could previously make a quick escape by jumping through an open window. Now players and zombies alike will need to deal with the glass and framework.Our current kitchens are a bit static and they're also rather massive in scale. They're original models from a way's back. The team and community felt the need for an upgrade. @Rik Konings has been hard at work re-working all of our kitchen models. We'll be introducing these in coming updates with continued design work. These kitchen cabinets and appliances/fixtures will be animated. The player will see doors open or animate slightly to add a bit of life to the world.We'll soon be introducing scrap metal piles, a plan we've had from the concept. You'll see them all around the world but mostly at starting camps (also being introduced shortly). These piles will allow the player to scavenge them for chance to pick up some scrap metal. These metal scraps will be used to create a wide variety of starting items in game including axe heads, hammer heads, machetes and the newly introduced canteen.We're reworking and properly introducing our achievement system. There's a core system in place now but it needed to be shored up and Jayty has that sorted now. You'll be seeing working achievements in upcoming builds. Our new media/design intern Ids has also begun reworking our actual achievement artwork below you can see some of his concepts and our current direction with them.Jiras workflow allows us to break what needs to be done up into bit sized pieces. Large tasks are called epics and the team will set out a large set of these to work off. Each epic may have numerous issues within. Cooking Improvements, for example, would be an epic, inside of which could be numerous ‘issues’ - Import New Cooking Grill, Create Tinder from Cloth Recipe and so on. These issues are grouped together and placed into what Jira calls a sprint. The team creates these sprints based on how many points (these points basically set a difficulty level) they feel each task or issue within will take them to resolve or develop. We typically create two week long sprints. Two of them per update with a week or two to allow for revisement.Yesterday the team finished up the 'Final Fantasy' sprint and begun work on the 'Goldeneye' sprint. Below you can see exactly what went into the coming update's first sprint, Final FantasyWe'll go over how the current sprint is going, talk a little about starting camps and discuss vehicles! Believe it or not the core of the reworked backbone for vehicles will be going in very soon (some already have). The team is reworking all things vehicles and we're very excited to get the ball rolling. Here's what we're currently poking around in, for testing purposes of course! ;)Thanks much for checking on our development of Survive the Nights and, as always, thank you for the continued support. The project has come a long way and we're excited for the coming months leading up to our public alpha release!Discord: https://discord.gg/survivethenights Forum: https://community.survivethenights.net Twitter: https://twitter.com/STNgame Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/STNgame YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/a2zinteractive Website: https://www.survivethenights.net
This is hardly a new development. DSA and other left-wing organizations have been involved in anti-Trump protests, including those against the implementation of Trump’s travel ban. Socialists have been playing important roles in recent protests against police violence. If you go further back, you can find leftists organizing and defeating racists in places like Dubuque, Iowa during the nineties and in other campaigns for over a century.
Even Gheen seems to swing both ways. “I just found out that he worked with the Democratic party in the 1990s. That sounds pretty bipartisan,” Colbert said.
Based on that fact, Colbert turned the tables in Gheen. “I’ve got to at least consider the possibility that someone found out he gets off by going to the ballpark on weekends and laying in a trough in the men’s room like a human urinal cake. I have got nothing to back that up. I just need to know that that’s not true,” he concluded.
If you’re already testing iOS 10 beta on your iPhone or iPad, head to the Software Update section of the Settings app to find the OTA update. If you’re a registered developer deciding to start testing iOS 10 with beta 6, head over to the Apple’s developer page to install the beta profile. For non-developers, Apple is currently testing iOS 10 through the public beta program which usually receives updates a couple of days after developers (or sooner as we near final release). iOS 10 public beta 5 is also available for non-developer testers.
Capt. Robert Glover of the Metropolitan Police Department told reporters Wednesday morning that officers were called to the area of 15th and L streets and found three people who weren't authorized to be at the site attached to the crane. He says another four people are now on the crane, too.
As the Times columnist Charles Blow charted last weekend, Mr. Obama’s favorable and unfavorable ratings from white Democrats are both up 5 points since last summer in the Times/CBS poll — a wash despite all the hyperventilating about Mr. Wright and Bittergate. (By contrast, Mrs. Clinton’s favorable rating among black voters fell 36 points while her unfavorable rating rose 17.) Gallup last week found that after the Wright circus Mr. Obama’s white support in a matchup against Mr. McCain is still no worse than John Kerry ’s against President Bush in 2004.
Police say they found an AR-15 rifle, 12-gauge Remington shotgun, ammunition, and a hunting knife in the 2002 Chevrolet Prizm the two men had driven to Boston.
Hynes security officials stopped Stumbo from entering the convention center Thursday evening and notified police, according to police reports. While officers were escorting Stumbo from the building, they found Norton as he arrived.
Police executed a search warrant on the car and found the weapons Friday, and the next day arrested Norton and Stumbo at the Red Roof Inn in Saugus, police said. Evans said police let the men go back to their hotel Thursday feeling confident that the public was in no danger. Police declined to say if they had kept the men under surveillance in the meantime. Norton and Stumbo were banned from the Pokémon event following the alleged threats, officials said.
Stumbo’s attorney, Steven Goldwyn of Cambridge, sought to shift responsibility to Norton. “There is no probable cause for arrest,” Goldwyn said in court. “My client was not found in possession of the firearms or ammunition and the car belongs to Mr. Norton.”
In September, they found a 1,500 sq. ft. building to turn into the brewery, the former Eco Coffee Roaster building at 300 Mill Street. In January, they had all their licenses in place.
She may of not known it, but when your mother used to make you eat at all your greens at dinner, she may have been keeping you cancer-free. A new study has found that an extract from cruciferous vegetables - such as broccoli, cabbage and garden cress - may help mitigate the effects of environmental carcinogens.
According to the researchers, their work was inspired by past studies and anecdotal evidence indicating that cruciferous vegetables with a high concentration of sulforaphane helps prevent cancer. To determine if this was true, lead author Julie Bauman, co-director of the UPMC center, worked alongside Daniel E. Johnson of the UPCI Head and Neck Cancer Program. The pair administered sulforaphane to mice predisposed to oral cancer and quickly found that it significantly reduced the likelihood that cancer would develop, when compared with an untreated group.
"People who are cured of head and neck cancer are still at very high risk for a second cancer in their mouth or throat, and, unfortunately, these second cancers are commonly fatal," Bauman explained. "So we're developing a safe, natural molecule found in cruciferous vegetables to protect the oral lining where these cancers form."
One other change, this week a large number of the questions of Brendan came directly from you, the listener, via Twitter! This is a new thing I'm trying and I really feel it made for a better show and I thank you for it! I'm on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/shanselman and you can read more about Twitter in my post on Twitter: The Uselessfulness of Micro-blogging if you want to jump in and "follow me." I encourage you to find a Twitter Client that works for you and give it a try.
Cisco, whose bread-and-butter business is routers and switches that manage Internet traffic, is keen to find new networking functions. The company is betting heavily on video, which Chambers likes to call “the new voice” and is one of its five growth pillars.
On Sunday, Bagcal said he issued the second affidavit to clarify that there was only one robber, since a 14-year-old boy was also being implicated in the case. Bagcal did not mention that boy's name, but Arnaiz's companion, 14-year-old Reynaldo de Guzman, was later found dead in Nueva Ecija with around 30 stab wounds.
BOND: It’s so significant because no one’s really found out who ordered these shots to be fired and under what conditions, though for about a year we’ve had a commission looking into this, the Farlam Commission, and it has unveiled some secret police video and emails that are very, very incriminating for the police, because it seems now that instead of the original media reports from August 2012, in which the mineworkers were allegedly charging the police with their machetes, their knives, and then were mowed down by automatic police fire, instead those workers now, with new video tape that was previously unavailable, were actually walking more casually and then began to panic as they saw barbed wire being rolled out. And that Farlam Commission investigation also showed the number-two man in the ruling party, Cyril Ramaphosa, formerly a mineworker leader, having sent some emails–again very incriminating–as a 9 percent owner of Lonmin, the main company under strike at that time, that company then calling in the police, calling in the mining minister. In other words, a very important connection–maybe collusion is the proper word–between big business, big government, and a police force that then, and still today, seems ready to shoot to kill.
A very recent study tries to do just this. Published in the Journal of Climate, authors Richard Seager and Martin Hoerling cleverly used climate models forced by sea surface temperatures to separate how much of the past century’s North American droughts have been caused by ocean temperatures, natural variability, and humans. What they found was expected (all three of these influence drought), but it's the details that are exciting. Furthermore, the methodology can be applied to other climate phenomena at other locations around the globe.
Using precipitation data from the University of East Anglia and ocean temperatures from the Hadley Centre combined with climate models, the researchers were able to add or omit the oceanic temperatures and compare the two sets of results. They found that ocean temperature variations cause up to 40% of the changes to precipitation, depending on location. They also found that the oceans can “nudge” the atmosphere to create conditions that are amenable to drought, and that temperature increases associated with human-driven global warming also play a role. In fact,
Troy Daniel Dunaway was found dead at his Houston area home on Aug. 7, 1981. His nude body was hanging by its neck in his bedroom closet, and at his feet lay an issue of Hustler.
Looking at a map, one would be challenged to find a more impressive place than Easter Island where people ventured without the benefit of modern navigation. Just three times the size of Manhattan, it is more than a thousand miles from its nearest island neighbor to the west and 2,200 miles from Chile to the east, yet people have lived there for more than 800 years.
“Sacred Marriage” again finds that deep psychedelic rock sound, not heavy but deep. While “Dues to the Dolemen” finds Hexvessel creating the sounds of invocation with spoken word over acoustic instrumentation followed by a droning instrumental riff.
Line four of PSG’s financial statement for 2012 has “Autre produits” (other revenue) of €125M or $160M – that means over 50% of revenue came from money the owners found down the back of the couch.
However, if it is found to be a RPT then things change dramatically.
The Financial Fair Play regulations define a RPT and it can be found by clicking on the link and moving to pages 83 through 85.
PSG may find that there are lots of clubs willing to take their money for overpriced players but there will be even more cheering should UEFA use them as a high profile example.
The FDA has posted on its Web site a searchable list of products being recalled by manufacturers. It can be found at http:/ / www.accessdata.fda.gov/ scripts/ HVPCP/ .
Because of the number of products involved and the uncertainty of the risk, officials have been struggling to find the balance between protection and alarm.
The salmonella bacterium is usually found in animal or human feces. Most healthy people infected with salmonella recover without treatment but experience fever, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. Salmonella infections can cause serious problems and even death in the young, the elderly and those with compromised immune systems.
The agency learned about the problem after a foodmaker found the bacterium in a shipment of HVP and reported it under a new law that requires companies to notify the federal government if they detect contamination in a product or ingredient. Before September, the food industry was not required to alert the government to contamination.
The Star found Kuganesan’s cellphone number on numerous Kijiji and Craigslist ads heralding a slew of businesses, including used car sales, home renovations, mobile boat cleaning, auto tinting, painting and windshield repairs. In all of those ads, he goes by the name “Mike.”
“I just didn’t want to be taken for a fool,” Tomas said. “I just had this burning inside … OK, I’m gonna find out … It was like a bait, really, let’s see what happens with this one.”
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
South Carolina was not the decisive nail in Sanders’ coffin – though that might not be far off. Rather, this was the contest in which Clinton found her stride. And that is just what she needed at this moment.
Unit 5 looked at the daily air traffic -- including every takeoff and landing of passenger, private, and corporate aircraft -- at Gary/Chicago International Airport, and compared its traffic to that at other comparable airports in the Chicago/Northwest Indiana area. In our survey of various time periods covering 2012, we found that Gary (GYY) had less daily traffic than Waukegan Regional Airport (UGN), Dupage Airport in West Chicago (DPA), Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling (PWK), and Chicago Rockford Airport in Rockford (RFD).
'We went through our scrap piles to find the doors and the electrical switches,' she said.
She found the incandescent bulbs for the dingy metal mesh fixtures online and purchased decals of gauges for the square electrical cabinets from a store specializing in retro design.
The movable field outside of the stadium. On September 26, 2006 the University of Phoenix acquired the naming rights to the stadium totalling $154.5 million over 20 years.[29] On April 11, 2017, the University of Phoenix terminated the naming rights just 11 years into the 20-year deal, citing financial woes; however, the university kept its name on the stadium until a replacement company was found to give naming rights to. On September 4th, 2018, State Farm reached a deal securing the rights through 2036. University of Phoenix will remain involved as a sponsor with the team in a reduced capacity as the Cardinals' "official education partner."
"We found the worst, most violent torture tools, and may God curse them."
In an amateur video taken at the facility, the cells have been shown to have metal doors and mattresses, pillows and blankets inside. In addition, sexual stimulants, contraceptives and narcotics were also found inside the prison cells.
"We found various kinds of pills, including sexual stimulation, contraceptives and narcotic pills which were used by the Islamic State group for torture," rebel leader Omar Mazerli said.
"They have very strange ways. This place was very hard to find and it is well hidden, but we got here with God's will and the efforts of the Military Council."
But beyond #FergusonOctober, any person who has ever lived in a college football town knows exactly what Saturday nights after big games are like. My first academic job was in a college football town. When I arrived, my students instructed me of survival protocol for home games: “Get your food on Thursday night. When you go in the house on Friday evening, don’t come back out till Sunday.” Less a set of racial instructions, these were more pragmatic tips so that I didn’t find myself caught in the middle of town in a traffic jam caused by drunken revelers. Drunken white revelers.
On at least two occasions, one of my good friends, a fellow professor, called to say that she had come out to her car on a Saturday night in this college town to find a drunk college kid urinating beside her car. On both occasions, she weighed the benefits of confronting the drunk white guy blocking her access, or simply waiting till he had finished and moved on.
In decades past, the task of telling ambitious women that they’d never find love fell to male editors and reporters, who were unabashed in their contempt for a new breed of she-monster known as the “career woman.” Later, the media let the numbers do the talking, and we got clinical analyses likening our odds of marrying to getting killed by terrorists (a particularly chilling analogy, in hindsight). These days it’s a woman’s job to break the bad news, and often the messenger is single herself, offering up her life as a cautionary tale for the good of womankind.
Husband shortages have another thing in common with hurricanes: There’s always another one coming. No matter what women’s economic and educational gains, someone invariably finds a fresh algorithm to explain anew why smart, independent ladies who wish to wed are screwed.
Actually, women with college degrees are more likely to marry than their less-educated peers—and less likely to divorce. Graduate degrees and high salaries also don’t hinder a woman’s chance of walking down the aisle. Sociologist Christine Whelan found that women aged thirty to forty-four earning more than one hundred thousand dollars per year are—once again—more likely to be married than their lower-earning cohorts.
Economist Dana Rotz, a researcher at Mathematica Policy Research, found that for every year a woman waits to marry, she lowers her risk of divorce. A woman who marries for the first time in her late twenties (twenty-seven to twenty-nine) is 15 percent less likely to divorce in a given year than a woman who marries in her mid-twenties. If she waits until her early thirties (thirty to thirty-four) that risk drops by another 15 percent. “Marriages made when a woman is in her late thirties (thirty-five to thirty-nine) are more stable still, and fully 46 percent less likely to end in divorce than those beginning when a woman is twenty-three to twenty-six. Up until your early forties, waiting to marry is associated with lower risk of divorce,” she told me.
But that doesn’t mean you’re overly obsessed with your career—it probably means you’re just not that into Todd. You don’t break up with someone you love because “work is crazy.” When you’re in love, you steal whatever precious moments you can. You drive them to the airport so you can have that time on the freeway together. You make out on street corners before dashing back to the office. You have the company car take you straight to their apartment at eleven p.m., and then have it pick you up from there at five a.m. Friends and family are neglected. Houseplants wither and die. Bills go unpaid; dishes unwashed. But you find time for each other.
Feminism never promised women that life would be easy— that there wouldn’t be hard choices and massive trade-offs. It never said that the corporate lawyer who hasn’t had a weekend off in four months wouldn’t at times gaze longingly at the hipster mom knitting a smartphone cozy while her kids play in the park. It merely said she should be free to make her own decisions—and even mistakes—because she’s smart enough to find her own way.
Obama's remarks, which come on the same day that a new CNN/ORC poll found his approval rating standing in net-positive territory for the second month in a row, were made to the African Union in Addis Ababa. He is the first U.S. president to address the group, and was critiquing some African leaders' reluctance to turn over power.
People love to personalize their Pebble watches. We've included a soft silicone band with each Pebble Time and a fine leather band for Pebble Time Steel, but any standard 22mm watch band will fit. All new Pebble watch bands include a quick-release pin, letting you swap bands in under 10 seconds. Now it's super easy to find the perfect style for you!
Gold with red leather band All Time Steels come with both a leather and matching metal band. Special Engraving for Kickstarter Backers All reward watches are engraved with ‘Kickstarter Edition’. For those who are backing Pebble on Kickstarter for the second time - thank you! Your Pebble Time watch will be engraved with something extra special. We've been making smartwatches for almost 7 years now. Our ultimate goal is to make Pebble an indispensable tool in your daily life by helping you accomplish more each and every day. While developing software for the original Pebble, we uncovered an important problem: apps are an inefficient way to interact with a smartwatch. As we increased functionality by adding more apps, our Pebbles clogged up. It became harder to quickly find the app we wanted. No one wants to manage another homescreen!
I found the So Delicious Dairy Free® Frozen Desserts in the frozen dessert aisle at my local Scottsdale, AZ Walmart. Some of these flavors are available at specialty grocers, but how great is it that these vegan treats are now becoming so easily accessible in a store as mainstream as Walmart? Yay. Progress!
Authorities also found that the cheese, produced near the southern town of Caserta, contained as much as 20 times permissible levels of bacteria, said Carabinieri Police Maj. Alfonso Pannone.
“CBO found that by 2016 deficits as a share of the economy would be below 3 percent – a key milestone of fiscal sustainability,” said Jeff Zients, director of the Office of Management and Budget. “It found that after implementing the president’s budget, debt held by the public will decrease and then stabilize as a share of the economy, also a key indicator of improving fiscal health.”
Const. Tommy Lacroix said the majority of the pills were found in a shed on the property, but they did find a small quantity of drugs inside the building where the daycare was operating.
At the other house, police found about 300 grams of marijuana and 2,500 contraband cigarettes.
The New Jersey-born writer is guest of honour at the Neuchâtel International Film Festival (NIFF), whose organisers are clearly delighted to have such an eminent figure in their midst. They confide that they have been startled by how amenable Martin has proved. "He wants to meet people," the festival's artistic director Anaïs Emery says with evident surprise as she details the many book signings, masterclasses and press events he has already attended. (He has also found time to visit the HR Giger Museum in nearby Gruyères.)
His father, Raymond Collins Martin, spent around two years unemployed. Even when he eventually found employment as a longshoreman (and got his all-important union credentials), the work wasn't consistent. "You have a card and you have to show up at dawn every day," Martin says, recalling his father's working life. "Maybe you go home and you don't make anything. They hire the more seasoned men, the more veteran men. The longer you're in it, the more work you get but there are some rough times at the beginning."
Good editors, he continues, are "gatekeepers" who find and guide new talent. "The world is changing, I will admit. I am old enough and now very well established so the changes don't affect me so much. But with the rise of the internet and self-publishing, we are seeing people who are trying to reach the readers directly and bypass traditional publishing and bypass the editors. It is really too early to tell where that will lead but I am not necessarily sure it will lead to a good place. I do think the function of editors as gatekeepers is a valuable and worthy function – they do save us from reading a lot of crap!"
They don’t want to find out more; they just want to argue.
Neh. 13:1 On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
You can find out more about Barton on his Right Wing Watch page.
Various studies have found the heritability of IQ to be between 0.7 and 0.8 in adults and 0.45 in childhood in the United States.[6][18][19] It may seem reasonable to expect that genetic influences on traits like IQ should become less important as one gains experiences with age. However, that the opposite occurs is well documented. Heritability measures in infancy are as low as 0.2, around 0.4 in middle childhood, and as high as 0.8 in adulthood.[7] One proposed explanation is that people with different genes tend to seek out different environments that reinforce the effects of those genes.[6] The brain undergoes morphological changes in development which suggests that age-related physical changes could also contribute to this effect.[20]
In the new study, researchers at King’s College London turned to a cohort of more than 11,000 pairs of both identical and nonidentical twins born in the United Kingdom between 1994 and 1996. Rather than focus solely on IQ, as many previous studies had, the scientists analyzed 83 different traits, which had been reported on questionnaires that the twins, at age 16, and their parents filled out. The traits ranged from measures of health and overall happiness to ratings of how much each teen liked school and how hard they worked. Then, the researchers collected data on how well each individual scored on the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) exam, an exam that all students in the United Kingdom must take and which is used for admission to advanced classes or colleges. The team found nine general groups of traits that were all highly hereditary—the identical twins were more likely to share the traits than nonidentical twins—and also correlated with performance on the GCSE. Not only were traits other than intelligence correlated with GCSE scores, but these other traits also explained more than half of the total genetic basis for the test scores.
In science, extraordinary claims (claims that conflict with large bodies of evidence to the contrary) require extraordinary empirical evi­dence to become widely accept­ed. Thus, when someone claims to have a piece of Noah’s ark, or evi­dence that we’ve been visited by space aliens, or a human fossil found in the same rock layer as a dinosaur fossil, or evidence that intercessory prayer works in healing dis­ease, the Scientific Method requires that one remain very skep­t­i­cal. In such cases, scientists must demand strong empirical evidence ob­tained un­der conditions of extra­ordi­nary security to prevent any pos­si­bility of data tampering.
Our first paper on the topic was “On the Number and Size of Nations,”[1] where we provided a model in which political and economic factors – such as democratization and international openness – lead to more numerous, smaller countries. The idea that international economic integration goes hand in hand with political disintegration was at the center of our theoretical and empirical work with Romain Wacziarg of UCLA.[2] Those and other contributions soon became part of a growing economic literature on the endogenous formation and breakup of nations, including our book The Size of Nations (Alesina and Spolaore, MIT Press, 2003; paperback 2005). A useful recent review of the literature on the size of nations is found for instance in The Economist.[3] In this article, we provide a few considerations on how such economic research can help evaluate the ongoing trends and debates about secessions.
Nowadays, because of trade and international institutions, being small does not mean to be poor, while being big it is no guarantee of prosperity. Among the five richest states in the world in terms of per capita income, the most populous is Singapore, with just over five million inhabitants. In contrast, among the five largest countries in terms of population, the second richest after the US is Brazil, a middle-income country. In our above-mentioned work with Romain Wacziarg, we found that the economic growth rates are much higher among countries open to international trade, and that this effect is much greater for smaller countries than for larger countries. In other words, international trade is much more valuable for small countries which have small domestic markets.
Nyquist's goal gave Sweden the edge but did not open the floodgates. Indeed, had Markstrom not found the answer when Morten Ask attempted a repeat of Nyquist's scoring play at the other end, Norway would have tied the game soon afterwards.
The Swedes' best chances to extend the lead also involved Nyquist: he almost found Alexander Wennberg on the doorstep during a power play and then galloped on to a loose puck on the Norwegian blue line only for Haugen to close the door.
In addition to the kidnapping victim, thankfully alive, police found two bodies in the house.
According to Cleveland 19 News, he also told them about Rebekah Leicy. In March 2015, police found her body in a field in Ashland. Her death had originally been attributed to an overdose, but Grate told authorities he strangled her.
That’s been haunting Marion County Sheriff Tim Bailey for over a decade. He remembers well where they found the body in March 2007.
“He was very polite,” Bailey said at the news conference. And he knew all about the body found along Victory Road.
As the months went by, the sheriff said Grate told the investigator, Grate got concerned that maybe someone would find the body and use DNA to identify her.
Overall, the couple, who are now expecting two grandchildren, say the diagnosis has been “a gift” in some ways. When the couple were invited to a wedding last year in Zurich, they found a way to attend, and even expanded the trip into a tour of Italy.
Milwaukee Aprilia pulled the wraps off their 2017 WorldSBK RSV-4s at the beginning of Jerez testing yesterday, then it was time to get down to business for Eugene Laverty who found that the braking prpoblems he encountered in the last Spanish test are still there.
The Monegasque says the RSV feels like it’s pushing the front which makes it difficult to turn in, so today the Anglo/Italian crew will work with Ohlins to try and find some solutions.
Oh, yes. I did all this geometry not having any notion that it would be linked to physics. It was a big surprise when people said, “Well, what you’re doing is linked to physics.” And so I learned physics quickly, talking to good physicists to find out what was happening.
I’m going back to Einstein and [Paul] Dirac and looking at them again with new eyes, and I think I’m seeing things that people missed. I’m filling in the holes of history, taking account of new discoveries. Archaeologists dig things up, or historians find a new manuscript, and that sheds an entirely new light. So that’s what I’ve been doing. Not by going into libraries, but by sitting in my room at home, thinking. If you think long enough, you get a good idea.
Vasquez still finds the beauty in nature the same way he did in 2010. “I open my soul and share it without reservation to humanity. I’m just going to react in a pure, open, and honest way,” he said. Indeed, living outside of Yosemite National Park, which he calls the most beautiful place in the world, Vasquez can fully appreciate the world around him.
Before we look at the specifics, it should be noted that the blame for what we're about to find doesn't lie entirely with the FCC. Although it is a state entity that practices coercion through its ability to fine and shut down broadcasters, it is of course not the only factor that goes into a given broadcaster's policies regarding what does and doesn't make it on the airwaves. If the FCC were to disappear tomorrow, for example, networks would not start filling their primetime lineups with lesbian pornography. Likewise, some of the "bleeps" and word substitutions on the radio aren't even necessary to avoid FCC fines, but are instead done because some company executive has the vague sense that advertisers might find such content offensive. That matters solely because the advertisers in turn have the vague sense that consumers might find such content offensive and so direct their demented rage toward the advertiser. And thus it is that the totality of radio censorship in the U.S. is a messy-yet-comprehensive indicator of the national psyche, as represented not only by what our state bans, but also what our commercial institutions fear and what is believed to be upsetting to our people. It is, all in all, an across-the-board index of the American character.
“If I could find my Hannah
And that Sancho that she's found
Here, the word "tits" has been removed. Finally, then, we've found at least a modicum of consistency, a sense of the rule of law, if only within the context of this one song—between "tits" and "ass," clearly we're not going to do references to secondary sexual characteristics in "Wrong Way." So that's something, at least. BY THE WAY, DID YOU CATCH THE PART WHERE HE TAKES THE CHILD PROSTITUTE TO THE BATHROOM SO HE CAN FUCK HER?
Pochettino first brought it into the public domain as part of a discussion about Harry Kane and how the striker’s awareness of Tottenham’s place and identity in London had helped him to find extra edge in derby matches. Kane has an eye-catching scoring record against his club’s capital city rivals: he now has 22 goals in 31 games.
Pochettino has made it his mission to harden the mentality at Spurs, having found what he felt was a collectively weak one when he arrived in May 2014. To him, everything is related to energy and it not only drives his team’s high-octane style. He demands that his players run themselves into the ground – most notoriously, during his remorseless pre-season training sessions – but, also, that they are prepared to fight until the last breath of every game.
A working party is striving to make his return possible. Mungo Man will find his resting place in the same secure storage shared by Mungo Lady since her return in 1991. This is a momentous occasion, a benchmark moment for traditional owners and a closing of the gap in my Mungo journey. It is an event of national significance. That homecoming opens new opportunities; new voices will be heard from ancient graves.
In my pursuit of rational science, those lakeshore sands, originally solely of geological interest, have been transformed into sacred grounds. My eyes have been opened to glimpse and share in some small way that inner view long entrusted to Mungo Man’s Aboriginal descendants, a deep connection to country, to their ancestral spirit-charged lands. I remain ever conscious of Mutthi Mutthi elder Mary Pappin’s admonition: “You did not find Mungo Lady and Mungo Man – they found you!”
Studies have found that among many young Japanese, masks have evolved into social firewalls; perfectly healthy teens now wear them, along with audio headsets, to signal a lack of desire to communicate with those around them. This is particularly true for young women seeking to avoid harassment on public transit, who also appreciate the relative anonymity the masks provide.
I never thought it would happen to me but my players found a way to end my campaign ten sessions early. Let me back up…
Where the First Empire was born of a remnant of the Student Men, on the eastern coast of Bluewine Bay on the Telsion peninsula and the Dragons Teeth a new civilization emerged from the ground up from the Dark Ages following the War of Four Centuries. Between 3000 and 2600 BIA Small towns and villages grew into City-States with some aide from trade with the resurgent Qanthrathi states to the west as well as trade contacts with Dwarven States, the High Elves and even the Drow (when they were not attempting to enslave them). Power in these states was distributed. A few of them had ruling dynasties but none of them ever developed a formal nobility or the rigid feudal structure. Far more common among Telsionic city state were oligarchies (in which a wealthy elite could vote on matters and their elected leaders) and democracies (in which all adult male citizens could vote on matters and their elected leaders), though slavery was widespread among them. The Drow fought with them on occasion, but were more concerned with dealing with orcish clans, hunting down Necrites and fighting wars with each other and with High Elvish raids. A few of their cities were reaped, especially early on, though eventually the Drow found it more productive to extort tribute out of these states and to use them as a source of mercenaries.
Residents at downtown Los Angeles’s not-so-tony Cecil Hotel received a bit of unwanted news this week when they were advised not to drink the water. It seems that a corpse, the remains of a Canadian woman named Elisa Lam, had been found in one of the water cisterns supplying the hotel, possibly contaminating the water supply. The water, per one British visitor, had a funny taste and color, presumably from the rotting flesh in the pipes.
We will leave the task of sorting out the grisly details behind the tragic death to the LAPD. But whether the water had become dangerously contaminated is a different issue. The question before us, then, is this: how quickly does a dead person decompose? And what effect, if any, does the fact that her body was found floating in water have on the rate of decomposition?
So, rather than a public-health crisis, we are left with miffed, on-a-budget tourists with a story to tell, a hotel that will likely go under from the bad publicity, and yet another grim, unexplainable death, once again of a young person drawn to the flash and eternal promise of L.A. only to find a boulevard of broken dreams—the one true Hollywood ending, one we all have seen far too many times.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. -- Just when you thought the debate over whether stars should play in bowl games had cooled off, Jabrill Peppers suffered a hamstring injury in practice a day before the Orange Bowl and missed the game. Then, just one quarter into that game, the Wolverines found themselves down another top player as tight end Jake Butt suffered a knee injury and did not return.
Many of our accessories meet a wide variety of needs, such as our variety of bags, including tote bags, duffel bags, fashion bags, carrier bags, messenger bags, business bags, school backpacks, and cooler bags. Many of these bags can meet multiple needs from toting groceries, carrying picnic supplies, hauling baby items, transporting sports equipment, and holding school supplies. Other bags have distinct purposes, such as cooler bags, which keep food and drink cold and safe to consume. Other affordable accessories, such as portable chairs, can you comfortable while watching your favorite sports games. With our wide array of affordable accessories, you’re sure to find all kinds of things to help keep numerous parts of your life organized and easier to deal with so that you can enjoy your activities. Set up matching outfits with other blank apparel such as t-shirts sweatshirts , and athletic wear
Alemonger says: Thank god I found a really cheap fuel to fill my grill lighters because I’m sure that’s what these guys really meant the liquid in the bottles to do. Easily the worst “IPA” I’ve ever had. Felt bad even subjecting the drain to it.
Thank god I found a really cheap fuel to fill my grill lighters because I’m sure that’s what these guys really meant the liquid in the bottles to do. Easily the worst “IPA” I’ve ever had. Felt bad even subjecting the drain to it. G-LO says: IPA? But where are the hops? Bland and flavorless. The less said, the better.
It’s part of a pattern of bad behavior at the State Department. The Government Accountability Office reviewed more than five dozen department grants and found officials cut corners and missed red flags in 80 percent of them.
The Senate investigation found that the State Department funded two sister groups — OneVoice Israel and OneVoice Palestine — to hire a U.S. political consulting firm, recruit volunteers, build a social media network and run advertising.
Payback changes things up slightly in the penultimate race event, where it adds cops in the middle of an actual race, but otherwise police pursuits are basically now just time trials where the AI is trying to stop you. The cop AI seems robust enough, and they’ll work on boxing you in when they have the numbers, but I didn’t find them too dangerous. They’re supernaturally fast (as usual, standard issue Crown Vics are able to go doorhandle-to-doorhandle with seven-figure supercars) but player-controlled cars are incredibly powerful battering rams, tearing through cop cars like a bad curry through a colon.
The rest of Payback is wrapped up in drifting and racing – including street, off-road, and drag. The handling model is accessible, arcade fare – long, lazy drifts are possible with a dab of brake and a bootful of throttle. That said, I’ve had more than a few events ruined by some overly hostile AI. The respawning is a bit aggressive, too. After clipping an obstacle or skirting with a steep slope I often found myself being respawned in the middle of the track after a few seconds, even though I’d instantly recovered and was already speeding off in the right direction.
Beyond the cars, however, I found Payback less visually impressive than Need for Speed 2015 overall. Payback’s dry and dusty casino city and its outskirts make for a large, varied map (and it boasts a day/night cycle this time around) but it’s not nearly as good-looking as the grimy, reflection-packed, rain-slick asphalt of Need for Speed 2015.
The House Science Committee first took interest in NIST security in 2015, when a meth lab that was run by a former NIST security employee out of an unused lab exploded. In 2016 an intruder was found wandering through the NIST campus.
This aim of this Analytical Match Report is to enhance the analysis of Rangers performance by providing a variety of advanced stats from the game. Explanations of these stats can be found in our tutorial for these reports.
Following on from our “not-review” of five free Android apps for audiophiles Hifi Pig has put together another selection of free Android apps that audiophiles may find useful and fun.
If you are looking at isolating your equipment efficiently then this is a useful little free app will help you find out if you have been successful or not.
The pair, aged 20 and 23, were sentenced to 85 strokes of the cane each after being found guilty of breaking sharia law in the only part of Indonesia that implements the strict Islamic regulations.
In Perl 6, just as in Perl 5 one can define a subroutine without specifying the list of parameters. When someone calls that subroutine, the values are found in the private array called @_.
Rakudo will throw a compile-time exception as it cannot find the appropriate function.
That would be the time to show how to define a subroutine that can get arbitrary number of values, but that requires introducing two concepts at a time. So I'll have to find a better set of examples.
For every function call Rakudo will look for a function that matches the signature and call that function. If no match is found it will throw an exception. For example, in our case, calling without a hash will throw a compile-time exception:
and it would know how to find the right subroutine leaving the %params hash empty.
Visual Stress Clinic Although each eye sees a separate image, these images are blended in the brain into one single picture. The eyes are rarely completely straight. In most of us, they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing. If our eyes drift too much, this can cause headaches and discomfort, especially when reading. The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level. It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous. Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles. 'I want to see properly' Megan Slater, 15, is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school: "I want to be able to see properly - I don't want to be frustrated. WHAT TO LOOK FOR If your child is having difficulties at school, check if the following apply: They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading They complain of the print becoming blurry They find it easier to read on a coloured background They rub their eyes after reading for a while They often lose their place when reading aloud They often misread short words "When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry." Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university, studying biochemistry. "I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print," she said. "After 20 minutes I'd usually be asleep in the library, it was exhausting. "I've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results." Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed. The reason is that the condition isn't easily spotted in a routine eye test. You could have 20/20 vision and still have binocular instability. Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway, who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University, diagnosis is a problem. She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability. Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access. On the High Street, only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition. Funding is another key issue. Professor Bruce Evans, director of research at the Institute of Optometry, has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability. He said: "We have had sympathy from politicians, but so far no promises of proper funding for this. It has been a very frustrating process." Significant problem There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition. WHAT TO DO If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and/or Visual Stress (Mears-Irlen Syndrome: Get a regular eye test (they are free now on the NHS) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year, as their sight changes all the time If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses, or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test, ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively, ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems. "This is affecting a sizable number of our children," she said. "Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems, we should be campaigning in the streets about this." And the condition also runs in families, so if the problem isn't spotted, you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is. After all, how does a five-year-old child know how reading should feel? The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful. Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself, and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress, also known as Meares-Irlen Syndrome. Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms. And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself. According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems, as many as 80% appear to have binocular instability and/or visual stress. "When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population, it's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions" said Nadia. Edi Stark presents Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST.
The Forum Research survey, which questioned 1,863 Canadians and 682 Albertans across the country at the beginning of April, found a deep ideological split between the country’s oil-rich region and the other provinces.
The survey found Canadians are split more by their region on these issues than by income, gender or education.
The poll also found about a third of Canadians believe the western provinces are an equal partner in Confederation. Fewer than that, 31% said they were a less dominant partner.
Dillon Thomas is a reporter at CBS4 and a Colorado native. He believes everyone has a story, and would love to share yours! You can find more of his stories by following him on Twitter, @DillonMThomas.
Jibo’s robot fulfillment is obscure at the moment. I have no doubt he can recognize average voice commands such as “how’s the weather” or recite words from a webpage, but I find it a bit odd that there have been zero demos showing off real dynamic conversations between Jibo and people. A simple search query for “Jibo demo” will bring up endless videos where Jibo recites his robotic “hello” and then spins around in circles while playing back a tune. It could very well be that Dr. Breazeal and her team are keeping everything behind the curtain for a big reveal, but there’s also the chance that development isn’t going as planned.
Another probable candidate for jaded backer expectations is a new robot named Robit. It’s a tiny robot currently seeking funding on Indiegogo that plans to be the robot that “does it all.” A robot such as Mr. Handy from the Fallout series if you will. With Robit, however, that’s not exactly the case. The robot moves around on two wheels with a weird motorized head at the top that spins around in an effort to convey emotion. No arms, object manipulators, or end effectors of any kind. The makers of Robit boast he can set alarms, remind you of your daily tasks, act as a robotic webcam for video calling, and even advise you on what to eat if you’re on a diet. These tasks boil down to the essential apps found on most smartphones. However, with Robit, the backer is going to have to make sure Robit’s available 100% of the time, and there’s no way he’s fitting in a pocket. Once a backer realizes this, they’re more likely to get annoyed with the hassle of Robit and just go back to using technology that’s faster and more reliable.
A New York City day camp was abruptly canceled without explanation, and parents are trying to find out what happened to the camp and their money as they scramble to find alternate childcare arrangements for their kids. Ida Siegal reports. (Published Tuesday, July 8, 2014)
A New York City day camp was abruptly canceled, leaving parents without an explanation and their tuition money as they scramble to find alternate childcare arrangements for their kids.
The Empire Day Camp operating out of the Ella Baker School on the Upper East Side was supposed to open on Monday, but families arrived to find a sign saying it was closed. Parents trying to get answers couldn't reach any administrators.
Sanjay Nasta: We probably started with similar backgrounds. I’ve managed to go through all the computer age, really, then the PC age, and then the internet and now mobile, so I bet we have a similar set of backgrounds. One of the things that you’d emailed me before this was a white paper on quality e-learning, and the concept I found very interesting in there, the key concept, was the concept of effective e-learning versus efficient e-learning. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Like I said, also triangulating, so getting it from the supervisor of the people you’re training, who aren’t necessarily the same as the subject matter experts, and find out the problems that they still exhibit even after training, and bring that back in and say, “Well, we’re going to make those alternatives.” If you can get several subject matter experts, ideally getting several and getting them to work together really helps unpack that thinking, but that’s even more of a time commitment, as you point out.
Clark Quinn: Well, I think it’s well past time where CFOs are going, “Can you justify the money we’re spending on this?” I use this lightly and it’s probably insensitive, but I call us a faith-based industry. We have faith that if we follow the process, it’s what’s good. We don’t test it, we don’t measure it, and the rest of our business has faith that we know what we’re doing. They know learning is important and what we do looks like schooling, so it should be good, and they forget that schooling wasn’t particularly successful in their learning experience. I don’t mean to be irreverent, but I’m trying to find an angle that says, “We’ve got to get away from just this belief and start testing ourselves, and becoming as innovative as we expect other industries and organizations to be.”
If that is the case, then many men, and many of my mother's generation, might find that rather rich given how much drudgery was involved in being a housewife half a century ago.
The study by the WHO found that depression is the second most debilitating disease for women
It's simple biology. In that area, we haven't really progressed much from the days of the cavemen. Until someone finds a way for men to actually bear the babies, it won't change.
Source for demos can be found here:
In short: programmers use version control systems to track changes to code. Most of these version control systems are quite similar and easy to learn if you already know another one. Git is a version control system based on completely different principles, and most programmers find it difficult to wrap their heads around it (although Git also offers a large number of nontrivial benefits over standard version control systems, which is why it is used). Cueball is one of those programmers.
The survey found Romney with a wide 66-26 lead that is similar to the advantage enjoyed by Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans’ Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) over Obama in the 2008 race.
The Military Times poll found respondents were most critical of Obama on the defense budget, but also disapproved of his handling of the war in Afghanistan by a 2-to-1 margin.
The researchers found that the number of Hcrt neurons in narcoleptics was 85 percent to 95 percent less than the number found in non-narcoleptic brains.
The department also found that the undercover officer acted in accordance with department policy when he took off his clothes and allowed the woman to perform sex acts on him before he arrested her. In fact, the department accused Bales of revealing police tactics, arguing that most people did not know that officers were allowed to get naked.
Mindfulness has become a trendy word that is used to describe everything from yoga exercises to colouring activities. It can be hard to find a simple way to explain it, especially to children.
4.The World Until Yesterday, by Jared Diamond The World Until Yesterday provides a mesmerizing firsthand picture of the human past as it had been for millions of years—a past that has mostly vanished—and considers what the differences between that past and our present mean for our lives today. This is Jared Diamond’s most personal book to date, as he draws extensively from his decades of field work in the Pacific islands, as well as evidence from Inuit, Amazonian Indians, Kalahari San people, and others. Diamond doesn’t romanticize traditional societies—after all, we are shocked by some of their practices—but he finds that their solutions to universal human problems such as child rearing, elder care, dispute resolution, risk, and physical fitness have much to teach us. A characteristically provocative, enlightening, and entertaining book, The World Until Yesterday will be essential and delightful reading.
6.Why Does College Cost So Much?, by Robert B. Archibald and David H. Feldman This book offers a different view. To explain rising college cost, the authors place the higher education industry firmly within the larger economic history of the United States. The trajectory of college cost is similar to cost behavior in many other industries, and this is no coincidence. Higher education is a personal service that relies on highly educated labor. A technological trio of broad economic forces has come together in the last thirty years to cause higher education costs, and costs in many other industries, to rise much more rapidly than the inflation rate. The main culprit is economic growth itself. This finding does not mean that all is well in American higher education. A college education has become less reachable to a broad swathe of the American public at the same time that the market demand for highly educated people has soared. This affordability problem has deep roots. The authors explore how cost pressure, the changing wage structure of the US economy, and the complexity of financial aid policy combine to reduce access to higher education below what we need in the 21st century labor market. This book is a call to calm the rhetoric of blame and to instead find policies that will increase access to higher education while.
“It’s a shame and embarrassment to New York that three-and-a-half months after the convictions of these leaders, not one piece of anti-corruption legislation was passed, whether it was tied to budget or not,” Dadey, told The American Prospect. “The budget provided leverage to get a strong package passed. It’s unfathomable that our three political leaders could not find a common ground to address the corruption in New York state.”
Cuomo’s ethics record has also suffered. Critics say the reforms he has introduced in the face of outside pressure and political scandal have been piecemeal. In 2013, he established a 25-person independent commission to investigate corruption in the government. But rather quickly, rumors swirled that Cuomo was compromising the commission’s investigations. Eventually, he shut down the commission altogether. A New York Times investigation later found that Cuomo had undermined the panel’s independence from the start by, as the Times reported, “objecting whenever the commission focused on groups with ties to Mr. Cuomo or on issues that might reflect poorly on him.”
“What I just find interesting is the degree to which this issue keeps on coming up, as if this was my decision,” the president said. “In order for us to maintain troops in Iraq, we needed the invitation of the Iraqi government and we needed assurances that our personnel would be immune from prosecution.”
As an aside, Cheltenham is actually worth a visit in itself. I find it to be one of the better appointed shopping destinations in the area, with interesting architecture and a comfortable bustle characteristic of university towns.
I always have a mental list of bras that I’d try on if only I could find a store that carried them. It was great to see many of these hanging in the window as I stepped off the escalator. That’s the most satisfying part of the Bravissimo experience. They have the bras! Maybe not all of them, but usually a good few from the top of my wishlist. It’s such a relief from the daunting prospect of buying online, having to order multiple sister sizes, pay for return shipping, re-ordering, waiting and so on. Since my local Nordstrom doesn’t even carry 28s, I literally haven’t shopped for everyday bras in person outside the UK in over a year. At Bravissimo, I’m not sized out, and no one bats an eye when I ask for a 28. It’s a beautiful thing.
That said, this is exactly the same thing that happened last year with a completely different fitter: a lot of quick knocks at the beginning, then nothing for ages. On this visit, I was there for another 25 minutes and no one ever came back to help me. At one stage, I had to peek my head out of the fitting room door and get another associate who was helping a different customer to chase down my fitter. Then, when I wanted a final opinion on the fit of the bra I was definitely going to buy, she had disappeared again. I couldn’t wait for her any longer and had to get dressed and go out onto the floor to try to find someone.
In my experience, the way that they “fit” you at Bravissimo is to put you in a bra at or near to the size that you say fits best and then to troubleshoot by eye from there. This suits me fine as I prefer not to be attacked with a tape measure. So far, I have found the fitting knowledge of all the fitters I’ve had to be very good. They recognize the signs of a good fit, like a tacking gore, cups lying flat against the skin across the top, a band that is snug but not overly tight, straps not digging in, and so on. If I mention gore and wire widths and cup heights and other common issues that I have, they listen and take it all in.
Still, given the really wide selection of bras, I would say the fitters and employees are the most knowledgeable of any other b&m lingerie store I’ve been to. On top of that, everyone at Bravissimo in Cheltenham is really very nice, friendly, patient and accommodating. When present, my fitter was helpful and right on point about the bras and sizing. When they sadly didn’t have the Etta Longline in my size, she let me try one cup below just to confirm a likely fit and informed me about how to order it. (I later found out that the Etta in 28FF was hanging right on the shelf, but the fitter had overlooked it. Sadness.)
Don’t worry, fellow Whovian! I created this survival guide so you can find something to tide you over until series 10 airs. This is, by no means, a complete list of supplementary media as I left out a lot of things. If you want a quick fix, though, this will help you get started.
"As in all societies, we can always find areas for improvement such as addressing violence against women," said Roux. "All levels of government have a responsibility for, and are working on, addressing women's labour market participation, including salary gaps where they exist, and addressing violence against women."
Up until the early 2000s, Trader Joes advertised their toll-free hotline, 1-800-SHOP-TJS in their radio ads, to help customers find their nearest store. As of 2018, this number is no longer in service, and the ability to find the nearest store has been supplanted by more modern technology such as their web site.
Gogigz - stop searching and start teaching. Make it easy for music students to find you by joining our free online music teacher directory.
Our mission is to organize all music teachers from any geographic area in one accessible online platform so that music students can find and connect with teachers based on the criteria that matters to them most.
- You'll be entering a directory of music teachers which will be available online -- students looking for music lessons will be able to find and contact you.
The patriarch of the family, Phil Robertson, made very clear over the years that he found homosexuality disgusting (and LGBT people unworthy of equal rights). He wanted to “rid the earth” of gay marriage supporters and infamously compared homosexuality to bestiality. He also assumed atheists were so immoral that rape, murder, and violence would never faze us since morality was subjective.
Seriously, peep the video above. “With mannerisms characteristic of the great Civil War President, the animated figure recites excerpts from Lincoln’s speeches on liberty, civil rights and freedom. Dimensions of the figure duplicate the physical statistics found in biographies; the facial features were taken from Lincoln’s life mask.”
Polygamy is illegal in all 50 states. But Utah’s law is unique in that a person can be found guilty not just for having two legal marriage licenses, but also for cohabiting with another adult in a marriage-like relationship when already legally married to someone else.
Pirates have found a new loophole that allows them to copy 4k movies and TV-shows from Netflix and Amazon. Up until recently these high quality 4K resolution rips were nonexistent, but a flurry of new releases from various groups show that something has changed.
These online streams were always well protected against pirates. The High-Bandwidth Digital Copy Protection (HDCP) version 2.2 or higher is still believed to be secure today, but there are signs that pirates have found a way to bypass the protection.
Hesse coat of arms was introduced in 1949. It is based on the historical coat of arms of Ludovingians, the Landgraves that ruled the Hesse and Thuringia lands and were known from the XI century. Therefore, it can be stated that the coat of arms of these territories have a fairly long history. One of the first mentions of the emblems can be found in the Ingeram Codex armorial (“Der Ingeram-Codex”) made in 1459. On the azure background of the shield a heraldic lion is depicted consisting of silver and red stripes. The “People’s crown” on the coat of arms is in the form of vine leaves.
The flag was adopted at about the same period as the coat of arms. The flag uses traditional for Germany colors. A thaler of the 1666 year found in Braunschweig proves the antiqueness of Saxon Steed.
If diplomacy on the nuclear front spills over into wider diplomatic re-engagement, then common ground on controversial issues surrounding Ukraine might be found in the medium-run. Federalist reforms and devolution to strengthen the political rights of ethnic Russians in Eastern Ukraine (in return for guarantees concerning Ukraine’s sovereignty) may assuage the Kremlin’s concerns about anti-Russian rule in Kiev. Opening up a route for Ukraine to join the EU would lack the security implications of NATO membership yet give the country a chance to become a liberalised state that does not threaten Russia. Crimea might then be formally ceded after an internationally observed, free and fair referendum, which would likely produce a pro-Russian outcome.
B cell–specific T-bet deletion affects both B and T cell compartments during autoimmune responses. To find out why the absence of T-bet expression in B cells led to the delayed appearance of autoantibodies and reduced kidney damage, we compared the B cell compartments of SLE × T-betfl/fl × CD19Cre/WT and SLE × T-betfl/fl × CD19WT/WT littermate control mice. Our data indicate that the absence of T-bet expression in B cells correlated with a reduction in frequencies and numbers of CD11c+ B cells (Figure 4A). Surprisingly, we detected significantly lower frequencies and numbers of GC B cells in mice with a B cell–specific deletion of T-bet (Figure 4B).
Given Blockchain’s footprint, the company has been talking with VCs for a while. “This time we were sharing a vision and it’s not just cash. We found partners that we were comfortable with, and were adding value,” Smith said. But the funding will also be a key asset when it comes to keeping up with the competition and convincing the next 10 million bitcoin users.
Bitcoin conversions with traditional currencies are slowly becoming a commodity industry, especially for B2C services. For example, Circle doesn’t take any fee when you transfer USD from your bank account to its service. Many bitcoin startups will have to find alternative revenue streams, and Blockchain already has a head start.
The latest story at Alternet is considered news because this time it's political astroturfing. Big whoop. Conservatives, tea partiers, and religious organizations have been found in the past to use "think tanks" and special interest groups. It's all funded. It's all money that originally came from a corporation somewhere.
One of the most notable leaders supporting the rebels against the “Russian oppression” in Afghanistan was a Western supported Osama Bin-Laden. A few years later, when there were nobody to fight against in Afghanistan he found new victims for his fight. Now in the Free Western World that supported him before, with all the tactical skills his people were studied by Western instructors. In Russia there is a proverb, something like “Don’t dig a hole for someone else, as you will fall into it yourself”, some Russian soldiers found that it was true in this occasion, after learning that those guy they fought for years, took over the Afghanistan after they left and started to fight now against his supporters.
MOST READ IN POLITICS FEELING LUCKY? Winning Euromillions numbers for Tuesday February 26 2018 £21million jackpot BACK FROM THE DEAD 'Extinct' Galapagos tortoise could 'reproduce with sperm stored inside' 'THEY NEED LOVE' Couple lose unborn baby in crash as they drove to hospital to give birth LEFT FOR DEAD Girl, 10, found 'howling' in stream after boy, 16, 'choked and raped her' ACID ATTACK What is the Katie Piper Foundation and how does it help burns victims? WALKIES PORKIES Dog trainer on disability benefits filmed running with pooches at Crufts HEN DO MYSTERY Brit newlywed, 27, 'CLUNG to balcony before fatal Benidorm hotel plunge' PARK STRIFE Mum screams at motorist and refuses to move out of way in bizarre park road row MOTORWAY MAYHEM M6 crash chaos as rush-hour traffic gridlocked after horror smash MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab himself in neck'
Song of the Deep is a metroidvania-style action-adventure game following a young girl’s quest into the unknown to find her missing father. Merryn waits all night for here father to return from the sea, and he never does. Fearing the worst Merryn constructs a submarine to explore the deep sea, making friends and enemies along the way. Merryn must brave the waters fending off monsters, and solving puzzles to accomplish her quest.
The abuse was found to be on such a large scale that it had the potential to affect the local walleye population.
The other three were recently found guilty in Buffalo Narrows provincial court on the remaining charges.
Jensen, Santini said, grew up with a sister with Down syndrome and dedicated her life to helping those with disabilities. She had worked as the executive director of a nonprofit that provided arts experiences for those with disabilities before realizing that many friends with disabilities didn’t have jobs, despite trying to find employment. She decided to create the Prospector.
The theater works with prospects to tap into their “sparkle,” their inner passions, to find the most appropriate job. Each employee is allowed to try several jobs at the theater before committing to one, or a few, that suits him or her.
“We often find that accommodating people with disabilities is an afterthought,” he said. “What we want to show the world is that it should be at the forefront. Once you include, engage and employ this population who has long wanted to be a contributing member, the benefits are tenfold.”
Back with a newfound fire, the group—also including guitarist Ryan Mendez and bassist Josh Portman—crafted Lift A Sail, their boldest, most exploratory work to date, fusing their familiar West Coast-inspired pop-punk with a wide palette of previously unused textures including heavy splashes of ’90s alt rock and electronica. Intrigued, we caught up with Key to find out how Yellowcard arrived at their radical new sound.
With so much stress in your personal life, didn’t you find it hard to sit down and focus on music?
We have this property in North Carolina—this mountain house—and we scattered my aunt’s ashes there by the house and did a service for the family. My grandparents asked to do the same, so when I was visiting my grandfather, I remember hearing him ask my mom over and over again if he was there yet, and my mom would say, “Where dad? Where do you want to be?” He kept saying, “Am I on the mountain yet?” My mom would say, “Not yet, but you’ll be with Stephanie and it will all be perfect.” Since my grandmother also passed, when it says, “I’ve found my mountain, I can be with her,” that also applies to my grandmother. I’m really proud of that song.
I think he was definitely challenged to find his way through the beginning of this process. While you may not hear what you can identify as a solo violin part in all the songs, there’s a ton of violin on the record, it’s just used in very different ways. There’s a lot more electric violin. There’s a lot of percussion stuff. He’d play a part with the back of his bow to create a percussive sound. Sonically, there’s some crazy stuff going on as far as production and programming, and there are a lot of electronic elements in it.
Coldplay is my favorite band of all time, and the guy who programs for them is Jon Hopkins. Ryan Mendez opened my eyes to him, so I started listening to [Hopkins’ solo material] and learned a lot about how he does what he does, and a lot of the stuff he does on his own is a lot more aggressive and kind of grittier than what he does on the Coldplay records, and we took a lot of inspiration from that. A lot of bands we love do interesting stuff sonically that we’ve never done before. I think I found a really cool marriage of programmed electronic elements to use on the record, but keeping everything sounding super-organic with the instruments going along with it, and the violin is a part of that. We used it in so many ways to create cool sounds and a balance, where sometimes you don’t even know it’s a violin.
He was a big part of why this thing turned out the way it did. At the beginning, he was like, “I think you guys are ready to step out of the box a little more. You never have before.” I think in the end, there were probably more raging rock guitars on it than he would have liked, but he helped us find a good medium. He never just lets you do things, even though we’ve made so many records with him over the years. He doesn’t just press “record” and let it go. He’s deeply invested in what we do, and that’s why we keep going back to him. It feels really good when he tells us we’re doing something good. We had a lot of fun with it. We weren’t holding back. We weren’t worried about who was going to think what about what; we just had fun and did what we thought sounded rad.
Yellowcard co-founder L.P. [d[drummer Longineu Parsons]eft earlier this year, and since then you’ve had Nate Young from Anberlin temporarily filling in on drums. Have you found a permanent replacement?
Video footage from both sides of the conflict has allowed researchers to accurately find the positions of government controlled areas on 21 August. The Russian-language news site ANNA News posted two dozen videos showing "Operation al-Qaboun", a Syrian government military operation running from June to August 2013. Embedded with Syrian forces, they were able to film the progress of the operation to clear positions between Jobar and Qaboun, a strip of land about 2km away from the 21 August impact sites.
Sixth, concealment. How do you hide all of this? The building, the supply chain, the people, the money, and the very smelly waste stream. Where are they? They need to be concealed not just from the Syrian regime but from other rebel factions, western intelligence agencies, the Russians, and perhaps even your own people who might desert, get captured or say silly things on YouTube videos. There is deathly silence from Aleppo and we only find out about it from Hersh?
Lastly is the specificity of the product. There are important physical clues found in the traces of sarin at the impact sites of the 21 August rocket attack. One of these is the presence of hexamine, a chemical with no history of use in nerve agent production. But hexamine can be used as an acid scavenger, and thus its presence could be explained due to its use as an additive to the sarin. This idea has been reinforced by both the admission of the Syrian regime that they used hexamine as part of their formula, and by Syria's declaration to the OPCW of an inventory of 80 tonnes of hexamine, specifically as part of their chemical weapons program. Surely, as an uncontrolled substance, they could have omitted it from their declarations. But they didn't. Hexamine in field samples plus hexamine in Syrian inventories, plus an admission that hexamine was in their recipe, seems a compelling case for tying the Sarin in the field to the Syrian regime. How would an Aleppo-based rebel factory somehow come up with the same exact idea?
I don't find Smith allows enough batter for the number of sausages: it's too thin and, although it does rise, it doesn't put on the spectacular display of Grigson or the Prawn Cocktail Years' puddings. Nothing can match the batter from Hartley's Food in England though, which adapts a batter pudding recipe for toad in the hole, and whisks the egg whites to stiff peaks before folding them in. This rises over the sausages, completely encasing them, and creating something more akin to a toad cake – unusual, certainly, but not quite what my testers were hoping for when I promised them toad in the hole.
Like most other recipes, save for Smith's, the batter is left to rest for 15 minutes before use, which the Leith's Meat Bible helpfully explains allows the starch cells in the flour to swell, which apparently makes for a lighter end product. Smith says she's never found that it makes a difference, but as far as I'm concerned, the results speak for themselves: the toad don't lie.
Getting the pan nice and hot, as almost everyone suggests, is essential for a crispy base – the fat (I like dripping or lard; Smith's groundnut oil is deliberately bland, and Gayler's olive oil all wrong here) should be smoking, and the batter must sizzle as it hits it. Grigson coats the base of the tin with a thin layer of batter and bakes for 10 minutes "to set" before adding the remainder, along with the sausages, but I don't find it makes much of a difference. Batter first, sausages immediately afterwards seems to work best: sausage first, a la Delia, means the toad has a leaky bottom.
Gayler makes individual toad in the holes in a muffin tin. They look cute – and one of my testers argues passionately that they ensure a more equitable ratio of batter to sausage – but I find them soggy in the middle: there's just not enough room for both the batter and the sausage to live in peace.
Simon and Lindsey coat their sausages in ketchup and add sage leaves to their batter, both of which I find overpowering. A much happier a match, in my opinion, is Nigel Slater's wholegrain mustard, which studs the toad with crunchy seeds and lends a welcome heat to proceedings. That's about as fancy as Mr Toad should get.
Also, where SpaceX is miles ahead of ISRO (and any other competitor at this moment) is how it has perfected the reusable rocket technology, which allows for a soft-landing of its rocket’s first stage after a launch, which enables re-use of a rocket the second (and possibly third or fourth or nth time) time as it recently proved on March 30. Once the company perfects this technology, the cost for launching a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket would come down to $612,000, or lower. With Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin close on the heels, the day is not far when ISRO could find it difficult to maintain its current USP — low launch costs.
Bawer is the author of the 1997 book Stealing Jesus: How Fundamentalism Betrays Christianity -- an eloquent, impassioned rebuke to the judgmental fundamentalism in which, Bawer contended, all too many Christians place adherence to dogma, in particular that of the sinfulness of homosexual activity, above the demands of Christian charity. The following year he moved to Europe, where he thought he would find prevailing more tolerant attitudes toward gay rights, which he did -- until Europe’s rapidly increasing Muslim population began to change that.
Last week, 12 Iraqi police officers burst into a house in Karbala, beat up and blindfolded the six occupants and bundled them off in three vans, taking the computers they found with them. The house was then burned down by unknown people.
The group says the police action is consistent with other state attacks on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Iraq. It has information that the other five – two gay men, one lesbian and two transgender people – have been transported 100 miles north to the interior ministry in Baghdad, where they'll be interrogated (ie tortured) to find out more about the group. Then, going on past experience, they'll probably be handed to militias loyal to Shi'a clerics Grand Ayatollah al-Sistani and Muqtada al-Sadr (both of whom have called for homosexuals to be put to death) and their mutilated bodies will turn up later.
The activists of TAM see themselves as waging a broad, multifront battle to drag American culture, inch by inch, away from the nonscientific and the nonlogical. This turns out to be a surprisingly uphill struggle. Probably the majority of Americans believe in some degree of what JREF’s founder, James Randi, calls “woo-woo.” (“Please use woo-woo,” he instructs me. “I’m trying to get it into extensive use.”) In 2005, for instance, Gallup found that 73 percent of Americans subscribed to at least one paranormal belief. Television personalities like John Edward earn huge audiences by purporting to commune with the dead. Numerous Americans swear by homeopathy, ingest supplements with no proven medical benefit, or believe, against all available evidence, that genetically modified organisms might transform humans into tumor-covered golems.
Last week, the good folks at The Daily Beast dug through the company’s policy page to find that Samsung smart TVs were orchestrated to record everything you say and send them back to the company, which was later sent to an unidentified third-party player.
When the American team first arrived at the Olympic stadium for the opening ceremony, they were horrified to discover that amid the forest of flags decorating the roof their own was nowhere to be seen, and far from mollified when organisers explained that they simply couldn’t find one. Sweden, whose flag was also absent, refused to participate in the ceremony at all but though the Americans continued they were to have their revenge: as they paraded before the king their flag-bearer, Ralph Rose (organisers having presumably now found a flag for him to bear), refused to conform to protocol and respectfully dip the flag.
In 1948, when the Games returned to London, the Evening News published an interview with Pietri. He was, they reported, now 65 and running a pub in Birmingham which had been called The Temperance, but had just been renamed Cafe Dorando. This news astonished and outraged residents of Carpi, who sent a four-man team led by the mayor to investigate the claims. They found that the bar owner had no trophies, no passport and could not even understand their dialect. His name, it turned out, was Peter Palleschi, from Calamecca near Pistoia. He was jailed for fraud.
Now, it’s tax season. There’s a fresh batch of fraudulent emails making the rounds allegedly from the Internal Revenue Service telling consumers that they have an refund of about $150.00 waiting for them. If you were to click on the link, you would be sent to a website that looks suspiciously like the IRS website, but the URL is something entirely different. If you were to actually fill out the form, you would find unauthorized charges on your credit card very soon after.
It's true the win was a recognition of the Government's sound economic stewardship as well as the calm air of capability, with a touch of patient worldweariness, displayed by John Key as he found himself at the centre of a media maelstrom.
Traditional bush medicine finds new life as Gulbarn tea
Davis was found around 12:15 p.m. by her daughter, slumped over in the passenger seat of a car, according to Lt. Raul Denis, with Horry County police. She died at around 1 p.m. at Grand Strand Hospital.
Wells said when his wife got to the car, she found her mother slumped over and blood in the car. He said she was shot in the neck and that her purse was missing.
A new report by the American Economic Association found that its listings for jobs for economics Ph.D.s increased by 8.5 percent in 2015, to 3,309. Academic jobs increased to 2,458, from 2,290. Nonacademic jobs increased to 846 from 761. (Not all jobs are classified in the two categories.) Economics is a field in which new doctorate recipients have long been recruited not only by colleges and universities, but by government agencies, consulting firms, banks and other organizations.
The constant need to keep the price down means my choices are more and more limited but regardless of price, I’ve found the perfect box for the Poppet. It’s unique, attractive and totally perfect for the Poppet. Picking just the right extras for the inside was another interesting fight. I debated about so many things but in the end, decided some nice stickers and a badge for every yoyo so you can show off the Smashing YoYo Company logo wherever you go.
Edward Davidson, who was known as the "spam king" (although the moniker has been given to nearly every spammer who has ever been caught) has been found dead in Colorado, along with his wife and 3-year-old child, apparently in a murder-suicide. Another child approximately 7 months old was found unhurt, and a teenage daughter had been shot in the neck with a bullet but managed to run away.
ContentID has paid out more than a billion dollars since inception, but is it purely a monetization tool or can it be used by songwriters like Pharrell Williams to remove unlicensed material? King believes that YouTube has been holding ContentID out to be the latter -- which he says means that YouTube "can find sound recording by The Eagles and program it [to remove] in a millisecond."
In Bulacan, Alvino Lucino was walking near his house in Barangay Patubig in Marilao town on Monday when he was shot. A placard identifying him as a pusher was found near his body.
Turing’s key insight came in the first section of his famous 1936 paper, “On Computable Numbers, With an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem.” In order to rigorously formulate the decision problem (the “Entscheidungsproblem”), Turing first created a mathematical model of what it means to be a computer (today, machines that fit this model are known as “universal Turing machines”). As the logician Martin Davis describes it: Turing knew that an algorithm is typically specified by a list of rules that a person can follow in a precise mechanical manner, like a recipe in a cookbook. He was able to show that such a person could be limited to a few extremely simple basic actions without changing the final outcome of the computation. Then, by proving that no machine performing only those basic actions could determine whether or not a given proposed conclusion follows from given premises using Frege’s rules, he was able to conclude that no algorithm for the Entscheidungsproblem exists. As a byproduct, he found a mathematical model of an all-purpose computing machine. Next, Turing showed how a program could be stored inside a computer alongside the data upon which it operates. In today’s vocabulary, we’d say that he invented the “stored-program” architecture that underlies most modern computers: Before Turing, the general supposition was that in dealing with such machines the three categories — machine, program, and data — were entirely separate entities. The machine was a physical object; today we would call it hardware. The program was the plan for doing a computation, perhaps embodied in punched cards or connections of cables in a plugboard. Finally, the data was the numerical input. Turing’s universal machine showed that the distinctness of these three categories is an illusion. This was the first rigorous demonstration that any computing logic that could be encoded in hardware could also be encoded in software. The architecture Turing described was later dubbed the “Von Neumann architecture” — but modern historians generally agree it came from Turing, as, apparently, did Von Neumann himself.
“It’s a step in the right direction, I believe,” Elmes told us. “I’ve always said, and made comments like, Coquitlam Metro-Ford Wolves, why are they not able to find some way to be in a challenging environment to be part of that? So they’ve opened it up [with a view] to the Canadian Premier League set up.
If you want to watch Christos FC’s bid for a massive cup upset, you can find a stream for that match and most of the others at the excellent TheCupUS site, when confirmed.
As you progress through the game’s story, you will uncover many secrets of the world of Steel and its splintered pantheon of gods. The main plot and the web of subplots will deepen your understanding and appreciation for the rich world, and the forces of evil that threaten to overwhelm it. The courageous acts you will undertake in Heroes will become the core stories, myths and legends spread by humanity in future games within the trilogy of Steel. Taking inspiration from the pen and paper role-playing games developed by the Trese Brothers, you will find grim themes running through the storylines and a focus on human problems.
5. Ravi Shankar found Woodstock ‘terrifying’.
(I)f there is a bedrock principle underlying the First Amendment, it is that government may not prohibit the expression of an idea simply because society finds the idea offensive or disagreeable.
[7] The Muslim Brotherhood's document outlining their strategy in North America and analysis of the document can be found on the NEFA Foundation web site: http://www.nefafoundation.org/hlfdocs.html. See Exhibit GX 4-21 (last accessed February 26, 2009).
My second retirement revelation is the desire to stop letting money dictate my choices. No, I am not independently wealthy and don't expect a huge windfall in my lifetime but I also don't want the race for the paycheck to be the only consideration for the choices I make as I age. I am saving money for a future that may look different than today. Kathy at smartliving365 shows how "right sizing" your life can save you real dollars and allows you more freedom to pursue other interests. I found her discussion meaningful because Kathy and her husband not only cut expenses but in the process of right sizing was able to align their life more closely to their values. It was a win-win all around.
This morning, speaker Mike Archer argued that resurrecting extinct species is worth doing to "restore the balance of nature that we have upset.” This statement assumes that nature has some pristine state—an Eden containing an ideal balance of organisms. Over the years, ecologists have tried to find this balance and fit organisms and ecosystems into models. But, time and time again, they haven’t been able to fit ecosystems into neat, balanced pockets.
Conspiracy theory-fueled extremism has long been a reaction to progressive government in the United States. Half a century ago, historian Richard Hofstadter wrote that right-wing thought had come to be dominated by the belief that Communist agents had infiltrated all levels of American government and society. The right, he explained, had identified a “sustained conspiracy, running over more than a generation, and reaching its climax in Roosevelt’s New Deal, to undermine free capitalism, to bring the economy under the direction of the federal government, and to pave the way for socialism or communism.” In a 2009 report, the Southern Poverty Law Center found that the anti-government militia movement — which had risen to prominence during the Clinton administration and faded away during the Bush years — has returned. According to the SPLC, the anti-government resurgence has been buttressed by paranoid rhetoric from public officials like Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann and media figures like Fox News’ Glenn Beck. Just last month, Gregory Giusti pleaded guilty to repeatedly threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi — including threatening to destroy her California home — because he was “upset with her passing the health care law.” His mother told a local news station that he “frequently gets in with a group of people that have really radical ideas,” adding, “I’d say Fox News or all of those that are really radical, and he — that’s where he comes from.” After the 2008 election, Fox News personalities filled the airwaves with increasingly violent rhetoric and apocalyptic language. On his Fox News show, Beck talked about “put[ting] poison” in Pelosi’s wine.
JavaScript is a messy world. Mixed language paradigms, inconsistent languages features, lots of innovations toward different and sometimes opposite directions. It’s hard to get well with such an inconsistent programming language. However, it turned out people like to use it thanks to its successful ecosystem.
With this in mind, I began to reach out to some of the women I had spoken to earlier. At this stage, I had been able to identify over five women who had also had inappropriate encounters with Daudi. Only one woman was willing to come forward if the Board could guarantee that she would remain anonymous. Some of the other women had no evidence of their allegations and thus did not expect to be believed. Others did not want to be associated with something so potentially scandalous or to rehash past traumatic events. It therefore took about three more weeks to get my ducks in a row and submit the complaint to the board; I did that on 4th May 2017.
Viewed against this grim picture, I feel as if I got off lightly. And, in the larger spectrum of harassment that encompasses physical assault and even sexual assault, it is easy to dismiss what happened to me as trivial. Except that it is not. I’ve actually had people tell me “It was only words so it’s not a big deal — at least he didn’t rape you.” However, in my view, verbal harassment is not inconsequential; in addition to being traumatic, it is often the gateway to more grievous offences and thus should not be treated lightly or ignored.
I have two main bones of contention. The first is Daudi’s behaviour. Based on the additional allegations made via tweets and offline discussions that have occurred since the news of my complaint came to light on 9th July, it would not be a stretch to call Daudi’s alleged behaviour predatory. Such predation is enabled by a culture of silence and secrecy that encourages victims of harassment to “not make a fuss” or “persevere” or “just ignore him until he gets tired or bored and goes away.” This culture leads many, many victims to not call out predatory behaviour and report it as the violence it actually is. This culture feeds into the victims’ fears that there is no point in speaking out against the harassment they face and leads them to feel like they have no option but to suffer in silence. This must stop! We cannot expect victims of harassment to speak up if they are (rightly) afraid that public opprobrium will follow.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
Previous knowledge of similar allegations: Daudi has a long history of allegations of sexually harassing women from his days in the Kenya Blogger Webring (KBW), which was active in the mid to late 2000s. What is even more horrifying is that at least three of the Board members have known about Daudi’s alleged penchant for harassing women for a significant period of time. Juliana was an administrator at Kenya Unlimited as this was going on, while David Kobia was a co-founder and forum administrator at Mashada. Erik was also active online during this period and presumably was aware of these accusations. Even if he might not have heard of these allegations in the aughts, Erik Hersman was explicitly informed about allegations of sexual harassment against Daudi in late 2015 when a prominent Kenyan tech entrepreneur told him about them in November 2015. The allegations this time included sending unsolicited “dick pics” to women via DM on Twitter and making unwanted sexual advances to women within the Bishop Magua building (where Ushahidi, BRCK, GearBox and iHub were then located) and in the wider tech ecosystem. At this time Daudi was the acting Executive Director of Ushahidi Kenya. Despite all this knowledge, the Ushahidi Board made Daudi’s Executive Director position permanent in January 2016. Furthermore, even when presented with unequivocal proof of gross misconduct, as I did when I made my complaint on May 4th 2017, the board had to be subjected to intense public pressure before they did anything meaningful. For over nine weeks after I lodged this complaint, Daudi continued to act in his capacity as Executive Director: he participated in project meetings, strategy sessions and even international travel as the face of the organisation, including attending the 2017 Advancing Good Governance seminar and the 6th Annual Luxembourg Peace Prize Awards. He was only sent on compulsory leave on the same day that Quartz Africa ran a story (12th July). All through this ‘investigation’, the Board has bent over backwards to accommodate the requests of Daudi and his lawyer. Initially, they asked for the same level of procedure as a criminal court (e.g. witness lists and sworn statements) without having the authority to do so. Later, they turned around and insisted that it was an internal investigation and thus should exclude evidence from sources outside the company. The Board acceded to Daudi’s lawyer’s demands, apparently because they were afraid of a wrongful termination suit being filed by Daudi. This is at best disingenuous and at worst malicious. A company with the ethos Ushahidi purports to have should not shy away from doing what is right for fear of a lawsuit. Besides, had Daudi sued Ushahidi, he’d have effectively turned a private matter public as he would have had to declare why he was terminated. Court documents in Kenya are public documents: having my complaint and particularly that audio recording in the public domain logically went directly against his own best interests. Daudi’s explanation for the events of the evening was that he lost an earpiece of his hearing aid and Erik, as well as the Aberdare staff, were helping him look for it. I then allegedly joined them without invitation and refused to leave him so all his statements were made in an effort to get rid of me. However, at the time of our conversation, Erik had already retired to bed for the night. This can be attested to by any of the Ushahidi Team Members who were still at the bonfire. During the hearing, Erik did not correct Daudi on this point and in so doing, indirectly corroborated that untruth. Even if Erik had been awake, the fact that he was called upon as part of Daudi’s “alibi” should have clearly demonstrated his lack of independence. Erik should not have been a part of the panel that the Board constituted to investigate and make a decision. One cannot be a witness and judge in the same case! To date, Daudi still has his job: From the board’s latest update, Daudi has only been suspended. It is entirely possible that he may be reinstated in the company. This is despite the Board possessing audio evidence of him sexually harassing his junior as well as allegations from a plurality of victims which relate to multiple occurrences. Even with this, it still took public pressure for the Board to first send him on leave then suspend him. This is unacceptable. How are victims supposed to come forward if this is how a company with the reputation of Ushahidi handles these incidences?
“These guys want instant success,” said Mr. Cole, a member of the House Republican leadership. “If they want to see a better result, they’ve got to help us win the United States Senate. We’ve thrown away some seats out of political immaturity.”
“A lot of people gave their heart and soul to trying to get Obama out; they’re frustrated,” he added. “They don’t know what to do. They got involved with the electoral process, and that didn’t work out.”
“Metal Gear Solid V has received collectively over 60 industry accolades and awards thus far,” says Konami president Tomotada Tashiro in a statement. “The Definitive Experience will give players an opportunity to play the complete MGSV experience, without interruption. Additionally, with Metal Gear Online, players also get access to a completely unique multi-player setting that is designed for a truly engrossing gaming experience as well.”
The McCain campaign, which does not feel McCain gets equal treatment in the U.S. news media, expressed dismay at the Times’ decision and suspected it was because the Times did not agree with McCain’s policy.
In some cases, photos deleted in 2009 were still on Facebook servers in 2012. In February, Facebook explained to Cheng "[w]e have been working hard to move our photo storage to newer systems which do ensure photos are fully deleted." Now, Cheng is happy to report that she has "tested this with two photos while saving their direct URLs, and both photos became inaccessible within two days of deletion." Her readers got similar results.
Perhaps what this tells us several months later is that Facebook wanted to get serious about privacy -- including making sure that unwanted photos weren't being stored after users tried to delete them -- as it hurtled toward its initial public offering in May. As a publicly traded company, it's reasonable to expect Facebook to be more sensitive to privacy concerns.
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
“It’s really hard to comply with these regulations because they are so particular and, in some cases, they just don’t seem to make a lot of sense,” he said. “If you’re a business trying to get medicine to your patients… some of these regulations are very expensive to comply with.”
“The other area that has seen a lot of regulatory scrutiny is testing because they want to make sure that if people are consuming this as medicine—or even recreationally—they’re given a safe product,” he continued. “Where it gets dangerous is when people concentrate that product into a liquid, an oil. You’re raising the concentration of everything. So if there are bad chemicals in there, they get much more concentrated and it could be a danger to people. So I think we’ll be seeing even more regulations there.”
Oh, space. You're so hard to explore. Sometimes you bombard spacecrafts with hurtling rocks and deadly cosmic rays, and other times you're so empty you don't give astronauts a darn thing to hold on to. But while scientists haven't quite figured out how to keep radiation at bay, the scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory—specifically, its Planetary Robotics Laboratory—are building machines that can get a grip on the most difficult surfaces astronauts will find out there.
And that's not just a problem in microgravity. Low gravity environments, like asteroids or comets, can be uncooperative too. (Just ask the European Space Agency's Philae lander.) "If you got out there and wanted to do some sort of sampling and just started drilling, you’re more likely to spin about the drill bit than the drill bit into the surface," Karras says.
He said in-line inspection tools have not detected any holidays, but the delamination areas were discovered by visual inspection last year. "We're not certain what is causing the delamination" but they hope to figure that out. This year, Enbridge plans to hydrostatic test the original pipeline pressure used in 1953 when the line was installed to demonstrate the lines are as "good as they were when they were brand new." The maximum pressure allowed on the line is 600 pounds-per-square-inch and Baraniecki said the company will test the line at double that level. As part of the biota survey, divers will look at delamination areas and "if there are holidays, we will assess whether we need to do any repairs." Baraniecki said the purpose of the outer layers is to protect the pipe during construction and to prevent abrasion from soil or sediment during the line's lifespan, so it being compromised shouldn't diminish the coating system. "The outer wrap is not something we'd typically repair." That statement got the attention of Michigan State Police Captain Chris Kelenske, the state's emergency management coordinator. "If the outer wrap was necessary when it was put in, why would we not repair it, regardless of whatever the testing is?" he asked. Brad Shamla, Enbridge vice president of U.S. operations, jumped in. "We don't believe that going in and doing a repair is going to change the corrosion protections at all, but it's certainly something to look at," Shamla said, adding that the delamination spots amounted to "less than 0.1 percent of the system." Kelenske replied that, "from where I sit, any percent above zero is not good."
JACKIE: My Shu Uemura Eyelash Curlers, £19.50 (020 240 7635). I also get through lots of disposable mascara wands - £6.25 for a set of nine (thepromakeupshop.com).
Professional tools: Invest in a set of brushes to get that flawless finish
What’s the best way to apply foundation to get a smooth, even coverage?
How can you get a lovely, healthy glow using bronzer without looking unnatural?
GUCCI: For mature skin, the more cream textures you can use, the better. Avoid powders as much as possible. It's easy to get a natural look with blusher - it's all in the blending.
Can you define your mouth and get long-lasting colour that doesn't look too fake?
JACKIE: Colour is best applied sparingly over the top of a good lip primer to fill in fine lines around the lip line. Blend gently with the ring finger. When buying lipstick, get exactly the same colour lip liner.
(In a 17-day stretch starting Feb. 19), ours is Indiana here, at Ohio State, at Michigan and Wisconsin here. That's concentrated. If you threw something in there, like Penn State, then you at least have some breathing room. You have to get up for every game. That's harder than the NCAA tournament. In the NCAA tournament, there's more space in between. We just came off three games in six days. When you're traveling and going to school, that's hard. When everybody tries to compare these conferences, there is no comparison. I've been in this 30 years. There's no comparison to what the top teams in our league are going through.
He is rare. You know what happens with rare guys? You go to Final Fours. … That was another Jud (Heathcote) line when we won the national championship. He calls me four days later, and he always tells me I work too much. … He says, 'Take some time off. You better enjoy this.' I said, 'Yeah, I'll enjoy it.' He says, 'You really better enjoy it.' He says, 'You don't understand, this comes around every 20 years.' I say, 'Oh, I have to wait 20 more years to get to a Final Four, this or that?' Nope, he says, having that kind of leader. It was Magic (Johnson). It was Mateen (Cleaves). ... Thirteen years later, Draymond came around, and he's not far off.
That is the same thinking that got Europe into such deep trouble—the idea that one must welcome hordes of diversity in order to, what? still have enough people to buy cars or rent apartments, or require teachers—to fuel the economy. And, they pretty much say it in this article at a small town newspaper in Maine, to wipe our old white butts in nursing homes!
But, it isn’t me saying this, it is an immigration lawyer whose livelihood depends on more immigration just as a used car salesman looking for refugees to sell to (not disparaging used car salesmen!) does, or a nursing home owner who is trying to get workers at the cheapest hourly wage he can get!
Why is that Leftwingers are always pushing for more population growth (to fuel the economy) when they must know that growth of that sort will necessarily bring some degradation of the environment—more cars, more roads, more houses, more school construction, less open space, etc? I don’t get it! If there is some Open Borders Leftwinger who would like to explain it to me and our readers, I would very much welcome a guest column.
DRAFT.com – New players get a FREE entry into a draft when you make your first deposit! Use promo code DOUG and play a real money game for FREE!
"So like it or not, I don't see how you get a deal done that doesn't include the wall, because that's been a major priority of this president," Spicer said. "When you see what the final product is, I guarantee it's going to be on Donald Trump's terms."
The Italian port city of Genoa has taken pride in its famed pesto sauce to new heights by granting special airport waivers for those who can’t get enough of the basil and pine nut pasta sauce.
The airport said this week that €500 had been raised in the first 20 days of the initiative, which was inspired by the anguish of so many foodies having their pesto confiscated when trying to get through security.
“UPDATE: holy shit! maybe the support was more than i anticipated!!” he exclaimed. “[J]ust got a call from the city attorney personally here in Boulder telling me that he has ordered the police to NOT cite rock balancing under the city codes [I] mentioned below!!!”
We like to think that we’re the dominant creatures on the planet, so mobile robots should look like us. But the fact is, they shouldn’t. We can’t fly, we’re not very good swimmers, we can’t live in a vacuum and if we want to travel more than a mile, most of us will get on some type of wheeled vehicles. Bipedal locomotion has served us well but it is limited and requires a huge amount of brain power and years of learning to perfect. The computer versions of our brain are nowhere near our level and are unlikely to be so for decades to come. After nearly 100 years of development, our most advanced humanoid robots can only just open a door without falling over (too often).
I now want to fly off on my holidays. I quite happily get on the plane and see the two pilots in the cockpit. When I land, they’re still there and I think what a great job they did. More than likely though, the pilots didn’t actually fly the plane. They will have inputted commands to the autopilot and the computer will have flown the plane. The plane, for all intents and purposes, is a robot with human supervisors to take over if anything goes drastically wrong, just like a driverless car.
He said: "It was right in the middle of where everyone waits to get on their planes. We were told not to step on any blood or bags because it was evidence."
Passenger Sarah Richardson said: "We heard a lot of loud gunshots. My colleague threw me to the ground and we were scrambling. Somebody told us to make a run for it. We got into a room and they pulled a coffee machine in front of the door. We could hear gunshots outside.
"It looked like it was straight out of the movies," he said. The agent told him "I got shot, I'm fine," adding that he had been shot before.
Mythbusters presenter Tory Belleci told CNN: "People were running towards me screaming 'There's a shooter, there's a shooter.' I heard the shots. Everybody was jumping over each other and trying to stay low. It was blowing my mind how he could get a weapon that far into the airport."
hjenten-heynawl (Harry Enten, senior political writer): I don’t think it would be particularly helpful to Clinton. Forget about all the BS about whether Clinton runs better when she’s in trouble. Personally, I never got that. If she were so good at running when she was in trouble, then why did she lose in 2008?
micah: OK, so let’s say Biden gets in. The night before he announces, he’s sitting with his family and some advisers and they’re talking about why they can beat Clinton (based on everything they hear during these weeks of meetings). What are they saying? Does it all come down to email/scandal? Or would they be pointing to something else in the Clinton campaign or electorate? (I want data.)
hjenten-heynawl: Remember when there was talk about whether Chris Christie would get into the 2012 race? Or whether Fred Thompson would get into the 2008 race? Or Wesley Clark into the 2004 race? Those guys were tied or leading in the primary polling at the time. Biden’s best percentage so far has been 18 percent. He’s down nearly 30 percentage points to Clinton. Clinton is still in a ridiculously strong position.
micah: OK, let’s say Biden gets in. How does he win? Does he come in guns blazing on email and trustworthiness? Does he claim the Obama mantle?
hjenten-heynawl: I think he continues on the path it was on. He’ll continue to get white liberals and that’s about it. I guess you could argue one way or another whether this slightly boosts his odds, but I think it doesn’t help him. If anything it could steal attention away from him as the anti-Clinton.
I began dreaming of acting as a little girl, watching Japanese cartoons. I fell in love with the voices. Later I got into radio and then into dubbing - and I love it. After I spoke Kirsten Dunst's lines in Spider-Man, they asked me to do Mona Lisa Smile, Wimbledon, and others. She's a favourite in my stable of characters now, and I'm so pleased things are going well for her in Hollywood. I don't imitate the actor, I get into the personality of the role. I focus on the gestures and reflect that in my voice, even if there was no sound in the original. I add to the drama because to dub well you have to be as good an actor, or better. They paid me 10,000 pesos (£500) for Mary Jane in Spider-Man. The problem is that distributors don't put us in the credits. Suppose Kirsten Dunst thought, "Gosh, how nice I sound in Spanish." She wouldn't have known who the voice belonged to.
Sometimes my home phone will ring and when I say "hello" there will be a sharp intake of breath at the other end. I know immediately it's a dubbing fan who has got hold of my number. Once a woman rang me and started gasping. Then after a silence, she said: "Sorry, I'm just so emotional at hearing you, I can't speak, I'll have to call back."
There are people in Paris who keep scrapbooks on dubbing, who collect signed photos, who know what you've dubbed despite your name rarely appearing on the credits. I respect people's reasons for wanting to contact me, but I don't send out photos. People feel they know the voice and they want to know you. A voice is a very moving thing. Dubbing is taken seriously in France, and people get very upset if an actor who has dubbed a star for a long time suddenly changes. Audiences want continuity.
I get invited on to TV shows to discuss dubbing - people are interested in the process. I have been Angelina Jolie since Tomb Raider because I was the voice of Lara Croft in the video games. I thought Jolie was very good in Mr and Mrs Smith - you could tell she and Brad Pitt were having a good time making that film. I don't seek out information on her in the celebrity mags, or follow her life at all, but I get on very well with the French actor who dubs Brad Pitt - a well-known actor in his own right. I'm also Gong Li, Sandra Bullock, Patricia Arquette and the voice of Mary Alice in Desperate Housewives.
The key to this profession is obsession with detail. To get the same effects as in the original, I try, as far as I can, to imitate the actor's movements as I say her lines. Anyone who saw me working would think I was nuts. I lay down on the floor for the bedroom scenes in the Bridget Jones films. At the end of one of them, there's a scene in which Bridget is badly out of breath.
But my real dream is to become a tenor. Luciano Pavarotti is my idol and I haven't given up trying to get a role in a musical. I have a good voice, dancing skills, and acting experience. I just need a chance.
I guess I was chosen to voice the Tom Cruise role in Mission: Impossible III because my age and physique are similar to his. Some people say I even look like him from a certain angle. It was a tough job. While Atang [the Cantonese nickname for Tom Cruise] had months to make the film, I had to do the whole thing - from learning the script to dubbing all the lines - in four days. We always have to rush because of the piracy problem in China. If we don't get the translation and dubbing done quickly, an unauthorised version will be out on the streets before ours.
Every day I worked for at least 12 hours. I studied Atang's voice and tried to imitate his style of talking. It was an action movie, so there was lots of running about and shouting, which was hard to emulate in a studio. It was very intense and I had to cover a big range of emotions. In the fighting scenes, it was all "Get down, get down! Go, go!" Then there were romantic moments when his voice breaks up as he tells his wife how much he loves her. I had to watch the original English version time and time again to get the feeling right.
I don't often get recognised as being the voice of Julia Roberts. I think women's voices are much harder to identify than men's. But being Julia has definitely brought work my way. Some adverts want the sound of "Julia Roberts" and I have also done Charlotte's Web because it was originally Julia who did the voiceover.
When I come in to record I generally haven't seen the film I'm going to dub. It used to be different: we used to get the videos to take home beforehand. But these days they are amazingly strict about new releases. When I did a voice for Star Wars, I wasn't even told in advance what film we were doing - just to turn up.
It is hardest with black actors like Eddie Murphy and Will Smith. They are not only very funny but they speak very, very fast. Trying to street talk quickly in Hindi is extremely tough. After two days your mouth gets really tired.
During the primaries, Sen. Marco Rubio was the first to pick up on it: "I don't understand why his hands are the size of someone who is 5-foot-2," Rubio said during his brief insult comic phase: "And you know what they say about men with small hands? You can't trust them." (That isn't actually what they say about men with small hands, but we'll get to that in a minute.)
Before we get any further into the saga of Trump's hands, here's one important note: It is not at all clear that Trump's fingers are, in fact, unusually short. But what matters is that Trump himself seems to believe short-fingeredness is a terrible accusation that must be refuted.
If you're looking to crowdfund your Raspberry Pi project maybe you can learn what didn't go right for these projects. Here is a list of hardware projects that didn't get funded. This list was pulled from the two top crowdfunding sites Indiegogo and Kickstarter . This isn't all of the projects that I had found but some of the more interesting ones.*Note items in the list may have been re-listed later and funded. Some projects may have been ahead of their time as the Pi wasn't popular enough.
In September, economists at UBS Investment Research tried to tally up the costs of seceding from the euro. If a “weak” country like Greece tried to leave the euro, it would almost certainly have to default on its national debt, watch its domestic banking system collapse — every halfway-sentient depositor would rush to withdraw euros before they got converted to new, less-valuable drachmas — and the country would get rocked by big trade disruptions and unrest. UBS estimates that a “weak” country like Greece or Ireland leaving the euro would take a hit of up to 50 percent of its GDP in the first year alone, and then a 15 percent hit per year for the next few years. That’s a crushing blow.
I do not want to jeopardize the relationship—I know sex isn’t everything but I don’t feel the intimacy with her. She says that I always want instant gratification that I get from sex and I always want it when I want it, which is not true. It seems that she only wants sex when she’s drunk or when she feels like it. Please help. I don’t know what else to do.
I want to start, though, by commending you for not calling this lesbian bed death. I feel like that term gets bandied about a lot and it implies that a difference in libido is somehow a lesbian-specific phenomenon. It’s not. Any couple, no matter how they identify, can face this issue.
Before everyone gets on my case for using an idea that Dan Savage popularized, let me be clear. Dan Savage has said some VERY problematic things in his career, as many have. But he has helped normalize talking about sex and has contributed to the culture of being open and honest about our wants and needs. And this particular idea of his, despite so many problems with his other ideas, is a real winner.
You can apply this idea to sex as well. I’ll give you another example from my own life: I cannot keep my mouth shut during sex. I dunno, I just let forth a torrent of filthy talk every time I get naked. That’s the price of admission for me—I don’t necessarily need someone to reciprocate it, I just need someone who’s okay with me doing that. Because I like it and I really don’t want to not do it.
It could be you’re both thinking you’ve got a huge libido gap because you’re both defining sex as acts totally on the opposite sides of your circles, but actually there are certain things you’re both into doing together that fall smack in the middle and are totally still sex acts. The only way to find out about that is to talk about it. For a more complete list of sex acts to peruse, I recommend this list on Scarleteen (yes, yes, I know, I am always talking about it, but that’s because the yes/no/maybe list is so good!) or this (admittedly a bit cheesy) interactive sex questionnaire. Your libido gap may not be as large as you think, you might just be looking in the wrong place on the diagram.
Another valid way of addressing a libido gap is to consider sleeping with other people. If you’re both into it and you want to keep the non-sexual parts of your relationship going, you can always negotiate a less traditional relationship structure. You know, one that allows you to take your yayas outside the two of you and get your rocks off with someone else. Or many someone elses.
Or! Maybe she finds that her libido increases when she gets her yayas yaya-ed by someone else and you are also bumping hoo-has with another human and then you come together for a sextravaganza. Some couples find that INCREDIBLY SEXY!
Well, not always. You’ve got to eat, sleep and go to work. But yeah, masturbation is included in every You Need Help I answer because it’s important. And in this case, it can be an important tool for filling the libido gap with some spectacular orgasms. It can also be a sex initiator—many people get turned on when their partner starts touching themselves, and not wanting sex can turn into wanting sex totally organically.
Which brings me to my last point. Sometimes a libido gap isn’t a libido gap. It’s just a gap, plain and simple. An everything gap. And that gap can be too big to bridge. We need to reframe breaking up in our community—everyone talks about it like the worst thing that could happen to a relationship. It can actually be the best thing. It means both of you get to be honest about what you’re truly feeling, instead of keeping up a charade and wasting time y’all could be out courting people who are fulfilling your needs. It could mean that you remain friends because you haven’t ventured into the place where your relationship (not the romantic kind) is irreparable. It could mean that you never speak to each other again, and that’s okay too! But whatever the case, we don’t have to look at it as a thing that has to get ugly. Or a moment that has to be entirely sad. Endings are beginnings too, and I recommend you end this era and begin something new and different.
The UN wants America to get rid of the 1st Amendment rights of free speech and assembly to address white supremacy, which is only an issue with hysterical liberals. I guess they don’t quite get how freedom works or that unpopular speech is exactly the kind of speech that the 1st Amendment protects.
Weirder and deadlier still are the Swarm elites, especially the prancing Snatchers - they'll actually ingest you if they get the chance, carrying the hapless victim around in their bellies till blasted into submission. Carriers are the Swarm's artillery, their enormous torsos cracking open to release a cloud of toxic spores as they stomp slowly into melee range, and then there are the Pouncers, catlike, dart-tossing fiends with soft pink bellies that hop from surface to surface. As the name implies, Pouncers may try to pin you, but if you're alert to the warning signs you can usually catch the descending beast on the blade of a Lancer.
Beyond the campaign, Gears 4 offers up a brace of familiar modes - Warzone, TDM, King of the Hill, and Guardian - plus the already discussed Dodgeball, a co-op bots mode and Arms Race, a team-based version of the Gun Game mod for Counter-Strike. In the latter, all team members get a different weapon after every third kill, which good news in that a struggling player won't be left behind, and less good news in that allies may accidentally sabotage each other. Finding that your Gnasher has become a Longshot after cornering an opponent is every bit as exhilarating as you'd imagine.
I saw two people lying over him and I thought they were trying to resuscitate him. I went down to the garage and another bloke come along and told me they were actually stabbing him. Apparently they actually ran the car into him and knocked him down before they did anything. And the next minute a silver car came along and a man got out and shouted he was going to phone the police. The next thing that happened was he actually pulled a handgun out. It was a gun that looked as if it could take about 12, 15 rounds so I definitely know it was handgun because I actually seen it in his hand.
"We didn't hear any negative comments about Michael and I. A lot of people would come up to us (especially the girls) and say, 'You both are so cute!' or 'You guys look great!' Once we left the prom, I remember Michael saying to me in the car, 'Logan, this is our last prom and I'm so glad I got to spend it with you.' I couldn't have asked for a more perfect night."
Michael and Logan get ready for the night
"When I told Sigmund [the family dog] to leave his warm seat and go to bed, he flattened his ears and slowly turned his head toward me. He deliberately braced himself by placing one paw on the edge of the furry lid, then hunched his shoulders, raised his lips to reveal the molars on both sides, and uttered his most threatening growl. That was Siggie's way of saying. "Get lost!" "I had seen this defiant mood before, and knew there was only one way to deal with it. The ONLY way to make Siggie obey is to threaten him with destruction. Nothing else works. I turned and went to my closet and got a small belt to help me 'reason' with Mr. Freud." . . . "What developed next is impossible to describe. That tiny dog and I had the most vicious fight ever staged between man and beast. I fought him up one wall and down the other, with both of us scratching and clawing and growling and swinging the belt. I am embarrassed by the memory of the entire scene. Inch by inch I moved him toward the family room and his bed. As a final desperate maneuver, Siggie backed into the corner for one last snarling stand. I eventually got him to bed, only because I outweighed him 200 to 12!" ... "But this is not a book about the discipline of dogs; there is an important moral to my story that is highly relevant to the world of children. JUST AS SURELY AS A DOG WILL OCCASIONALLY CHALLENGE THE AUTHORITY OF HIS LEADERS, SO WILL A LITTLE CHILD -- ONLY MORE SO." "[I]t is possible to create a fussy, demanding baby by rushing to pick him up every time he utters a whimper or sigh. Infants are fully capable of learning to manipulate their parents through a process called reinforcement, whereby any behavior that produces a pleasant result will tend to recur. Thus, a healthy baby can keep his mother hopping around his nursery twelve hours a day (or night) by simply forcing air past his sandpaper larynx."
On p.61 Dobson says to spank a 6 year old for calling his parents "hot dog" or "moose" and on p.63 Dobson says to spank a 7 year old for lying. . . . On p. 135 Dobson is asked this question: "Q: How long do you think a child should be allowed to cry after being punished or spanked? Is there a limit? A: Yes, I believe there should be a limit. As long as the tears represent a genuine release of emotion, they should be permitted to fall. But crying can quickly change from inner sobbing to an expression of protest aimed at punishing the enemy. Real crying usually lasts two minutes or less but may continue for five. After that point, the child is merely complaining, and the change can be recognized in the tone and intensity of his voice. I would require him to stop the protest crying, usually by offering him a little more of whatever caused the original tears." On p.136 Dobson recommends using a switch or paddle to beat children. (link above) On p.137 Dobson says "The spanking may be too gentle. If it doesn't hurt, it doesn't motivate a child to avoid the consequence next time. A slap with the hand on the bottom of a diapered two-year-old is not a deterrent to anything. Be sure the child gets the message."
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
Naturally, this couldn’t last. Chelsea spent three seasons as the flashpoint of English soccer — the club with the most money, the deepest and most talented squad, the most flamboyant coach, and by far the most controversial headlines. At some point, though, the rest of soccer started to catch up. More billionaires bought into the game. Some of them, like Sheikh Mansour at Manchester City, were even richer than Abramovich. Other clubs got better at exploiting global finance, sponsorship, and the weird pathways of 21st-century commerce (cf. Real Madrid’s plan to build a $1 billion resort island in the United Arab Emirates, which reads like something Jerry Jones dreamed up on a particularly sweaty peyote trip). UEFA passed Financial Fair Play, a set of rules that should/might/could possibly curtail runaway sugar-daddying in European soccer.
Polygon has reached out to Nintendo to ask if the special edition boxes will also be available in North America and will update when we hear back. Maybe don’t get your hopes up, however — similar retail releases for the 3DS Virtual Console ports of Pokémon Red and Green last year didn’t make it stateside.
"It's Australia Day," he said. "We're not a bunch of tossers, let's get it right."
"He opened the '56 Olympics, he's got a very long relationship through the Duke of Edinburgh Awards scheme."
Speaking of Kickstarters, somebody asked me what kinds of KSs I have backed and what compels me to back them. Which was a very different sort of question than I usually get asked, so thanks! So, for me, I’ll back if the project is for a property I’m interested in, or if the KS is for something that couldn’t get made any other way. Sometimes those two coincide.
So, I just got in the giant, and I mean in dimensions, Judges’ Guild book by Goodman Games that reprints a mess o’ JG material at that “tabloid” size they published in back when I started out with D&D, and I just received my Unknown Armies books, from Atlas Games, that I backed because amazingly I never had a UA book in my game collection.
We want any of you who are considering sending some samples to Mirthful Mike to know that you have just as good a chance to get work with us, and to continue to work with us, as any other artist, regardless of gender, race, creed, or anything about the person you are. We’re interested in awesome illustrations, and if you can do that, and deliver them on deadline, then that’s what matters to us.
There are other ways to phrase this, and other ways to try and get more diversity into this thing of ours. This is what we are doing right now, and how we are phrasing it.
Lawyers said the special counsel may have been motivated to use a search warrant over concerns that evidence might be concealed or destroyed, which sometimes happens in terrorism and drug trafficking cases. Or, they said, Mueller may have been moving quickly amid a series of existential threats. In recent weeks, President Trump has blasted the Russia investigation as a "witch hunt" and flirted with the idea of firing Justice Department leaders as a roundabout way to get rid of Mueller himself.
Andres so got under the skin of the mobsters that one later testified he had been targeted for a "hit."
Let’s get to the answer then. It is not rocket science, nor does it require expertise in human psychology. Rather, it is quite simple. There is an external factor, and an internal factor, and when these two factors are coupled together, the result is fertile breeding ground for extremist ideas.
The point that I am stressing here is that a more nuanced and pragmatic reading of the Quran can also just as easily be done “ but it takes more wisdom, foresight and moral courage than many of these testosterone-filled youth are willing to undertake (and for the record, I firmly believe that one of the best ways to de-radicalize these young men is to help them get married early and encourage them to have kids, and I mean this in all seriousness).
Because of how Kickstarter works, if we don't reach our goal of $30k, we won't get to keep any of the money. We can't do this without you! Here's how you can help us...
But it is not so simple. The final weeks in a war zone are often the most dangerous, as weary troops get sloppy or unfocused. Once they arrive home, alcohol abuse , traffic accidents and other measures of mayhem typically rise as they blow off steam.
As the plane approached New York, he was thinking about his next big challenge. His fiancée was pregnant, and he was so excited by the prospect that he planned to buy baby furniture and diapers as soon as he got home. More than ever, he thought he should get out of the Army and try college.
The deployment had clearly been hard on his wife and made him almost a stranger to his 18-month-old son. “I got to work my way back into his life again,” he said.
“Once you get stuck into that environment,” he said of deployment, “and you do it every day, it’s very, very hard coming back to the states and living a normal life. I’m just having a real hard time dealing with it.”
In the weeks after the battalion got home, Captain Bonenberger, 33, moved into an apartment with two fellow captains and considered his future. Should he accept a teaching position at West Point or get out of the Army?
A single father, Sergeant Eisch was also trying to get his sons reacquainted with Fort Drum. They had spent the first half of his deployment in Wisconsin with their uncle. Now back home, Joey, 8, was dodging homework, and Isaac, 12, was having nightmares about bad things happening to his father.
“I explained to him, that’s just your body,” said Sergeant Eisch, who was having his own recurring nightmares. “Your body is just trying to get rid of stress.”
“We're no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on those programs, but by the number of people we help get off of those programs,” White House Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said Tuesday.
"I got some sweets, me and Kevin, and it was so packed. The next thing there's two guys on their knees in front of me and I felt someone pull my overcoat.
"I thought 'what are you doing?'. The next thing he's got my keys on the floor.
An eight-month-long political battle, begun by refugees and the Committee, has included various demonstrations and temporary blockades of public offices in order to get legal permanent residency (Residenza) for the refugees. Permanent residency grants access to all social and health services, and (for children) to school. It is necessary to renew the Permesso di soggiorno (permission to stay) which all refugees require in order to stay in Italy. It allow refugees to have a driving licence and legal job contracts. At long last, the Turin municipality granted all refugees permanent residency which gives them access to public healthcare and allows them to sign up with the employment agency. It does not, though, grant access to social services (which is discriminatory, according to Italian legislation).
The solution offered by the local government is quite clear: get millions of euros from national government, perform the eviction by any means, give the money to a well known association already handling refugee projects, give the association some breathing space with the funds, let the projects run for three to 12 months and then, once the money has run out and the story is no longer newsworthy, kick the refugees out again.
"American officials are hoping to expand the coalition against ISIS to include as many countries as possible, particularly in the region. Obama administration officials said privately that in addition to the countries that attended the meeting Friday morning, the United States was hoping to get quiet intelligence help about the Sunni militants from Jordan, whose leader, King Abdullah, was participating in the NATO summit. "United States officials said they also expected Saudi Arabia to provide money and aid for moderate Syrian rebel groups. Yousef al-Otaiba, the ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to the United States, said in a statement earlier this week that the United Arab Emirates stood ready to join the fight against ISIS. 'No one has more at stake than the U.A.E. and other moderate countries in the region that have rejected the regressive Islamist creed and embraced a different, forward-looking path,' the ambassador said. The Emiratis, he said, are 'ready to join the international community in an urgent, coordinated and sustained effort to confront a threat that will, if unchecked, have global ramifications for decades to come.' "
King County's operating budget has gone up 32 percent during the decade, while its general fund revenues have increased 41 percent. The state's operating budget increased by about 53 percent in 10 years while its revenues rose by about 50 percent. The money the city gets from taxes, fees and other sources to pay for day-to-day services has gone up 67 percent over the past decade .
Last month McGinn and a coalition of city unions announced they'd tentatively agreed to forgo automatic 2 percent cost-of-living raises in future years. Previously, unions got at least a 2 percent annual bump, regardless of inflation.
If you asked most people about foods that are "good" or "bad" for you, you'd get a dozen different answers. You'd find people who vehemently argue that eggs are both good or bad for you, that sodium does and doesn't contribute to hypertension, or that carbs do or don't make you sick. In general, you'll find a lot of laypeople with opinions that may or may not be based in real science. Researchers however, generally have some pretty solid opinions on these issues, and are quick to note where their own shortcomings are.
So where's the disconnect? In this post, we'll look at where the breakdown happens, who's to blame, and what you can do about it all. We sat down with a number of our own experts to get their input. It's going to be a bumpy ride, so let's get started.
Selling health is only half of the job. The other half is undermining public trust in science-based medicine and traditional authorities (although they carry blame too—we'll get to that in a moment) so they can swoop in to the rescue. Andy Bellatti, registered dietitian and frequent Lifehacker contributor, explains:
It's not just companies that do this though. Individuals with a message to sell also do it. Skwarecki's article, Why It's So Easy to Believe Our Food is Toxic, is an exceptional case study in this. She explains how "experts" take good premises—like the need to take your health in your own hands and be critical of the things you eat and buy—and go off the rails when the sales pitch gets involved. She calls out nutrition gurus and health "experts" you've likely seen reposted on Facebook, like Vani Hari (aka The Food Babe,) and Joseph Mercola, among others, who thrive on obfuscating nutrition so much that the only clear thing they do suggest is that you should buy their books, sponsored foods, and DVDs.
The other reason there is confusion? Because there really ARE old beliefs that were held as true that are being corrected. Saturated fat is a subject with genuine controversy. Experts have not come to a consensus, but decades of public-health messages are in the process of being potentially overturned. When you hold to something as a foundation (Of course fat is bad for you! Of course stretching prevents injury!) and that belief gets challenged, you're tempted to give up on everything. It's a very reasonable thing to do: My facts were wrong, I need to reevaluate all my facts.
Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think "Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That's much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can't even pronounce." Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child's play. ... It's easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don't agree with everything Michael Pollen says, his message is generally on point: "nutritionism" is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what's healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It's important to get nutrients, but it's wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner.
You could ask your doctor, or a nutritionist—but Patel explained that's not always the best route. Most physicians get minimal nutrition training during medical school. A "nutritionist" could be anyone with a range of certifications, some of which can be earned in months without any real science study or knowledge. Even some registered dietitians (RDs) can unflinchingly toe the official government line just because it's easy and the closest thing we have to an evidence-backed recommendation, even though it's far from perfect.
It's best to learn a bit of basic nutrition science (like from a free online course or book—online courses from Udemy, Khan, MIT, etc), and then get to finding people who seem logical to discuss things with. These people can be at a local meetup, they could be a doctor or an alternative medicine practitioner or a dietician. Do not rely on Mayo Clinic, WebMD, etc. They are very conservative and go with whatever the government says for the most part. People who like food, who like cooking in particular, often eat healthy even if they don't know everything about nutrition. This is because eating plants and animals is probably the healthiest diet, rather than eating mostly packaged foods comprised of some type of flour, some type of vegetable oil, and a long list of other ingredients.
Image copyright PA Image caption The government wants to get net migration below 100,000 a year
He said: "[Mr] Barroso is only the latest person from Europe to tell us we will never get what we want."
It took a conscious effort on my part to learn about pit bulls when a roommate decided to get not one but two! These dogs ended up being the kindest, most well-behaved dogs I’ve ever been around. My roommate also had a
"My first priority is to protect students," DeVos said. "Fraud, especially fraud committed by a school, is simply unacceptable. Unfortunately, last year's rulemaking effort missed an opportunity to get it right."
The minutes of the secret committee, known only as MISC 379, observed: ‘It would be embarrassing to the government if the public got the impression that deep shelters were being constructed. Either the public would think that the government were out to protect their own skins and those of their immediate servants; or the public would assume that the shelters were intended for public use in time of war and would be disappointed when they found they were not.
Word of these tunnels systematically disappeared from the public eye. Then, incredibly, in 1980 the ever-tenacious Campbell – equipped with a bicycle and a camera - gained access to them and explored the entirety of the system. He published his explorations, including photos, in the New Statesman. The GPO suggested the explorations were fake and that the photos of the tunnels had been made in a studio - which obviously wasn’t the case because Campbell relayed access details for the tunnels which, 30 years later, got us in.
Being an urban explorer has been a wonderful lesson in geography. I’ve learned about how people build relationships to places; how space is surveilled, controlled and regulated; how the city is built to not just influence our behaviour but to actually condition the way we think about what is ethical, right and even possible. Although it was chasing the story of urban exploration that got me involved in the first instance, it is the way urban exploration makes boundaries visible and keeps me sharp, paying attention to everything and continually calling me to action, which holds my interest as a researcher.
Director Will Allen joined the group just after graduating from film school and eventually became its unofficial documentarian. As he got more deeply involved, he began filming his experiences as the group’s unofficial videographer. It wasn’t until after Allen left the cult that he understood the film he’d been making for more than 20 years. The close-knit Buddhafield aspired to an artistic utopian communal life. Led by enigmatic and charismatic guru, Michel. Buddhafield members pursued his vision for fulfillment while living together, exploring nature, and performing together. Gradually, several came to grow disenchanted with Michel and alleged emotional manipulation and even physical abuse.
"We've got incredible mentors and fantastic people to look up to in the first team in the style which they have played all season, irrespective of systems, because the first team have played a few different systems.
He added: "We're looking forward to it as a group. We feel as though we've worked hard all season and it's always nice, when you get to the end of the season, to have something to play for.
"To get the chance to play at Anfield I think is everything, not just the players but for the staff as well. Anfield generates an incredible atmosphere and there's an incredible ambience about the place.
That got me thinking about the apparent discrepancy between the RBA data and the tax stats - such a large survey as HILDA surely couldn't have got it that wrong.
For all these reasons, the HILDA data - used extensively by the Reserve Bank - is a much more reliable measure than the Tax Office data on what type of household gets by far the biggest benefit from negative gearing, and it ain't the poor.
“I have regular conversations with [FBI] Director [James] Comey,” Warner said Tuesday. “I am confident that we're going to get all the information we need to get to the bottom of this in a way that we can let the American people know what happened or didn't happen.”
To be clear, Dustin Diamond, best known for his portrayal of Samuel "Screech" Powers on Saved by the Bell, will be portraying a regular, nice, somewhat sarcastic guy. Ever want to see him in something serious, dark and eerie? Back this Kickstarter to get your chance!
"I believe that we'll get it done but it's always going to be hard," Obama said at a news conference in Laos, suggesting the deal's path might be easier after the US election. "Nothing is easy in the US Congress right now. Maybe there was a time when it was but I haven't seen it."
Sen. Pat Toomey, a Pennsylvania Republican and long-time trade supporter, wrote in August in a Pittsburgh Post-Gazette op-ed : "We should dump the TPP and return to the negotiating table to get an agreement that would create jobs and economic growth here at home."
"They have to fix this agreement and renegotiate some pieces of it if they have any hope or chance of passing it," Ryan said in an early August interview with Wisconsin Public Radio. "I don't see how they'll ever get the votes for it."
Spicer’s tenure got off to a controversial start when he said Trump’s inauguration was “the most watched ever,” a statement that was later debunked. In recent weeks, Spicer had briefed the press less regularly. Sanders has instead frequently taken the podium at the White House briefings, which have often been held off camera. Before Friday, there had not been an on-camera briefing since June 29.
"That's where you get the best buying power," Murphy said.
"I'm exploring other avenues for when I start up in the fall to see if I can get it on gratis on a plane to go up there," he said.
In 2005, Timaru man Mark Brosnahan reported seeing a large black feline in the Mid Canterbury high country. He got two pictures of it from a distance.
"Certainly having good transport options for people to get home at the end of the night safely is another important part of maximising the ability for people to go out without getting involved in alcohol-related violence."
"Well without me it wasn't going to get up and I didn't support it and that was the most important factor in the decision," he told 666 ABC Canberra.
Advances in computer memory will help stave off this Moore's wall, at least. I've written here before about the profound limits current memory systems are putting on computing power. Computers may get faster, but they're not gaining memory access speed nearly as fast. The hope is for a "universal memory" system to save the day, in which SRAM, DRAM, hard-drive, and flash memory are all integrated into one quickly accessible and extremely small system. In the future, hard-drive access could be as quick as it is for an actual logic unit to access its own registers (the slivers of memory within the unit itself).
Now, ice time is hardly a perfect measure of Phaneuf’s worth, and I think most would agree that at least five of the seven players ahead of Phaneuf on that list are better defensemen than the Leafs captain. But what we can extrapolate is that is that defensemen who play as much as Phaneuf does tend to get paid as much as Phaneuf does. They also tend to have both a leadership role and a ‘play in all situations’ role with their club, much like Phaneuf does. So while I’d be hesitant to say that Phaneuf is the league’s 8th best defenseman, he’s certainly in the top 20.
"I was pretty confident throughout the whole year that my future next year was going to be pretty good, so it came as a fair shock when I got told at the end of the year that I'd be moving on," Adcock told AFL.com.au.
"I still feel like I've got three or four really good years of footy left in me. I'm only 29. I'm excited by the opportunity to move on and see what's next for me."
"But it was really important for me to play well, because I've not got to go out and prove to other teams they should be picking me up and that I do have three good years left in me," he said. "I'm hoping on the weekend some teams were able to see that."
"Hopefully it's not a hard sell but I imagine what will happen is there's probably bigger priorities they're trying to get at the moment and I'll fall through after that."
He has been developing his skills as part of the Next Coach Program run by respected football assistant coach David Wheadon, and hopes to get into a position as soon as his playing career ends.
"The more I've done it the more I've enjoyed it. There as aspects I've got to do a bit more work on but there are other aspects which I feel right across."
The idea is that community banks do the lion's share of lending to small businesses, and pumping capital into them will get money in the hands of Main Street businesses.
"Rights, equality and respect need to be resolved, they need to be implemented in legislation and we need to get to that position.
"We're trying to get to people's bottom lines so decisions can be made as to how we can move forward. We would like to do that tomorrow but that's up to others.
Silva engaged in a battle for the ages with Mark Hunt at UFN 33, but tested positive for elevated levels of testosterone afterwards. Although he had been granted a TUE, he let his levels get too high, so the fight was declared a no contest, Silva was suspended for nine months, and he was denied his Fight of the Night bonus.
“He took the instructions wrong, but he did not try to cheat. What happened was, there was a miscommunication with the doctor and he ended up taking injections at the wrong time. He was taking a month then started taking a week. He took one a week before the fight and one at the week of the fight, which wasn’t supposed to. It got mixed up.”
Barney Frank, long known as America’s crankiest liberal, is actually not feeling too bad. Frank retired from Congress in 2012, after three decades of representing Massachusetts’s Fourth District, then wrote a memoir, became a director of the Signature Bank, and took his curmudgeon act on the road as a lecturer. But the election of Donald Trump has not shattered his confidence about the nation’s political future. “This was not a wipeout. People will tend to overinterpret it. Remember, we got more votes than they did,” he said, in an interview this week. “And there is one silver lining for us. They have succeeded in blaming us for everything that goes wrong in the world. From now on, anything bad that happens is on them. They control the whole government—White House, Senate, House, Supreme Court. Some people think that maybe Trump can somehow evade that responsibility, but I think it will be hard to blame it on some Mexicans when something goes wrong.”
In particular, Frank believes that Bernie Sanders’s primary campaign helped Trump’s portrayal of himself as a populist succeed in the fall. “Sanders wounded her badly,” Frank said, referring to Hillary Clinton. “His differing with her on the issues was entirely reasonable, but he’s the one who sold the argument that she was corrupt and bought by Wall Street. He had one ad which I called McCarthyite—where he essentially said Goldman Sachs got off so easy because they paid Clinton for speeches. Sanders helped Trump become the guy who says we are tired of rich guys getting away with everything. Sanders helped persuade people that she is on the wrong side of that issue.” Then, too, of course, there were the e-mails and the last-minute intervention of James Comey, the F.B.I. director. “If she hadn’t been using that e-mail system, she would have won, and Comey exacerbated the problem,” Frank said.
And yet many of the women no longer seem fazed by the violence, as if they are used to it, she adds. Banderas says she’s spending a lot of time trying to get transgender women to understand that such violence isn’t normal - and that it should be reported to the police.
"If they grew up in that situation, perhaps they're thinking, ‘If I can't get married, I can't get divorced,'" she told CTV News Channel.
Lawyer Nick Obolensky was inside the fourth-floor court hallway when he saw several young men get into a fight and the deputy sheriffs eject them, he said.
You see, I know a lotta y'all wanna spread the word of e-sports, but how you gonna get taken seriously if you look like the sterotypical gaming nerd. Y'aint, t's how.
Remember, the most important rule is to get a little healthier and manlier (or womanlier!) while having fun playing Starcraft 2. Anything in accordance with that rule is not only allowed, but encouraged. You think you can have more fun adding "flex and then yell" at 50 food in your build order. Fucking do it. You wanna ladder dressed as David Coverdale from the band Whitesnake? Huah!
And if you get flex and crunch your way to Masters, then you're just goddamn winning at everything.
Fail at committing cheese: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment. Are you a nerd?Are you a slob?Do you have a girly screen name on Team Liquid?If you answered any of these questions, there's only one thing can salvage your lifeYou see, I know a lotta y'all wanna spread the word of e-sports, but how you gonna get taken seriously if you look like the sterotypical gaming nerd. Y'aint, t's how.In order for our fandom to be taken seriously by today's materialist culture, we must be more than devoted, funny, and all around cool people. The Starcraft 2 fandom must be known o'er the land as the fandom with theHuah!When you're a(or, as they case may be. Muscles are not a patriarchy, they're a pec-riachry), you make your own rules. Here's what they are:1. You gotta ladder, bro. How you gonna be taken serious as a Starcraft 2 player if you don't ladder. That's common sense.2. When you win a game, reward yourself by doing a manly act of your choice. Flex! Punch something! Headbutt a tree! What matters is that you stay3. But when you, that's when you need toback the right to play.3a. If you lose a macro game, you need to do 10 crunches OR 10 jumping jacks OR ten push-ups3b. If you lose to cheese, you need to do 25 crunches, jumping jacks, OR push-ups3c. If you yourself are the cheeser and still you lose, you must do 30 crunches, jumping jacks, or push-ups4. After payin' your dues, you can rest if you feel you feel you need to. Play when you're ready, don't actually hurt yourself. We don't judge you...out loud.5. If you wanna keep track of your weight-loss and share the results with the thread, fucking go for it, bro. If you want to keep it to yourself, that is also dude. The goal is self-improvement through self-indudement.6. Buffcraft is not a substitute for an actual exercise regime. I'm not a doctah. Go see one before starting this program if you feel the need, due a medical condition, pregnancy, or anything like that.Remember, the most important rule is to get a little healthier and manlier (or womanlier!) while having fun playing Starcraft 2. Anything in accordance with that rule is not only allowed, but encouraged. You think you can have more fun adding "flex and then yell" at 50 food in your build order. Fucking do it. You wanna ladder dressed as David Coverdale from the band Whitesnake? Huah!And if you get flex and crunch your way to Masters, then you're just goddamn winning at everything.EDITED:A lot of y'all in the thread thing that the Buffcraft regime is insufficiently masculine. I'm proud of you for recognizing that more can be done. You wanna participate, and you think you can handle MORE than the vanilla pansy-ass version of Buffcraft. Post your alternative regimen in the thread, and keep us updated as you step up further. But remember, lying causes your secondary sexual organs to shrink to the size of raisins. And nobody likes raisins.: Having crushed my enemy and seeing him driven before me, I imagine the lamentations of his women.: 25 crunches. 25 jumping jacks: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 10 push-ups: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment.
I asked Dean if he thought we could get that kind of clarity today. After all, as Trump likes to point out, the FBI has been investigating the Russia connection for a year, and no one has been charged with a crime. “We’re in a different technical era,” Dean replied. “Who knows what’s out there today. Who knows what the NSA is sitting on. None of us have seen this intelligence.”
He concluded our conversation saying that if Trump does what everybody is advising him not to do, and one way or another, gets rid of Mueller, it will come down to “whether Republicans in Congress can put country above party. Our system will be severely tested, and we will find out whether we are a government of laws, where the rule of law is respected, or whether an outrage like firing a person lawfully appointed is acceptable to one political party.”
“A lot of Watergate is just bungling—it’s pure bungling—stupid things, like not hiring a lawyer. I tried to get Ehrlichman to agree to a criminal lawyer on my staff after Liddy confessed to me the same people were used in the Ellsberg break-in—the first I heard of the Ellsberg break-in. Ehrlichman shot me down.”
Nixon launched into the cover-up very early, not because anybody told him about the Ellsberg situation, but because he was concerned about Mitchell, says Dean. “But for John Mitchell, he never would have become president. Mitchell is to Nixon what Trump’s family is to him—you can’t get any closer.” When Nixon came to New York from California, Mitchell set him up as a partner in a prestigious law firm, put money in his pocket, and when Nixon decided to run again in 1968, Mitchell ran the campaign.
“That was a bungle,” says Dean. At every point where they could have cut their losses, they dug in deeper, and the crimes piled up under the heading conspiracy to obstruct justice. There was also the cover-up Nixon got away with, says Dean, by intentionally disrupting President Johnson’s efforts to get peace in 1968.
The Republic survived Watergate and people thought the safeguards put in place afterward ensured that a scandal of that magnitude could never happen again. Forty government officials were indicted or went to jail. One Senate investigator who did not want to give his name told The Daily Beast, “In retrospect, everyone in the administration who got anywhere near Watergate, even tangentially, lied or sat still while other people lied. It was a lesson in an administration going absolutely wild. My whole generation of lawyers and politicians feel this is history repeating itself—the same personal characteristics, personal weaknesses, the same personal desire to acquire and embrace power.”
I think it is very important to mention here not place yourself in a box. Your chosen genre should serve only as a baseline, a point from which assumptions can be made. How you twist and direct those assumptions is entirely up to you as the writer and GM. Lastly, crafting a believable world to tell your story in doesn’t end here, these are only steps along the path. Experiment, read on game theory, and decide what works for you. I’m working on more articles regarding NPC Relationships, Time Use, and Equipment that all tie your series of adventures into a story world your players can really get into.
All of the comments are truth or maybe rather written too lightly. I personally know & witnessed many other incidents during the production; such as an “Open Letter” to the clients, and how Greg threatened artists for it. I cannot put more details because I’m scared of revealing my identity.. and *I really want to keep working in this industry* Sickening how one can brag about production cost, when he was the one who demanded artists to work for free, otherwise get fired.
The Brady Campaign clearly chooses to go a different route. They’re so desperate to have some violence, preferably at the hands of someone with a gun, that they portray a young child unloading a handgun into her face. As if the original fairy tales weren’t scarring enough for kids who are trying to get some sleep!
"Our intention is to get an extension with the Clippers or anywhere else that he may be traded based on the fact that he's undervalued for the production he's providing," his agent Andy Miller told Yahoo Sports on Wednesday night.
While it’s true that BMW got its start in aircraft engines, the close of World War I and the Treaty of Versailles forbade the company from continuing down its original path. After the conclusion of WWI, BMW moved into motorcycle manufacturing. Eventually, the company was also allowed to restart the aviation side of its business.
Microsoft is bringing its classic Hover! game back to life, on the web. The game combines bumper cars and capture the flag, and originally shipped on Windows 95 CDs in a special folder called fun stuff. Microsoft has worked with Dan Church, an independent developer, to bring Hover! to the web. It took around eight weeks to get it ready in time for the launch today, and Hover! fans will be able to play the PC classic in retro and modern modes.
"I've never been as proud about anything I've created in my whole life," Caesar wrote in a note to The FADER, about the forthcoming full-length. "This body of work is about examining my most complex feelings and thoughts more directly. I'm more exposed than ever on this album. It's like I'm in therapy, but it's on display. And I got to make this with my friends. It's just us, no label, so it makes it that much more special."
"If you have illegal fireworks hand them in, report to Victoria police report to Worksafe, if you know of someone whose got illegal fireworks, similarly report it.
The Trump campaign has not responded to a question from The Daily Beast about whether Trump himself retweeted the image and where he got the information within it.
The Ionian island of Kefalonia, off the west coast of mainland Greece, has a beautiful landscapes and exceptional wines – some of which can’t be exported, so a trip here is the only way you’ll get to taste them.
Travelling for two months around Britain and Ireland, visiting Birmingham, Hull, Grimsby, York, Edinburgh, Belfast, Newry and Dundalk, I got an idea of why so many people voted for Brexit and how difficult it will be. For Britain, Europe and the rest of the world.
Ever since social media sites like Facebook and Twitter became household names here in America, we've occasionally had really stupid debates about just what type of access to those accounts employers should get from their employees. Some states have even passed laws that would allow employers to demand social media passwords from employees and applicants, presumably so that company reps can comb through private messages and posts shared only with the employee's or applicant's friends. If all of that seems stupid to you, that's because it totally is!
The Syrian civil war – riven by fighting rebel factions, sectarian revenge cycles, outside arms suppliers and provocations, and a spreading al-Qaeda force fighting the dictatorial Assad regime – can only get worse following a violent attack by your Administration.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � President Bush on Wednesday signed into law a bankruptcy reform bill that will make it harder for individuals to clear their debts through bankruptcy. So, experts say, if you were thinking about filing for bankruptcy, you might think twice -- or act twice as quickly, since major provisions of the law will go into effect six months from the day the law is signed. Individuals filing for bankruptcy usually do so either under Chapter 7 or under Chapter 13. In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, your assets (minus those exempted by your state) are liquidated and given to creditors, and many of your remaining debts are cancelled, giving you what's known as a "fresh start." In 2004, over 1.1 million people filed for Chapter 7, accounting for roughly 72 percent of non-business bankruptcies. Since many Chapter 7 filers don't have assets that qualify for liquidation, credit card companies and other creditors sometimes get nothing. In a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, you're put on a repayment plan of up to five years. Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan don't have to be paid. Last year, there were 445,574 Chapter 13 filings. Under the new law, fewer people will be allowed to file under Chapter 7; more will be forced to file under Chapter 13. Lawmakers who favor the legislation argue that it will prevent consumers from abusing the bankruptcy laws � using them to clear debts that they can afford to pay. But consumer advocates argue that the new law is a gift to creditors � particularly the credit card industry, which may receive $1 billion or more from repayment plans due to the expected increase in Chapter 13 filings, according to Robert McKinley, CEO of CardWeb.com. "The bill simply doesn't balance responsibility between families in debt trouble and the creditors whose practices have contributed to the rise in bankruptcies," said Travis Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America in a written statement. Key changes Here are some of the major changes for consumers under the new law: A qualifying test: Currently, it's up to the court to determine if your case qualifies for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the new law, your income will be subject to a two-part means test. First, it will be subject to a formula that exempts certain expenses (rent, food, etc.) to determine whether you can afford to pay 25 percent of your "nonpriority unsecured debt" such as your credit card bills. Second, your income would be compared to your state's median income. You won't be allowed to file for Chapter 7 if your income is above your state's median and you can afford to pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, said California-based bankruptcy attorney Stephen Elias, who is coauthor of the book "How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy." But, he said, you may be allowed to file for Chapter 13. If your income is below the state's median but you can pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, you may be able to file Chapter 7, but the court can still require you to file Chapter 13 instead if it believes that you would be abusing the system by filing for Chapter 7, Elias said. Under current law, the court has great latitude in deciding whether debtors may file for bankruptcy in consideration of their personal circumstances. Under the new law, there will be few if any exceptions made to the means test, no matter how sympathetic your case, said Leon Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Los Angeles. Determining what you can afford to pay: Currently, if you file for Chapter 13 today, the court determines what you can afford to pay based on what you and the court deem to be reasonable and necessary expenses. Under the new law, the court will apply living standards derived by the IRS to determine what is reasonable to pay for rent, food and other expenses to figure out how much you have available to pay your debts. The IRS regulations are more stringent, and to contest them means asking for a hearing from a judge, which can mean more time and expense, Elias said. Tougher homestead exemptions: Currently, if you declare bankruptcy, the state where you file may allow you to protect from creditors some or all of your home equity. In Florida, for instance, your home may be entirely exempt, even if you bought it soon before filing. In Nevada, you may exempt up to $200,000. The new law, however, places more stringent restrictions on the homestead exemption. For instance, if filers haven't lived in a state for at least two years, they may only take the state exemption of the state where they lived for the majority of the time for the 180 days before the two-year period. Filers may only exempt up to $125,000, regardless of a state's exemption allowance, if their home was acquired less than 40 months before filing or if the filer has violated securities laws or been found guilty of certain criminal conduct. Unlike most of the other provisions, the new homestead exemption rules go into effect immediately. Lawyer liability: Under the new law, if information about a client's case is found to be inaccurate, the bankruptcy attorney may be subject to various fees and fines. What that means for consumers is it will be harder to find a bankruptcy attorney willing to file because of the liability and the additional work required to verify a client's information, Elias said. Those who are willing are likely to charge more. Credit counseling and money management: Under provisions of the new law you must meet with a credit counselor in the six months prior to applying for bankruptcy. And before debts are discharged, you must attend money management classes at your expense. What should you do? For those people who have considered bankruptcy, the time to act may be now, consumer advocates say. Talk to a good bankruptcy lawyer, Plunkett said. If together you decide bankruptcy is the right call, you might consider speeding up your plans to file since most of the main provisions of the new law won't go into effect until six months from now. Typically, it can take a couple of weeks to file for bankruptcy, said Bayer. See Money magazine's 9-step program for tackling your debt problem. Money 101: Controlling debt Debt reduction planner
Wouldn't it be nice if we could just get all the Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump garbage out in the open now, pour it in some toxic news dump and sift through it for a week, air out all the shiny pieces, then go back to talking for six months about which policies are better for America?
"There was an article in GQ about your wife Melania this week," he told Trump on ABC News earlier this month. "And you said that spouses should be off the table, but you are willing to talk about Bill Clinton. Should he be off the table as well?" Trump eventually got to no. "It depends if he's involved in the campaign," he said. "I think if he's involved in the campaign, he shouldn't be. And I — he probably will be involved. I think he gets involved when she plays the women's card."
4. Trump is trying to get in the Clintons' heads, and its backfiring.
A great way to make your photos more intimate is to get closer to your subjects – even closer than you would feel comfortable. That way your photos can convey the kind of intimacy that is normally only found in real life.
Another great way to show perspective is to get really low with your iPhone. That creates an exaggerated perspective by making the objects in the foreground look massive, which can be used to emphasize details on the ground level and make the image more immersive.
You could either get down on your knees to maintain full control over the process, or you can just lower your iPhone and literally shoot from the hip to add some randomness to your photos.
Maybe you want to get down on your knees, maybe you want to climb the nearby stairs and take the photo from there, or maybe you want to get closer to your subject. Always keep experimenting with unique shooting angles, and you won’t be disappointed with the results.
“I thought I was going to have to go get a rope and tie her down,” Rayshawn says laughing. “Oh my God, she was running.”
Like many of the other plaintiffs involved in Inniss v. Aderhold, neither Rayshawn nor Avery, who call themselves “Team Chandler,” have any background in LGBT activism. They live a quiet life together in Jonesboro, getting together with friends and family for the occasional barbecue or bowling night. So how did they get from there to walking through Lambda Legal’s doors on April 22 and telling their story to the world?
As I age, I get a feeling that I am becoming more and more nostalgic about the simple life, limited number of options and opportunities that were present, good food, clean environment, closer interactions with people and less of noise and emissions that electronic-mechanical machines cause. The recent trip to my hometown has already made me even more wistful, in fact. However, ‘change’ is must for the humanity to progress and… sigh… I have to live with the present.
As far as I am concerned, this is the ONLY Made in China product that I have ever liked in my whole life and it was my first Chinese experience as well. Unlike today’s children, we never got to use the ball point pen s until the age of 12 (or sixth grade) on account of ‘bad hand writing’ resulting from ball point pens. Most of us started our writing with cheaper ‘Bismi’ or ‘Jubilee’ fountain pens and then progressed to using the Hero Pens (fondly called ‘Heero pena’ In Malayalam. Many of us in fact get to use it only for exams – for some not until the SSLC examination – and it was indeed a super smooth experience to use them. Mostly people used to get these pens as gifts from those who worked in the Gulf countries but later on they were available in shops for Rs.25 or so in stationery shops.
Now, this one is tricky and probably only Malayalis will understand what I am talking about. During those days mostly there would be at least one Keralite from every other household working in the Gulf countries (Generalized as ‘Persia’) and they make a visit once in every four or five years. At that time, everyone in the family – to the n’th relationship level – neighborhood and the village need to be gifted something or other. Cigarettes, cheap perfume sprays and synthetic clothe material or saris that will last beyond five generations were some of the cheaper options to keep everyone happy. Among these gifts, the kids usually gets the so-called “Happy T-shirt” which is nothing but a round neck T-shirt made of cheap synthetic fabric and a big H A P P Y written on it in a semi circle. We kids were, indeed, very happy to get them as gifts and would proudly wear them till they wore out. Those who wear Happy Tees were identified as the Gulf fellow’s son or relative.
I used the Chelpark ink for several years, I would say till I got my first job but had totally forgotten about it until my co-brother Manoj reminded me of that brand last week. In fact, that was the inspiration behind this post.
The camel brand of math instrument box is no brainer. Camel is still a leading brand in India for stationery and art-craft supplies. However, during our school days it was something big and getting a Camel box was an ultimate achievement in one’s otherwise limited wish list. Some of us get them during fifth or sixth grade and had to use the same till you pass out of 10th standard. Many times, the original paper sleeve wrapper around the box would be preserved intact for many years in order to protect the precious box from losing any of its print work on the surface.
Now, this should ring the bell for all because many Indian families must have had one such Murphy or Philips vintage radio until recently. These were known as ‘valve sets’ which requires quite some skill to tune it to the right frequency and several precautions for proper maintenance. Many of the featured a green dancing light valve that can be seen outside and moves according to the tuning procedure. The frequency needle – mostly sitting at a centimeter or two away from the actual frequency numbers and usually dangling – had to be carefully positioned to get the right radio station and its position usually is not the same when you tune from left as compared to the right. Basically only the owner of the radio and most likely only the elder male member of the family could tune it to perfection.
Now, these are not really very old entities but it was the first Indian television brand that I got to watch (at my neighbour’s place). I believe it was in 1980 or so? These Dyanora TVs (black and white) used to be thrice as big as its picture tube itself with two speakers on either side and sliding shutters that would close from both sides. It had pathetic design aesthetics but who cares when the transmission itself is available for only one or two hours per day – that too in black and white and with full of interruptions (Rukaavat ke liye khed hai!)
The best way to understand capacity is to think of it as a bucket. A bucket in the middle of a sandstorm. Every day you can see how much water is in the bucket, and how much can be refilled. However, every time you open the lid, sand gets in and builds up at the bottom of the bucket. Gradually your capacity decreases as sand increases.
And once they got to the league's title game, they typically dominated their South brethren. The first five Pac-12 championship games have been won by either Oregon or Stanford by an average of three touchdowns. It was a shared dynasty that was the envy of the league's 10 other programs.
VMware Player 7 Pro™ is a streamlined desktop virtualization application that runs multiple operating systems on the same computer without rebooting. With its simple user interface, unmatched operating system support and portability, it’s now easier than ever for IT professionals to get their users up and running with a corporate desktop. Player 7 Pro is licensed for commercial use and is enabled to run restricted virtual machines created by VMware Workstation 11 and Fusion® Pro 7.
Brisbane's first food truck set the bar high. This is fast food with class, offering simple, freshly steamed Chinese-style buns packed with flavoursome fillings. Buns are $8 each ($10 for the daily special), and there are always vegetarian and gluten-free options. Slow-cooked Wagyu beef with soy-pickled shitake mushrooms is a menu staple, as is the char-grilled teriyaki chicken with carrot and mint 'slaw and Japanese mayo. The twice-cooked pork version with hoisin and sakura-pickled cucumber is worth crossing town for – check the location calendar on their website as these buns get around.
The boys slip out the back of the warded shelter without permission to explore the empty city. As night approaches, they encounter Mordeth. We get into the motivations of this dangerous character.
Agent Rich Paul, who represents LeBron James, John Wall and others, “has been preparing for his client to go to Philadelphia from the moment the Sixers got the” top selection in the May 17 draft lottery, according to the source. Neither Simmons nor Paul has apparently made any public comments about draft preference and the Sixers since the lottery. Simmons has a connection to the area in that his trainer lives in Drexel Hill. He’s also known Sixers coach Brett Brown, who coached Simmons’ dad in Melbourne, Australia, since birth.
When Chan Gailey coached Ryan Fitzpatrick in Buffalo, he quickly understood what the journeyman QB was and what he was not. Fitzpatrick had an OK arm that he at times treated like a great arm, rifling balls into too-tight windows. With erratic mechanics, Fitzpatrick’s ball could also get away at times—all the more problematic when you consider the defensive traffic surrounding those “too-tight windows.” Instead of trying to change his quarterback’s makeup (which almost never works in the NFL), Gailey structured a system that would minimize Fitzpatrick’s damages. The Bills spread out. This spread the defense as well, minimizing the traffic and better clarifying the passing lanes. Because of the spacing, your route combinations from a spread can be limited. But that was not a huge problem because Fitzpatrick didn’t always play within the timing and structure of route combinations anyway.
Another benefit for Fitzpatrick in a four-receiver spread is that it leaves minimal bodies in pass protection. This compels the QB to get rid of the ball quickly. That’s why the Jets, despite an average offensive line, have given up only 21 sacks this season, second fewest in the league.
The Andy Dalton injury was a critical blow to the Bengals. Dalton had become very adroit in Hue Jackson’s scheme, which took advantage of the quarterback’s high pre-snap awareness. That said, Dalton’s injury was not a death blow. Jackson’s scheme can also simplify things in the post-snap phase, as long as the QB reads the safeties properly. Two things the Bengals have done well with Dalton: attacking the seams in the red zone and stretching the field outside, often with A.J. Green. Two weeks ago at San Francisco, in AJ McCarron’s first NFL start, Cincy still got huge plays from these concepts.
Still, seeing women flip the bird to beauty standards is pretty damn awesome — especially if it can get other women, those who aren't modeling T-shirts or making viral videos, feeling inspired to do the same.
"It really gave me a personal jolt: OK, you've got an artistic mission and you're really dedicated to the place, but what are you really doing with your life?"
"I'd be less upset if my parents got a divorce. Honestly, this place means more to me than my blood."
At some point the national anthem is sung. After most everyone remaining at 1:30 a.m. gets onstage to sing it again, Roseanne Barr is officially forgiven.
"I wouldn't expect him to do anything different,'' Wade said. "He's done it for every game he's played. So why change it just for one game? If he doesn't throw it up, I'll throw it up for him. That's what he does. You cannot stop doing what you do. Moreso than anything, that's his ritual. That's what gets him ready for the game.
"We're all disappointed that we couldn't get three points."
"We took a punch on the chin, shook ourselves down and managed to go. We've got to learn to be a bit more clinical but I'm delighted for everybody.
The visitors, looking marginally better for the change, still managed to get caught on the break for Leicester's third and frequently put themselves under pressure by trying to play out from the back - Stones' misplaced backpass for Vardy's third the costliest example.
"They have got permission for 5,000 people to congregate in Bolotnaya Square, but the march starts further across Moscow and then they will walk here and then congregate and later on ... move to another square next to the Kremlin and have some sort of sit in overnight until the inauguration.
Sometimes, the bunk gifts get even pricier.
“In every case described to us, the perpetrators were uniformed members of the security forces, almost all military personnel,” the report carefully notes. Most of the documented attacks involved gangs of soldiers attacking individual women. Nura Begum, 35, tried to prevent her four children from seeing what was happening to her. “I kept screaming and saying not to rape me in front of the children. But they did what they wanted to my body.” Akash Abdul described how she and her younger sister tried to flee after watching security forces kill the other members of their family. “As we got to the edge of the village two soldiers grabbed me,” she said. “They threw me to the ground and then raped me.” She was 14 years old.
To get around these potential challenges, researchers have turned to yeast, an organism that can be grown easily on industrial scales.
The scientists inserted into yeast cells a handful of genes isolated from the opium poppy. These genes encode the enzymes the plants use to produce opiates. After tweaking the system to adjust the relative amounts of the enzymes, the researchers could feed their yeast a precursor chemical called thebaine, and get pure morphine in return.
Jackson State (FCS – MS): If Mississippi State’s Tony Hughes can’t get a deal done, sources tell FootballScoop that North Carolina Central head coach Jerry Mack could have further discussions with JSU.
“Here is your police report. Sorry I got jumped by three African American young men. I have 2 black eyes and nose still is bleeding, and somehow I am in the wrong. Enough for people to say it was makeup, how embarassing and very rude quite frankly. I don’t want you pitty (sic) attention anything. I’m just warning there are dangerous people in Texarkana be careful. They did this to me for no reason in front of my 3 year old. At Texas side Walmart.”
An image is currently circulating on Facebook of a young black man holding what appears to be two guns with the caption: “Young men get your guns and kill them white ass policemen. Do not think about it just do it. Call them bitchs (sic) out set them up with two in the head.”
I was just informed by my social media manager that he was contacted by a friend of the original poster. We were informed that she is emotionally disturbed and that they are attempting to get her the assistance that she needs. We have removed the post to avoid contributing to her difficult struggle.
There’s no doubt that challenging, high-stakes tests can provoke anxiety in some students. But, perhaps counterintuitively, the solution to this problem is not to get rid of testing; instead, it is to encourage more testing – particularly frequent, lower-stakes testing. With many tests spread out across the year, each individual test will be worth less and thus necessarily lower stakes; students will become more accustomed to testing, and thus, less afraid of it. What’s more, every time they bring information to mind during a test, students are creating new memories from the cognitive effort involved. So more testing will lead to more learning and could decrease anxiety.
Duboc lived under surveillance from 2008 to 2010, when she was in Cairo, working on her own PhD. “I would get strange phone calls from the Ministry of Higher Education, asking about my research,” she told me. Later, when she visited Egypt to do follow-up work, she was turned away at the airport and barred from entering the country. Clearly, her name had been placed on a blacklist. (She has subsequently been allowed to return, she said.)
During the nine days after his disappearance, Regeni’s case became an international cause celebre, inspiring the Twitter hashtag #whereisgiulio? It was also a source of serious concern at the Italian Embassy in Cairo, which was preparing for the visit of a major business delegation, led by the Italian minister of economic development, Federica Guidi. On 3 February, while Guidi was meeting with Sisi and other Egyptian officials, a mini-van driver got a puncture on the road from Cairo to Alexandria. While fixing his flat tyre, he discovered Giulio Regeni’s body.
“The other theory,” explained Abdelrady, “is that the Egyptian police thought they could get away with it by blaming a band of criminals, and that people would not think the Egyptian police would be so stupid as to leave the body where it could be found.”
Relations between the Italian investigators and Cambridge University got off to a bad start when Abdelrahman declined to hand over her emails and text messages after the funeral. She also kept the police waiting for three hours, turning up for her interview at the police station at 10pm. Abdelrahman’s reluctance to hand over her personal data is understandable, given her background – she had grown up in Egypt under a military regime, when a person would never have given anything to the police if they could help it. Abdelrahman has chosen not to speak to the press since Regeni’s death, but told colleagues at Cambridge that she cooperated with the Italian police the day of the funeral.
When she was still new to the sport, Nicole found out that while riding alone can be hugely rewarding, it’s the social nature of the sport that binds us to our bikes. It provides the motivation to get out of bed when it’s still cold and dark outside.
“That’s who we are and what we stand for and if we can get one more woman to walk past a bike shop and wonder at the possibility of what might come if she gets on bike and starts riding, then we’ve done something great with our voice and our brand.”
“I would tell people that labor should reward its friends and punish its enemies,” said Frank Golden, business representative and organizer for District Council 4 in the Chicago area, quoting American Federation of Labor founder Samuel Gompers. “I use that as a stepping stone and tell these people, because we got a little time to go, and just throw that straight at them as a reminder.”
“We have to try and get them involved and help them understand the issues,” Noone said. “We have to get people on board.”
Toronto might be that situation – maybe. Ideally Davis would be playing beside a stretch-four/five with the physical presence needed to not get pushed around in the paint by bigger players, someone like the Raptors Patrick Patterson or Amir Johnson. It isn’t an easy call and Toronto may be able to find better options, but if Davis can convince Head coach Dwane Casey that he could help the Raptors rebound better, then there could be a role for him on the roster.
Davis should attract a little more attention in free agency this summer than he did in 2014 when he had little choice but to accept the Lakers minimal offer, but he really didn’t show any more potential this past season than he did when he was in Toronto. Davis’ agent still has a sales job to do in order to get his client a better deal. In the end it may come down to choosing between more money and a smaller role in a better/winning situation.
She adds that she felt "like a prisoner" — at the disciplinary school she'd been exiled to, she saw her rapist in the hallways, when she was arriving in the morning and going to the bathroom. She tried to transfer to a different high school and was denied because the "public lewdness" charge was a stain on her record. Other students taunted her, threatening her and insinuating that she had "asked for it." After graduation, she says, "My personality changed. I didn't want to do anything. I blamed myself for the longest time." In June 2012, though, things started to look up. Bradshaw-Bean's mother, Colleen Chevallier, had filed a Title IX complaint against the school with the ACLU. And in June, a little over a year and a half after her rape, Bradshaw-Bean finally got word that the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights had ruled that Henderson High School was in violation of Title IX for failing to independently investigate the case and for its inability to provide "a legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason" behind their decision to send Bradshaw-Bean to the disciplinary school.
He added: “It has started to get hot and Mr Wilson has left the kitchen, you need to have a thick skin in politics.
Back in the 1990s, Steve Rambam posed as a university researcher to get war criminals to tell him their stories.
The organization never got a response.
I haven’t posted on here in quite a long while. I feel like life took me by surprise and dragged me for months. But I’m here now, and lately I’ve felt the need to blog. To write in this blog and converse with others. I recently got laid off from my job due to lack of work. There are so many things wrong with the U.S. economy, but this isn’t the blog for that kind of talk.
Conventional wisdom (our dear, dear friend) tells us that without the constant application of skin creams and face lotions and mineral moisturizers, we’ll become haggard parchment people with wrinkled mugs that’d put an elderly Sharpei to shame. It seems to have worked, too. Most bathroom mirrors conceal impressive caches of creams, lotions, and oils, and many people instinctively and compulsively lather the stuff on any chance they get (similar to our infatuation with Purell, but that’s another post altogether). But, as we’ve often wondered, is confronting a totally natural occurrence – dry skin – with unnatural methods and products really such a good idea?
Then Baker Mayfield got eligible, Stoops hired a new offensive coordinator (Lincoln Riley) and OU is now the hottest team in the game heading into the College Football Playoff.
On the outside looking in, OU’s desperation to get Mayfield eligible seemed strange, especially considering the Sooners were coming off a big win over Alabama in the Sugar Bowl – a game where quarterback Trevor Knight played well and gave a hint of big things to come in 2014.
“He always impressed me with the way he plays,” coach Gregg Popovich said. “He is not blessed with the most talent in the world, but I don’t think there is anybody on the planet who gets more out of what he’s got.”
Devoid of playing time his first few seasons, Joseph occasionally requested to be demoted to the Spurs’ Development League club in Austin to get minutes.
The work seems poised to pay off for Joseph in a literal sense. He just might have to leave San Antonio to get paid.
For now, the Spurs will take whatever they can get from Joseph. With Parker and Mills easing back into the rotation, look for Popovich to seek creative ways to keep all three point guards in the mix.
While some Turkmens charge that the Kurds have been trying to Kurdicize Kirkuk and cannot be trusted, the Kurds argue that Kurdistan is the best guarantee of Turkmen rights. According to prominent Kurdish commentator Massoud Abdulkhaliq, Kirkuk’s Turkmens would be better off as part of Kurdistan. “The Turkmens used to have presence in all provinces and districts of Iraq. Now it is only in Kurdistan, which means they get along better with the Kurds than with the Arabs. No one is harassing them here,” he told Al-Monitor in Erbil. “They insist that Kirkuk remain attached to Baghdad, but if it does, they will be finished in Kirkuk, too, as they were in other regions.”
“In our view, Kirkuk belongs to all of us. It’s a city of all nationalities and religions,” Khurshid said. He referred also to a proposal he had drawn up at the request of Kurdish leaders for a special status for Kirkuk within Kurdistan. The proposal, presented to representatives of other groups on July 30, outlines a power-sharing formula according to which the bloc that comes out first in the elections gets the governor’s post, the second the post of provincial council speaker, the third the deputy governor’s post and the fourth the deputy speaker’s post. Given the demographic structure, the governor’s post would likely go to the Kurds, the speaker’s post to the Arabs, the deputy governor’s post to the Turkmens and the deputy speaker’s post to the Christians, Khurshid said. “Yet,” he added, “the Turkmens demand that the third ticket gets both the deputy governor’s and deputy speaker’s posts. We reject that because the Christians would be cast out.”
In a sign of how important Internet access has become, students at Michigan State University, where most dormitories are wired, lined up seven hours in advance last spring to make sure that they were assigned to wired housing. To help those who missed out, the college installed voice mail. Everyone in those dorms uses the telephone lines for dial-up access, said James L. Carey, a sophomore, "and students would be online so much they would never get phone calls."
Photo: Getty Images Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 2 of 4 Chris Dominguez of the San Francisco Giants is congratulated after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park September, 21, 2014 in San Diego. less Chris Dominguez of the San Francisco Giants is congratulated after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park September, 21, 2014 in San ... more Photo: Getty Images Image 3 of 4 Chris Dominguezof the San Francisco Giants sits in the dugout after an 8-2 loss to the San Diego Padres at Petco Park September, 21, 2014 in San Diego. Chris Dominguezof the San Francisco Giants sits in the dugout after an 8-2 loss to the San Diego Padres at Petco Park September, 21, 2014 in San Diego. Photo: Getty Images Image 4 of 4 SF Giants rookie hits first home run, gets cute messages on ball 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The Padres dispatched an employee to retrieve the ball, but before a swap could be completed, the little girl’s sister got ahold of the ball and wrote on it, “Happy birthday, love M.”
Last year, Orlando Castro emerged on the fringes of the prospect scene with a stellar first half with Low-A West Virginia, putting up a 1.93 ERA and 63/6 K/BB ratio in 74.2 innings. He was basically a complete nobody before that, so his performance didn’t get him noticed by many other than Pirates diehards and K/BB leaderboard sorters, and a mediocre second half with High-A Bradenton did nothing to further his ascent up prospect lists.
Castro’s listed at 5’11” and 190 pounds, and size is certainly not a positive for him. As you might expect from a small lefty control artist, he’s not an especially hard thrower, though he works consistently at 88-91 mph, which isn’t particularly poor for a lefthanded starter. Castro throws both a four-seam and a two-seam fastball, the latter of which helps him get groundballs.
First, Senzatela turned 19 in January, roughly two months after Dykstra–who, mind you, is in the same league–turned 23. Comparing their performances doesn’t mean a whole lot–one would hope that Dykstra’s the more advanced guy, and he is. Senzatela has at least a couple of years before he needs to really get moving performance-wise; at this stage, the question is stuff.
The ways in which they have been able to make it this far are varied. Each have relied on a particular style of play that has defined their season and ability to get this far.
It wasn’t Pate’s first difficulty with the councilmen and he was frustrated. “He [Pate] fought us tooth-and-nail to get that money,” Plott said. “But I didn’t think public dollars should be spent on a private business. He began a public crusade to try to destroy me.” Pate apparently conceived a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott. Amidst the many charges of corruption on www.theplottthickens.com, a dormant discussion board asks for feedback on the councilman and a line on the site declares, “I am Stan Pate and I approve this message,” then gives a Northport post office box address. Pate admits to having founded the site and claims good reason for such. “I filed an ethics complaint that is a matter of public record against Mr. Plott,” Pate said, “and I made it very clear in multiple ads and in the newspaper and in Tuscaloosa and on various publications that I feel like Mr. Plott’s dealings while he was on the city council were unethical and corrupt.”
Rubio is the last remaining establishment-backed candidate who’s got a clear shot at the nomination.
Even if I held the balance of power and could get through bits and pieces of legislation (while flattering myself as to the magnitude of my importance) I would still not take my seat.
Yes, you will get out of bed. Yes, you will try to eat breakfast. And Yes, you will put on your pads and run out on that field. Despite the pain, the doubt, and the fear, you will say Yes. You always say Yes.
About three or four days into training camp is when the soreness starts to peak, and it sticks around for about a week and a half until your body starts to desensitize itself to misery. During my six seasons with the Denver Broncos, there were days when getting out of bed was so difficult I was sure there was no way I could practice. Of course I was wrong. I found a way to get it done. Football players learn how to push down the pain and make a play. But it hurts later. It hurts a lot.
Compounding the physical pain is the strange dichotomy between players and coaches. Coaches expect mathematic perfection from their players, so most often, whatever a player does is not quite right. There is always something to improve, even when you get the job done. As my friend Stefan Fatsis eloquently describes it in his book A Few Seconds of Panic, about the summer he spent on the field with me and my Denver teammates (as a kicker), different coaches communicate in different ways. But in the N.F.L., the militaristic approach usually dominates: veiny-foreheaded dopplegangers berating players daily.
The longer you’re around, the more the cackle becomes background noise, which you learn to accept as an industry standard. But it’s unproductive, because the aim begins to be, “Don’t make a mistake, don’t get yelled at.” That’s an awful way to play football, especially when the dudes doing the yelling are or were inferior athletes to you.
But this is in the middle of the depth chart, meaning that if a team is carrying 10 receivers in camp, receivers Nos. 5 and 6 are battling for a job. Nos. 7 through 10 are camp bodies, there to bolster the numbers, to take punishment, to give veterans an occasional rest, to serve as verbal punching bags for position coaches trying to make a point. This happens at every position, even quarterback. Players see this happening to them, and there is nothing they can do about it. At the bottom of the depth chart, guys get very few quality “reps” — repetitions, turns to play in practice. Coaches often encourage these players, saying things like, “Don’t count your reps, make your reps count!” But reality sets in. For many, this will be the last football they will ever play.
“We make extremely good money, work reasonable hours, get to be active and build actual communities within the Twin Cities,” he said. “I want young people to realize that it is not a step down to go into construction.”
In 2002, in response to a major new road building programme and expansion of aviation, a delegation of road protest veterans visited the Department for Transport to warn of renewed direct action in response, delivering a D-lock as a symbol of the past protests. One such protestor, Rebecca Lush went on to found Road Block to support road protesters and challenge the government. In 2007, Road Block became a project within the Campaign for Better Transport. The M11 Link road protests inspired the launch of the video activism organisation Undercurrents. Training activists to film the protests, they released You've got to be choking in 1994, a 40-minute documentary about the M11 link road campaign.
In 2007, the BBC reported that the cost of the M11 link road had doubled due to the intervention of protesters. Residents in Leytonstone have complained that, following the completion of the road, their streets became rat runs for commuters trying to get ahead of queues.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
This is something we don't normally get to see -- what happens when a drunk driving suspect refuses to give his blood to police.
But there's a video inside the Pasadena jail, last July. Nine cops will get in the action.
"It almost looks like each officer that runs through the door is wanting to get a piece of the action, more so than stopping to look and see if their assistance is even needed," defense attorney Jim Medley said.
"This is what happens to citizens, that people don't get to see all the time, if you say, 'I don't want you to draw blood,'" Cammack said.
"We got a fighter," you hear an officer saying in the video.
"You got nine officers on one man who's got a broke leg, who's already on the ground," Quanell X said. "You can see one officer clearly kneeing the young man as he was lying down on the ground, kneeing him on his side; then you saw him punching him at the same time."
After he's restrained, Nelson is not put back in the chair to get the needle. The nurse sticks him right there on the ground.
"Would we like more? Absolutely," Hutchinson said. "Can we get more? No."
"It's an invaluable exercise," Hutchinson said. "You can't get better training for emergency preparedness."
“I feel that we’re best placed. There’s no way I’d say we get it right every time, because again, there’s a human factor in coaching, just as there is in playing, as I referred to with George North.
“His aerial game is a real strength for him, and for us. That’s where they came after us last time with Dan Biggar and Liam Williams, George North is such a big man, Leigh Halfpenny got a couple of good aerial takes early in the game.
“That’s where I’d challenge anyone to do as much work looking at how people are preparing themselves, and then make decisions. The caveat of all that is – I’m not claiming that we’ve got it right, we’ve just worked hard to try to make the best decisions.”
The notice incorrectly implies that Facebook has recently changed the copyright provisions of its user agreement. It then unnecessarily asserts a user’s copyright over his Facebook posts (you retain such copyright without posting a notice) and cites the “Berner Convention,” an irrelevant international treaty properly spelled “Berne Convention.” The notice then instructs Facebook to get written permission to make commercial use of the user’s content, which is pointless as Facebook users agree to let the social network make money off their posts when they sign up for the service. (The full text of the bogus copyright notice is below.)
Assuming Fabinho gets his wish, he will take over the deep-lying midfield role Motta has made vital to the team's now trademark possession-based 4-3-3 formation, enabling Marco Verratti and Adrien Rabiot to occupy the more advanced berths with Blaise Matuidi likely to be moved on this summer.
"I didn't think I'd get accepted to any of them. By casting a wide net I thought someone would take the bait and take me," Mabizari said.
“Nonviolence is the best tool because it strengthens civil society and it gives a role to each person: the kids, the women, the elders and the youth. With nonviolent activities you get more international support and you neutralize the violence of the oppressor,” he explained.
In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
TC: Anytime money is coming from a few sources, it’s problematic. Ideally any movement in any party has a vast variety of sources and money because otherwise they’re afraid of upsetting their funders. If Republicans ended up in a position where they were completely dependent on Koch money that would be very bad for Republicans. Heritage Action gets Koch money. But if you look at Freedom Works, for instance, they’re definitely not getting Koch money. They were created as a splinter off the Koch world. Club for Growth gets a lot of rich conservative investors. They’re not Obama’s 20-year-old small donors, but they’re a different source of money. And I’ll say this: I think ideological money is better than money coming in to support the corporate bottom line.
TC: That’s the standard Republican playbook. Something happens. Conservatives get excited. And K Street walks out with the victory. Now Heritage Action is onto that. They’re saying [that] if all we get out of this is medical device tax repeal then how detached is the Republican Party from the base? I think the medical device tax is bad policy but just doing that would really sow dissatisfaction in the Republican base.
TC: When I’m in a hopeful mood, I see this as a pendulum swinging from one extreme to another and coming towards the middle. The old extreme was the Bush way of doing things. Republican leaders told the base they were doing something conservative, and then they’d do something like prescription drugs and sell it to the base as a tactical move to get reelected. That was basically a lie the Republican leadership told the base.
TC: I think the goal has always been to try and win the shutdown in one way or another. That’s not happening now. The question is can something change so Republicans start winning the shutdown? When you see Boehner talk about punting on the debt limit, remember, he previously wanted to fight on the debt limit. That reflects conservatives believing that maybe if the shutdown keeps going we can win. How that happens is not clear to me. But the necessary condition is that the shutdown somehow needs to be hurting Obama more than it’s hurting Republicans. The reason I’m skeptical of that is Republicans will never get the kind of fair or positive media treatment they’d need for that to be the case.
CMP is expected to amplify that point Monday. John Carroll, a spokesman, said the cost of rooftop solar has fallen by roughly half over the past decade, yet it’s still being subsidized at the same level as it was in the 1980s. He said CMP gets little benefit from rooftop solar because the values cited in the PUC study are largely tied to generation and energy supply, not to the cost of delivering power to homes. CMP contends that the cost of crediting solar homeowners shifted $1.3 million in expenses to other ratepayers in 2015, although solar advocates say CMP hasn’t substantiated those figures.
“Oh, I didn’t realize that,” Heye said. “But the fact that it even got deleted is heartening to me.”
Perhaps, they say, conservatives will finally get some quality judges on the Supreme Court? Maybe Trump will focus more on unraveling Obamacare than on deporting 11 million people living in this country illegally or registering Muslims into a database? Maybe now that he’s president, they say, Trump will finally pivot to acting presidential?
“This past week has reinforced that a President-elect Trump has the capacity to rise above the campaign mudslinging,” said Lott’s former spokesman, Ron Bonjean, now a PR strategist who does not count himself as a “skeptical” Republican. “I’ve always believed that if he can bring in a team around him of solid people and get away from the late-night Twitter accounts, this could be okay.”
“If Obama got [Valerie] Jarrett, Trump can have Bannon,” he wrote for the Resurgent. “And when the alt-right goes marching through Washington or people start trying to round up Jews because of it, then we can raise the issue and provide shelter to those in need. But there is no guarantee that will happen.”
The slippery slope here is bigger than just losing contact-finding abilities. Cross-posting could get killed off; developers will become warier about working with a platform, and the goal will be to get acquired, a la Instagram and Vine, to assure compatibility. There’s also fear that if you do happen upon something that really connects and inspires users, the dominant networks are simply going to clone it (although, that largely hasn’t worked out well).
There are hints of very monopolistic behavior. But what can we do? Right now, we’re just watching the big platforms get bigger. We’ll be left wondering what could have become of the small startups that never had a chance to grow.
We now skim everything it seems to find evidence for our own belief system. We read to comment on reality (Read: to prove our own belief system). Reading has become a relentless exercise in self-validation, which is why we get impatient when writers don’t come out and simply tell us what they’re arguing. Which reminds me: What the hell am I arguing? With the advent of microblogging platforms, Twitter activism, self-publishing companies, professional trolling, everyone has a microphone now and yet no one actually listens to each other any more. And this is literally because we’re too busy reading. And when we leave comments on an online article, it’s usually an argument we already agree with or one we completely reject before we’ve read the first paragraph. In the age of hyper-information, it’s practically impossible not to be blinded by our own confirmation bias. It’s hard not to be infatuated with Twitter shitstorms either, especially when we’re not the target practice.
That same blog post will get reposted on other news sites and the same news article will get reposted on other blogs interchangeably. Content—whether thought-provoking, regurgitated, or analytically superficial, impeccably researched, politically doctrinaire, or grammatically atrocious—now occupies the same cultural space, the same screen space, and the same mental space in the public imagination. After awhile, we just stop keeping track of what’s legitimately good because it takes too much energy to separate the crème from the foam.
His unique flexibility allows him to bring his chamber up high with amazing speed and control. When he raises his thigh for a round kick, you have NO idea whether you’re about to get booted in the leg or take a shin to the head:
Key points – Make sure you pop up hard onto the toes of your standing leg to help achieve a good snap in the kick and to help it reach the head. Saenchai makes it look so easy mainly because he has such loose hip flexors, better get stretching if you want to throw it as smoothly as he does.
To help those separated by distance or circumstance to get in touch with one another this festive season, we are again opening up our national payphone network and providing free local, national and standard mobile calls from Telstra payphones around Australia from December 24-26. We will also be offering free Telstra Air® Wi-Fi access from selected public hotspots.
Angular components are designed with exactly that in mind. A component comes with HTML, JavaScript but also has it’s own styles that belong to it. All we need to do is to define the styles in our component, or at least declare, where to get those from. In fact, there are three ways to associate CSS styles to a component in Angular: Component inline styles, style urls and template inline styles. Let’s explore them one by one.
“As comedians, it wouldn’t be a good thing if we went to pursue a hit in the States because they could potentially make something that became big, so we thought it would be more fun from a comedian perspective to come home to the talk show and say, ‘Listen we had the chance, we could’ve made it big, but the only idea we got for the song was this old idea about what the fox says so we’re sorry. We screwed up.’ That was the plan,” Bård said. “That would’ve been funny to say on the talk show.”
“We’re not chasing the next hit. We’re just making stuff that we think is funny. Some will get like 100,000 views and some obviously got 100 million, but it’s the same recipe,” Bård said. “It’s supposed to be three minutes for a Norwegian talk show and this one traveled. Maybe we’ll make another song with them maybe not. It’s just a month old, this song.”
This didn’t mean they got rid of everyone, of course. Returning at third base to prove himself once again, Pablo Sandoval manned the corner in-field position with stunning range, despite his size. Buster Posey put together one of the most impressive seasons a young player has ever had. And of course, you had pitchers Tim Lincecum, Matt Cain, and Madison Bumgarner, all of whom (besides Sandoval in 2010) played key roles in the teams 2010 and 2012 post-season runs. These five players (but not limited too) are this teams cornerstones, and when you add in a budding super-star first-baseman (Brandon Belt) with the potential to be a perennial home-run king, along with the short-stop of the Giants future in Brandon Crawford, the word dynasty definitely starts sounding more and more realistic.
San Francisco’s style is anything but traditional, and has proven they can get things done. Two World Series championships in a span of three years is pretty good, and both under manager of the year finalist Bruce Bochy, who has been a integral part to this teams recent success. But when you add in the fact that the franchise had not seen a title since 1954, it makes things a little clearer when realizing just what this team is doing.
April is Pet First Aid Awareness Month. How prepared are you for an emergency situation with your pet? What if you can’t get your little buddy to the vet quick enough? Do you know what to do in some of the most common emergencies? Pet first aid is important for any pet owner to know, it can help save your pets life if you are unable to seek professional care. This time of year is starting to get warmer outside. That means longer walks, traveling to the beach, mountain climbing and more. Heat exhaustion can be dangerous, even fatal, for dogs. It is important to be able to act quickly and be able to recognize symptoms of heatstroke/exhaustion. Dogs suffering from heat stroke will normally exhibit some or all of the following symptoms:
"[I] basically [added] more violence and suffering, [the audience] wanted far more violence [...] They just weren't satisfied [...] We got a lot of people telling us that they were disappointed with this death scene, as they wanted to see [the character] in agony and suffer a lot more, we had to create a whole suffering death scene just to give people the satisfaction they needed." —Jackson to Reuters on re-shooting Harvey's death scene, November 2009[38]
Claudia Puig of USA Today gave the film 2/4 stars, remarking that while "[Peter] Jackson gets the thriller scenes right", the "conceit of Susie trapped in a DayGlo world between the one she left and her final resting place, imparting lessons on coping with death, feels preachy."[66] Puig also described the film as having "clashing tones" that veer from "lightheartedness to heavy-handedness."[66] Puig also criticized the film's computer-generated imagery, describing it as being "cheesy" and felt that it broke "no ground."[66] Kirt Honeycutt, of the Hollywood Reporter, described the film as telling "a fundamentally different story" which is "one that is not without its tension, humor and compelling details", but that "it's also a simpler, more button-pushing tale that misses the joy and heartbreak of the original."[67] Honeycutt also described Jackson as having transformed Sebold's "startling, unique novel about the aftermath of a terrible murder" into a story that's more "focused on crime and punishment."[67]
And that was what happened in the Bush administration. You have to remember, a lot of these rules that Obama has implemented are a reaction to what happened during the Bush years. What we saw happen in the Interior Department, Steven Griles got embroiled in something with a former lobbyist named Jack Abramoff, who’s now in jail, and that he had gotten people in the Interior Department to, you know, trade on favors for him, for his clients. And that’s what this is aimed at.
Technically speaking, the gameplay consists of three connected levels: astral, strategic and tactical. Having invaded a shard (the astral level), the players land on its surface (strategic level) and, after a series of battles (tactical level), they conquer the shard and literally attach it to their homeland. Add in diplomacy, army and hero management, internal affairs and moral dilemmas to the mix, and you get the game.
When you attack a shard, what sort of things will you have to manage? This “overland” portion of the game looked meaty at E3 but I was hoping to get some more information about some of the tasks and gameplay mechanics that are involved with it. What do you have to do to run your economy, for example? Do you obtain gold, wood, etc?
Yeah, as I’ve said before – not just your heroes, but all units in the game level-up and get some new perks and abilities. For instance, your knights can acquire the passive ability to deal more damage to evil units starting from level 8, while your ogres may learn how to stun the enemy troops on level 3.
In Eador, you play as yourself – meaning that you don’t represent elves, orcs or humans when you’re hiring them. You’re the Master, a demigod, and these puny mortals are nothing but pawns in your great game. Thus, you can mix & match units from different races as you want, but you have to pay attention to the chemistry. Goblins and elves don’t really get along together, so you can expect a penalty to the troops’ morale on a battlefield.
Critics have noted that what proponents claim are symptoms of SPD are both broad and, in some cases, represent very common, and not necessarily abnormal or atypical, childhood characteristics. The checklist of symptoms on the website of the SPD Foundation, for example, includes such warning signs as "My infant/toddler has problems eating," "My child has difficulty being toilet trained," "My child is in constant motion," and "My child gets in everyone else's space and/or touches everything around him." -- "symptoms" which read much like the day-to-day complaints of an average parent.[13]
Sensory processing issues represent a feature of a number of disorders, including anxiety problems, ADHD,[14] food intolerances, behavioral disorders, and particularly, autism spectrum disorders.[15][16][17][18][19][20][21] This pattern of comorbidities poses a significant challenge to those who claim that SPD is a identifiably specific disorder, rather than simply a term given to a set of symptoms common to other disorders.[22] Dr. Catherine Lord, a leading autism expert and the director of the Center for Autism and the Developing Brain at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, argues that sensory issues are an important concern, but not a diagnosis in themselves. "I do think there's a value in attending to how a child is perceiving sensations, thinking about whether he could be uncomfortable. Where I get concerned is labeling that as a separate disorder."[23]
"This is principally driven by what we call doubtful debt, that is student debt we don't expect to get back," Grattan Institute higher education director Andrew Norton said.
I used to be a “hacker” but it was more than that, and it was because of a few stupid mistakes I made that I got caught and won’t ever be doing anything stupid, like that again. That’s not because I don’t still think in my head (which is currently the only place of privacy we have) of what I could be doing, or that the women in front of me at the line of the grocery store just entered her pincode as 3782 or that my friend who works for the government just left her emails logged on in her computer. It’s because of the fear that I don’t want to “face the music” as some may say, and anyone who isn’t scared of that then I’ll look up to as a hero, hence my reference to Edward Snowden earlier.
Instead it was bland, clichéd, almost incomprehensible, and flat-out terrible with some of the worst dialogue ever uttered. And don’t get me started on the not quite lip synching but not really singing, either.
I originally thought it was a fascinating idea for a show-seven strangers wake up in a strange hotel in a deserted town with no idea how they got there. So many possibilities, and while the pilot was just okay, there was a tremendous amount of promise, so I created a season pass.
It went steadily downhill after the pilot meandering down blind plot alleys and never quite settling on a tone with characters who became less interesting as the show wore on. I still stayed with it because I had to know how it would end, and NBC promised we would get answers.
Take for example a recent Op-Ed in the Wall Street Journal: No Need to Panic About Global Warming. Within our system we already have 8 rebuttals listed for this page. Following one of them to Phil Plait’s Bad Astronomy blog we get a thorough debunking of the op ed, including use of Skeptical Science’s Escalator animation. Interestingly, there is also a rebuttal posted to Phil Plait’s rebuttal, taking you to an article which argues against the escalator graphic. Looking at that article though, you are then able to click through to another rebuttal on SkS itself, defending the graphic, which has also provided links to a few other articles which argue against W.M.Briggs’ article criticising the escalator. Using rbutr you are able to immediately step outside the single perspective presented on any one of these websites, and see the greater internet-wide discussion which is taking place.
Head over to http://rbutr.com, register, install the plugin (chrome only at the moment – we are still in beta testing), and let us know what you think! We’re eager for as much feedback and thoughts as we can get during these early stages.
This partly reflects how the stock market has changed. It was once a place where companies regularly went when they wanted to take on some project in order to get new money from banks and investors. Now, it's become a place where firms distribute their earnings to their owners, instead of taking money in, as the economist J.W. Mason has shown.
"What I am trying to do is in one-third of my tide pools, trying to get a picture for what a tide pool is going to look like in 2100, and what tide pool our grandkids will look at," she said.
"It's also overfishing combined with warming, combined with acidification, combined with lots of other things, and all of these changes happening so quickly and happening all at the same time is pushing these species past where they can rebound when their populations get knocked down.
Researchers are struggling to catch up — monitoring changes, trying to determine just how bad it will get and finding out which species will be the first to go.
Petition the NCAA to get rid of divisions in college football ... even though the SEC created them in 1992.
Obviously, people above my pay grade would have to dissect this more thoroughly, but if the SEC pushes the NCAA to get rid of divisions, conferences can keep their rivalries and even invest in older ones. Example: Florida and Auburn began play in 1912 and played for 58 consecutive years (1945-2002). The additions of Missouri and Texas A&M in 2012 further extinguished this rivalry by eliminating another cross-divisional opponent. Florida and Auburn aren't slated to play until 2019 in Gainesville, and at Auburn in 2024.
On the outside, this looks simple. With the sport evolving more and more, you might as well make sure you can get the best product on the field more and more. This is a step in that direction, and it serves the league, its teams and its fans well.
This is what conservatives and anyone who cares about facts are up against (see RED-HANDED: Katie Couric Caught Editing Video to Push Anti-Gun Lies… and CENSORED: White House Edits Video of French President Saying ‘Islamist Terrorism’). The media will never let facts get in the way of their narrative unless they get called out.
Carson’s father, Andre Huey-You, a former pilot, said he is “not pushing [Carson], but trying to hold on to his son, so he doesn’t get too far beyond him.”
I got it from the FFL dealer 12/23/14 and when I got it home, measured the chamber with a Hornady C.O.A.L gauge. I reloaded 50 cartridges with IMR 7828 SSC, 80 gr. and seated the bullets so the length was 3.779" I mounted a Vortex Viper PST 6-24X50 with the MRAD reticle and 2 days later took it to the range. I started with 100 yards, and my 5th, 6th, and 7th shots were in a 1" bullseye, 2 going through the same hole. I switched to a 3" target at 100 yards and had a 3 shot group .5" just high and to the left, made the adjustments to center in the small bullseye and noticed the scope rings had loosened even using locktite, so I stopped. I've ordered Vortex's Precision Matched 30mm rings and am waiting to receive them. Once I remount the scope using the new rings, I'm going to zero it for 200 yards and post another review, but initially I'm VERY pleased! Oh, this is my 4th Savage rifle. I have a model 114 in 7mm magnum and can hit golf balls all day long at 100 yards. Dropped a large doe at 70 yards and she never even kicked because I shot the top of her heart off.
“It doesn’t change the way I play,” Sherman said. “I’ve always tried to tackle with the best form, and not try to always get people down on the ground without using my head. But it doesn’t change the way I think about the game or how I feel about my kids playing the game. I feel like this game has given me a lot more than its taken. It obviously takes a toll on your body and you understand the risks going into it, but you also have to understand that it’s taught me discipline, hard work, teamwork, being dependable, being available, how to be a leader, how to work past adversity. Just so many things that you use in your everyday life. And you can’t take that for granted. So maybe my son doesn’t end up being a professional athlete, maybe he never even plays a sport, but I wouldn’t hold him back from something that’s been so great to me.”
This is the real reason why so many men get so filled with rage at sexually experienced women. And of course, it’s the real reason so many women feel compelled to lie about their number.
This has nothing to do, by the way, with asking about sexual health. It’s a great idea to talk about sexually transmitted infections; it’s a great idea for a new couple to get tested before having unprotected sex. We have a right to know if a potential partner has herpes. But the exact number itself is altogether different.
When we’re in a monogamous relationship, what we have a right to insist on is that no names get added to the list after our own. It doesn’t matter if I’m number five or 55. I’ll be crushed if my wife adds a number six or a 56 behind my back.
"I've actually got my [championship] ring fitted for my middle finger, so they can kiss that one," Bogut said.
Ruby tiredly got up and yawned, saying, "Another mission, sir?"
"If not, THEN STOP IT! Either you two stop arguing, or I will have you BOTH court-martialed for obstructing us from carrying out our mission objectives!" Ruby then broke down in tears, sobbing uncontrollably. "I just want my big sister and my best friend to all get along like we used to... Is that too much to ask? What happened to us? What the fuck happened to us?"
Yang began to form tears in her eyes and said, "Sis..." She then walked up to her and hugged her as she also began to cry. "I... I'm... I'm so sorry I let that get between us... All of us... It's all my fault..."
"One example of how he impacted students would be a man who, when he first got here, was not a good fighter or leader at all. He had no control over his semblance or aura, and he reportedly faked his transcripts. Oobleck himself pointed out how he often did not pay attention in his class. Eventually, after improving his skills in his first year, Oobleck offered to give this man extra help outside of class. Multiple times, I let them fight Grimm by themselves in Emerald Forest. They ended up scoring many kills together. Today, this man is Lieutenant Jaune Arc, and he graduated at the number 22 spot in his class out of 678 students, an impressive feat considering he was at the very bottom when he first started." The audience then cheered and applauded.
The girls then all ran out of the apartment and down the stairs to the first floor. As they left the building, they saw the ambulance pull out from the Vigilant fire station. They ran like hell down the street to the station alongside several other volunteers as Car 5 sped past them. As the girls got their gear on, Ren ran into the station as well.
Iomhair Rolfe, driving the truck said, "We got a working one, fellas!"
“Don’t ever let it get into the water to begin with,” Taylor said.
The annual circus trip will span from November 21-30. The Bulls will get a crack at Denver, Portland, the Clippers, Utah, Detroit and will wrap up against the Cavs. My early estimate is that the Bulls will go 5-1, but I’m pretty irrationally excited and could be talked into a 75 win season.
"Wait, were they founding a movement or deciding what toppings to get on their pizza?" asked Bee. "Now they just needed to tell the rest of us that abortion was bad."
Once cleared to fly one class of aircraft, pilots could be asked to ferry any plane in that class even if they had never seen that type of aircraft before. To do so they had Ferry Pilot Notes, a two-ring book of small cards with the critical statistics and notations necessary to ferry each aircraft. A pilot cleared on more than one class could be asked to fly an aircraft in any of the categories on which he or she was qualified. Thus, even a pilot cleared to fly four-engined bombers could be assigned to fly a single-engined trainer if scheduling made this the most efficient way to get the aircraft to its destination.
Blood flow restriction (BFR) training involves cutting off venous blood flow out of a limb, but still allowing arterial blood flow into a limb, resulting in the best pump of your life. Because of the massive pump you get from BFR training, people assume it’s the bee’s knees for hypertrophy. However, thus far, it doesn’t seem to cause any more growth than conventional, heavy training. The biggest benefit of BFR training actually seems to be notable increases in strength when it’s added to heavy training. It causes a high degree of muscle activation (rivaling heavy lifting) and causes virtually no muscle damage, making it essentially “free” volume to help you get stronger without compromising recovery. There are a few more cool benefits, including enhancing recovery from training, and reducing atrophy when you’re injured.
Use a light load. It should be a weight you can get for 30-40 reps when you’re fresh (~20-30% of your 1rm is what’s used most often in the research). Pump out as many reps as you can, rest for about 30 seconds, and pump out some more reps. 3-4 sets with short rest, totaling 60-100 reps is what’s done most often in the literature. In some of the studies, the wraps are removed between sets, and in some, they’re left on between sets (bro-tip: it’s much more convenient to just leave them on between sets and admire all of your bulging blood vessels).
When people try it for the first time, they assume that it must be god’s gift to hypertrophy training. That’s what most people use it for – to get jacked. However, it has other uses that go far beyond hypertrophy and, arguably, hypertrophy isn’t even the biggest benefit you can get from BFR.
But, before we get into the effects of BFR training, let’s backtrack a bit, and take a look at why and how it works.
When taking an aerial view, BFR training and conventional training have pretty similar effects. The fact that you get similar hypertrophy from low-load BFR training isn’t overly surprising, in light of the fact that number of hard sets is the main determinant of hypertrophy, but the fact that the strength effects are similar is surprising, since generally training intensity (the percentage of your 1rm you’re training with) is an important determinant of strength gains. More on that a bit later.
Over the course of the study, the athletes’ arms and legs got bigger, and their chests didn’t, but there were no significant differences in hypertrophy between the training protocols.
When you think through it, though, it makes sense. Plenty of things make muscle grow; tension, volume, metabolite accumulation, muscle damage, etc. With low-load BFR, tension is lower, metabolite accumulation is high, but not any higher than conventional training for 10+ reps, and there’s very, very little muscle damage that takes place. It gives you a solid growth stimulus, but nothing that you can’t also get from just picking up heavy stuff, and when you add it to a program that revolves around picking up heavy stuff, it doesn’t seem to offer any additional hypertrophy benefits.
When you add it to heavy training, it makes you stronger than heavy training alone. It’s not just a matter of getting stronger from adding extra training volume because it beats out low-load training without BFR. It’s incredibly easy to recover from since it causes essentially no muscle damage. (note: you may very well get sore the first couple of times you do it, simply due to novelty; this should go away pretty quickly, though) Because it also causes high muscle activation, it also aids in the neural side of strength development. Its effects are very similar to heavy training, and O’halloran even showed that you can replace a hefty amount of heavy training with low-load BFRs and get the same increases in strength.
You can almost think of it as “free” volume. You get all the upside of lifting heavy, but it’s way easier to recover from. You can add low-load BFR to your current training program to get stronger, faster without compromising recovery. Or, if you’re having issues with recovery, you can sub out some (not all) of your heavy training for low-load BFR and get the same strength increases without taxing your ability to recover to nearly the same degree.
BFR can also decrease muscle atrophy when you’re injured, and speed up the recovery of strength when you can get back to training. In one study, BFR (multiple sets of 5 minutes of occlusion, without exercise) significantly decreased muscle atrophy of the quads and hamstrings during the post-operative period following ACL reconstruction. In another, low-load BFR training helped people get muscle and strength back faster than training without BFR during the reconditioning phase following ACL reconstruction. Low-load BFR training can be a godsend to people dealing with or recovering from injuries. BFR without training can keep you from losing as much muscle if you’re so jacked up you can’t do anything (of course, consult with a physical therapist first), and low-load BFR training can help you maintain muscle and strength if you have aches and pains you need to train around. If you want to read more about how to progress from totally-jacked-up to picking-up-heavy-stuff-again, I’d strongly recommend this review.
Interestingly, it seems that the additive increase in strength only applies to well-trained athletes. One study on untrained folks found that adding low-intensity BFR training to heavier training didn’t increase strength gains. It could be that untrained people are already getting all the strength benefits they could possibly get just from picking up heavy stuff, but that more well-trained people have that capacity for greater increases in strength that don’t manifest themselves because further increases in heavy training would compromise their ability to recover (since their training is already inherently more stressful). That seems plausible enough to me.
People get leery of BFR because cutting off blood flow just seems like it would be dangerous. However, rates of adverse effects are exceptionally low, even in diseased and at-risk populations. You can completely cut off blood flow to a limb for over an hour without any long-term risks, and with BFR training, you’re still allowing arterial blood flow, so you could likely occlude venous blood flow for even longer (though I wouldn’t recommend it).
The thinner the device for cutting off venous blood flow, the better off you are. With thicker wraps, you run a greater risk of cutting off arterial blood flow. I generally use the resistance bands you can find in most gyms that some middle-aged women use for biceps curls. I get weird looks when I raid the BodyPump room in the middle of a class, but #yolo. Knee wraps can do the job as well, but bands are a better option if they’re available to you.
Pick up heavy stuff as you generally would. You don’t need to really change your program to add low-load BFR since it’s exceptionally easy to recover from. After your heavy sets, do 3-4 sets of 15-40 reps with 20-30% of your max with BFR, resting about 30 seconds between sets. Whether you leave the wraps on between sets or take them off is up to you, but leaving them on seems to be better for muscle activation, and they’re annoying to take off and put back on between sets anyways. This works really well for squat and bench (or you could do leg press and DB press after your squat and bench work, if you prefer). Whether it helps the deadlift or not hasn’t been examined in the literature, and anecdotally, it doesn’t seem to help out your hammies as much as your quads. Though not required, I’d strongly recommend you also bust out a sweet superset or five for your arms. Who cares if science says it won’t make your arms grow any faster than regular curls and triceps extensions? You get the same hypertrophy effect, but you get it by way of stupidly awesome pumps, which is a benefit in and of itself.
The future killer was hearing voices and speaking to rocks by the time she was 17, developing an obsession with druids and a belief birds were people coming to get her.
"It breaks my heart to see the lack of opportunity for young people," she said. "All these people using their skills to build this movement are building a resume. Even if they can't get a job."
The Occupy movement is too focused on reforming government without trying to get rid of it, he said.
"When he was drunk you could smell him coming in. Not only myself, other boys used to get it too.
Sulli also posted a selfie on her personal Instagram and wrote, “I got hurt by accident. I’m sorry for making you worry!” to reassure her fans.
It's been a real joy re-experiencing classic titles from Sega's past. With the recent releases of Outrun and Fantasy Zone II bringing back some serious nostalgia trips, the folks at Sega have still got plenty of 3D remasters in store. Though the spring phase of Sega's 3D Classics series is drawing to a close, there's still one more title in the wings, and that's the return of the underrated and super enjoyable Thunder Blade.
Much like Outrun, the 3D release of Thunder Blade has seen some time on the market overseas, but the Western crowd is now finally going to get a taste of the action on May 14. Just before its debut, I got to experience a special hands-on look with the title, along with a quick chat with producer Yosuke Okunari. And we got to learn what was like porting this unique arcade shooter to the handheld.
He got the virtual sword at an auction to celebrate the launch of a highly anticipated game called Age of Wulin. Set in ancient China, the players would be able to ramble through a beautifully detailed world crouching the tiger and hiding the dragon. Other items sold include a sheath for Hook of Departure—sold for $1,600—and a Lordly Spear Sheath—sold for $2,500.
Everybody who likes pirates (and who doesn't like pirates?) has a pitch for the ideal game about them. We carry our imaginary game around with us, close to our rum-soaked hearts. It's got to be open world of course, because what's the point of the horizon if you can't have it brought to you? The romance of being a pirate is all about freedom.
And, more to the point, it's a game from 1987. It's been remade since then, in 1993 and again in 2004, but it still has very little competition. If you want to get your pirate on with something newer you have to play Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag and slog through all of the assassin bits so you can unlock the half of the game you actually want: boarding ships and listening to sea shanties. But as great as it is to hit rough water and hear the crew of the Jackdaw launch into “It's stormy weather boys, stormy weather/When the wind blows we're all together, boys,” Black Flag isn't going to let you profit from manipulating trade conditions. It's just not that kind of game.
The MMO Pirates Of The Burning Sea is that kind of game. Its player-driven economy is detailed enough that you can have your own plots of land producing resources like iron ore which you manufacture into nails before selling them to another player who owns a shipyard. It's also got a fine ship-to-ship combat system for getting the wind in your sails and opening fire on someone who has a hold full of nails if you'd rather be a straight-up buccaneer than a manufacturer who also occasionally pirates it up.
There are plenty of other games about pirates and Steam is full of cutthroat simulators, many of them products of Early Access. But just like Black Flag or Pirates Of The Burning Sea there's always something missing, something holding them back from fulfilling our hopes and living up to that dream pitch of being a truly well-rounded pirate. They may start with positive feedback from the most involved community members, but once more players get involved their ratings drop—Blood & Gold: Caribbean, Naval Action, Pixel Piracy, they're all trending down towards a 'mixed' rating in the harsh waters of Steam community reviews.
We're a judgmental bunch. I'd make a joke about pirate fans liking to make underwhelming games walk the plank, but then I'd get a bunch of judgmental comments about how walking the plank's unhistorical. We may like Monkey Island but we still want more than just a pirate costume draped on another genre. We see a ship and we get our hopes up, setting ourselves up for disappointment. Take a look at Sunless Sea, which isn't even about piracy though you can dabble in it. It's a game about story, as much a text adventure as a naval adventure, but there's still a cranky subset of its players upset by the fact its trade side is underdeveloped. Give us a ship and a set of ports and we want to start manipulating their economies for our benefit even in a game that's really about earning eerie stories rather than loot.
Rare’s ambition for its upcoming online pirate game Sea of Thieves actually highlights why it’s so difficult to make a truly satisfying one. “Everyone’s got an idea of what pirates do,” design director Gregg Mayles told us at E3. “Everyone knows they go after treasure. You don’t need to be told how to sail a ship or climb to the crow’s nest and use a telescope.”
"It’s tough. It’s just extra work, stuff on top of what we practice," Romine said. "I’ll practice with the infielders but then either before, 7:30-8 o’clock in the morning or now, when we get done, I’ll be out there doing outfield stuff."
"Clarkie’s kicking our butts," Romine said. "I think he secretly loves to kill us out there, which is good for us because we get a lot of good work in."
"But that's not my decision, I've got to work with what I've got.
"The very lightweight thing you can buy in Harvey Norman or any toyshop somewhere, am I going to go out and tell that guy or woman to get an operators certificate? I can't write a regulation I know I can't enforce – I can. But it's bad law," John McComick says.
If a drone is used to assist in the rescue of the drowning swimmer, perhaps widespread acceptance will follow. But if a multi-rotor gets sucked into the engine of an Airbus on take-off from Mascot, we may well see drone control right up there alongside gun control.
Off-peak Metro fare is $2.25, peak is up to $3; the highest ST express fare is $3.50. Most other local bus services will be less than Metro. ORCA already provides a two-hour transfer window, and paper transfers are often cut much more generously. You have to ride a lot of transit trips, spaced out through the day, to add up to more than $9. Local riders will already be quite familiar with paying as they normally do, and if it doesn’t make financial sense, they won’t use day-passes, even if they were ubiquitously available. As they will require going out of the way, to a Metro sale partner, I suspect few locals will find them attractive. The card+fare cost is uncompetitive for weekend or convention visitors. $14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle.
$14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle. There’s no disposable-ORCA option, which would be useful regardless of the price premium. If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means.
Is this just a negative result of bureaucracy? Or is Calgary Parks trying to get rid of us. Because right now they are acting like a partner who wants to break up me but would rather manipulate me into doing it for them.
"I was in a lot of pain and discomfort for a long time, but it gradually got better day-by-day," he said.
Lots of people begin OKAY in the wheels, considering the actual Canyon isn’t actually which large of the offer. These people begin without having sufficient drinking water as well as without having sufficient of the mind start heat from the day time. As soon as lower within the Great Canyon, they are devoted to possibly dealing with drinking water or even obtaining back again away. Once the warmth strikes, most of them have not managed to get in order to possibly.
he has time. Jordan’s 15-season career was shortened by his brief baseball stint, so if he stays healthy, LeBron very well could have a longer NBA career than Jordan did. LeBron has his work cut out for him to get on Michael’s level here. But in the nine-plus seasons that LeBron has been in the NBA, he not only has room before he catches up to Jordan, but. Jordan’s 15-season career was shortened by his brief baseball stint, so if he stays healthy, LeBron very well could have a longer NBA career than Jordan did.
For those very reasons, I’ll take LeBron’s Game 6 performance over Jordan’s Game 2 or flu game. As for “clutch” storybook endings, LeBron and Jordan both have theirs. Somehow this is a requirement to be considered the greatest of all time because you need a moment that even non-basketball fans can say ‘wow, that guy is special.’ Jordan’s got the crossover of Bryon Russell when he sunk the free throw line jumper in the 1998 NBA Finals and LeBron’s got the fade-away three-pointer at the end of regulation in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals.
Much of the 1960s redevelopment of Manchester's city centre was unpopular with residents. Market Street, near the explosion and at that time the second-busiest shopping street in the UK, was considered by some commentators a "fearful" place, to be "avoided like the plague". Until Margaret Thatcher's third consecutive election victory in 1987, the staunchly Labour-controlled Manchester Council believed that Manchester's regeneration should be funded solely by public money, despite the government's insistence on only funding schemes with a significant element of private investment. Graham Stringer, leader of Manchester City Council, later admitted that after the 1987 General Election result "there was no get out of jail card. We had gambled on Labour winning the General Election and we lost." Thatcher's victory effectively put paid to Manchester's "socialist experiment", and Stringer shortly afterwards wrote a letter of capitulation to Nicholas Ridley, then Secretary of State for the Environment, saying, "in a nutshell; OK, you win, we'd like to work together with you".
Efforts at improvement before the bombing had in some respects made matters worse, cutting off the area north of the Arndale Centre – the exterior of which was widely unloved – from the rest of the city centre. A large building nearby, now redeveloped as The Printworks and formerly occupied by the Daily Mirror newspaper, had been unoccupied since 1987. Many locals therefore considered that "the bomb was the best thing that ever happened to Manchester",[85] as it cleared the way for redevelopment of the dysfunctional city centre, a view also expressed in 2007 by Terry Rooney, MP for Bradford North. The leader of the Liberal Democrat opposition on Manchester City Council, Simon Ashley, responded that "I take exception to his [Rooney's] comments about the IRA bomb. No one who was in the city on that day, who lost their jobs or was scared witless or injured by the blast, would say the bomb was the best thing to happen to Manchester".[86] Sir Gerald Kaufman, MP for Manchester Gorton, stated that the bomb provided the opportunity for redeveloping Manchester city centre, although it was not fully exploited. "The bomb was obviously bad but from a redevelopment point of view, it was a lost opportunity. While the area around St Ann's Square and Deansgate is not disagreeable, if you compare it with Birmingham and its exciting development, we've got nothing to touch that in Manchester".[86] Howard Bernstein, chief executive of Manchester City Council, has been quoted as saying "people say the bomb turned out to be a great thing for Manchester. That's rubbish." There was already substantial regeneration and redevelopment taking place in the city centre before the bombing, in support of the Manchester bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics, its second Olympic bid. Tom Bloxham, chairman of property development group Urban Splash and of the Arts Council England (North West), agreed with Bernstein that the bomb attack was not the trigger for the large-scale redevelopment that has taken place in Manchester since the early 1990s:
"Property records, particularly in the developing world, are notoriously subject to hacking," Oliver Goodenough, a professor at Vermont Law School, observed in an interview. "Honduras got money to do an electronic record land registry, but when they were done, many key properties were held by relatives of people who set up the ledger. Now, a contract was awarded to a company in Texas to set up a blockchain-based property system."
Given how blockchain technology has matured in recent years, Goodenough says it's just going to require hard work to get it into use -- and he hopes that Vermont will be a leader in that area.
I don’t often make layer cakes, I find them too much to eat and can occasionally be just a little bit too dry for my liking. Hence why I tend to make traybake’s, snack cakes and cupcakes. It’s just a personal preference of mine. But I got it into my head that I wanted a layer cake. Banana cake is almost always a moist cake but it can make a sponge dense and heavy.
Weingarten may get her wish next fall.
“How as a small business do you hire the lawyers to appeal this and change public opinion to get the laws changed when Congress doesn’t even know what is going on?” Mr. Levison said.
Keeping with what has almost become a Technibble tradition, its time again to take a peek at the Technibble forum members workbenches. Its a great way for technicians to get inspiration for your own setups, see how others are doing it and for the owners to show off a little.
Its not much, but it gets the job done
Here’s an update now that my room is pretty well 95% finished. Fully functional now. Only thing left to do is put up a couple more shelves, and get electricity to the wall to the left in the first pic. Until then it’s still a great space for things like laptop disassembly.
This is my own little dark and dank corner of the world. This is in my basement, and I had a fluorescent bulb go out on me this morning, so its not always so depressing looking in there. I am in the process of building a 20″ long bench to the right of the wooden door in the pic. I’ll probably convert the space my bench is in now to shelving, get all the machines of the floor.
"It looked like it was on its approach," Molendyk said. "There was motor sound and people looked up and it got into trouble and came through the fence and into the trees here."
Since the last time Jon checked in on the increasingly sprawling Republican field for President, several more also-rans joined in: cherub Tennesse Williams character Lindsey Graham, frothy SEO disaster Rick Santorum, the forgotten George Pataki, and 19th century orientalist and cartoonishly evil corporate overlord Carly Fiorina. But one, in particular, Donald Trump, really gave the Daily Show host pause. After the Donald's smug, trolly face came on screen, Stewart paused, bit his fist and exclaimed, "No, no I've made up my mind… God, maybe I'll get a twitter account."
According San Francisco Chronicle reporter Rachel Swan, the ordinance creating the office passed on the same day as the municipal budget, which earmarks funds to get the office off the ground:
There are two logical reasons for this. First, from what Behind The B showed us last season, Jim Benning was a key voice in the Bruins’ front office in regards to the Tyler Seguin trade. Assuming this wasn’t a one-time occurrence, it seems that Benning was and had been heavily involved in trade negotiations alongside Chiarelli. Odds are he was a facilitator leading up to the deadline, and there’s a good chance that Benning wanted Edler on his team. Now that Jim has him, why give Edler up? Remember, the Canucks may have been sellers last season due to their record, but if they can get their goaltending situation figured out, there’s plenty of firepower in their arsenal to make them a playoff threat in the West next season. Dumping Edler would hurt that cause.
Joan Goodman: I began to focus on charter schools when the first Mastery Charter School was started in Philadelphia. These were supposed to be experimental schools which would have a variety of new approaches and they’d get rid of bureaucracy and we’d see all kinds of novel approaches to children. But particularly in terms of the charter management organizations they haven’t provided much variety—they’re all strikingly similar to one another. These schools have a very clear philosophy about what they’re trying to do, how they’re trying to do it, what they think is necessary, who they read, who their leaders are. And they’re explicit in describing it. The combination of the uniformity across these different schools and their explicitness about what they’re doing and why they’re doing it makes it easier to get hold of this movement than it is with say, public schools in a city or a school district where there’s so much variety and there isn’t a single philosophy.
Goodman: I’m the academic director of our Teach for America program at UPenn and our TFA students are teachers in these schools. So I can go in to look at what our students and their teachers are doing, and then students tell me a lot about what’s going on. I have also done a good bit of visiting. The charters are hospitable to that. A lot of this is anecdotal, and much is based on what the schools have written, which is public. My work is investigative, I think, more than formal research. But you’re right—it takes a huge effort to try to get into these schools for any systematic research. They don’t welcome outsiders to study them. And they have a point. What academics do when they go in is criticize, and you can see why they might not like that. I think they’ll let just about anybody in for a visit. But to go in and have the schools really cooperate with an investigator, that’s a whole lot harder. What are the day-to-day processes that are happening in the classroom? How do teachers feel about these processes? How much range of behavior is there? It would be great to be able to investigate these sorts of questions, but the schools wouldn’t welcome that.
Goodman: In order to maximize academic accomplishment, no time can be wasted and anything that’s not academically targeted, that’s not geared to what the students have to know, is time wasted. So there is almost no opportunity for play, for relaxation, very little time for extra-curricular activities. The day is jammed with academics, especially math and reading because that’s what gets tested. The view of time and strict discipline are related, by the way; in order to get these kids to attend over very long hours—they have extended days and extended weeks—you have to be tough with the kids, really severe. They want these kids to understand that when authority speaks you have to follow because that’s basic to learning. So they don’t have the notion of learning that more progressive educators have, that learning is a very active enterprise and that children have to be very participatory and thinking and speaking and discussing and sharing and having initiative. That’s not their view of learning. It’s too variable across teachers, the objectives are too non-specific, and time is wasted.
Goodman: These schools believe that behaviors that you might not think are directly related to academic learning can have a domino effect if left unaddressed. Getting up from your chair to go to the bathroom without explicit permission, for example, or not having your hands folded on your desk, or not looking at the teacher every minute, or not having your feet firmly planted on each side of the center of the desk are problematic behaviors. Because if you don’t conform to these rules then you are going to precipitate the next domino and the next domino. It’s going to have a cascading effect on your behavior and pretty soon you’re going to be very disruptive. If you get up to sharpen your pencil, maybe you’re going to throw your pencil at someone. Or if you get up and get something out of your backpack that you forgot, maybe you’re going to elbow another student on your way back to your seat, or make eye contact with them and divert them from looking at the teacher. Any one of these little behaviors they see as leading to the next behavior. Before you know it there will be bedlam.
ES: Does the emphasis on discipline diminish as kids get older?
Goodman: Well yes—as kids learn and adapt to this regime there’s less time spent on discipline. It takes a while for the kids to adapt to this because it’s so out of their experience. The older kids are still getting merits and demerits all the way through high school, though. In some schools they wear these lanyards that get marked, and when they accumulate a certain number of demerits things happen to them. By 12th grade, the kids are almost giving the demerits to themselves, they’re so accustomed by this point. You might think that if this is still going on in 12th grade, then the kids can’t have internalized all of this very well, but they do get used to it. They do adapt.
Goodman: One thing about these atmospheres is that they’re very uniform. Everybody is on board—you don’t have variability from teacher to teacher or class to class. The atmosphere is totalizing. And the children tend to model themselves after this authority. It has that effect on kids, that they identify with the rules of the regime and their identity becomes *a kid in this school who conforms to these rules.* Now some of the students, of course, don’t conform to the rules, and I think that if you get the kids later in life it’s much harder. But if you get them early, you develop their sense of self that accords with those of the authority. The adults know everything, they know nothing. Here’s what’s good, here’s what’s right. You’ll be successful and happy if you take on these characteristics. Without these rules you’ll be bad or impulsive and you’ll destroy your future. You may not be having fun but you’re doing what’s important. We know best. And the kids come to believe that. As the social psychologists have shown, in totalizing environments, that’s often the result. They call it “identification with the oppressor.” Here oppressor should be changed to authority. There is very, very strong authority in these schools. The teachers are novice teachers, so they get molded too. I don’t think you could take highly experienced teachers—20 years of running a classroom—and put them into these schools and have the same kind of experience. It’s a really interesting study to see how both the teachers and the kids get acculturated.
I haven’t stopped throwing for way over a year now. I thought it was real important to rest that. I’ve been working out real hard, trying to get stronger right now. Working to maintain the conditioning level.
DC: You know, I did. They all know you, but they don’t KNOW you yet. They don’t know what you really have deep down inside. When something goes wrong, or if you get banged up, how is he going to respond? All those things. You do your best to fight through those things. Sometimes there are things you can’t fight through. Like when I got my concussion against Detroit in the preseason. That’s something I couldn’t help. I tried to fight through it, but I couldn’t walk right. So I knew I was done for that game. (chuckles)
DC: That’s another example. Seattle got that onside kick against Green Bay, if we get our on side kick, we get the ball and we are trying to drive to win it. That’s how close these games are.
Also I learned, we’re actually starting something really good here. The record might not show it, but people who pay attention to us and who know the Raiders, like yourself, you understand what we’re doing and what we’re building. Its going to take time, but our mindset is, we are trying to be playing at this time next year. We think that we can do that, obviously we have to add some pieces and keep working, and hopefully we are going to get there.
People don’t really necessarily pay attention to those things, and its sad. I know this league, and the only thing that matters is wins, so the fact that we can look back on it and say “hey, we did some pretty good things against some great defenses” that’s all good and well, but we know that all that matters is the wins. So we got to watch that film and try to push ourselves to be better next year knowing that in all honesty we played one of the best schedules you could ever play. We have a lot of confidence going forward, but that schedule was really good for us.
DC: He’s awesome. Just to watch a guy at his age run around playing like he’s 24 years old. No one questions him losing a step, no one questioned his ability to practice every day. The guy practiced every day. Played hard every single day, worked out every time. Never missed a meeting, never missed anything. He doesn’t know everything, but its pretty darn close. He knows a lot about this game, and watching him wanting to learn and get better, its an inspiration for us young guys. Its something we need, and we need to see.
Once you get to know these fans, once you get around them, I can tell you I never want to play anywhere else. I hope I play here for the rest of my career. I love these fans, I love playing for Mr. Davis. God has been good to me, to allow me to play here, so I’m very thankful to be here. I think the fans are really what make it, the passion they have. No matter what we are doing, no matter how many wins or losses, to come running back on the field and hear the fans cheering for me. To come running out of tunnel and hear them go crazy even though we only have two (eventually three after the home finale) wins on the season. It’s really amazing, and I love them to death.
There have been efforts by private companies recently that have shown promise, such as the case of HyperSolar, which had come close to developing technology to successfully split water into its base elements. Although they didn’t quite get there, the research from Australia is simply the next step in developing the technology. As ExtremeTech explains, the major interest in hydrogen stems from its versatility; unlike solar power, it presents an energy source that can be successfully stored and transported, all while providing no negative impact environmentally while it is produced.
While there is still some work to be done, there are plenty of reasons to get excited by this latest breakthrough in biomimicry. If the technology can be successfully developed and methods for distributing it are in place, hydrogen may finally be able to solve the world’s energy issues in a cheap and easy way.
But they also raised a lot of questions, from the complex to the simple: Who leaked the documents? How did we get into this situation in the first place? And what the hell is a shell company to begin with? While financial transparency remains a mainstay of many prominent world leaders' political platforms, the Panama Papers proved that international tax structures allow for widespread secrecy. Here's how:
Tax havens are also counter to ideals of financial transparency. One chief purpose of shell companies is to maintain the anonymity of the real owner, which has the potential to lead to even shadier things than tax avoidance. Tax havens are often seen as breeding grounds for criminal activity. When countries do not require companies to report financial records, it makes it really easy to mask illegal activities. This is the scene in the movies when the rich guy in a silk robe gets arrested for laundering money through his private Cayman Island resort.
In the end, tax havens make inequality worse, Zucman told Vox's Libby Nelson: They make it easier for the rich to get richer by avoiding taxes. They make it harder to redistribute their wealth. And people who aren't sheltering their assets end up paying more in taxes to make up for the untaxed money that's being held offshore.
5) How did we get into this situation in the first place? Is a trade deal with Panama to blame?
"We make an assessment of the information that we have and decided to get the Defence Force to neutralise the item."
"BlackBerry is proud to partner with T-Mobile once again to offer the world's most secure and reliable mobile products and services that encourage productivity--whether they are individual users making the most of their day with the BlackBerry Classic, or an enterprise seeking to manage thousands of devices," BlackBerry CEO John Chen added. "Together with T-Mobile, we hope to deliver highly differentiated solutions that appeal to our mutual users: the power professionals who depend on their smartphones to get things done and make things happen."
Henry VIII (1509–1547) is one of England's more interesting monarchs, not just for having married six times, but numismatically too. Henry's first coinage, to 1526, resembled that of his father and still used his father's portrait. With higher bullion prices on the continent, the weight of the silver coins was reduced again. Pennies were minted at the London, Canterbury, and Durham mints. With the reformation starting in the 1530s, the principal effect as far as the coinage was concerned was the closure of the ecclesiastical mints of Canterbury, Durham and York — in future all mints would be Royal mints, under the control of the crown who would consequently get all the revenue. The second coinage, of 1526–1544 had a completely different inscription, H.D.G. ROSA SIE SPIA — Henry by the grace of God a rose without a thorn. At this time the pound standard for mintage was changed from the local Tower pound to the internationally known troy pound; therefore, the value of a pennyweight increased from 1.46 grams to 1.56 grams. The coins were minted at London, and the Canterbury, Durham and York ecclesiastical mints.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
But it’s a feature of much mainstream journalism in the US, not just an issue of coverage during the last three weeks of the Gaza crisis, that while one set of questions gets asked all the time, the other is heard hardly at all.
All appearances by Palestinian officials were outnumbered by interviews with a single man: Israel’s former ambassador to the US, Michael Oren, whom CNN hired as a Middle East analyst earlier this year. The network presents Oren as a kind of neutral interpreter, when just a few months ago he was vigorously defending Israel on behalf of Netanyahu’s government. His limited value as an analyst was swiftly exposed by his assertion that Hamas was trying to get Israel to kill as many Palestinian children as possible as part of a media strategy.
But that does not fit with the views of leading politicians back in Israel. Naftali Bennett, the economy minister and leader of the most powerful political party on the right, has said: “I will do everything in my power to make sure [the Palestinians] never get a state.”
Perhaps none of these men will get what they want. But they hold important levers of power, and good journalism would seem to demand that probing questions get asked about where Israel is headed under such leadership.
Sure, you’ll make new friends in the future—at work, through your spouse, through your kids—but you won’t get to that Tier 1 brothers level, or even to Tier 2, with very many of them, because people who meet as adults don’t tend to get through the 100+ long, lazy hangouts needed to reach a bond of that strength. As time goes on, you start to realize that the 20-year frenzy of not-especially-thought-through haphazard friend-making you just did was the critical process of you making most of your lifelong friends.
As time goes on, most of us tend to have fewer friends in Quadrants 2-4, because A) people mature, and B) people have more self-respect and higher standards for what they’ll deal with as they get older. But the fact is, friendships made in the formative years often stick, whether they’re ideal or not, leaving most of us with a portion of our Tier 1 and Tier 2 friendships that just don’t make that much sense. We’ll get to the great, Quadrant 1 friendships later in the post, but in order to treat those relationships properly, we need to take a thorough look at the odd ones first. Here are 10 common ones—
In almost every group of friends, there’s one pair who can’t ever be alone together. It’s not that they dislike each other—they might get along great—it’s just that they have no individual friendship with each other whatsoever. This leaves both of them petrified of the lumbering elephant that appears in the room anytime they’re alone together. They’re way too on top of shit to ever end up in the car alone together if a group is going somewhere in multiple cars, but there are smaller dangers afoot—like being the first two to arrive at a restaurant or being in a group of three when the third member goes to the bathroom.
What these all have in common is the friend has tall walls up, at least toward you, and so she builds a little skit for you two to hang out in to make sure any authentic connection can be avoided. Sometimes that person only does this out of her own social anxiety and can become a great, authentic friend if you can just stomp through the ice. Other times, the person is just hopelessly scared and closed off and there’s no hope and you have to get out.
Think of a friend you get together with from time to time, which usually happens after a long and lackluster email or text exchange during which you just can’t find a time that works for both of you—and you’re never really happy when these plans are being made and not really psyched when you wake up and it’s finally on your schedule for that day.
There are lopsided situations where one person is far more interested in hanging out than the other (we’ll get to those later), but in the case we’re talking about here, both parties often think it’s a lopsided situation without realizing that the other person actually feels the same way—that’s why it takes so long to schedule a time. When someone’s excited about something, they figure out how to get it into their schedule—when they’re not, they figure out ways to push it farther into the future.
If you’re on the if only side of things, probably the right move is to get your fucking shit together? Ya know? This friendship is one long, continuous rejection of you as a human being, and you’re just wallowing there in your yearning like a sobbing little seal. Plus, duh, if you gather your self-respect and move on with your life, it’ll raise their perception of your value and they might actually become interested in you.
Whatever the reason, if you have a Frenemy in your life, kick her toxic ass off your mountain, or at least kick her down the mountain—just get her off of Tier 1. A Frenemy has about a tenth of the power to hurt you from Tier 2 as she does from Tier 1.
A near 50/50 friendship is ideal, but anything out to 65/35 is fine and can often be attributed to two different styles of personality. It’s when the number gap gets even wider that something less healthy is going on—something that doesn’t reflect very well on either party.
Another interesting litmus test is what I call the “mood determiner test.” This comes into play when two friends get together but they’re in very different moods—the idea is, whose mood “wins” and determines the mood of the hangout. If Person A is in a bad mood, Person B is in a good mood, and Person B reacts by being timid and respectful of Person A’s mood, leaving the vibe down there until Person A snaps out of it on her own—but when the moods are reversed, Person B quickly disregards her own bad mood and acts more cheerful to match Person A’s happy mood—and this is how it always goes—then Person A is in a serious power position.
There’s something I call the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap. When you haven’t seen a good friend in a long time, the first order of business is a big catch-up—you want to know what’s going on in their career, with their girlfriend, with their family, etc., and they want to catch up on your life. In theory, once this happens, you can go back to just hanging out, shooting the shit, and actually being in the friendship. The problem is, when you don’t make enough time for good friends, seeing them only for a meal and not that often—you end up spending each get-together catching up, and you never actually get to just enjoy the friendship or get far past the surface. That’s the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap, and I find myself falling into it with way too many of the rocks in my life.
Now, lest we get carried away with the happy civic results of Starbucks’ global expansion, I hasten to point out that the company isn’t exactly thrilled to have this effect on its local competitors’ sales. Starbucks is actually trying to be ruthless in its store placements; it wants those independents out of the way, and it frequently succeeds at displacing them through other means, such as buying a mom and pop’s lease or intimidating them into selling out. Beyond the frothy drinks and the touchy-feely decor, Starbucks runs on considerable competitive fire. Consider Tracy Cornell, a former Starbucks real-estate dealmaker who found and locked up a staggering 900 North American retail sites for the company in her decade-plus career. “It was sort of piranha-like,” Cornell told me of her work for Starbucks. “It was just talking to landlords, seeing who was behind on their rent. All I needed was an opening like that, where the landlord wanted out. I was looking for tenants who were weak.”
I need some advice... I'm a 29 year old female, college graduate, and firmly situated in a great job. I've been dating my 29 year old boyfriend for a year and a half. I love him and I know he loves me. We have a great relationship, enjoy each other's company, and our families love us and emotionally support us. We both are adults with our own homes. We don't live together. We have friends and hobbies. We're both physically active and take care of our bodies. He gets me and loves me for who I am. He defends me and provides a listening ear when I need it. He also isn't afraid to call me out when I'm wrong. He's become one of my closest friends. I love him for all those things.
He talks about us in futuristic terms. "Our kids, our someday house, our dreams..." I believe he wants a future with me. However, whenever I bring up marriage he gets this "deer in headlights" look. He tells me the thought of marriage frightens and overwhelms him. Those conversation usually end with him frustrated and holding me while I cry. I wouldn't consider myself a clingy or overly emotional woman but when he says those things I get scared. I'm scared on some level of not being enough or unwanted, of being alone for the rest of my life, and of not spending the rest of my life with him. I've stopped bringing it up. I don't want to be a nag and I feel that I shouldn't have to be. Either he loves me and wants to spend his life with me or he doesn't.
My question is this. How long do I wait for him to be ready? Honestly, I feel like the two year mark is the deal maker or breaker. But is that reasonable? I feel like I've been waiting for him... to graduate, to get settled, to become ready... do I keep waiting? I realize, "Love is patient." But how long does one remain patient?
The New York Islanders don’t reveal much information on player injuries. What little we do get is vague. For instance, GM Garth Snow casually dropped that Andrew Ladd was hurting for months, and that was the reason for his scratch. No mention of the specific ailment in his statement. No follow-up from the press.
Where was Arthur Staple on this? I think he does a great job, but if the info is out there for Jim Fox, how can Arthur not stumble upon it? When Staple gets unfairly dumped on for not being more critical he likes to answer that he is a reporter and not a columnist.
But aye, here’s the rub. If this medical information is so closely held, how the hell did Fox get it?
Both Samsung Galaxy Amp Prime and Amp 2 will work with Cricket’s $40, $50 and $60 plans that include unlimited talk, text and data with first 2.5GB, 5GB and 10GB at 4G LTE speeds. The two pricier plans also come with unlimited international texting (SMS only) to 38 countries and unlimited calling, texting (text, picture and video messaging) and data roaming in Mexico and Canada. Customers who enroll in auto pay will receive a $5 monthly discount so they can get Cricket plans for $35, $45 and $55 per month.
In 2006, Florida began the season unranked. But with the emergence of Noah, Brewer and Horford along with Green and his back court mate, sharpshooter Lee Humphrey, the Gators got off to a 22-0 start. They went into the SEC Tournament as one of a handful of teams that had a shot to win it, but they won their second in a row, beating the South Carolina Gamecocks in the Final. They then went to the NCAA Tournament as a number three seed and went all the way to school’s first national championship. Noah was a sure #1 pick as he was named the Most Outstanding Player of the tournament.
Coach Billy Donovan got his “Big Four” together after the tournament and told them they had a chance to do something special in repeating as national champs. Noah’s first reaction, understandably, was “I’m about to go get PAID!” But Brewer talked his mates into returning to school to go for the repeat.
If the vote is taken and the bill goes down, it will be a tremendous political embarrassment to the new administration. But if this gambit works, it will be remembered as a bold legislative play that paid off — albeit in the service of a deeply flawed and extremely unpopular bill that may never get out of the Senate.
Then when leaders are confident they have or are close to getting juuust enough votes to get the bill through, they actually hold the vote. Nancy Pelosi, for one, was a master of this strategy during her speakership, which resulted in several very narrow House victories on top Obama agenda items in his first two years.
Why most leaders get the votes before taking the vote
In both cases, many of those Democrats then lost their seats — and their party lost the House — in the next midterm election. (“Getting BTUed” briefly became a fairly common phrase on the Hill.) And both of those bills at least got through the House; casting a vote for an unpopular proposal that ends up failing in the House seems like even more pointless.
Savvy party leaders want to avoid that bad outcome, so they generally try to only hold a tough vote if they’re confident they can get the bill across the finish line, at least in their chamber.
The researchers built an Android app that captured data from the accelerometer, gyroscope, and front-facing camera of the Google Glass device; in order to get a range of physiological parameters, study participants wore it as they stood, sat, and lay motionless, and then again after riding an exercise bike. Researchers then isolated and extracted heart- and respiration-rate data from the accelerometer and gyroscope readings, and tracked motion in the video by noting pixel displacement over time. They then used this data to extract heart and respiration information.
There are plenty of challenges ahead. The researchers still need to test their work with big motions, such as walking around, to see if they can get the same level of accuracy. And it may be difficult to convince people to wear Google Glass in the first place, let alone track their body’s signals with the device. At $1,500, the device is about 15 times more expensive than most fitness trackers, and its in-your-face style is polarizing.
According to Ruiu (@dragosr on twitter), BadBIOS is a rootkit that can infect computers without bluetooth, ethernet, or Wi-Fi. Instead it can infect other computers by emitting "ultrasonic sound [...] from the device's loudspeakers". Computers nearby somehow pick up the sound via the speakers and thus get infected. Ruiu suspected his computers were infected with BadBIOS once his computers were acting strange.[5] Ruiu later provided data dumps of his BIOS only to have experts reveal it was normal data. Ruiu then countered stating that the malware probably erased itself whenever he tried to make a data dump.[6] While these claims are not outside the realm of science fiction, Ruiu has not provided a silver bullet, only speculation. Despite this, his reputation seems to be intact somehow.
User thinks hackers infected his ... mp4 file because it got corrupted. [8] OP blatantly states they used a dirty electricity filter to evade hacking. Ironically, his means to evade being hacked is the reason why he thinks he got hacked — having poor connection to an external device can disconnect a device when it's not ready, resulting in corrupted file. [ citation needed ]
OP blatantly states they used a dirty electricity filter to evade hacking. Ironically, his means to evade being hacked is the reason why he thinks he got hacked — having poor connection to an external device can disconnect a device when it's not ready, resulting in corrupted file. A user claims that they're picking up ultrasonic sound ... must be badBIOS! [9] Ultrasonic sound is just high-frequency sound above the human hearing range. There are other (plausible) sources of such frequencies such as bats.
Wireless charging is still a nice feature—it's a good box to check, but its exclusion wouldn't keep us away from an otherwise attractive phone or tablet. If your phone does support Qi, and you're in the market for a nice charger, you could do worse than Google's. Unlike its first try, the new Nexus Wireless Charger is unobtrusive, attractive, and functional. It's a little pricey at $50 (compared both to other charging pads and to the adapter that came with your phone), but it gets the job done.
“I got an All Black trial in 2005 and was always sniffing around. I played Junior All Blacks in 2006 and I was there or there abouts. When you have Dan Carter and Nick Evans floating around, for myself and Stephen Donald it was such a conveyor belt.
“If you just get it too easy and you know you’re number one you can let your form slip. This way we can be on each other’s heels and pushing each other. There are a couple of young guys who will be pushing us as well [by complete coincidence Cathal Marsh’s developing frame strolls past].
“Ah, I’ve just been trying to get my bearings,” said the man who seems happiest in a wet suit. “When my missus came over we went to the west coast and had a good weekend. It is just like New Zealand, literally, with all the winding roads and the water was nice and warm.
Nearly 17,000 Americans overdosed and died from prescription painkillers in 2011, according to the most recent figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. These are the same pills I was handed in full bottles after an injury. The same pills that are ravaging our cities. The same ones that are creating a population of apathetic adults, pill-popping their way through the day and dead behind the eyes. The same ones that are leading high schoolers to heroin because the pills no longer get them high and are too expensive. Yeah, those.
Husted also reiterated his position that if both Issue 3 and Issue 2, a legislative anti-monopoly proposal, pass in November, the marijuana issue would be invalidated, regardless of which issue gets more votes. The language of Issue 2, plus the fact that it would take effect immediately, makes it the dominant issue.
He suggested that supporters could go to the legislature, or use the initiated statute ballot process, to get the law changed.
Husted also discussed his continuing push to get online voter registration enacted in Ohio.
“We want to get some speed into our game and give the fans a good game.
"Nobody needs a 15-round ammunition magazine unless they are a domestic terrorist or a gangster," Miller said. "We expect the legislative leadership to get behind this and the governor to see some sense."
"I made a personal commitment to the families of Newtown that we would not stop fighting, no matter how long it takes until we get the magazine limit passed," Greenwald said. "In talking with the families, they will tell you, the single most important piece of legislation to stop this kind of insanity in the future is that magazine limit."
With most of our games, our initial prototypes are made with simple shapes to get the gameplay working as soon as possible. With Don't Grind, the concept was so simple that we decided to set the project up properly right away. So we created the spritesheets and started building the scene as we worked on the gameplay.
Don’t worry I didn’t forget about the video! Just in case the article wasn’t enough, I have a semi-playthrough ‘Let’s Play’ video available for you to watch! I worked hard on it so please take a look! I played the game for just about an hour an managed to get through about 6 of the 30+ endings!
Professor Spiegelhalter, the Winton Professor for the Public Understanding of Risk in the Statistical Laboratory at Cambridge University, pointed out that the “no safe level” message contradicted the working group’s guiding principle that the public needed to be able to make an “informed choice”, not get scared into obedience. Eating a bacon sandwich, or watching an hour of TV, posed more long-term health risks than moderate alcohol consumption, he wrote. Graham Stringer MP pointed out the zero-alcohol advice would have a “perverse effect” - most people would simply ignore it.
Talk about insult to injury. Judith Reese, Rockies fan and birthday girl celebrating her 69th, was not only forced to watch the Rockies get crushed by the San Francisco Giants, but also gets nailed in the head by a foul ball and carted out of the game in the fifth inning.
Fortunately America’s got a plan
If you do know someone arrested for a Huntington Beach DUI, the best thing you can do is talk to an experienced Huntington Beach DUI lawyer. Call 949-682-5316 to get your free consultation today.
Grec snapped out of her thoughts, and smiled. As the SAR team walked on through the snow, Grec spun on her heel, keeping pace but walking backwards through the tracks of the marine in front. Psi-Marine Maryam Khouri was on rear point, Grec in the center of the line. Grec gave a thumbs-up and Khouri did the same, signaling that all was well, then Grec turned back around without missing a step. Behind the opaque visor of her helmet, she smiled to herself and focused with her mind, pushing the feeling out, hoping that Khouri, three places behind, would be able to sense it. Grec had no psi-ability, and the Psi-Marines weren’t supposed to communicate with the regular forces like that, officially. But it was common. Sometimes the quickest way to get a message across without anyone else knowing—enemy included—was to use your mind. On the long tour aboard the Union Starship Hit and Run, the two of them had worked at it, Maryam insisting that everyone, even Kat, had the power buried up there somewhere in their cerebrum. With a little effort, you could make yourself heard.
“That’s enough.” The emergency radio buzzed as Furusawa’s voice punched across the channel. The back-up system was low quality and the interference was still there, even worse. A repeated pattern, almost electronic in nature. As the sergeant spoke even Anderson looked up from his position on the ground, where he was working on the computer interface built into the forearm of his combat armor, trying to get the regular comms back online.
Sergeant Furusawa looked over her remaining marines, then nodded. “We continue the SAR. If Khouri got lost in the snow we’ll pick her up on the way back. Grec, start the geophys scan. We’ll head north-north-east.”
“Sergeant, we need to go back,” he said. “Maryam got separated and lost, is all. Horizon blindness. Everything on this iceball is white on white. Won’t take any time to pick her up. She’ll have dug in, back along—”
“We’ve got our orders, Marine. March on.”
“Hey! What’s got into you, Darwyn?”
Silence. The rumbling of the sundered ground had stopped, and Alonso’s heavy rifle hadn’t fired again. Bowen got to his feet while Palladio covered the entrance, and moved closer, his movements loud as his hard armor scraped against the walls of the cave. At the back, Grec reached out and touched the walls. While the floor seemed to be a solid block of ice, forming a more-or-less flat, sloping surface, the walls were different. They were dark and shiny, looking almost like graphite, but when she scraped the ceramic-metal plates of her gauntlet over the surface it left no mark.
“Shut the hell up!” Spittle flew from Grec’s mouth. “And get the fuck out of my head.”
Furusawa nodded and folded her arms. “Good work, Anderson. Fix the others, then we can get going.”
Grec’s jaw dropped. “Where the hell to? We need to get back to the drop zone and wait for extraction.”
“Break out the lightspeed field transmitter. We’ll contact the ship, get an evac. This isn’t part of the mission at all.”
Anderson closed his eyes and slowly shook his head. “Don’t you get it, Kat?” he said. His smile vanished, replaced by an expression that was tight and angry, one that Grec didn’t like. Anderson took a step forward and Grec instinctively took a step back.
As she bent down, Grec noticed more of the floor had melted. More than that, it looked as though someone—Anderson, presumably—had been digging into the softening ice on the other side of the cave, revealing something black and long, part of the rock of the actual cave floor. There was something about it that made Grec curious. She moved closer to get a better look, but Anderson grabbed her arm and pulled her back around to face him.
“Get off,” she cried out, pulling away. Anderson’s grip was tight and as she struggled just got tighter.
“Don’t you fucking get it?” Anderson let go of Grec, who scrambled back to the others. Anderson didn’t seem to notice. Instead, he pointed again to the cave entrance. “They want us out there, now. Come on! We have to go, now, or we’ll blow the whole mission.”
“Don’t you get it?” said Anderson. He leapt forward, grabbing the pistol from the distracted Sergeant’s hand. She made a grab towards him, then backed off as she found herself covered by the marine. Anderson waved them all together, until the trio were backed against the rear of the cave.
“We’ve got to finish the mission,” said Anderson, rictus grin on his face, his free hand rubbing the side of his head.
“You don’t get it, do you? Any of you?” he laughed, and pointed to the corner of the floor that he had dug out during the night. “We’re sleeping with the dead and you don’t even get it.”
“The Spider got him,” said Furusawa.
Furusawa stood with her hands on her hips. “Can we get them out?”
“Good. Set it up. It’s time to get a ride home.”
Grec held the geophys wand in one hand, her other tightly wrapped around the grip of her rifle, as she stood in the cave’s—in the eggshell’s—entrance. Without the automatic adjustments provided by her helmet, the snow plain was a brilliant white expanse of nothing in the morning light, bright enough to hurt. And without the HUD indicators, they would have to follow the trench back to the drop zone or get lost in the snow.
An entire division of the Fleet was dedicated to studying this process, hoping to find some flaw, some secret which would enable the Fleet to get the upper hand in a war that was going poorly.
“They were here to get the Spider, weren’t they Sergeant?” she asked.
“And,” said Grec, “they’ll just keep sending teams in until they get it.”
Palladio stepped back into the cave. “We go out there, we get eaten.”
“Or we stay here and get added to the larder,” said Furusawa. She stopped at the entrance and handed the lightspeed transmitter to Grec, who took it in one hand. “Use the geophys,” said the sergeant. “We can watch it with the scanner, stay out of its way until we can get a signal up. Palladio can scramble the Spider’s sensors with his psi.”
She stumbled onwards, the First Sergeant—or whatever her real rank was—ahead, plowing a path through the snow that got steadily deeper and deeper the farther they got from the hillside, until just a few meters later it was up to their knees. The augmented strength of the combat suits—the powered joints and motivators by design unaffected by the armor’s offline computer—lessened the effort required to run through the snow, but not by much. If they still had their helmets, Grec thought, and the psi-fi link between their minds and the suits, then the armor would have responded to the task. As it was, they made difficult and slow progress.
“We’ve got company,” Grec shouted over the crunching schwoosh as they moved through the snow.
Grec dropped the transmitter and leapt forward, reaching for the Psi-Marine laid out in the snow. She got close, nearly close enough to grab one arm and pull, only Furusawa was on her shoulders again. The Sergeant yanked backwards and the pair fell into the snow.
Grec’s shot had no effect. The Spider was unstoppable, even in this immature state. She heard Furusawa order her to run, but the roaring of the Spider’s distress call was deafening and Grec decided that she hadn’t heard her properly. She raised her rifle to her eye again, pressed her cheek against the side of the weapon. Perhaps she could take out the legs, or the arms—maybe the joints were fragile, more susceptible to plasma bolts—before the thing got Palladio.
If the Spider didn’t get them first.
“Tell me what’s going on or we’ll wait here for the Spider to get us.”
“I managed to hack its psi as it pulled me under and got it to resurface, but your shot attracted it.” Palladio winced in obvious pain. “Quick. I can’t hold it for long.”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding.”
Furusawa ignored her and turned back to the machine. “You wanted to know what my orders were. You might well get the chance to find out.”
The air was suddenly still, quiet. Grec looked up. The Spider’s beacon had shut down, and the machine itself dimmed, the red light shining from between the moving body plates fading. The mouth on the underside closed, and the Spider fell, its legs collapsing. Grec cried out in surprise and dived to the side, grabbing for Furusawa as she did so, but the Sergeant was heavy in her combat armor and as the Spider’s body collided with the ground, Grec was thrown into the air. She landed back in the snow, filling her mouth, nose, eyes. She coughed, gasped, tried to get herself upright. She slid again, and managed to roll over and look back.
More to the point, it’s actually more challenging to make a decent tasting dry cider than a sweet one. With a truly dry cider there is nowhere to hide. It requires more attention to apple varieties and blends, and to production dynamics, in order to create something that isn’t just a complete thin and watery acid bomb. In addition, when you are starting with juice concentrates, which once a company is making cider at a certain scale is an absolute must, it is simply impossible to add back all of the subtle complexities inherent in fresh juice that get stripped out during the concentration process. Sugar can make this diminished character less obvious, although at some point all you can taste is the sugar itself rather than the harmonious flavor you’d get from actual juice.
A spokesperson for the NPS, David Barna, told The New York Times (2007 Jan 5) that there was no formal review of whether the bookstores ought to discontinue selling A Different View in part because of differences among the NPS's specialists. According to the Times , "When officials got together to discuss the book, the geologists and natural resource specialists would say, 'Get this book out of here,' Mr. Barna said. 'But the education and interpretation people would say: 'Wait a minute. If your science is so sound, the fact that there are differences of opinion should not scare you away.'" In a written statement, the Times reported, Barna "notes that Park Service management policies require reliance on 'the best scientific evidence available' and, as a result, rangers tell visitors that "the Colorado River basin has developed in the past 40 million years." But the Times also reported, "the guidelines also say that material available from concessionaires in national parks should adhere to the standards used to evaluate Park Service materials." PEER's executive director Jeff Ruch was quoted as contending that selling the book promoted fundamentalist Christian views: "This is government establishment of religion in a fairly fundamental way, if you pardon the pun."
Ronald Bailey, the science columnist for Reason , heard NCSE's executive director Eugenie C Scott speak about the controversy at the James Randi Educational Foundation's event The Amazing Meeting V, and promptly went to Grand Canyon National Park to see A Different View for himself. He reports, "As I was buying it, I asked the clerk what she thought about it. 'We're not allowed to say anything about it,' she said covering her mouth with her hand in the 'Speak No Evil' monkey fashion. 'Oh come on,' I cajoled, but the clerk refused any further comment. Later I went in search of it at the other south rim Park Service bookstore at Desert View. In this much smaller bookstore, Vail's slender Flood geology volume was mixed in among the other photo books. Again, I asked this clerk what she thought, and she smiled and replied, 'All I will say is that it's got some really beautiful photographs'" (2007 Jan 26; available on-line at http://reason.com/news/show/118334.html). Acknowledging that the NPS-overseen bookstores carry books that present and discuss the creation myths of Native Americans, Bailey nevertheless drew the crucial distinction: "unlike books on native creation myths, Vail insists that he is making scientific claims about how rock layers are laid down, fossils formed and the canyon carved."
You can scroll down to ‘what for’ chapter to check out the result to get more motivated.
Not perfect but much better. Finally we can call functional composition and get the result.
And one more thing – i don’t want to rewrite such additional aspects for every function type. So let’s write them using variadic templates and get as universal methods as possible.
What if we have failed to get data (for example, in case of disconnect). Let’s create aspect which will in case of error perform same query one more time to be sure.
map<int,User> userCache; // Use local cache (memoize) template <typename R, typename C, typename K, typename ...Args> std::function<Maybe<R>(K,Args...)> cached(C & cache, std::function<Maybe<R>(K,Args...)> f) { return [f,&cache](K key, Args... args){ // get key as first argument if (cache.count(key) > 0) return just(cache[key]); else { Maybe<R> result = f(std::forward<K>(key), std::forward<Args>(args)...); if (!result.hasError()) cache.insert(std::pair<int, R>(key, result())); //add to cache return result; } }; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 map < int , User > userCache ; // Use local cache (memoize) template < typename R , typename C , typename K , typename . . . Args > std :: function < Maybe < R > ( K , Args . . . ) > cached ( C & cache , std :: function < Maybe < R > ( K , Args . . . ) > f ) { return [ f , & cache ] ( K key , Args . . . args ) { // get key as first argument if ( cache . count ( key ) > 0 ) return just ( cache [ key ] ) ; else { Maybe < R > result = f ( std :: forward < K > ( key ) , std :: forward < Args > ( args ) . . . ) ; if ( ! result . hasError ( ) ) cache . insert ( std :: pair < int , R > ( key , result ( ) ) ) ; //add to cache return result ; } } ; }
map<tuple<int>,User> userCache; // Use local cache (memoize) template <typename R, typename C, typename ...Args> std::function<Maybe<R>(Args...)> cached(C & cache, std::function<Maybe<R>(Args...)> f) { return [f,&cache](Args... args){ // get key as tuple of arguments auto key = make_tuple(args...); if (cache.count(key) > 0) return just(cache[key]); else { Maybe<R> result = f(std::forward<Args>(args)...); if (!result.hasError()) cache.insert(std::pair<decltype(key), R>(key, result())); //add to cache return result; } }; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 map < tuple < int > , User > userCache ; // Use local cache (memoize) template < typename R , typename C , typename . . . Args > std :: function < Maybe < R > ( Args . . . ) > cached ( C & cache , std :: function < Maybe < R > ( Args . . . ) > f ) { return [ f , & cache ] ( Args . . . args ) { // get key as tuple of arguments auto key = make_tuple ( args . . . ) ; if ( cache . count ( key ) > 0 ) return just ( cache [ key ] ) ; else { Maybe < R > result = f ( std :: forward < Args > ( args ) . . . ) ; if ( ! result . hasError ( ) ) cache . insert ( std :: pair < decltype ( key ) , R > ( key , result ( ) ) ) ; //add to cache return result ; } } ; }
As you can see it’s working as intended. It’s obvious that we got a lot of benefits from such decomposition. Factorisation leads to decoupling of functionality, more modular structure and so on. You gain more focus on actual business logic as result.
“Our partnership with the Aztex is a strong opportunity for players to gain valuable match experience while continuing to develop,” said Crew SC Sporting Director and Head Coach Gregg Berhalter. “We are certain Kalen will be in good hands with the coaching staff in Austin, led by Paul Dalglish, as they get their season underway on Saturday.”
In my reflective moments, I think about what has kept me here at the National Archives for all this time. It couldn’t be the bone-wearying monotony of shuffling heavy cartons of records from here to there, or the tedium of changing out old information systems and learning the vagaries of new ones. No, there’s something else that gets me in the door every morning. Fasteners.
It is a canon of archival preservation that fasteners are the devil’s work; capable of doing lasting and disfiguring damage to their host’s integrity, they must be removed, and forthwith. And so they are. Textual processing staff at all National Archives facilities do this every day. Perhaps gazillions of the little buggers get the boot each year; here are some Acco fasteners awaiting their fate.
“I'm in this really lucky position, where I get to wake up every day and help serve more than a billion people. And I feel like I'm not doing my job if I spend any of my energy on things that are silly or frivolous about my life.”
Today, we're excited to release a Google Buzz widget for Android phones that lets you post text and photos with a single tap. Like other mobile access points for Google Buzz, the widget lets you choose to tag your post with the location or place from which it was posted. You can post buzz about a great meal you had and share photos of the new restaurant. To save time, your posts will upload in the background, letting you get back to your scrumptious dessert without a wait.
Some sources considered the removal of the CIA liaison to be an act of retaliation for the attempt to get Cohen-Watnick off the NSC. The episode occurred in mid-March, before Nunes made his allegations.
Step 2: First we need to prepare the Claymore bag that the mine comes in. Directions on how to employ the mine are sewn into the cover of the bag. This is going to get in the way as we move forward, so do yourself a favor and cut or tear these out now.
Step 6: This is where it gets a little tricky. Figure out how much length of the Claymore wire covers and surpasses the length of the lid. In my case, I can wrap the cord around my elbow and over my palm to make a spool, and that fits nicely for our purposes. This might require some experimentation on your part to get it right. You will need to make three separate wraps that will be locked into place with the rubber bands, so plan ahead.
Start stringing the Claymore wire back and forth. Once you get enough wraps, separating the wire equally into thirds, go ahead and lock the ends into the loops of the rubber bands. You may need to twist the rubber bands and loop them back around the wire a second time to make sure it's in there nice and snug.
Here is the finished product, you've dropkicked a claymore mine. The mine can now be carried by the sling or kept on an external pouch on a rucksack. When a small recce patrol makes contact and can't wait for air support, it's time to use this bad boy. Extend the claymore legs, stick it in the ground (THIS SIDE FACES ENEMY), pull however much wire you need to get you behind cover and concealment, run to cover, pop the shipping plugs, and attach the clacker. Once a pursuing enemy closes in on your position, you know what to do!
DAD: I was dirty. The shower gets me clean.
DAD: Why does the shower get me clean?
SARAH: I don’t get it.
That mention of cloud robotics isn't coincidental; Grishin is betting that there's a future in giving robots the same ability to benefit from cloud software and cloud hardware that smartphones have now. Like, let's take some sort of stupendously difficult problem that may or may not be solved (depending on who you ask), like grasping, and imagine how a cloud-based app store or service could improve it: your robot could be about as smart as a plastic spork with an arm and a Kinect on it, but as long as you've got the right app and a connection to the cloud, it doesn't matter. Your bot can simply send a 3D image of the object in question, some supercomputer somewhere can do some number crunching, and send back grasping instructions faster than you can say "wow, that was fast." Obviously, the RobotAppStore isn't set up for this kind of thing yet, but that's why now's the time to invest, I suppose.
As much as I'd like to believe this, "the robotics industry has reached its tipping-point" is a sentiment that I've heard consistently ever since I started writing about robots back in 2007, and as far as I can tell, nothing has tipped yet. I think it's more likely that Grishin's investments, and RobotAppStore itself, will help the robotics industry reach some sort of tipping-point in the first place. An app-type ecosystem, where you can download new capabilities for your robot that someone else has come up with rather than taking the time to develop them yourself, is one of the things that has made ROS so successful in robotics, and has the potential to do something similar for consumer robots in general. The only question I have at this point is whether there are really enough robots out there for RobotAppStore to get a good foothold, but even if there aren't (yet), the existence of a place to share apps will perhaps motivate people to buy more robots knowing that new capabilities are already available.
If you want to learn more about the launch of the Switch, with exclusive reviews of the console, accessories, online service and 24 games, get the Nintendo Switch Magazine. Go direct to Amazon or iTunes if you prefer.
Most of them are just regular Joes who have let their weaknesses get the better of them. Lust, greed, and hatred can drive even ordinary people to do extraordinary evil.
CHRIS HAYES: Van Jones says he never actually signed the 9/11 truther petition that prompted that spout of outrage, and he maintained from the start it did not reflect his actual views. But just that tiny little brush with trutherism was enough to get the guy drummed out of the White House. And all this got me thinking about what exactly should constitute a disqualifier when it comes to those who want to hold public office or even work in the government. Joining me now, Bob Herbert, distinguished senior fellow with Demos; Christina Bellantoni, editor-in-chief of Roll Call; and Richard Kim, executive editor of TheNation.com. I am really interested in the boundaries of taboo and consensus and what are the kinds of things that are the kinds of things that politicians can argue about, and the kinds of things that kind of place them off the table. And I thought it was interesting to see the Ernst campaign felt that that claim about WMD was an off-the-table kind of claim they had to then deny, which I found to be progress of a sort. Are there certain things you think, Bob, that should be in the kind of off-the-table category that aren't currently in the off-the-table category?
JONATHAN KARL: Let me get this straight. You do not think that human activity, the production of CO2, has caused warming to our planet?
HERBERT: Well, the truth is that you can only do this as a hypothetical exercise, and that’s a good example of why. I mean, there was a time when no one could get elected if they were in favor of gay marriage. Now in many elections it’s a disqualifier if you’re opposed to gay marriage.
“We need to keep asking our leaders: ‘Who got us into this mess?’ It wasn’t working people. The people who got us into this mess are getting off scot-free, and this Gang of Six proposal shows they have accomplices in both parties.”
Quentin Tarantino lives up in the Hollywood Hills, in the same house he’s had since 1996, with a movie theater built into one wing of the house and a terrace with a swimming pool and an orange tree and a Planet of the Apes statue out back. That’s where he’s sitting one night in October, glass of red wine in hand, watching the sun go down. He’s still got to ﬁnish the sound mix and work on the colors, but his newest ﬁlm, The Hateful Eight, is otherwise pretty much done. He shot it on 65-millimeter ﬁlm, like Paul Thomas Anderson did with The Master, and then he had his studio buy up pretty much every existing 70-millimeter projector in the country so he could personally equip 100 theaters with them and show the movie the way he thinks it should be shown.
He describes The Hateful Eight as “a claustrophobic snow Western”—a chamber piece, like Reservoir Dogs or The Iceman Cometh, but set in the wintry post–Civil War 1800s. It’s about a bounty hunter (Kurt Russell) escorting a prisoner (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to justice, only to be diverted into Tarantino-land—a.k.a. a tavern of sorts called Minnie’s Haberdashery, which doesn’t sell hats—where six other men are waiting out a snowstorm, and nobody’s who they say they are. It also stars Sam Jackson and Michael Madsen and Bruce Dern; everyone wears giant furs. “I think it could be my best movie,” Tarantino says. “If not, at least in my top four.” Which is a hilarious qualiﬁer, since he’s only made eight. People count Tarantino movies because he’s maintained for a while now that he’s only making ten. Maybe not even ten. “If ﬁlm projection goes the way of the dodo bird, well, then, maybe I might not even get to ten,” he says.
Quentin Tarantino: Usually, when I’m done, I want to spend two months on my couch. I want to just pretty much nail the door shut, fuck the phone, and just go to sleep whenever. I have a completely erratic sleeping schedule. I fall asleep whenever I want. I get up whenever I want. Just two months of just watching movies and doing cinema writing and just vegging out that way. And I start emerging and just start, you know, getting back into the swing of things of life.
One of the privileges you have of living the life of an artist and creating your own world and everything is the fact that, in-between times, you can kind of spend them however you want. Because, you know, once you open up your candy store again, you’re open for business. And you have to be responsible. You have to be available. But, you know, that in-between time, I get to really live the fun life of a graduate student.
I liked the idea of creating a new pop-culture, folkloric hero character that I created with Django, that I think’s gonna last for a long time. And I think as the generations go on and everything, you know, my hope is it can be a rite of passage for black fathers and their sons. Like, when are they old enough to watch Django Unchained? And when they get old enough—14 or 15 or something like that—then maybe it’s something that they do with their fathers, and it’s a cool thing. And then Django becomes their cowboy hero. And so I like the idea of maybe like a series of paperbacks coming out, Further Adventures of Django, and so I was really kind of into that idea. And then I started writing it as a book, as prose. And that’s what ended up turning into The Hateful Eight. The number one thing I had to do was get rid of Django. [laughs]
I interviewed McQueen around the time his movie came out and asked him about Django, and he said, “I’m just happy to see black actors on-screen who actually get work.” That sounded like a shot to me.
No, I just spent a year and a half in the antebellum South. The last thing in the world I wanted to do was go back. I was so not the audience for that movie, after I literally created the worst possible decade of the last 200 years and lived in it every single solitary day. The last thing in the world I wanted to do was visit it in any way, shape, or form. There’s no shade going toward his movie when it comes to that. I just didn’t want to subject myself. I was in a depression a bit. Even though it was my biggest success, I was in a depression for about nine months after the ﬁlm came out, because I couldn’t really allow the pain and the misery that I was orchestrating to get into my inner fibers and those little pockets of your lungs, and it all got there when it was done.
I just find it hard to believe that you’re down to see other people go up there and get Best Director.
Well, it was a mistake to sue Gawker, and the mistake was—I was just pissed off at the time, and, like, “They can’t do that! Okay, let me sue them!” And it got kind of exciting for a second, because it looked like, you know, even though there was no precedent for it, it looked like it might be one of those things that could create a precedent. And that became very exciting. Well, it didn’t happen. So I dropped it. But I regret it now, because it actually took the spotlight off where I thought it deserved to be, which was on Hollywood practices of passing out stuff by artists’ representatives.
Hopefully it’s like I’m getting down to the tip of the arrowhead. I’m getting better and better. And that means I still have two more to go. All right? And two more to go is gonna be six years, at least. But we’ll see what happens. And, you know, if that tenth ﬁlm is a stinker, well, maybe the plan goes into the house fan. You know, in shreds. But so far so good. And I love the idea of taking my vitality to its furthest point, and then stopping, leaving you wanting a little bit more. Not staying too long at the party. Not working with dulled senses. Not working with dulled intentions. Not working with compromised intentions—i.e., age, vitality, wealth, wife, kids, you know, all those kind of things that get in the way.
I joke I’m not really that famous, I’m just that recognizable. If you know what I look like, you’re gonna know me when you see me. But no—I wanted me to be enough when I’m making a movie. I didn’t want to have to go and get a star who respected my movies. I wanted to be enough to get it made, and if I get a star, well, that’s all great. Okay, now we’re talking Hitchcock and Cary Grant. Awesome! All right? But, you know, Hitchcock and Farley Granger is okay, too.
Yes, I have. Those kids are fucking awesome, man. I think they’re fantastic. And, like, you know, and literally, watching acting out the scenes, that was so entertaining and lovely and glorious. But watching them writing the script, i.e. just jotting it down, but the way they talk about it, it’s as if they wrote it. “I’m working on the script. I’m writing the script.” And I know exactly what they mean! I got it. Watching the kid writing the dialogue down word for word on a yellow legal pad was fucking fantastic.
'We keep it under review. We work with our partners. We are taking thousands of people and we will take thousands of people. What matters is when they come they get a proper welcome and we look after them.'
He said: 'You have got to make sure the aid keeps coming – we put £1billion of overseas aid in to help these desperate people.'
'We have got a voluntary resettlement programme but at the moment it is in the numbers of the hundreds compared to other countries where it's thousands,' he told MailOnline.
'What I am frustrated about is that collectively, whether it is the European Union or the UN or even the US, I don't think we are doing enough to tackle the root problem - we have got to stop people getting on the boats or the trains.'
An unprecedented surge of migrants has been trying to get to the country after Berlin last week began accepting asylum claims from Syrian refugees regardless of where they entered the EU.
"As I got closer to the zoo I could see that it was actually inside the zoo so I went over to the security and told them, 'there's flames or there's smoke coming from inside there, do you know anything about it?'. And they obviously didn't have a clue."
Instead of bringing in more tech to scan passports for some passengers — and spend millions to get these machines — why not ease up the questioning and requirements of entry into the country and speed up immigration lines and reduce hours and hours spent in lines at airports like JFK?
“When I hear last week that we didn’t make decisions because we didn’t have the money or there was a hockey contract, it’s just flat out wrong,” he explained. “It’s patently false. We’ve got what we need to do. If there wasn’t a trade that was made, it was because Alex (Anthopoulos) and the baseball people didn’t think they wanted to part with the players for what they’d get back.”
The only reason I am still here, quite frankly, is all of you. I made this blog right as I began to get so much sicker, and was completely alone. The support I received through all of you gave me the courage to seek out further treatment that undoubtedly prolonged my life. Prior to this, nobody listened to me. Nobody heard me when I was sick, nobody believed that what I said was happening actually was. I had nearly given up on myself, since all of my doctors and families tried to convince me that I was lying about my failing health.
At 3:00 p.m., [presiding] judge R. notified me that I had been appointed to assist with the execution. I feel repulsed, but I can't get out of it. I thought about it all afternoon. My role will consist of taking note of the prisoner's statements.
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Replacing articles of clothing every time they get holes can become an expensive proposition. Instead, use the darning technique to repair small holes in socks, shirts and other apparel. With a darning needle and yarn, you'll form a network of stitches across the gap. It’s easy to do and can be a big cost-saver.
The only signing of the summer thus far has been Yaya Sanogo on a free from Auxerre, so hopefully Napoli’s interest will force our hand a bit and we can get this deal done.
Rep. Rush Holt (D-N.J.), acting on behalf of a constituent whose husband was killed in Iraq and was prepared for burial by the Dover mortuary, said he sent a letter to Panetta on Sept. 16 “seeking clear and definitive answers” about the mortuary’s landfill practices. Holt said he had raised the issue a few months earlier with the Pentagon’s legislative affairs office but was “frustrated by a failure” to get a full response.
“I thought there would be some straightforward explanation that we could get fairly quickly,” Holt said in a telephone interview. “Evidently this has been harder for them to answer.”
Stop watching commercials. Television advertising is insidious. In college, I learned about how car marketers are taught to “manufacture desire” for new vehicles that no one needs. Used cars will do you just fine, but to have commercials tell it, you have to have the latest model BMV to have an exciting, glamorous life. Most commercials are full of lies and manipulation to get you to feel incomplete and lead you to buy things you don’t need. But when you stop watching them, you lessen the power of corporate messaging on the decision-making part of your brain.
Don’t justify shopping because it’s “on sale” or you have a “coupon.” Remember that you’re only saving money if you would have needed to buy the item anyway. In other words, a sale on toilet paper is a score, but a sale on Jimmy Choos is not. My aunt cracks me up with all the DSW and Lane Bryant coupons she gets in the mail every month. She claims she’s “saving” money on all the clothes she buys, forgetting that the best way to save money is not to spend it in the first place. Tell your favorite clothing stores to stop sending you discounts and reserve your couponing culture for buying food or other essential items.
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
Stop reading fashion, makeup, natural hair and thrifting blogs. I feel so conflicted about this one, as I love the creativity and artistry with which my fellow bloggers put into their sites. But there are many that I just don’t read, not because I have a problem with the bloggers themselves, but because I know that the whole purpose of their site is to recommend that I buy new clothes, buy old clothes, buy more makeup or buy every new natural hair product line that comes out. If you read blogs to get new information, inspiration or to support the writers, great! But when you find yourself feeling like you have to buy every new lip gloss that beauty bloggers review, it may be time to switch up the blogs you give your attention to.
Avoid hanging out with shopaholics. When you see everyone else around you buying the latest fashions or electronics or accessories, it can be easy to fall prey to subtle peer pressure. Plus, shopaholics are usually the first ones to urge you to “buy that dress girl, it’s so cuuuuute!” with an urgency so fierce that it’s hard not to get caught up in their excitement. So if a shopaholic friend asks you to go to the mall with her, opt to meet her afterwards for lunch or coffee instead. That way, you don’t get tempted to mirror her out-of-control spending habits.
Update July 13th: I figured out how to get the PageExtender working, I explain it in the “My Solution” section. Kamruz also figured out a way to get it functional and informed me of this a little bit ago.
Going back to the code, the GetFileNames processor was the first to catch my eye. The code gets the PageSettings item and then it’s passed to the StylesheetCollection for processing. The ProcessItem method in the StylesheetCollection loops the children of the PageSettings item and performs two checks:
: The stylesheet’s path that is defined on the item is added to args.FileNames collection. If the child item’s template is the Page-Stylesheet-Folder: The StylesheetCollection gets the path to the folder defined on the item and loops through the folder’s files. If the file is a stylesheet, the file path is added to the args.FileNames collection. If the file is a different type, it is ignored. It appears that it also processes any sub-directories as well.
I borrowed the “sources” node section from a processor located around line 95 in the 001.Sitecore.Speak.Important.config. , I get the folder paths of the stylesheets from the config:
The method AddSource gets the values from the config. Path = path of the Stylesheet, deep = process subfolders, add additional stylesheets to the collection and pattern, this allows what file type are permitted to be added to the FilePaths collection. Next, it loops through the folder(s) defined in the config above, and adds the stylesheet paths to the FilePaths collection. After the method finishes, we assign the FilePaths list to args.FilePaths. Next up, AssignPageAssetsToControl.
I was excited that I was able to get a PageExtender to render outside the Ribbon and I needed to share. I opened Slack and messaged JammyKam my good news. If you know Kamruz, you can probably guess what he said. He figured out how to get the PageExtenders to work as well! 🎉 It’s like Christmas in July🎄. Kamruz showed me how he finally got it to work and it was different from my code.
Always Trying to Escape When I was a student at MIT I was interested only in science; I was no good at anything else. But at MIT there was a rule: You have to take some humanities courses to get more "culture." Besides the English classes required were two electives, so I looked through the list, and right away I found astronomy--as a humanities course! So that year I escaped with astronomy. Then next year I looked further down the list, past French literature and courses like that, and found philosophy. It was the closest thing to science I could find.
One of my fraternity brothers said, "OK, Feynman, you're not gonna do it. But the professor will think you didn't do it because you don't want to do the work. You oughta write a theme on something--same number of words--and hand it in with a note saying that you just couldn't understand the Faust, you haven't got the heart for it, and that it's impossible for you to write a theme on it."
Then another fraternity brother offered some more advice. "Feynman," he said, "it ain't gonna work, handing in a theme that's got nothing to do with Faust. What you oughta do is work that thing you wrote into the Faust."
Finally one day at the end of the class, Professor Robinson went "wugga mugga mugga wugga wugga . . . and everybody got excited! They were all talking to each other and discussing, so I figured he'd said something interesting, thank God! I wondered what it was?
I got interested. Now I had to answer this question: How does the stream of consciousness end, when you go to sleep?
So you get every illusion of logical connection, but the actual fact is that the thoughts become more and more cockeyed until they're completely disjointed, and beyond that, you fall asleep.
In the first part of the dream I'm on top of a train and we're approaching a tunnel. I get scared, pull myself down, and we go into the tunnel--whoosh! I say to myself, "So you can get the feeling of fear, and you can hear the sound change when you go into the tunnel."
By this time I was inside one of the train cars, and I can feel the train lurching about. I say to myself, "So you can get kinesthetic feelings in a dream." I walk with some difficulty down to the end of the car, and I see a big window, like a store window. Behind it there are-not mannequins, but three live girls in bathing suits, and they look pretty good!
I continue walking into the next car, hanging onto the straps overhead as I go, when I say to myself, "Hey! It would be interesting to get excited--sexually--so I think I'll go back into the other car." I discovered that I could turn around, and walk back through the train--I could control the direction of my dream. I get back to the car with the special window, and I see three old guys playing violins--but they turned back into girls! So I could modify the direction of my dream, but not perfectly.
Well, I began to get excited, intellectually as well as sexually, saying things like, "Wow! It's working!" and I woke up.
Another time I'm dreaming and I hear "knock-knock; knock-knock." Something was happening in the dream that made this knocking fit, but not perfectly--it seemed sort of foreign. I thought: "Absolutely guaranteed that this knocking is coming from outside my dream, and I've invented this part of the dream to fit with it. I've got to wake up and find out what the hell it is."
During the time of making observations in my dreams, the process of waking up was a rather fearful one. As you're beginning to wake up there's a moment when you feel rigid and tied down, or underneath many layers of cotton batting. It's hard to explain, but there's a moment when you get the feeling you can't get out; you're not sure you can wake up. So I would have to tell myself--after I was awake--that that's ridiculous. There's no disease I know of where a person falls asleep naturally and can't wake up. You can always wake up. And after talking to myself many times like that, I became less and less afraid, and in fact I found the process of waking up rather thrilling--something like a roller coaster: After a while you're not so scared, and you begin to enjoy it a little bit.
As a result of these observations I began to get a little theory. One of the reasons that I liked to look at dreams was that I was curious as to how you can see an image, of a person, for example, when your eyes are closed, and nothing's coming in. You say it might be random, irregular nerve discharges, but you can't get the nerves to discharge in exactly the same delicate patterns when you are sleeping as when you are awake, looking at something. Well then, how could I "see" in color, and in better detail, when I was asleep?
One other thing about dreams. I had a friend named Deutsch, whose wife was from a family of psychoanalysts in Vienna. One evening, during a long discussion about dreams, he told me that dreams have significance: there are symbols in dreams that can be interpreted psychoanalytically. I didn't believe most of this stuff, but that night I had an interesting dream: We're playing a game on a billiard table with three balls--a white ball, a green ball, and a gray ball--and the name of the game is "titsies." There was something about trying to get the balls into the pocket: the white ball and the green ball are easy to sink into the pocket, but the gray one, I can't get to it.
I wake up, and the dream is very easy to interpret: the name of the game gives it away, of course-them's girls! The white ball was easy to figure out, because I was going out, sneakily, with a married woman who worked at the time as a cashier in a cafeteria and wore a white uniform. The green one was also easy, because I had gone out about two nights before to a drive-in movie with a girl in a green dress. But the gray one-what the hell was the gray one? I knew it had to be somebody; I felt it. It's like when you're trying to remember a name, and it's on the tip of your tongue, hut you can't get it.
As he approached her behind the cash register counter, Sheng said the robber reached for his gun, so she acted: "I see him try to go get it and I push it [his arm] and just push him," shoving him in the body and then shoving the gun down his pants.
Surely there are ways we are not who our colleagues think we are—we are less brilliant, witty, selfless, or helpful than we lead them to think. We already know what it feels like to be a fraud, be cause in little, nearly imperceptible ways, our desire to be well-regarded leads us to conceal our mistakes, weaknesses, and foibles from others. Perhaps, while enforcing the standards of our profession, we can still have compassion for those who transgress, knowing that it is in our nature as human beings to try to get others to see us in a positive light.
That doesn’t mean it’s all doom and gloom for the president. The Post/ABC poll also finds some surprisingly positive evaluations of the commander in chief’s performance on certain issues. More than half of Americans—53 percent—say Trump is a strong leader, including 25 percent of Democrats. Plus 73 percent of Americans approve of the way he has been pressuring companies to keep jobs in the country. A plurality—46 percent—also approve of the way he has been handling North Korea. The president also gets high marks for his recent military actions in Syria, which 62 percent of Americans say they support, according to the NBC/WSJ poll.
"I think it showed with unrestricted aerodynamics what is possible," he said. "I think that F1 has got scope to move the lap times considerably quicker. There is a step coming for 2017, we personally would like it to go further but we seem to be a lone voice in that. But F1 should be the ultimate.
The key to understanding the chances of real change lies in recognizing that the most important variable in that equation is us. Life isn't a tv channel or Facebook feed to get updates on; it must be interactive for any success to occur. Think of Bernie's groundbreaking campaign- did we all just wait to see the results? Or did we make it happen? Yes, we were driven by enthusiasm and hope back then, which is now (quite purposely) in short supply...
A lot of the issue is our successful creation of a "viewer" society, where the majority lives off the media's narrative for their reality checks instead of actually making anything happen. Reality is external, somewhere else, something that you get updates on from Twitter. In our Coke-or-Pepsi mentality, any healthy skepticism about the credibility or motive of 'news' is mitigated by the choice of different flavored networks- 'lesser evil' narratives become "truth".
What most people have lost sight of is that a political party is merely a tool, not an identity. Protecting our futures and say in governance cannot be effectively nor ethically handled through empty slogans, high-dollar lobbyists, or focusing on trivialities while atrocities get effectively normalized. Successfully clouding this fact has allowed most political opinion and direction to become just dictated and assimilated, instead of generated and represented.
I have been tattooed twice, say, the usual-machine-way and I’m not sure when I started the decision to have a traditional tattoo at least once. It appealed to me so much because it was raw and real. Then some friends went up the mountains to have their tattoos done manually, known as pagbabatok, by famous Whang Od (if you don’t know yet, it’s pronounced as Fang-Od). So I researched more about the traditional art, Whang-Od, and how to get there, through blogs and friends. So if you’ve read the title, I’m not really getting into those details. You can find tons of info in any search engine so go ahead and do that.
So, yes, you already (hopefully) know the process is cringe-worthy. They don’t give you anesthesia. For me, it was 20 times more painful than machine tattoos, and I’d like to believe I have a strong pain tolerance. I managed not to cry or scream though, concentrating on the plants around and savoring the feeling of what the elders in the tribes have felt. Kuya Francis Pa-in, our guide, also told us stories. The pain was too much to bear for some that there were cases when the person peed, fainted, and yes, even pooped. In these instances, Whang Od won’t continue with the tattoo even if you insist, she can always tell if the person can or can’t bear it. Also for women on their dreaded time of the month, it is not advisable since it can be more painful or for whatever reason I don’t know. Ask your doctor. Don’t worry too much though, Keisha was on hers when she got tattooed and she’s fine. Her tattoo just bled profusely more than mine though I’m not sure if it’s the position or her condition that time. I earnestly hope what I’m saying doesn’t discourage you if you happen to plan to go.
When my tattoo started to look out of hand though, I was slightly worried since nobody said that it would look so scathed after a week. People would stare at it with judging looks, like they were telling me I made a very unwise decision getting it. I didn’t really care. And those who inquired were taken aback upon hearing the story behind it. Although I admit, it gets pretty tiring to explain yourself to everyone.
On the third week I decided it was safe to put moisturizer on it since the wound was closed and was just repairing the skin, which was really, really itchy by the way. I applied RestoraDerm, since I use it when my skin gets too dry. It works wonders and it did work its wonder on my healing tattoo.
All details mentioned were my own experiences and choices. I decided to share them since I found no other blog saying what happens AFTER you get your batok.
So for those of you who are attempting to get your tattoos from Whang Od and are wondering about the risks and joys, you’re welcome. Though I earnestly discourage you to go there if you just want to look cool. Revere the art, the artist and the culture.
“Paris-Roubaix is a very demanding and selecting race, the group of the pretenders is even more limited than at the Ronde van Vlaanderen,” Pozzato explained. “I focused the early part of the season to three targets: Milano-Sanremo, the Ronde van Vlaanderen and Paris-Roubaix. I’ve got one last chance to be a protagonist, after not having hit the targets in the first two appointments.
“The fact is, if countries in the region are worried about Iran’s destabilising activities – a concern the United States shares – they need to get in the game. That means getting serious about starting to partner more with each other, and investing in the right capabilities for the threat.”
“I know people are tired of these meetings. I’m tired of these meetings,” Kerry said. “And people are sort of: ‘Oh, another meeting. OK. This one will end the same way the other one did.’ I get it, folks. I’m not born yesterday. But what am I supposed to do? Go home and have a nice weekend in Massachusetts while people are dying? Sit there in Washington and do nothing? That’s not the way you do business.”
Fritz: Good start. I don’t think the food has to be inedible. I’ll admit to liking the burger at Quarry House (Silver Spring) and the chili dog at Vienna Inn. But the menu should be full of things you’d get at a fire station or a church picnic. Chili, Italian subs, fried mac and cheese, wings or tacos would be fine. Even fish and chips. Strip steak, anything topped with boursin cheese, any “wrap,” fancy fish — all out. At least half of the menu items should have come in contact with a deep fryer.
A dive bar regular, in this case, Tom Orlowski at Mark’s Place in Virginia Beach. "They oughta hang 'em and get it over with," Orlowski said of sniper John Allen Muhammad and his trial then starting in Virginia Beach. (Stephanie K. Kuykendal/FTWP)
At least one patron should look like they got there before 10 a.m. Corollary: If the bar doesn’t open before 5, it’s not a dive.
“I haven’t heard that in my conversations with team executives. I’ve heard about a lot of names coming up in trade talks. His has not been one of them. Going forward for the Bulls, do they have a decision to make on Taj? Let’s say Jimmy Butler is going to get a max offer sheet (next offseason) or they have to get in front of a max offer sheet and offer a deal close to the max.
“Kobe plays his game no matter what with his intensity and focus and he will play to win. He also will do what he needs to do to get ready to play. If he sees a mismatch, he’ll take it down low and demand the ball. He’s one of those guys who will always bring the same intensity every time no matter who’s on the court.”
Durant's language here is very similar to what Indiana Pacers forward Paul George used in a recent interview, where he said he'd like to develop a mentor/mentee-type relationship with LeBron James, "because I think he’s a player that can help me get to the next level and continue to keep going to the next level." (George also said he wishes Bryant "would mentor [him]," noting that every time he runs into Kobe, "he gives me a couple words.") James, for his part, said he'd be open to mentoring George: "You know me, I don't mind it at all. I don't mind giving guys [advice], whatever he wants to ask. Guys know I have an open door/phone policy."
It shouldn't, though. I like the idea that LeBron and KD have worked out together. I think it's cool that the best and brightest want to not only go after each other and tear one another apart, but also want to learn from one another and try to get better by figuring out stuff they don't know from people who might. Nobody's saying that everybody needs to be the best of friends all the time, but considering that one of the primary developments of the post-AAU-basketball-playing social structure is that these guys mostly are friends, why not make the most of those other awesome people you know as you attempt to become the best possible version of yourself?
You're never going to know everything, and you're never going to be the unquestioned best at everything if you don't ceaselessly attempt to get better. A lot of that work is physical, of course, coming through hour after hour of hard labor in the practice gym and weight room, but important additions can also come from simple conversations, whether during All-Star Weekend shootarounds or 3 a.m. check-ins. Do collaboration and competition have to be mutually exclusive? Or can players adopt an "each one teach one" mentality off the court, and still go all out to take one another to school on it? It sure seems to be working for guys like LeBron and Durant; if this "mentoring" thing catches on, the rising tide could lift quite a number of super-talented young boats in the years to come.
So, for the first time in the Star Wars LCG we get a search effect and it comes on a Rebel Han Solo with solid stats. Since you don’t need to win an edge battle, you can often force your opponent into a situation where if they block and win the edge battle, you get to search your deck for a card and they had to focus down a defender. Or, you can also just win the edge battle and clean up most defenders.
Of course, searching your deck is only as important as the cards you can go get, so when I first saw the Rebel Han Solo my brain immediately starting thinking of Rebel cards I could want to get on command. My list looked something like this:
I would be remiss if I didn’t include at least a single Rebel Assault in a deck that let’s me search for Rebel cards, so Defense of Yavin 4 is at minimum a one of. Considering I’ve already got two Falcon and two Bright Hope in the deck, the objective itself has become a huge part of this deck. Playing the Millenium Falcon for 2 or 3 resources can just ruin your opponent. This also gives me two of each Y-Wing, Red 2, Rebel Assault, Hidden Outpost, and Astromech Droid Upgrade (wonderful with Bright Hope).
With one objective slot left to get to ten objective, the final slot could easily go to any Smuggler or Rebel Objective. To be honest, this final slot is anything but decided at this point. There are several options here. On my consideration list is:
The deck might not look like much, but she’s got it where it counts.
I’ve seen quite a bit of ‘conventional’ wisdom being developed in this game and I think Star Wars is way too young to be developing hard and fast rules for decks and what is viable. If you play this game, I implore you to not settle for conventional wisdom, to experiment with objectives people aren’t using, and to push the limits of what is possible in this game. Don’t believe the all powerful they. We’ve got several months until Store Championships and regionals roll around, so this is a fantastic time to give objectives a try that don’t look that great on paper.
Now coach Rangnick, who almost got the Everton job in the summer, has been tasked to find a club in England for their latest move into ownership.
An insider in the deal said: “Red Bull want a team to take into the Champions League. It is the only market they have not reached yet. Ideally this would be in the London area, but both Everton and Liverpool interest them too because it would not take much to get them to that level.
EVERTON Bill Kenwright has been looking for a respectable buyer for his club for years. The fact Ralf Rangnick nearly got the job and knows the club helps. Only snag – Red Bull Everton?!?
“It’s more easily noticeable in older science fiction,” says Leckie in Episode 120 of the Geek’s Guide to the Galaxy podcast. “We’ve got this future society and the technology’s all very different, but people are smoking cigarettes and using slide rules, and the social relationships are exactly like they would have been in the 50s. You know, the wife is bringing in coffee.”
“Like a lot of writers, I’m a serious introvert, and talking to strangers, going out into a place—the grocery store or whatever—and talking to somebody I don’t know is really very difficult. … In college I got a job as a waitress, and in a lot of ways it was not a fun job, but in a lot of ways it was really very beneficial, because I didn’t know how those interactions were supposed to go with people I didn’t know well. But working for several years as a waitress you learn really quickly a couple of default scripts, so you know exactly what the interaction is going to be when the person sits down at the table. And then after a few months I’m like, ‘Oh, I can switch it up a bit. I can say, ‘Hey, it’s pretty rainy outside,’ and get a particular response to that. … And that’s something I found really very useful. But what it means is that I’m not the kind of person that those interactions come to naturally, and so when I’m thinking about Breq, I’m thinking about my own experience of, ‘Here I am talking to a person, now I need to pick a script.'”
What always intrigued him about that restaurant, he said, was that it was a diner but with a strong French influence. By going to other places in the city over the years, the bistro idea just got ingrained in him, Parkhurst said
He’d started looking at the location (8402 Georgia Ave.) and talking to the landlord eight years ago before actually jumping out on his own with Lina’s. He spent about two and half months renovating the space to get ready for the opening.
“Frankly, that’s their best moment of the day, when they can get on the floor and practice and they’ll forget about — for that period of time — what’s going on,” Grossman said. “It weighs on everybody’s minds. It weighs on the coaches’ minds, I’m sure on the players’ minds, you have to reassure them that everything’s going to be OK and whatnot. The saddest part is Coach works all of his life to build a program on his own reputation and you sell it to recruits and they, of course, do their due diligence … come for a campus visit, check out the coaches, this and that and up until this moment, it’s been just flawless under his leadership. Now, you’ve got this taking place and it’s just highly disruptive to the recruiting process.
“I would just like the folks out there who believe in the truth and believe in the university to hang in there. We’ll get through this. We’re doing all we can to cooperate.”
Interweaving pop culture icons, music, symbols of materialism, and unforgettable characters, McKay has created a masterpiece about the greed, stupidity, hubris, and arrogance of Wall Street bankers gone wild. He captures the idiocy and complete capture of the rating agencies (S&P, Moodys). He reveals the ineptitude and dysfunction of the SEC, where the goal of these regulators was to get a high paying job with banks they were supposed to regulate. He skewers the faux financial journalists at the Wall Street Journal who didn’t want to rock the boat with the truth about the greatest fraud ever committed.
This movie cuts through the crap and reveals those in power to be corrupt, greedy weasels who aren’t really as smart as they want you to think they are. The finale of the movie is sobering and infuriating. After unequivocally proving that Wall Street bankers, aided and abetted by the Federal Reserve, Congress, the SEC, and the mainstream media, destroyed the global financial system, put tens of millions out of work, got six million people tossed from their homes, and created the worst crisis since the Great Depression, the filmmakers are left to provide the depressing conclusion.
No bankers went to jail. The Too Big To Fail banks were not broken up – they were bailed out by the American taxpayers. They actually got bigger. Their profits have reached new heights, while the average family has seen their income fall. Wall Street is paying out record bonuses, while 46 million people are on food stamps. Wall Street and their lackeys at the Federal Reserve call the shots in this country. They don’t give a fuck about you. And they’re doing it again.
Every American should see this movie and get fucking pissed off. The theater was deathly silent at the end of the movie. The audience was stunned by the fact that the criminals on Wall Street got away with the crime of the century, and they’re still on the loose. I had a great discussion with my 16 year old son on the way home. At least there is one millennial who understand how bad his generation is getting screwed.
Potter said she would soon rule on whether the mistake meant the internet mogul should get his property back.
Davutoglu’s authority had been weakened recently after party leadership stripped the prime minister of some powers. Before a meeting between the two leaders late Wednesday, Erdogan alluded to their tensions. He said, according to the Hurriyet Daily News, “What matters is that you should not forget how you got to your post.”
“Buckle your seatbelt and get ready.” That’s Jon Stewart‘s message to us.
“He needs to get in shape and we need to see how far along he is,” Duquette said. “He needs to get the rust off. I’m not sure how much he was able to train in Haiti.
So hang on, snoopy. You can minimize the damage both to your own conscience and to your relationship by following our three rules of digital snooping. (They're completely made up, but this is a netiquette column so we get to do that -- deal with it.)
What's making you feel all squirmy? Are you bothered by the fact that you saw something that wasn't meant for you, or by the content of what you saw? If it's the former, hats off to you for having a superhuman guilt reflex; there's no reason to tell your friend you saw that embarrassing follow-up e-mail from her gynecologist, so get over it, even if 'fessing up would make you feel better.
To get all this working on your Raspberry Pi, there’s a fair amount of configuration. The best references are bgreat’s own comments in the thread, but I’ve tried to include everything here.
The Senate on Thursday voted twice to try to keep student loan interest rates low – but got nowhere.
England’s ginger giant plays his 50th tournament in Hong Kong, adding another stamp on his accomplished international career that began in Dubai in 2008 and also includes two 7s World Cups and a Commonwealth Games. The aerial specialist is approaching his 30th birthday but remains in peak physical condition and one of the premier support players on the circuit. Six years is a lengthy career in this competition, but his old teammate Simon Amor will be hoping he can get a couple more from one of his on-field lieutenants.
In the people's office of Cuyahoga Cty, Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty waiting for two police officers to be arrested for the murder of Tamir Rice, 12-year-old gunned down in Cleveland, 6 mm onths ago. Join us, we got peanut butter n jelly sandwiches. Posted by Don Bryant on Tuesday, June 16, 2015
About 82 percent of TV households nationwide subscribe to some form of pay-TV service, according to Leichtman. That’s down 5 percent from 2011. As consumer behavior changed, and the technology got better, TV programmers took notice and started going over the top.
When Edward Warren says things are about to get weird, you can count on it being an understatement.
Meanwhile, this journey of discovery is juxtaposed with Finch and Crane’s mad dash to find Alice. Adding to the desperation of the search is their attempt to make sense of the evening’s brutal violence. Throw in a meeting between Finch and Marigold–along with Crane alluding to an even more improbable upcoming alliance–and you’ve got a couple of riveting plot lines to follow.
As usual, Mike Henderson’s artwork is outstanding. He and colorist Adam Guzowski do a fantastic job rendering the issue’s many location and mood changes. I also love the way Henderson draws the returning character so differently from how we got used to seeing him/her before. As good as he is at drawing gore and scary guys in armor, Henderson’s ability to portray a character’s emotions and mental state might be his greatest strength.
As is? Does that include all of the movie memorabelia reportedly still in the home? It’s a 4 bedroom, 4 bath home with roughly 5300 square feet of living space. If I can get 2,400 to each contribute $1000 . . . well, I’ll be leaving the country. But wow, that would be a cool home to own.
My linguistic skills improved slowly over the next year, with frequent visits to Georgia, me listening to Georgian radio and news in my office in London, and a year to the day that I first visited Georgia, I decided to move there. I got a job as a Medical Director and my daily sentence structure mostly consisted of an English base, with some Russian words thrown in and ending it with ‘Aba ra’ – I didn’t really know what I was saying, but knew I could finish off a sentence this way without sounding too conspicuous. I recently had a conversation with my friend about the meaning of the word ‘Aba’, and how it can be translated into English. To this day, I cannot find one single word to define its numerous connotations in Georgian.
And Vicky Szulist, chair of patient organisation Healthwatch, warned against the move being a ‘done deal by the time it gets to patients’.
Two years ago trying to get to such a point had felt like ‘walking through custard’, he added.
“We want to stay focused to make sure that we get the network on the air to the entire market as quickly as possible. There are logistics involved. We’ve got to get with the Root Sports folks, but there is a clear path. We appreciate the judge for that path and it’s a great day for Rockets fans, Astros fans and sports fans in Houston.”
Shelling resumed shortly after daybreak on Monday, says BBC's Paul Wood who has managed to get into the city, and hundreds of shells and mortars have been fired throughout the day.
Mr Dayem said only one field hospital with four doctors was still operating in the city, and it was virtually impossible to get additional medication without being shot.
These two realizations go hand in hand. Had Manafort, a dark mage of political image-making, been successful in reshaping the Trump campaign, we would have declared Trump a clown who got lucky in the primaries and smartly bent a knee to the party apparatus. But it seems the correct view now is that an unstoppably destructive force has, in the span of a year, laid waste not only to the brightest lights of the Republican Party, but to the party’s own best attempt to give him the very thing he’s ostensibly running for.
Shortly after reading that, and re-reading it, I got to thinking, Hey, wouldn't it be cool if I could somehow persuade Matthew to do an interview with me for Remy's World? Shortly after that, I thought to myself, Maybe I should try contacting him to see. And shortly after that, I actually followed through.
I ran the White River 50-mile ultra at the end of July, and then a week later ran the Grande Ridge 13.1. The ultra didn't go so well. I'd done it two years before and flew through the course, loving every minute of it. (Almost every minute, anyway. I'm not sure love adequately describes how I felt at mile 47). This year when I ran it I got really sick at mile 17: nausea, dry-heaving, and stomach spasms. I managed to lumber my way to mile 50, but I was an hour slower than my previous time. A week later I ran the Grande Ridge half marathon trail run. It had some respectable elevation gains, but the race went really well. After running WR50 I wanted to do a quick race that I could just sail through and enjoy, without all the relentless 11 hours of agony that comes with running an ultra.
We've all got loudspeakers in our heads that are constantly shouting fears, worries, and doubts at us. Running, at least for me, turns the volume on that loudspeaker way down. It's my way of saying "Hey brain, shut the f**k up for a half-hour. I'm taking a little vacation from you." It makes terrible thoughts seem trivial, albeit temporarily. I don't know if it's just the endorphins doing the work on that one, but if so it's a drug-addiction I fully endorse.
My eating habits are that of a circus animal. Every time I do a trick, I get a reward. Ran 20 miles? Heck yes it's time for meatloaf and gummy bears. The best advice I can give other runners is to not eat like I do.
A few years ago I ran with a group, which I really enjoyed. We'd meet at various trails all over Washington state and I'd get paired up with various runners. Nowadays I run by myself most of the time. Running is kind of a private matter for me. I'm not one of those people that slathers their Facebook wall in posts every time they go outside and exercise.
How often do you get recognized while running or racing?
Like, in my pants? No. Although I did get the runs pretty bad while out on an 18-mile trail run by myself. I wound up crapping all over the place and using my 2009 Seattle Marathon shirt as toilet paper. It was one of my favorite running shirts so I had this idea in my head that I could just wash it in a stream and then properly wash it when I got home. I eventually defiled the shirt enough times that I wound up throwing it into the woods. As far as I know that shirt is still out there on a mountain somewhere, along with my dignity.
According to statistics presented by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel (PCATI) based on hundreds of prison visits, there were 66 alleged acts of torture or abuse in the second half of 2014, up from 19 alleged acts in the first half of the year.PCATI did not distinguish between acts of torture and acts of abuse. It generally takes the position that it is simply fighting all deviant interrogation practices.What is considered illegal torture or abuse versus, sometimes permitted under Israeli law, “moderate physical pressure,” is hotly debated both domestically and globally, with international law often giving few specifics.“Moderate physical pressure” is a synonym for enhanced interrogation or pressure short of what the High Court of Justice would forbid as torture, and has been permitted for the sake of stopping a “ticking bomb” terrorist attack since a 1999 court decision – which also prohibited anything more than moderate pressure.Of the 85 alleged acts for 2014, PCATI said that 48 complaints were submitted “to various investigatory powers,” including the Justice Ministry.The 48 complaints themselves involve fewer than 48 Palestinians as some of them submitted multiple complaints.Breaking down the 48 complaints: 23 were filed against the Shin Bet, 14 against the IDF, nine against the police or border police and two against the Prisons Service.Since June 2014, 18 complaints claimed their interrogators used the “frog” or “banana” (contorted) positions against them, 19 complained of sleep deprivation, 12 of beatings during interrogation, eight of sexual harassment or assault during the interrogation, seven of physical violence during arrest and two of being physically shaken against High Court dictates.PCATI said that the use of the “frog” and “banana” positions were most noteworthy since these methods had been used only 10 times in the prior four years.No specifics were provided regarding the individual cases that made up the basis of the statistics, though some information is protected under gag order.On March 3, 2014, the state attorney confirmed to the High Court that the Shin Bet does currently use moderate physical pressure in a small number of ticking bomb cases.On June 18, 2014 multiple media reports said that a senior military source had told them that the Shin Bet was using moderate physical pressure on certain Hamas agents to get operational information for finding the kidnappers of three murdered Jewish teens, whose kidnapping brought about Operation Brothers’ Keeper.The military source also said that the Shin Bet had gotten special approval for using enhanced interrogation from Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.A number of harsher and controversial tactics have been employed by the state in responding to increased security challenges since June 2014, such as house demolitions, though unlike torture, house demolitions were never forbidden by the High Court.The Justice Ministry at the time referred all question to the Shin Bet.The Jerusalem Post investigated the reports at the time, and each media source stood by the story, while security officials neither confirmed nor denied the statement, other than that the Shin Bet said that it neither asked for nor needs prior approval to undertake interrogations.If true, the new PCATI statistics would confirm the June reports.However, without assessing individual cases regarding each complaint’s veracity and whether, if moderate physical pressure was used, the Shin Bet would have a necessity defense for having tried to prevent a “ticking bomb” attack, it is impossible to know whether the complaints could legally carry criminal charges.PCATI director Ishai Menuchin said, “some of the torture methods that were used are in full violation of High Court decisions... including giving advance approval for torture.”He said that at least three detainees had been told by their interrogators that their torture had been approved by the attorney- general or other officials – which he called illegal.Menuchin added that some detainees were allegedly tortured only after having been in administrative detention for some time, such that he questioned how they could provide updated and current information to help stop a ticking bomb attack.The IDF, police and Prisons Service said that they could not respond without information about the specific allegations.The Shin Bet did say, however, that it “acts solely within the law and is open to both internal and external oversight and criticism, including the state comptroller, the state attorney, the attorney-general, the Knesset and the courts.”It continued, “Shin Bet detainees receive their full humanitarian rights that they are entitled to under the law, including: medical attention, meetings with lawyers and ICRC visits.”Further, the Shin Bet stated, “every detainee complaint is passed on directly and immediately to the Justice Ministry’s head Shin Bet investigator, and handled by her.”The statement concluded, “all decisions regarding handling of the complaints and taking follow- up actions regarding them, on the basis of reviews, are decided by the Justice Ministry.”Of around 1,000 similar complaints filed since 2001, not a single criminal investigation has been opened to date, leading the Justice Ministry to take over investigations of complaints of torture against the Shin Bet in June 2013.The new Justice Ministry division, which became fully operational in 2014, has sped up processing of complaints, but the jury is still out on whether it will be viewed as handling complaints better than the Shin Bet did.Yaakov Lappin and Ben Hartman contributed to this report.
Hawkeye tasks the team with making sure that the people who need the food get it which means hijacking a food convoy and locating one of Nick Fury’s secret bases for supplies that the resistance needs.
Upon learning that some of the young X-Men have been captured Magneto, says that he plans to honor his promise to Hydra-Cap not to get involved with the mutant nation, but he has ways he can help rescue the captured X-Men.
Here’s a not so shocking fact for you – gay men are no more a monolithic entity than any other social group. We know it’s not okay to begin sentences with hideously sweeping, absolutist statements like “all Muslims are…” or “all Chinese people are…”, because those statements are almost always demonstrably fallacious. Not all gay men grope women in clubs. Not all gay men go to clubs. Not all gay men would routinely walk up to a woman they barely know and start telling her what is wrong with the way she looks or the clothes she wears. Don’t get me wrong – it happens, and the rest of us should do whatever we can to smash that kind of bullshit wherever we experience it. Akili’s problem is that he extrapolates out from his own personal experiences of a small subsection of a nationally-defined subculture and attempts to apply his findings to “all gay men” – a mythically homogenous group if ever there was one.
"Indian Muslims have made people like Aurangzeb their heroes. That's why Saif Ali Khan has named his son Taimur. His wife says my husband is a historian. Is this what they got in history?" Fatah asked.
Cross: We’re still trying to get Jodelle to sing, but she keeps refusing. I don’t know why.
O’Neil: I love the hallways, they’re so great. They just look so industrial and grimy. I feel like in those areas, that’s where you can see that we’ve got a “beater” for a ship. It’s not like we’re flying around in some Cadillac. It’s utilitarian and I feel like the corridors really show that off the best.
Cross: We’ve got a pretty cool screen in the commissary, too. It’s the screens that never line up and drive Jodelle crazy.
Ferland: You know, I wasn’t really sure what to expect. When I saw that I was going to be crawling through all those vents I thought, “that will be fun” and then I actually got in there and I was like, “I might’ve been a little bit wrong.” I can’t say that if I had a little bit of free time that I wouldn’t go find some vents to crawl through, but it’s definitely worth it when I watch afterwards because I go, “Wow. That looked really cool, I’m glad that I did it.” But, yeah, it’s never as much fun as you think it’s going to be, but I still enjoyed doing it.
Jodelle, I know you’re a big fan of Doctor Who. There’s a great “technobabble” line uttered by the third Doctor when he says, “reverse the polarity of the neutron flow.” It became a kind of catchphrase in its day. Back in episode 10 when you were wiring up the android to open the vault door you said, “If I don’t adjust the inverter to minimize harmonic distortion we’ll get pulsating torque and the whole thing will fry.” Am I the only one who made this association? Because when I heard it I thought, “She’s got her Doctor Who moment here!”
Mallozzi: Well, I’m going to show my age, but I don’t watch Big Brother. When I was a kid I read a lot of Agatha Christie and the finale is essentially Ten Little Indians where basically you’ve got a group of people and they start dropping one by one. There’s a dying realization that if there’s no outside force here, then it’s one of them, and as the mystery deepens distrust grows and you see alliances shift. Really, that’s where my inspiration comes, but Big Brother is a good reference, too.
Mallozzi: We were actually shooting by an airport and the poor guy has to deliver this incredibly long monologue. He’d get into it and then 30 seconds in a plane would buzz the area and we’d have to cut and start over again. He ended up delivering an entire monologue in pieces, but he was super professional and super focused and just a very nice guy to work with.
Ferland: I knew we were going to have Wil Wheaton on the show, but I never got to meet him! I was so sad. What happened is that I … nobody told me. I was at the computer at home after work and I saw something on his Instagram of Facebook and it was a small piece of the Dark Matter logo and he was saying it was a hint of what he was working on. And I looked at it for a while and I thought that looks really familiar, then I was like, “Wait a minute!” Then I texted Joe right away and I was like, “Wil Wheaton’s on our show! Why didn’t you tell me?” I was very excited about it and hopefully I’ll get to meet him some day.
Ferland: Every episode had something that shocked the team. Every time we got a script we just wanted the next one.
Ferland: Yeah, and we were bothering Joe non-stop asking, “Please, please give us the next episode. Tell us what happens. You can’t do this to us!” but we got nothing out of him.
O’Neil: I was watching the finale on my iPad and yelling at the screen. So we better find out, we really better get a second season. I want to know how it ends.
Conservative groups who follow judicial candidates are digging through his record. Carrie Severino of the Judicial Crisis Network says given the recent change in Senate rules, she thinks White will get through this time.
"It's definitely clear that with the new 51-vote threshold it's going to be very difficult to stop his nomination," Severino says. "So I think they're hoping to get through now some of these more extreme nominees that before would have required a bipartisan consensus to move on."
Dealers get drugs and mobile phones thrown over prison walls
They are raking in tens of thousands of pounds from operations while inside jails. With a captive market, they can charge fellow inmates more for drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine than they can sell them for on the outside. In some cases, heroin is 10 times dearer inside prisons than out on the streets. Dealers are deliberately setting out to get caught for ­relatively minor offences they know will result in a three-month jail term. Having already set up bank accounts, they smuggle mobile phones into the prison. Drug-using inmates then call friends and relatives with the account details so they can make cash deposits into the dealer’s bank.
“Most use mobile phones but some are so brazen they even use the prison phones which are recorded. Getting the drugs into jail is no problem. They are thrown over the wall at designated times, again organised via the mobile phones. “If the phones get confiscated, a new one can be delivered in much the same way.” The source said prison visitors also bring in large quantities of drugs, often hiding them in the clothing of young child­ren. A common ploy is to smuggle the drugs inside a baby’s nappy, as these are not checked by the guards.
He said: “I have been moved between 13 different prisons during this last stretch, all across Britain, and this scam was happening at every prison. It would be so easy to stop but most of the screws can’t be bothered because it would only mean more grief and paperwork for them to do. “A prisoner who is an addict is a lot easier to handle if he has got his fix than if he’s being deprived it. “I reckon about 80 per cent of the prisoners I have come into contact with are addicts. Even if they’re not smack heads when they go inside, there is so much temptation and boredom once they are banged up that most give in.
“The Westerners didn’t want Qaddafi, and they got rid of him, and they created problems for all of us,” he said. “When you chased Qaddafi out in that barbaric fashion, you created 10 more Qaddafis. The whole Saharo-Sahelian region has become unlivable.”
Both handsets didn’t even get to complete the gaming portion. The Huawei P9 finished with a total performance time of three hours and 20 minutes while the Huawei P10 lasted four hours and 10 minutes.
SOUTH AFRICA INSISTS 'NO IMMEDIATE DANGER' DESPITE TERROR WARNING South Africa has moved to allayed fears after Washington warned Americans of a possibly imminent terror attack by Islamic extremists in the country's major cities. 'We remain a strong and stable democratic country and there is no immediate danger,' State Security Minister David Mahlobo said in a statement. The United States on Saturday said it had received information that terrorist groups were planning to carry out attacks in South Africa during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. The warning said attacks may target sites frequented by US citizens, including high-end shopping areas and malls in the economic hub of Johannesburg and Cape Town, which is popular with tourists. It came against the background of ISIS' 'public call for its adherents to carry out terrorist attacks globally during the upcoming month of Ramadan,' the US embassy in South Africa said. But the South African government played down the threat. State security ministry spokesman Brian Dube said authorities have not stepped up security following the alert. He said: 'Our information has not necessarily confirmed what has been raised by the Americans.' This is the second alert the US has issued for South Africa in under a year and was followed by British government travel advice, cautioning against a 'high threat from terrorism' in South Africa. 'Attacks could be indiscriminate, including in places visited by foreigners such as shopping areas in Johannesburg and Cape Town,' said the online foreign travel advice. South Africa has so far escaped the jihadist attacks seen in several other African countries. But according to Robert Besseling, Executive Director at Ex Africa Business Risk Intelligence, a threat of Islamist terrorism in South Africa was real. 'A successful terrorist attack in South Africa is feasible, given police ineffectiveness, serious weaknesses within the intelligence apparatus, and the lack of a counter-terrorism strategy,' he said in a statement. However, a local analyst said South Africa's neutral foreign policy did not place it at risk. 'We don't have a history of terrorism here, we have got a foreign policy that's quite neutral, we don't engage in any counter-insurgency operations either on the continent or elsewhere that would place us in at risk of retaliatory attacks,' said Ryan Cummings, an analyst with Cape Town-based Signal Risk think tank.
He roars in next ball and follows right through to Renshaw to let him know how he's feeling. Soon he hits Renshaw on the hip. Another ball gets stuck in Renshaw's helmet after rattling around his face for a second. Then there is a bouncer that Renshaw barely avoids.
When Ishant goes straight and gets one to skid a bit, Renshaw is trapped plumb in front. He shrugs his shoulders and leaves the ground, practising the shot he should have played as the shadow people dance and rejoice.
In Bengaluru, Nathan Lyon got them off to a great start, and then it was the batmen's turn to step up. On a day when India were outstanding, Australia tried to just get far enough in front to win the game. As good as Shaun Marsh had been, it was his wicket at the close on day two that ultimately kept India in it. When Smith dropped Pujara, India battled to a lead big enough that Australia with a team of their very best players of spin would have struggled to get over the line. The chase and pitch was set up for an Australian collapse.
Australia have also been clever at little things. After O'Keefe's 12-wicket haul in Pune it would have been easy to think he would be a strike bowler in India, but Australia went straight back to using him as their stock bowler. It allowed Hazlewood more rest, it allowed Starc (Cummins) to be Starc (Cummins), and when Lyon's callous opened up, for O'Keefe to at least stop India getting away. They also got the ball to reverse while using their bowlers far better than Kohli used his. They played spin better over the first two Tests, they fielded and caught better, and they came up with intelligent plans and stuck to them well.
Even with the restriction of India's lead, and how long it took them to get there, there were problems for Australia. They had only faced more than 100 overs in the fourth innings of an Asian Test once, against Bangladesh, in 2006. The last time Australia batted an extended period to draw a game was six years ago in Sri Lanka. They hadn't won a series since then either. They had only batted 100 overs in their second innings in Asia 16 times.
That got them two players who have been important since, Renshaw and Handscomb, and to be fair, Maxwell was out of favour, and Chris Lynn was injured, so Maddinson was probably third choice anyway.
It was that cricket brain that shone again today. For 28 straight balls Marsh, who had fought hard against Jadeja in the rough, didn't have to face Jadeja in the rough. When India finally got Jadeja back at Marsh, it was halfway through the day, the ball was softer, Jadeja wasn't in rhythm, and the spit and fire were long gone.
For the rest of the day, the two played so incredibly smart. Marsh made sure to get outside the line, Handscomb took 13 runs off a poor over from Ashwin, so India would have to take him off and change their plans. They looked for runs, turned the strike over when it suited them, and played the kind of cricket Australians don't play in India that often.
Had those two got out, the Test could have ended poorly for Australia. Wade could have got a ball from the rough, and then the tail would have not only had to handle the spinners and the pitch, but also the crowd.
“We are now trying to get as many details as we can.”
Make your wishlist before the big day. Go to stores and analyze those products to be sure about their quality and their features. Check the store policies and be sure that you can return a product if you don’t like it or it doesn’t fit you. Then wait to attack the sales from the comfort of your home. Focus on mobile apps. A recent study published by Apptentive shows that 88% of consumers use retail mobile apps. This makes sense because apps are more customized and user friendly and they know what you are looking for before you press any button. Trust the evolution of technology and forget about the tiring mornings when you were waiting for stores to open their doors and after that you were struggling to reach other promotions. That’s history. Show your fidelity for some brands. Many companies offer special promotions for loyal customers who use frequently their app. Opt for receiving push notifications and wait for those messages that will announce top sales for your favorite products. If you still like to go to some specific stores for Black Friday choose those apps that can help you find the best route to get there or other apps that allow you to compare very fast, prices and characteristics of products. Test them before to be sure that they do what you want. Be careful for the shipping fee. There are a lot of retailers that offer free shipping. These benefits make you save time and money, which is the main target of using your mobile devices for Black Friday.
Update your application. Prepare your app for this “holiday” and offer your users an unforgettable experience. Let images and layouts to tell the story of this event and don’t forget that your app should fit perfectly for all types of devices. Don’t wait for the big day to arrive. Start now to change your app’s interface as a promise of professionalism to your users and allow them to imagine what will happen for Black Friday. Keep in mind that mobile purchases are expected to hit 20 billion in the next period, as Apptentive NO errors. It is great to change colors and images for this period but, this effort means nothing if your app will crush in that specific day. The time is limited and it is unacceptable to let users struggle to make their purchases or to view your offers. Should I say more? Test your app 100 times if need it to be sure that everything will go as planned. Implement easy payment methods. All what users want in that day is to complete as fast as possible a transaction and to move on to the next one. If they need to remember their card number and all the personal information they will abandon the shopping cart in an instance. Allow people to use any fast payment services like Apple Pay or Android Pay and everything will go faster. Messaging is the key. Use in – app messages and push notifications to announce your users about the improvements you made to your app and about the promotions for this occasion. It’s useless to make the best offers if nobody knows about them. Use deep linking. If you spread the word about the huge advantage of using your app during Black Friday, be sure that users won’t get lost inside your app in that rush and allow them to land on the same page where they can find the promotion they are looking for. Take advantages of mobile moments. This is the perfect period of the year not only for increasing your revenue, but for user acquisition and especially for user retention. Focus on attracting your customers offering an amazing experience overall and they will come back to your app after the Black Friday, too.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
With a Sportback four-door version of the current S5 having already been sold in certain markets, that sounds like a pretty broad hint that we’re likely to get an RS5 Sportback rather than an RS4. RS4 Avant or RS5 Sportback, we’ll take Audi’s maximum A4 however we can get it.
With cloud and big data in particular I think there’s a real danger in buying into the hype without understanding the implications. If you do that, it’s almost certain you will make bad decisions. With big data, the risk is that you find the answer you’re looking for –whatever it is. It’s a psychological fact that if you have a preconceived notion, data will help drive to that point of view. If you say, “What is impacting my sales growth…and by the way I think it’s poor product performance,” you’re magically going to get a lot of data coming in about poor product performance and it will validate that notion. This predictive bias often ends up being an organizational, structural, and mindset issue.
In the same way, you can’t decide to be a cloud-first organization without deciding what cloud first should mean for you. Does it mean Platform-as-a-Service or email? Does it mean development or delivery? If you don’t get into the right level of detail, you’re sending your teams into blood fights to battle for what they want, versus what the strategic direction is. Leaders need to take a more active role in getting into the details of what is meant by these strategic decisions. You don’t want to micromanage things, but at a very minimum you should be sending teams off to come back with the critical decisions that need to be made and have those discussions and make those decisions at the right levels. If the bosses are not aligned the employees will be wasting precious time fighting losing battles. Sometimes it’s easier not to have fights with your peers, but that just means you’re leaving it for your employees and that is simply cowardice. Forcing uncomfortable discussions about what a cloud or big data strategy means and then getting into the detail is often the better course to take.
Executives have to drill in to get agreement at the deeper levels. They have to make the hard decisions. If you’ve got three bosses that aren’t aligned, it’s patently unfair to expect their teams to get aligned. So if you have to have uncomfortable conversations, have them.
But nobody wants to do waterfall, so you get sprawl of organizations saying we do agile. What they often want is to do waterfall with limited documentation and agile practices, which is going to cause more problems than do good. There may be a fear you can’t get the right talent. There’s a real passion that says, “I can’t get the talent I want unless I’m doing agile.” Then organizations do agile but don’t have real product managers and they aren’t really managing stories. You’re doing some things, but not in a way that’s valuable.
“He’s just got a lot of experience. I like the way he moves the ball, passes the ball,” Van Gundy said of Blake after Sunday’s practice. “I thought Spencer, though, has played four pretty good games in a row. I’ve been happy with him. He’s played a lot better. I thought early in the preseason he was not real solid. He was very up and down. But over the last four games, I think he was good.”
Civic Platform, the pro-market party that governed for the last eight years, got 24.1% of the vote.
Three other parties also won enough votes to get seats in parliament: a new right-wing party led by rock star Pawel Kukiz with 8.8%; a new pro-business party, Modern Poland, with 7.6%; and the agrarian Polish People's Party with 5.1%.
The election authority is expected to announce how many seats the parties get in parliament on Tuesday.
Now that Congress is back in session, it's time to do the people's business again. So let's get on with the nuisance hearings again, shall we?
Hold on a second. Common sense got caught in my throat there for a minute. The crime dog on this case is…this guy? I mean, really, this guy? At least Trey Gowdy was a prosecutor once. This guy is a former reality show star who first got famous as a politician by whining about his congressional salary. This is that deep bench again.
Lindy West: What comes through in this letter is that their relationship isn't "real" until she can fix herself. That's how I felt about myself; I needed to fix this problem that made me not a real woman and not worthy of the respect that every other human being deserves. Everything was on hold until I could make myself thin. There was just this really low-grade despair all the time, because the narrative that you're fed is that as a woman, your job is to be pretty and small — small physically and small in your presence. And then you wait for someone to pick you. I was always very aware that I didn't look like the kind of girl who got picked, and so I was sort of resigned to the fact that I would be alone.
You can get more advice from the Sugars each week on Dear Sugar Radio from WBUR. Listen to the full episode to hear more discussion about how weight and physical appearance can affect relationships.
Instead of blowing into a machine which keep their cars from starting, they may have to get their breath tested twice a day.
Letting drivers with multiple DUI offenses get behind the wheel without interlock devices would be a major shift in policy, Douglas Mannheimer, a lobbyist for Alcohol Countermeasure Systems, told the House panel last week. ACS is one of three interlock vendors now doing business with the state.
“The difference in policy now is that person that’s in the program may … go to the convenience store, buy something, get in that car. Right now … the car would not start,” Mannheimer said.
Some leaked documents belonging to the German government that got leaked during the summer indicated that local authorities have been advised to avoid using Windows 8 due to a potential backdoor hidden in the operating system.
"That's how I feel about the games industry," he said. "Why aren't people fixing this indie problem? Why the fuck do I have to go do it? Alright, I'll do it. Somebody's got to."
The method used to derive the biases and skew is designed for 3 rather than 5 party politics. Anyone who can come up with a method for the n-party case gets themselves a published paper.
"When we talked about the helicopter, that is now with the Department of Finance so I don't think it's appropriate to talk about it any further, except to say, if you look at other people's charter allowances, I think Mr [Tony] Burke spent in the same period $31,000. You have got to get things into proportion," she said. "The best form of apology is to repay the money." A journalist countered: "The best form of apology, Mrs Bishop, is to say 'I'm sorry.' " But she swatted away that question and claims her case was comparable to that of Mr Slipper, who faced public wrath over his use of Cabcharge dockets, describing it as "totally a different matter altogether". And Mrs Bishop also attempted to justify the huge expenditure involved in a recent two-week trip to Europe.
Her father rushed into the living room and tried to get help, but when he was walking to the door, she cut him too, according to the report.
High tech companies keep trying to push their products onto the trail either in your backpack or on your wrist. Mapping apps for smart phones and ipads. Solar powered recharging stations so you can recharge your ipad and smart phone. But many hikers, backpackers and trail runners continue to eschew the idea of letting technology get between them and the trail. But this spring the newest high tech product for hikers will actually come between you and the trail – as long as you are wearing socks. Really smart socks.
Appearing on the British late night talk show, The Graham Norton Show, Clinton and the out gay host, started chatting about the Trump inauguration and her attempt to get out of attending. (Because, seriously, would you want to go? You didn’t even run against him and the ceremony probably turned your stomach.)
They get into an argument, with Ms Treacy insisting the Moon is not a planet, and both pleading with viewers to Google the answer.
"I think who was this hapless soldier out fighting Nazis in the middle of the desert who saw a beetle and thought 'I've got to have that and take it home' and now it's in our collection."
A Meowth on 46th and 6th almost made me miss a historic night on Broadway, the last performance of Hamilton for star/creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, as well as Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. (Aaron Burr), Phillipa Soo (Eliza Hamilton), and ensemble member Ariana DeBose. I was blocks away from the Richard Rogers Theatre, with my head down, looking at my Pokémon Go screen, and out of nowhere, one of my favorite Pokémon shows up. I needed to get to the theater, because I knew the scene outside would be a biblical shit-show, but this was Meowth. So I turned and walked the opposite direction from the theater, in an attempt to catch it.
It took seven Pokéballs, one slight stumble off the curb, and dirty looks from a family that thought I was creepily taking pictures of them when in reality they were just standing right behind this beautiful Pokémon, but I got it.
One person started clapping, and then more people started clapping, and then a few people stood up, and then the entire room was giving John Kerry a standing ovation. Sorry, Ms. Lopez, but it looks like there’s a new belt-holder in town. And I don’t know why, but I felt great for Kerry in this moment. He’s not really hurting in any way, but it was nice to see him get some public respect. It’s easy to forget about Yung Swift Boat, so this was great.
I wondered if he’d seen the show before. I wondered if there were parts of this that might get a bit real for him. I mean, he always kind of wanted to be in the room where —
And then things got really good. The Kerry meet-and-greet picked up steam again, with the long-armed Kerry now taking the selfies himself, again crowding the staircase.
Which made it comically difficult for Aaron Paul to get where he needed to go.
In 2012, Corben was hired to analyze eight poorly performing intersections in Edmonton, Sherwood Park and St. Albert. All have common safety flaws that created the possibility of a T-bone crash when a person turns left or runs a red, which is the most dangerous way for a vehicle to get hit.
Usually on TechniqueWOD we break down movements into their essential components and demonstrate how they should be done. But this week we thought we’d offer you a different kind of experience, something you don’t get to see that often.
This week Anders leads our friend Christmas Abbott through some intense technique work for the snatch. If you’re an aspiring coach pay very close attention and get your notepad ready. There are about a million knowledge bombs here that you’re going to want to write down.
. Want more TechniqueWOD? We’ve got you covered.
However, there is no substitute for an understanding of the lexical, syntactical, grammatical structures, and nuances of the original languages. All you will truly get from an interlinear is the original word order and perhaps some good lexical definition. One could easily mistake such a brief passing acquaintance for a close relationship with the original text, but that would be to fool oneself. If your acquaintance with the original languages is based on an interlinear, your relationship with them is on the level of “just met.” So please don’t go around telling people that you’re married.
If you’ve come from a long tradition of using the KJV, it may be hard for you to even read the Bible in anything other than “King James English.” Many have formed a deep emotional attachment to this translation . I would never try to get anyone to stop using it. In fact, I think every Christian should own and read a copy of the KJV. We just shouldn’t claim it’s perfect or that it’s the only translation God approves of. Using the KJV will leave you with the impression that you’ve been in the presence of royalty, and its rhythmic prose and enduring turns of phrase will leave a lasting impression upon your heart and will likely spring easily to mind for many years to come. It is and always will be a great translation with an impressive pedigree. It will always hold a dear place in the hearts of English speaking peoples.
The combined work of over twenty-five prominent biblical scholars, the translation has provided a unique solution to the tensions inherent in translation work. Every translation must balance the competing aims of readability, elegance, and accuracy. The closer a translation moves towards one of these goals, the further they get from the other two. For example, if you glance at the chart of translations above, you see (obviously) that the further one moves to the right, the further he also moves from the left. Deep stuff, I know. This is the inescapable nature of translation work, and every translation inherently faces these tensions.
While I recommend having one “primary reading Bible,” I would suggest that one of the best habits you can form is to never study from only one translation. When you are really digging into Galatians for that Bible study, read the passage from a few different translations. Take note of where they differ. The differences you see between them will give you a good indication of where there may be a textual difficulty in the originals or where there may be several possible ways to render the original language into English. You’ll get the best understanding of the passage if you compare translations from opposite ends of the spectrum. Compare a more functionally equivalent translation with something on the more formal end of the spectrum. Most of these translations are now available free in online formats (e.g. the YouVersion Bible app).
Finally, I would recommend that you make use of a good study Bible. The additional information you will glean from the study notes will enrich your study in ways that you can’t imagine. The NIV study Bible is excellent. The ESV study Bible is one of the most helpful such tools I’ve ever seen. The NET Bible notes are unsurpassed in text-critical questions. If you desire a “TR” translation, the “King James Study Bible” from Thomas Nelson would be right up your alley. Whatever you choose to use, a good study Bible can give you a wealth of background information that you won’t get by reading only the Bible.
Nothing wrong with paying $5 a month provided you WANT it. But I just dont get the thought process behind this ludicrous proposition of making everyone pay even if you never download music. Are we heading towards a communist/socialist internet usage, having to pay up for someone elses losses. I, for one, will not fork it.
How arrogant can these people be? First there was a tax on blank CDs, with the working assumption that anyone who burns a CD is ripping off an artist. How do these funds get disubursed? Why should Anne Murray get paid everytime I back up a database on a CD?
The second event was canceled by "White Lives Matter" protesters shortly after the first march ended. "Apparently it took so long to get through lines in Shelbyville," WTVF journalist Matthew Torres reports.
Two lines for counter protesters in Murfreesboro to get through. One of two checkpoints. MANY items are prohibited. @NC5 pic.twitter.com/8RJAqk8DXE — Matthew Torres (@NC5_MTorres) October 28, 2017
Trump failed to allay concerns during an awkward December appearance before the Republican Jewish Coalition. As many in the audience sat stunned, Trump suggested that he might not win the support of many in the room because he did not want their money. He also said he was best positioned to get a Middle East peace deal because he’s a negotiator, “like you folks.”
“I’m a negotiator,” he said during a debate in Miami last week. “If I go in, I’ll say I’m pro-Israel and I’ve told that to everybody and anybody that would listen. But I would like to at least have the other side think I’m somewhat neutral as to them, so that we can maybe get a deal done.”
But today, there are only a handful of places that will accept this leaded glass. There's a lead smelter in Mississippi, and two more in Canada. And an Indian company, Videocon, is buying it too. But the pipeline of abandoned CRTs is spewing out far more leaded glass than the market can bear. "Nowadays, everything is flat panels. There's just no use for the glass," says Earl Campbell, owner of E-Waste Harvesters in Phoenix. "What you're left with is this glass that you literally have to pay to get rid of."
Sorenson agreed to switch to Ron Paul in exchange for being put on an $8,000 a month under-the-table salary, plus a $100,000 payoff to Sorenson’s personal PAC. Being a thumb-head, Sorenson demanded a $25,000 check, and Dr. Paul’s operative, Kesari, agreed, handing him a check in the name of Kesari’s wife’s jewelry company at an Iowa diner. But as soon as Sorenson got that big fat $25,000 check, he wasn’t sure what he should do with it. So he just held onto it, figuring it would be useful later (and it was useful—to federal prosecutors). Two days after getting the $25,000 check, on December 28, 2011, Sorenson appeared at an early afternoon rally for Bachmann at Pizza Ranch, still playing the role of her campaign’s co-chairman—but he kept silent throughout the Bachmann rally, claiming he couldn’t speak because he’d just had dental work done and his mouth was so numb “he was afraid he would drool on himself,” according to the Des Moines Register.
“We have a choice where we can elect more of the same … or we can elect someone who’s going to transform this country to get it back to what our founding fathers wanted, and I believe that’s Ron Paul.”
Since my election, I’ve learned that doing the right thing isn’t always easy. It’s easy to see why so many legislators “sell out” once elected. The pressure to do so is immense. But what America needs now is a President who will not just “go along to get along.” Instead, we must send someone who puts doing what is right above all else to the White House. That candidate is Ron Paul. If you are as frustrated as I am with what's been done by the ruling class, I urge you to join me in supporting Dr. Paul. We can send the national big government political establishment a message they will never forget by voting for Ron Paul for President in the January 3 Iowa Caucuses.
The next day, December 29, Benton & team had Sen. Sorenson issue a defiant statement that basically said, “You think I get paid for my principles? Wait till you see the FEC filings, then you’ll see that Bachmann is a liar and no one’s paying me anything, by gum!” And then Sorenson and the Paul capos proceeded to forge their FEC filings to funnel their payments to Sorenson through a pair of dummy front companies. Not exactly the sharpest conmen, but brains aren’t much of a requirement for success as a con artist. An empty conscience, some cunning, and the stupid sense that you and your testicles are smarter than everyone else—those are much more important qualities.
By this point, Ron Paul’s people got even lazier and just expensed the last payoffs as “AUDIO/VISUAL EXPENSES” in their FEC filings.
CUT TO: September, 2013. One of Sorenson’s true-believer Christian aides couldn’t stomach the sleaze, spilled the beans and incriminating emails, and landed Sorenson in an ethics committee investigation that he couldn’t crawl out of. At this point, former Ron-now-Rand Paul operative Kesari jetted to neighboring flat state Nebraska so as to not look suspicious, and gunned it straight to Iowa to get that motherfucking $25,000 check from Sorenson that the lughead never cashed.
One thing Sen. Sorenson had some experience with was ratting out others. He ratted out the pot dealer he got busted with and got his sentence reduced to five days and probation, and later, in office, voted to turn up the heat in the War On Drugs (funny how this didn’t bother Ron Paul’s principled people); and last year, after FBI agents raided Sorenson’s home and took his and his family’s computers, Sorenson copped a plea. Now the feds have the very top people in both Ron and Rand Paul’s campaigns for president going back to 2007, campaigns heavily underwritten by Silicon Valley billionaires and true believers...
Those campaign donations that all the boring, unreadable nonprofit watchdog sites report on—that’s the dull accounting stuff for public consumption. The real game is the payoff—the check cashed, the dummy company that gets the wire transfer. First you have to be willing to see that it’s there.
According to Chobanian, Crimea remains completely outside of the international banking system, which means there is no chance at all to conduct any foreign economic activity on the peninsula. The only solution for shopping, payments and financial transactions is the Internet. If you go the usual way, you’ll end up in a bank, standing in a queue to open an account and make a ruble deposit. Then you would have to wait hours in another queue in order to get to the mainland. Once in Krasnodar Krai, you would need to go to another bank, open an account there, and then transfer your funds from a Crimean account to the one you opened in a Krasnodar bank; only then will you eventually be able to effect your payment.
Councillor Mike Layton, who led the charge to have the special meeting even after Mayor Rob Ford declared the casino plan effectively dead last week, put forward the motion to oppose the downtown site. It passed 40 to 4. Mr. Layton also asked council to oppose expansion in the area that includes Woodbine, which passed in a 24-20 vote. Earlier in the meeting Mr. Ford attempted to get support for a compromise that would see expanded gambling at Woodbine. That motion failed 13 to 31.
The City of Toronto had originally counted on collecting $100-million annually for hosting a casino, but that came crashing down after The Globe and Mail reported that would mean a special deal for Toronto. Ms. Wynne told the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. to give all municipalities the same deal, and the new funding formula would see Toronto get a little more than $53-million a year for the downtown site.
APT28 used a different technique to get into the DNC, luring one or more employees to click on a link to a fake webmail domain that mimicked Gmail or another service and tricked them into changing their passwords, thus sharing the new passwords with unseen Russian hackers observing from afar, the report said.
While she pleaded to get right back in there after her 14-second armbar loss to Ronda Rousey, the former title contender instead sat in the sidelines for a year and a half. During that time off, Zingano's weight ballooned up to 175 lbs, and she has slowly dropped the weight in preparation for her return at UFC 200.
How this provocative drama from Oscar winner John Ridley got lost in the programming shuffle — and has yet to be renewed — is one of the more distressing mysteries of the TV season. Ideally, it should have premiered last fall, when audiences were primed for new offerings, instead of being tacked on the schedule in March — after the conclusion of the dopey (and unresolved) Viola Davis acting seminar “How To Get Away With Murder.”
The series, whose eighth episode airs next Thursday, kicks into high gear when the prime suspect, African-American drug addict Carter Nix (Elvis Nolasco), is released in the face of circumstantial evidence. Barb goes ballistic, flat-out telling the cops they don’t know how to do their jobs. She successfully campaigns to have the case reclassified as a hate crime and states her case on television. Not long after, a thrown brick shatters her car window. There is no witness to the crime and the cops can’t do much without one. Barb buys a gun for her own protection, gets a license and starts practicing on a firing range.
“There was shouting and screaming, it was hard for the parents. You get your child vaccinated and then you find your child dying, it’s very hard”.
Recently I was reminded of something I learned ten years ago, while studying in Beijing. It was a month ago, and I was walking into a restaurant in Chengdu, around closing time, with a group of my wife’s friends. It was nearly 9pm and most of the staff were eating their shift meal or clearing tables, waiting for the last diners to finish. I asked a waiter if we could get some food and he responded apologetically that they were closing. Knowing that our dinner options were dwindling, I pleaded our case, asking that they seat us. To deflect my request the waiter said, ‘sorry, we are out of gas’. I knew it was a lie, but I did not take it personally.
A tweet from Ches asking about previewing documents piqued my curiosity so I decided to look into it a little further. His suggestion to try the QuickLook plugin was met with failure, as he mentioned, as there's some weirdness when you try to launch from terminal. From finder it seems to work just fine but that defeats the purpose of being vim-driven, right? The next best thing would be to leverage a native mac app to get a look at what our rendered markdown files look like. The app I prefer is called MacDown and has plenty of good features if you ever feel like dropping into a gui app instead of vim.
So <leader>pre will now open up MacDown with the current document so I can get a good look. Not bad!
General > Put editor on the right. I don't care much about the editor, so it gets shoved right.
For starters, there was the suddenness. On Friday, Mr. Baird went before a microphone in Vladivostok to announce the closing of Canada's embassy in Iran and the expulsion of Iranian diplomats from Canada. Okay, that's because the Canadian government wanted to get all its diplomats safely out of Tehran before it said anything and then Mr. Baird, at a summit in Russia, rushed to the microphone just after 1 a.m. local time.
What do you get when you put together 80 to 100 hard-core database geeks from ten different open source databases for a weekend? OpenSQLCamp , which was held most recently at MIT. Begun three years ago, OpenSQLCamp is a semi-annual unconference for open source database hackers to meet and collaborate on ideas and theories in the industry. It's held at various locations alternately in Europe and the United States, and organized and run by volunteers. This year's conference was organized by Sheeri Cabral, a MySQL community leader who works for PalominoDB
What was striking in the exchange between Bordelais and La Presse was not merely its tone-deafness, however, but just how utterly normal it all seemed: Here was a guy, returning home to his wife and three kids, pissed off to find reporters waiting for him in his driveway. Eventually he would go inside, maybe get something to eat, talk to his kids about their days and go to sleep beside one of the most reviled serial killers in Canadian history. Just like he had done every day for the past seven years.
"That's the hardest part when you have success in spring training like this, you almost start to believe that you're able to do this every day so you have to find a way to stay humble through it," Joseph said. "He's going to get sent down at some point, right? So everybody's going to wonder, 'Why isn't he going to make the team?' Come on, he's got to get more experience. But I think it can do nothing but help his confidence."
Me: Sir, could you please check whether you are able to get the Desktop screen.
That’s because we are deluged with stories of troubled youth whose risk-taking actions got out of hand —sometimes with tragic results. But what if there was a flip-side to youth risk-taking? A side that would make us encourage teenagers to stretch their comfort zones?
In GM's case, federal prosecutors in New York can point to two criminal charges against General Motors, the company, for concealing a deadly defect and for wire fraud. But even here, GM got off easy. The charges are deferred and will be dismissed in three years if GM fixes its recall process under an appointed federal monitor. Prosecutors also left the door open to charging individuals in the future, but nobody should hold their breath. It's hard to see what more investigating could turn up at this stage.
These announcements join a long list of projects in South American logistics proposed by China in recent years. Examples include the construction of a port in Suriname, which will also get a railway and a road connecting Paramaribo with Manaus to facilitate the export of Brazilian minerals; the expansion of Venezuela’s Palúa port, in the Orinoco delta, as a vital complement to the investments announced in Colombia; the overhaul of the Chilean port of Desierto to export iron ore from the Atacama mines; and the expansion of the San Antonio West port in Argentina, to enable the export of agricultural goods cultivated in lands administered by the Chinese themselves.
Aggressiveness: a ball is never given up; fight for every single one. Defending is more about attitude than technique. Players have to want to steal the ball with everything they’ve got and try to be the best defender in the team. Strength in the tackle. Tackle the ball like you mean it but not violently. Do not allow the player with the ball to think. Continuously annoy / disrupt the opponent but without trying to steal the ball, unless they lose control of it. Never lose sight of the ball or the eyes of the player who has it. Exactly the same tip as no.6, but equally crucial in defense. The wing (sideline) is one more defender. Direct the opposition player with the ball towards it. There is no rest when defending and no player should adopt an upright position / stance, as the opposition will exploit the tiniest mistake to score.
All players must defend behind the ball. When you haven’t got the ball all players get back to defend, and all of them should be behind the ball, making it difficult for the opposition to break you down. Never cross over in defence. Talk to each other and change the players being marked. There should be constant communication between defenders
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
To get the previous example to work we can force the Foo object to be of type val if it can be immutable:
b gets a new value of a new instance of Foo and do1 gets passed the old value.
There's a lot more to capabilities and the capabilities section of the tutorial covers a lot. Although there are sane defaults it feels like that 'capability tutorials' will be the Pony equivalent of 'Monad tutorials' in other languages for a while. When I first was learning ATS I spent a lot of time floundering with function annotations to get things to compile, trying random changes, until I learnt how it worked. I'm probably at that stage with capabilities at the moment and I hope it becomes clearer as I write more Pony programs.
While writing Pony code I came across a couple of things to be aware of. Each actor has their own garbage collector but it runs only between behaviour calls. If a behaviour runs for a long time, never calling another actor behaviour, then it can be a while before garbage is collected. An example of where this can happen is a simple Main actor where everything is done in the default constructor and never calls another actor. Benchmarks can be an example here. No GC will occur and you can get an OOM (Out of Memory) situation.
This has only been a quick overview of some features of Pony. There's more too it. Some places to get more Pony information:
Somalia, which has been divided by colonial forces, attacked Ethiopia to get the territory of Ogaden back. Ogaden was mainly populated by Somalis. At this time however, Ethiopia was itself a socialist state supported by the Soviets. This country had been led for a long time by Emperor Selassie. But in the seventies, there was an important mobilization to overthrow him. The students’ movement, in which I personally participated, made four major demands. First, to nonviolently and democratically resolve tensions with Eritrea. Secondly, to establish a land reform that would distribute the lands to the peasants. Thirdly, to establish the principle of equality among the nationalities; Ethiopia was a multinational country led by elite who did not represent the diversity. Fourthly, to abolish the feudal system and to establish a democratic state. As in Somalia, the army was the only organized institution in Ethiopia and the civilians joined the officers to overthrow Selassie in 1974.
This little country leads an independent national policy. Eritrea also has a vision for the whole region: the Horn of Africa (Somalia, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia) do not need foreign powers’ interference; its wealth should allow it to establish new economical relationship on the basis of mutual respect. According to Eritrea, the region must get it together and its members must be able to discuss about their problems. Of course, this policy frightens United States that fears that other countries follow that example. So they accuse Eritrea of sending weapons to Somalia and instigating troubles in Ethiopia.
What should Ahmadinejad do to get the Nobel Price?
“I feel really good swinging,” Rosario said. “It’s something I can do, is hit. Whether they play me here or not play me every day, when I get an opportunity, the time that I do get, I play well. I give the team a chance to win.”
The Rockies on Monday got just two innings from starting pitcher Jorge De La Rosa, then five more from Tyler Matzek on Tuesday — both losses to the Padres at Coors Field. Their relief corps took on too much work in too short a span.
The department recounted a time when he used his personal ATV to plow a path for local children to get to school during the heavy winter, saving them from having to walk into the street to get around the built-up snow.
Smith — clad in dark clothes and a ski mask — was wielding a 9mm pistol with one bullet in the chamber and another in the magazine, Azzata said. But he never got off a shot during the deadly encounter early Friday inside the off-campus house in Uniondale where Rebello lived with her twin sister, Jessica, Azzata said.
The piece doesn’t get much deeper than quoting a few policy-based objections to statements of Francis’s and implying the ones who said them are vaguely disloyal and full of “fear.” This in itself is a bit misleading; the right-leaning journal Crisis ran a piece just recently counseling conservatives to calm down, so the idea that they’re all of a mind with Sean Hannity on this is arrant nonsense.
Well, he wasn’t, he was an Anglican priest, and that isn’t mentioned anywhere in their cover story. This should not have gotten past their fact checkers, if Chris Hughes has bothered to keep any on. I was not the only one who read the piece and got the impression Fr. Hughes was Catholic, which shows a note of clarification is needed.
Douthat alludes to a number of German ecclesiastics who are prepared to tweak the Church’s teaching in various ways, even threatening to go their own way if they don’t get what they want. The head of the German bishops conference even suggested young people who want “to be clear in their positions” have embarked on “the beginning of terrorism,” using rhetoric that is, frankly, similar to Stoker Bruenig’s.
What Kasper proposes amounts to a break with tradition; if we are leaves or twigs, to cut off our branches to return to the roots entails dismemberment and decomposition. But we’ll get to that later. Suffice it to say that this concept is very enamoring for those looking for a precedent for their radicalism. The popularizer of the #fullcommunism meme likes it too:
You see this attitude in a secular context in the progressive attitude toward blacks who voted overwhelmingly for traditional marriage in Alabama; their votes don’t matter because a wealthy, largely white alternative-sexualities lobby has decided to use federal courts to overrule them. They shouldn’t tell us too much what to do, after all. And they definitely shouldn’t get to decide for themselves.
When the dictatorship of the proletariat is established, if the socialists behave toward their enemies the way self-styled Christian socialists behave toward theirs now that they’ve got a pope they think agrees with them, the rest of us will be in for a rough time.
Out of all these incidents, everybody returned safely and no one else got hurt, Cashin said. “And that’s all that matters … things can be fixed but people can’t.
That being said, Cashin does everything he can to help the team with the resources he has. Although SAR does get an operational budget each year from Washington County, SAR relies mostly on donations and charity from the community. The operational budget pays for things like fuel, food, water, and sometimes repairs on equipment.
If Telstra wins the company will get between $100 million and $200 million more than what NBN Co expects to pay over a 10-year period.
He realized that the way they were doing it — using a type of processor called a CPU that is commonly used in computers — it was never going to get faster or cheaper.
Be sure to get Forbes' twice-weekly all things blockchain email newsletter, Crypto Confidential! Sign up here.
Campbell is the founder of Wings Over Scotland, a controversial pro-independence site that gets an astonishing 4.5 million page views a month.
"The inquiry has a very specific definition of blame. Listen, this isn't something that I particularly want to get into here. As I say, it's nothing to do with Scottish politics."
The rear camera on the Lumia 535 is pedestrian as they come, it’s a 5.0 megapixel unit with LED flash. But it also has a front-facer 5.0 megapixel wide angle unit that appears to be very similar to the “selfie” camera on the Lumia 735. By comparison, the Lumia 530 doesn’t even have a front-facing camera, and the rear unit—also 5.0 MPX, but with a fixed focus—lacks an LED flash. The Lumia 535 doesn’t have a camera button, a missing feature now common across all of Microsoft’s low-end Lumias. (You have to step up to a mid-range Lumia 830—which costs an unforgiveable $500 unlocked—to get a dedicated camera button.)
Before I could get that microSD card into the 535, however, I had to figure out how to get the back cover off. Many Lumia devices feature a removable back cover, allowing you to access hidden SIM card and microSD slots, and a removable battery, or replace the cover with a differently-colored cover or flip case. And as you might expect, I’m quite familiar with how these covers work. Yet, I’ve had a heck of a time getting the 535’s back cover off.
Breakers player Tom Abercrombie looks to get past Hawks forward Oscar Forman.
Breakers coach Andrej Lemanis gets his message across against the Melbourne Tigers.
Cam Tragardh of the Melbourne Tigers tries to get past the Breakers' Alex Pledger.
The North Shore Events Centre crowd gets behind the Breakers during their top-of-the-table defeat of the Perth Wildcats.
Peter Crawford (centre) of the Crocodiles looks to get past Dillon Boucher (right) and Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
They got their noses in front in the final period and looked like they were on their way with an 85-79 lead with just under two and a-half minutes remaining.
The signs hadn't looked good early when the Cats, perhaps buoyed by Abercrombie's absence, got off to an explosive 14-2 start inside the first four minutes.
So, to put an end to the U.S. doctrine of perpetual war, we need to stop asking why individuals resort to acts of terrorism and ask why we allow our institutions to do so as example to world’s individuals. Why is terrorism increasing? Why would a terrorist sacrifice their own life to inflict harm on individuals? What are they responding to? Look no further than the reality of the behavior exhibited by the world’s leaders: If another nation’s policy or politician is disliked, debate. If you don’t get your way, drop bombs on entire populations and take over their nation by force — even if it requires complete fabrication and propaganda (WMD’s anyone?) to gain public support.
Would the committee reviewing the waiver challenge the reasoning behind the request because of what may appear to be (and might factually be) a player following his coach as opposed to a student-athlete excited by a particular program at the University of Minnesota? With his history of injuries you’d hope he gets a chance to do what he’d like next season, but it’s difficult to tell.”
My choice of the word slut is ultimately motivated by society’s warped and uneven attitudes regarding some notion of essential, inherent female sexuality vis a vis that of men. Ours is a society where women ”put out” their goods to please men, where it is nearly impossible to imagine a girl who goes out and beds a new guy every weekend who isn’t in some way damaged, or immature, or looking for some form of validation. This is a society where, rigidly, men just want to get some and get out and women are responsible for keeping men’s natural desires at civilized bay.
Sluttiness is not about the number of dates or make outs or hookups it takes for you to feel comfortable rounding all or one or any bases with another person. In fact it’s not about numbers at all. The emphasis we place on our own sexual numbers is just another example of rigid, moral socio-sexual policing. How many women’s magazine articles have you read which essentially roil in what they’d have you believe is the eternal question: to disclose numbers or not to disclose numbers? You know what? Fuck that. Share or don’t, that’s your call, but don’t imbue this number with some sort of synthetic and sacrosanct meaning. Sexual numbers are meaningless. They tell you nothing about a person. They don’t tell you whether or not to get tested, as you as a sexually active or potentially sexually active adult should be getting tested with regularity anyway. They tell you nothing about the content of a person’s character or their childhood or their relationship with their father or their mother or their feelings about their own body.
“I want them to be able to enjoy playing music and then they can throw themselves into the theory,” said Wong. “If they are playing music they do not like, they will not stick with it. I get them playing Adele right away and they love it.”
Wong uses a curriculum called Amp Up NYC, which helps educators to get their students hooked on music class by teaching them the modern songs they already listen to. Little Kids Rock — an organization that offers free instruments and teacher training to low-income schools with shoddy or no music classes — created the program in partnership with Massachuse­tts’s Berklee College of Music and the New York City Department of Education, and they collectively intend to roll the scheme out to 600 schools city-wide by 2017.
Sadly for music scenesters, the Friday shows are the only gig in Williamsburg you can’t get on the door-list for — they are open to Juan Morel Campos students, parents, and staff only.
He won’t play tonight, though, leaving the Giants with Victor Cruz as the only proven receiver to take the field against his favorite team to dominate, the Jets. Once Nicks is back for good, he and Cruz command the two starting spots and the search continues for the third receiver needed to really get Eli Manning’s passing attack cranked up.
Thought you couldn't get that last-minute table at Menton? Well, now you can.
“I don’t know if you’ve ever tried calling these types of places on a 4:30 on a Friday, but it can be very difficult,” says Lowry. “Some places are good about it. Menton always picks up the phone, but for most small restaurants it’s just very hard because they might only have one or two people answering phones. So what ends up happening is you end up going to the place where … you can walk in—that’s not of the same quality—but hey, you know, [you] can get a table.”
You should just watch it — but here are the highlights: You’ve got an avuncular fellow offering sausage samples in a supermarket. People ask to buy some fresh sausage, at which point the man produces an adorable piglet and stuffs it into his “sausage machine.”
Beeswax is produced by honeybee “worker” bees. They secrete it from glands on the underside of their abdomens then chew it up and mold it into the cells of the combs. That’s why they call them worker bees. It’s a big job for the beekeepers, too, who collect it from the hives and melt it down into cakes. (At least they don’t have to chew it.) The reason beeswax is a bit pricey is because for every 100 pounds of honey harvested, a beekeeper will get only one to two pounds of beeswax. It’s not easily come by, but maybe that’s also why beeswax is so very, very wonderful.
Witnesses told police that Alexander was trying to get rid of the gun when a loss prevention officer approached him.
"When we say the rates are unsustainably high, we're trying to get into the heads of property owners," he said.
"Teachers love tests if we can get immediate feedback and use it for instruction," Miller said. "If we don't get the results (until the next school year) and we're spending all this time on it, it's (not worth it). Kids need to be doing things that are beneficial instead."
Nothing gets out of a black hole—not even light. Once a star, a planet, a piece of dust, or even a single photon crosses the limit known as the event horizon, it’s not coming out again. Pulled into the crushing gravity of the singularity at the black hole’s heart, it vanishes from the universe.
But thanks to a new telescope, Tim Johannsen, an astrophysicist at the Perimeter Institute and the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada, may be able to get a black hole pic after all. A loophole in physics means he might be able to see not the black hole itself, but its shadow. And, no big deal, but that photo just might overturn Albert Einstein’s theory of general relativity.
Scientists working on the EHT hope to see images in the spring of 2017. But they already have some ideas of what they’ll get. General relativity describes gravity not as a force drawing two objects together, but rather as the warped spacetime that governs each of those objects movements. Concentrate a big enough mass in a small enough region of spacetime, and its gravity will be inescapably huge—voila, you’ve got a black hole. If that sounds weird to you, well, it took 50 years for astronomers to discover that black holes were real objects, not just a quirk of general relativity’s math.
Fortunately, Westbrook never got too bummed out about his injury. Maybe his upbeat attitude helped hasten the healing.
In fact, the OKC guard got himself into shape so quickly that he had plenty of time to squeeze in other activities during his summer break.
I think one character that is going to get more interesting this season is Robb. He wasn’t even a POV character in A Clash of Kings so most of his story was told through the yes of others. I think that with the story of his and Jeyne’s romance at the forefront, along with his leadership as King of the North, he’s going to come out of this season with more fans than he had in the book.
I think so, too. I’m not sure Robb was ever as well loved by ASOIF fans as his father was, but I think that is something that has changed on-screen. The decisions Robb makes this season, specifically regarding Jeyne, obviously have major effects down the road. I’m glad we’ll get a chance to see that play out, instead of only hearing about it after the fact.
We did get a little more negative than I’d expected; any last minute words of positivity?
"It's a really challenging area, to get something that's bright," he told BBC News. "There's a way to go, to see if they can get the dynamic range that you'd need - in other words, can you switch from really bright to really dark.
"They've got some interesting colour switches there, which is a brilliant first step."
Prof Bhaskaran agrees this is only the first stage. "We're showing that we can combine thin-film effects with a super-thin layer of phase change material, and get colour out of it," he said.
You haven’t just thought outside the box. You’ve deconstructred it, redesigned it, and repackaged our expectactions and our emotions in a way not seen since a Swedish company decided to get into shelves and wardrobes.
As the first round is a best-of-three, home ice is pretty important, especially to a Syracuse team that has made a living out of winning in the Onondaga County War Memorial this season. Two seasons ago, the Crunch had home ice for the first round the playoffs, and swept the Portland Pirates to move onto the second round. That season, Syracuse wasn't nearly as proficient and comfortable in the War Memorial as they have been this season. Syracuse could definitely get a leg up in the playoffs with home ice advantage for at least the first round.
Peca has spent the past four years playing for the Quinnipiac University Bobcats, and was recently touted by the New Haven Register as "the best player to ever come through the Hamden campus." Although currently on the small side-Peca is 5-foot-8, 155-pounds-he reportedly doesn't let his size get in the way of playing big. He played in 157 career NCAA games with Quinnipiac, registering 42 goals and 143 points.
His point totals, however, only tell half the story. According to the Register, Peca brings with him a lot of good hockey sense, energy, and an innate desire to sacrifice his body in order to get the win:
In short I was told: No you can't change dorms, there are too many students right now. Pressing charges would be useless, he's about to graduate, there's not much we can do. Are you SURE it was rape? It might have just been a bad hookup…You should forgive and forget. How are you supposed to forget the worst night of your life? I didn't know what to do any more. For four months I continued wondering around campus, distancing from my friends, and going to counseling center. I was continuously told that I had to forgive him, that I was crazy for being scared on campus, and that there was nothing that could be done. They told me: We can report your rape as a statistic, you know for records, but I don't recommend that you go through a disciplinary hearing. It would be you, a faculty advisor of your choice, him, and a faculty advisor of his choice in a room where you would be trying to prove that he raped you. You have no physical evidence, it wouldn't get you very far to do this.
"I also want to encourage you to think about other aspects of life at Amherst, both the positive and the less than positive, and to imagine what it would take to strengthen our sense of community, enhance your education outside of the classroom, and have more fun," Martin wrote in last Sunday's meeting announcement. "Fun?" Catherine Bryars ('12) asked us. "See how they're putting this in the fast route to get away from anything negative?"
And of course, all of this assumes that “loyalty” is an unequivocally great thing anyway. You don’t get a reserved spot in heaven, get your karma reduced or get holes punched in some sort of cosmic rewards card just for being loyal to your team. I know the whole Sports is Everything Industrial Complex has convinced people that loyalty is everything, but it’s actually pretty silly.
Pampers, Tide, and Esurance were among the brands we saw advertised on the pirate site pictured above, and brands don't get more mainstream than that. While it could be argued that major companies such as these are relying on middlemen to place their ads, ignorance of whose pockets their advertising dollars are ending in up is no excuse.
Why he's here: The league seems to have adjusted to Odor after his breakout 2016 season, and he's yet to adjust back. Like his teammate Lucroy, Odor has underachieved considerably with an OPS that right now is 162 points lower than his total from last year. He's never been an on-base demon, but this year he's striking out at an alarming rate and managed just one walk the entire month of June. He's dug himself quite a hole in the first half, and he's yet to find the answers to get himself out.
Why he's here: No one will forget his incredible comeback from a devastating injury last season to play in the World Series and help push the Cubs over the finish line. But Schwarber hasn't been able to carry over that momentum into this season, to the point where his struggles became so pronounced that the Cubs had no choice but to send him to the minors to get straightened out. This definitely wasn't the season anyone had in mind for Schwarber after watching him hit .412 in the World Series last fall.
Why he's here: The Giants gave him a monster contract last winter to fix their bullpen woes. It hasn't quite worked out that way, as Melancon has as many blown saves this season as he did in all of 2016 and has found his way to the DL twice. It's not much better than what the Giants got from their bullpen last year, only it's costing them a lot more money this time. In a year when almost nothing has gone right for the Giants, Melancon's performance still manages to stand out.
It's well-known that the more adorable and charismatic of the endangered animals get most of the funding. That doesn't mean the cute animals, like the iconic panda, aren't worth saving, but it leaves a lot of the less photogenic but just as important animals out in the cold. Who's interested in saving the Brazilian bald-faced tamarin, which looks like a cross between a rabid monkey and a bat? Or the Komodo dragon, a 10-foot-long murderous lizard that's the embodiment of just about every childhood nightmare you ever had?
Let’s get started!
First, we encode some struct PayLoad to JSON and write the data to the PipeWriter created by invoking io.Pipe . Afterwards, we create a http POST request, which gets its data from the PipeReader . That PipeReader gets filled with the data written to the PipeWriter .
pr , pw := io . Pipe ( ) // we need to wait for everything to be done wg := sync . WaitGroup { } wg . Add ( 2 ) // we get some file as input f , err := os . Open ( "./fruit.txt" ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } // TeeReader gets the data from the file and also writes it to the PipeWriter tr := io . TeeReader ( f , pw ) go func ( ) { defer wg . Done ( ) defer pw . Close ( ) // get data from the TeeReader, which feeds the PipeReader through the PipeWriter _ , err := http . Post ( "https://example.com" , "text/html" , tr ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } } ( ) go func ( ) { defer wg . Done ( ) // read from the PipeReader to stdout if _ , err := io . Copy ( os . Stdout , pr ) ; err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } } ( ) wg . Wait ( )
So how do you get yourself such a system? Read on!
How do you get the measurements out of your app and into something which can graph them? There are two approaches:
You can track a varying quantity (like system temperature or fan speed) as a gauge. The last value at flush time gets reported.
If you anticipate that too many metrics might get pushed into the channel, have a look at the client-side sampling rate feature of the StatsD protocol.
From X to Y to Z and Z-plus, many of our top-level politicians, both in or out of power, have unnecessary protection being given to them at the cost of the taxpayer. (To get a list of those receiving protection, read here)
This is particularly vulgar when the ordinary people get very little protection from crime or criminals.
“You don’t have to go to Planned Parenthood to get your blood pressure or your cholesterol checked,” he said. “If you want an abortion, you go to Planned Parenthood, and that’s well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.”
China makes headlines every other week for its censorship of the Internet, but few people outside the country know what it's like to live with those access controls, or how to get around them.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
“Never try to get a meal at Niagara Falls when the weather is nice. It took half an hour to get two pizza slices and a drink, which on a normal day wouldn’t be such a big deal,” he said noting that the time constraint did make the long break problematic. “Because it was Good Friday, many places were closed especially in rural parts of the province. It was hard to find somewhere to fill up my bidons or grab a more protein-heavy snack.”
“That’s what definitely made the last stretch so hard – we should have been a little smarter and conserved our energy for the last haul. I think what got me through those two hours was the worry of being stranded or having to ride back from Burlington to Toronto and the fact that I really, really wanted a cold Slurpee,” he recalled about the toughest part of the ride. “The last 40 km were the worst since I had nearly run out water and was starting to feel dehydrated. It was a relief to get back to the train station and fill my water bottle up a good four times.”
After the big spring ride, Krawczyk had some advice for others looking to tackle such a big ride. “Take some time to build up to it. If you haven’t done a 200 km trip, don’t try a 300 km trip just yet. Try to get accustomed to riding these distances and to supporting yourself. Make sure you’ve had a lot of sleep and a hearty meal the night before,” he said.
“It definitely worked,” Krawczyk said about the experience bringing the joy of cycling back. “I couldn’t take my mind off of the beauty of southern Ontario. I was constantly telling my riding partner about how excited I was to go on these country roads, how the air was so fresh compared to the city and how this reminded me of home. I bet I got a little annoying. Most importantly, I was able to get back in tune with what I loved about this sport and clear my head.”
Caused me to get suicidal because he was suicidal
Was my counselor being inappropriate? Were any of these things ok? These things made me feel special at a time in my life when I thought I was a horrible person. Not being a counselor myself, I didn’t know about boundaries in counseling. I didn’t know about relationship definitions between counselor and client and the possible negative impact these could have on my mental health. I didn’t know that a counselor should just be a counselor or that I should be learning to have strength on my own and not get all my strength from my counselor.
…and then one day, when I called him, he said, “Oh, I didn’t know it was you.” Then he hung up on me. He never spoke to me again. I guess I got my answer.
To the extent that 19th century Russian fiction deals with universal themes of human existence — nature, religion, love, death, and, of course, war and peace — these beloved tomes can feel timeless to readers. But the fact is, the English-speaking reading public didn’t get their hands on them until some years after their publication, when Constance Garnett picked up a dictionary and set out to bring the Russian masters to life in her native tongue.
Giving a utility a regulated monopoly over generating and providing power is a compromise. The utility gets a guaranteed profit and in return gives access to everyone who needs it and ensures capacity for all users. It’s the commission that holds the utilities to the bargain, said Stephen Brown, director of the Center for Business and Economic Research at UNLV.
“Now you have a whole generation of people who decide not to get a landline,” Weissman said. “If the phone companies were able to gain anything by resisting opening their networks to competitive providers, it was something of only limited duration. They didn’t create something that preserved their business model long-term.”
“Utilities say if you keep installing solar, the grid’s going to collapse and we’re going to go out of business,” Borenstein said. “There really isn’t much chance of that, and we should be a having a discussion about that, whether that’s the best way to put in renewables. Instead, you get politicians who are either boosting utilities or playing to the residential photovoltaic advocates with all this free consumer choice stuff. It’s not true consumer choice if you can just fall back on the grid and the rates don’t reflect the cost.”
Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has seized on the FBI's move as he seeks to make up ground in the polls ahead of Election Day.
Thomas Friedman, who is legendary for his boldly stated wrong assertions, got into the game again making absurd claims about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the great loss the U.S. suffers from it going down. Friedman tells readers:
We are tracking one server crash that is particularly elusive. Our working theory is that it may be caused by a recent Steam client update, because the same crash affects our other games (e.g. DayZ) without those receiving updates. We are in direct contact with Valve's network engineers to get to the bottom of this. The investigation will hopefully result in either a fix of their client, or a way for us to solve the issue ourselves.
Ideally you'll get to a point where you're comfortable writing and running code for iOS. If you're already there, definitely keep reading!
The Crash Reporter package in Cydia is a convenient way to grab crash reports, and it's helpful to run symbolicate (also available in Cydia) on crash reports to get more detail.
Solution: I am not quite certain what is preventing this. However, it is easy to defeat: replace your program with a two line shell script that, in turn, runs your program. Example, maybe MyProgram (setuid) gets renamed to MyProgram_, and MyProgram (not setuid) becomes the script:
[Context about Cydia: Unlike the App Store, which is a centralized system, Cydia itself does not host/distribute packages - instead, Cydia is a way to browse and install packages from repositories. By default, Cydia comes with a list of good repositories (independently-owned but work closely with the makers of Cydia) - so if you want to distribute a package to the general audience of Cydia users, submitting it to a default repository is a good plan. If you use a default repository and want to sell your package, you can choose to use the Cydia Store system so that people have a simple way to purchase it. You can also choose to run your own repository (see Repository Management) and ask interested users to type your repository address into Cydia to get your package.]
If you aren't sure which to pick, look up what your favorite developers use, or ask other developers for suggestions (if you don't already know any other developers, IRC may be helpful). If you have questions, email is usually the best way to get in contact with repository managers.
"He loves them, and they love him," Gabriela said. Luis' life is all about dogs -- when he's not grooming them, he is working to get strays off the streets of Buenos Aires and into good homes.
It may certainly be argued that RIL and its partner NIKO got the initial gas estimates for KG-D6 wrong, but to suggest that billions were spent by them to execute some elaborate heist is ludicrous. Subsea gas reserve estimates spread over thousands of square kilometres are often off the mark. At times production is way more than the original estimate and at other times it is less. However the production sharing contract contemplates such eventualities, which is why the safeguard of variable profits depending upon production is built into the agreement. To cry foul simply because production levels did not match the original estimates is akin to the losing side in a game of cricket asking for the rules to be changed midway. Kejriwal is understandably irate because he can’t write his own personal version of the PSC.
After you restart Nginx, you should be able to hit your server at port 80 and have it be serving your Django web app. This allowed us to get our application into production during the dash in about 10 minutes, which was a great time saver.
College students love socialism, just look at how Bernie Sanders captivated the youth vote during the Democrat Primaries. However, if you were to ask them to define it, you might not be able to get a straight answer.
Campus Reform visited Washington D.C to ask college students “Do you like socialism?” and then asked “What is socialism?” Many students expressed favor for socialism, though when they were asked what it was, had trouble articulating an answer. If these kids can’t even define socialism, you can hardly expect them to recall the tens of millions who have been slaughtered under socialist and Marxist regimes throughout the 20th century. Hopefully they get a chance to take Econ 101 next semester.
Fish can be treated with the same drugs as humans get when they become infected by Mycobacterium marinum, e.g. Kanamycin. Since this is a very resilient microbe, normal treatment involves administering at least two different medications over the course of at least three months.
When aquarists become infected by Mycobacterium marinum, it is usually because the carry out maintenance work when they have cuts or other skin problems on their hands or arms. Our skin is remarkably good at keeping malevolent microorganisms out, but as soon as the skin gets injured, an important part of the body’s defense system has been breached. It doesn’t have to bee a large wound; a simple paper cut or eczema can be enough for Mycobacterium marinum to slip through. When handling an aquarium where you suspect that Mycobacterium marinum may be present, it is consequently important to use protective gloves. You may have a tiny sore that you haven’t even noticed, such as a torn cuticle. Some aquarists prefer to use gloves all the time, or at least when they have damaged skin, since it is impossible to know if Mycobacterium marinum exists in an aquarium before the fish start to show symptoms of fish tuberculosis. You can also catch fish tuberculosis by using your mouth to start a siphon. Washing your hands and lower arms with soap after handling fish and aquariums is naturally always recommended.
Europe's monarchs believed in big government long before there was a Soviet Union or a welfare state. Eighteenth-century philosopher Voltaire praised "enlightened" monarchs like Prussia's Frederick the Great. Since the nineteenth century, so-called "progressives" have wanted government to get ever larger. They got their wish. The results were not so good for people.
"Centralization of government spending in Washington over the past century has severely undermined good governance," argues Edwards on the site he edits, DownsizingGovernment.org. "Citizens get worse outcomes when funding and decision-making for education, infrastructure and other things are made by the central government rather than state and local governments and the private sector."
Police officers found several grams of crack on Davis and crack, powdered cocaine and other drugs in Nembrand-Walker’s pockets at the time of the arrest, Corrick wrote in her decision. Police did not find any drugs on Jaggernauth, Corrick said. Trenouth testified in a pretrial hearing that he saw a large piece of crack fall from Jaggernauth when officers got Jaggernauth to stand up from his chair — testimony that was backed up by the notes Trenouth said he took at the time of Jaggernauth’s arrest, according to the judge’s decision. But at the trial several months later, Trenouth told the court that he did not see the crack fall from Jaggernauth, Corrick wrote. Instead, Trenouth testified that he found the piece of crack on the floor near Jaggernauth and assumed it had fallen from him. Corrick noted other discrepancies between Trenouth’s pretrial and trial testimonies in her decision.
Keith's stamina in that opening series did get tested, though. His wife, Kelly-Rae, gave birth to their first child, son Colton, last Wednesday morning prior to the fourth game of the series. Keith had already flown back to Chicago for the birth on Tuesday and flew back to the Twin Cities, without sleeping, for the game. After playing a team-high 23:57, Keith realized he'd been awake for about 48 hours -- and didn't really care.
#40. Never get married or get tied down with a woman who you’re settling for. You will be miserable. She will be miserable. And life is too damn short to spend it with a woman low in caliber, personality and desire to suck your cock dry every motherfucking day.
#25. If you get caught cheating, always, always, always deny. Deny until death and she will eventually get over it.
#20. Never get married before 30yo and always marry a younger woman. No exceptions.
#19. You’re not really ready for a relationship, until you know what’s out there. Go fuck 20 women. When you get done, go fuck another 20. Then you might have an idea of what you want.
#1. If you don’t choose to learn Game, then don’t be surprised when the wool gets pulled over your eyes by a woman. Game is the great equalizer.
After purchasing or validating your travel insurance, head over to the visa desk itself and get a small (A5) white visa application form. This small form is quick and easy to fill out and requires your passport details, home address, father’s name, job and a few other details. The form also asks for the location and contact details of the place you will be staying at while in Iran. In this section I included the name, address and phone number for my hostel in Tehran. I did not include the details of all my accommodation in Iran, just the place I was staying at first.
Do you know that your banks depends heavily on some protocol to transfer money? Using the Blockchain will allow them to get rid of VISA, Mastercard and SWIFT.
“Paul George is a good defender, but I knew I could get by him,” Waiters would say. “It was that next guy you had to worry about. If I could do it differently, I would, but I was just trying to be aggressive at that moment and put the pressure on the refs to make a call.”
Offense has never been an issue for Dion Waiters. Drafted fourth overall in 2012, he arrived on the NBA scene with a chip on his shoulder and a try-and-stop-me attitude that would allow him to get to the rim with ease. Just 24 hours after Waiters’ arrival to Cleveland, then head coach Byron Scott was lacing him with praise, saying that he felt the sixth man out of Syracuse was the second-best player in the draft . Scott salivated while daydreaming of a young and spry backcourt duo with the on-ball skills of Irving and Waiters pick-and-rolling teams into oblivion. As Waiters will attest, however, getting to the rack at the NBA level would merely serve to be half of the battle—finishing upon arrival is the tougher of the tasks, one which would produce historically terrible numbers. Not given much in the way of a superstar treatment, Waiters often finds himself frustrated with the lack of whistles blown in his favor. This, at times, has led to poor defense and even worse body language, reportedly drawing the ire of a few teammates who were tired of watching teams score while their shooting guard is back on the other side of the floor seeking an explanation from an official. It was Dion Waiters whose face was plastered on the poster of shame following the Cavs’ embarrassing loss to the Sacramento Kings earlier in the year—his pouting was hitting a crescendo; his team was careening toward chaos.
But Thorsten, you yourself speak of "tough quarterly results," how yours is a "challenging job," and how the company needs to "start to surface." From one side of your mouth you downplay RIM's necrosis, and from the other side, deny it altogether. At least Nero had the decency to fiddle while Rome burned—Heins just plays the bullshit saxophone. We get that RIM needs to puff itself up if it wants to attract buyers for an inevitable corporate butchering—like a diseased peacock that still needs a mate—but this is just unseemly.
And as if just the adventure of going to E3 wasn't enough, the game got nominated for "Best of E3" by PC Gamer and CGM! It also got nominated for "Best Action Game" by IGN! And it won "Best Indie Game" by Resetmx! Incredible. And don't forget all of these nominations happened next to big AAA titles. Feels really surreal.
IGN posted a gameplay video and it's already got over a million views. Check it out here:
"And if you look at her, she doesn’t look anything like Bill," Stone continued. "She looks just like her daddy, despite four plastic surgeries, the youngest one when she’s only 18. What 18-year-old gets plastic surgery unless you’re trying to, I don’t know, thin out the lips and make you look less like your daddy?"
Portland-based apparel company Showers Pass donated store credit that Minhyeong has used to get a new jacket (the cool Atlas model no less). Right now Hance is helping Minhyeong organize a list of gear he still needs to replace with hopes of getting back on the road in 2-3 weeks. He also said friends of Minhyeong’s took him shopping for a new bike today. The outpouring of support has certainly made an impression.
And in case you’re wondering, Minhyeong finally got a u-lock.
Dear Mom: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new boyfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Dad and you. I've been finding real passion with Ahmed and he is so nice-even with all his piercings, tattoos, beard, and his motorcycle clothes. But it's not only the passion Mom, I'm pregnant and Ahmed said that we will be very happy. He already owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. He wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too. Ahmed taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. In the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Ahmed can get better; he sure deserves it!! Don't worry Mom, I'm 15 years old now and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your grand children.
“Strangers were deliberately picking through this, sifting for things they could get away with publishing,” Sherborne said. “No one imagined that all this private information, this treasure trove about just the sort of people who filled these newspapers in their millions, could be accessed and listened to in this way, let alone plundered as a source for stories.”
Now that we’re gardening in a frost-free area we have to get acquainted with a new bunch of sub tropical-ish weeds. This week, it’s been all about the Madeira Vine. In our new garden, the stuff is everywhere.
Last weekend we got stuck into our new rental home’s garden. Well, a corner of it, anyway. Small steps, obtain a yield, and all that.
I mean, don’t get me wrong. Native vegetation is essential to preserve, as are our remaining pockets of functional rainforest. And weed removal is a part of that.
"I asked myself the question... Is it useful? Is it necessary? Can it be a way of exerting pressure? Can we get him to stop what he is doing with the Syrian regime?" Mr Hollande said in a television interview.
In my first appearance on Duncan’s show, we talk about the occult nature of the media; if there actually is a massive conspiracy to constrain human consciousness or if people are just that way all on their own; the nature of the Qliphothic Hell Realms and lots, lots more. This one starts off dark and just gets darker, but worry not, there’s LVX at the end of the tunnel!
While it is hard enough to describe something effectively in fiction1—how a thing smells, moves, looks—sometimes it is useful to further describe how exactly a thing seems or appears to be, above and beyond any discernible physical characteristics. The ineffable sense of how things are often makes up the best and most memorable aspect of a piece of writing, but it can be among the hardest things to get right. It is useful for writers to remember that often this aspect of seeming and appearing will be conveyed through metaphor; and often the seeming and appearing will touch in some way on the meaning of what is being observed—or will include a mention of a character’s feelings about, or engagement with, the thing observed.
It is while I am at the piano, playing the minuet from Berenice, that the final arrival, unlooked-for by anybody but Miss Marsalles, takes place. It must seem at first that there has been some mistake. Out of the corner of my eye I see a whole procession of children, eight or ten in all, with a red-haired woman in something like a uniform, mounting the front step. They look like a group of children from a private school on an excursion of some kind (there is that drabness and sameness about their clothes) but their progress is too scrambling and disorderly for that. Or this is the impression I have; I cannot really look. Is it the wrong house, are they really on their way to the doctor for shots, or to Vacation Bible Classes? No, Miss Marsalles has got up with a happy whisper of apology; she has gone to meet them. Behind my back there is a sound of people squeezing together, of folding chairs being opened, there is an inappropriate, curiously unplaceable giggle. And above or behind all this cautious flurry of arrival there is a peculiarly concentrated silence. Something has happened, something unforeseen, perhaps something disastrous; you can feel such things behind your back.
and other similar shortcuts, you ought to feel the hair rising on the back of your neck, because Dr. Frankenstein is warming up his generator. And things are about to get metaphysical.
Along one wall was a rack of evening dresses, all fit for belles of the ball with their net and taffeta, their dreamy colors. And beyond them, in a glass case so no profane fingers could get at them, half a dozen wedding gowns, pure white froth or vanilla satin or ivory lace, embroidered in silver beads or seed pearls. Tiny bodies, scalloped necklines, lavish skirts. Even when she was younger she could never have contemplated such extravagance, not just in the matter of money but in expectations, in the preposterous hope of transformation, and bliss.
Weeks later, she said: “The guy was about middle-aged. All his things right there in his yard. No lie. We got real pissed and danced. In the driveway. Oh, my God. Don’t laugh. He played us these records. Look at this record-player. The old guy gave it to us. And all these crappy records. Will you look at this shit?” She kept talking. She told everyone. There was more to it, and she was trying to get it talked out. After a time, she quit trying.
Potatoes? Vodka? It is debatable. The girl is feeling something, of course, as the story suggests, but she can’t express it, possibly because she hasn’t got the equipment to do so. And because she can’t express it, we don’t get an explicit statement of it either. It’s possible to read the whole story as a pile of potatoes, with that last 26-word paragraph serving as the equivalent of the story’s spirit. The story’s last paragraph is in fact the mental result, finally, of a worldly encounter. At any rate, the ratio of potatoes to vodka here is very high, if indeed there is any vodka to divide by.
5. Updike’s reliance on seemed here and throughout his mighty oeuvre suggests his general preoccupation with the truth that lurks behind appearances, with making sure that everything be understood; and if it is this impulse that gives rise to his occasional overweening anxiety that we get the point of something, it strikes me as a fitting impulse. Very tall, he was terribly gawky as a child, with a gigantic nose, debilitating eczema, a comical stutter, and to top it all off a world-class mind. No one looking at him could have guessed what he really was. No wonder that the Rabbit books feature a man who, on the surface, is mostly unremarkable—a former high school basketball star, a printing press operator, a car salesman, a middling husband and father—and yet who has perhaps the most florid, nuanced internal life of any character ever composed. Related to this, surely, is Updike’s chronic affection for adverbs, those gravitational devices that control the flight of a verb even after it has been set loose. What other author would give us a character who “steered sullenly”? A life that is “majestically rooted”? Why else would he describe a hoard of treasure as “surreptitiously hidden”? Because of a mostly generous desire to make sure we get what he’s saying. That we get him, really, the kid with the big nose and the hideous skin, who also happens to be, as he might say, transcendently alight.
What’s perhaps harder to swallow is the price. It’s €100,000. Plus VAT. Plus shipping. Let’s face it, you’ll get no change from £100,000 once you’ve landed one in the UK. Call it two-and-a-half Desmosedici RRs. Or an NR750 and enough change to get a brand new S1000RR for daily use. Or, possibly, one of Honda’s RCV road bikes as and when they get around to actually making them.
But then again, maybe if you’ve got that sort of change sitting around, you’ll be in a position to simply get one of each.
I have received many a question about details of the game and this video will help shed a bit more light. We will communicate all of the remaining points of our vision shortly after we start production next week and after we have spent more time on the forums. We want to get fan feedback on a few more items before we solidify our final vision document.
It’s Friday, making it much easier to get distracted by something more interesting than work on the Internet. If you’re looking for something great to watch today, then Google has put up a video of Garry Kasparov talking at Google this week.
Kasparov was the highest-rated chess champion for more than 22 years. In the chat that lasts just over an hour he discusses how he still feels IBM cheated in his match with Deep Blue. He also says the dismantling of Big Blue right after the match was equivalent to IBM removing the only partial witness to his claims. He hasn’t even got logs of the game from IBM to look at.
It’s a great watch with Kasparov giving some amusing responses to some of the questions asked. For example, when asked how to get better at chess without dedicating your life to it (18 minutes in), he responds by simply saying:
Rep. Peake was expected to introduce his bill today but that got postponed when snow started falling and the House of Representatives adjourned until 1:00 PM Wednesday. It is expected that Rep. Peake’s bill will place a heavy emphasis on medical marijuana in the form of CBD drops and tinctures.
The Robert Mondavi Winery’s growing reputation was built on fine wines, meaning expensive wines made almost exclusively from Napa Valley grapes. It was also built on Robert’s gift for hiring talented winemakers. Keeping those winemakers was another matter, though. For Robert faced an ongoing problem: With one son in the business and another likely to join, the family would always get the credit for the elegant wines that were produced at Oakville, even though it was often the staffers doing much of the work. And although Robert would pay employees 10 to 15 percent above other wineries’ wages and offered such perks as weekly wine tastings, there was a ceiling to any career ambitions that a staffer without the last name Mondavi might entertain at the winery. The family openly acknowledged this.
It was an irresistible offer, made more so because of Robert’s evident passion to make the Robert Mondavi Winery America’s finest. Grgich accepted and got to work, introducing—among other methods he had learned at Beaulieu—malolactic fermentation, a technique that lends a soft, buttery quality to wines by converting hard malic acids into soft lactic acids. Every Monday, led by Robert, the staff would have their own blind tastings of Mondavi wines against the best from France. It entered into company legend that the winery was California’s largest importer of French grand crus because of these competitive tastings. Robert showed up at the winery nearly as early as Grgich, at six or seven each morning during crush, to taste the progress of the fermenting juice from the barrels or discuss a technical issue with his winemaker.
“The tournament was really nice for me, I got to achieve one of my dreams in fighting black belts, as I always wanted to test myself at that level. I did well, I got lucky, and I ended up taking gold so it shows great improvement in myself.
“I always watched Abu Dhabi’s championships, like, it is super professional,” states Arya. “The fighters get a proper walkout, you even get a body guard to escort you. It’s televised too, so that’s an opportunity that’s awesome to have, you know.
I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?
IT’S YOU THAT DECIDES IT CAN’T HAPPEN You can calmly accept that, if you want to have something, you will need to reach out and take it. You will have to fill your own belly with food. It is as terrifying and as easy as that. Your best life will not be handed to you by the universe. But that’s OK. Because the universe doesn’t know what you want. The universe is like that great aunt you have who smells like medicine and knits you a jumper for Christmas that’s two sizes too big and has three sleeves and says ‘From Your Aunt Morgaret’ on the front even though that’s not her name. That’s nobody’s name. MAKE LISTS Take it as lightly as you can. Be nice to yourself. Hold your own hand. Understand that these are things that need to happen. They’re things that can happen. You can make the phone calls you need to make, you can fill out the forms that need filling in, you can learn what needs to be learned. You can push through the panic and do what you need to move forward. You can do these things, not because the world will fall apart if you don’t, but because you are as important as any other person on this planet, and your life will be better and more enjoyable if you try your best to get to where you want to be. Also because it’s what Aunt Morgaret would have wanted.
“I understand the need to get financial and legal expertise in order to do this,” she said. “The lottery is far too precious for it to be at risk. So many people depend on it and we don’t want to do anything that in the long-term compromises that.”
When it comes to the valuation of investments or reporting of income on the annual disclosure forms, what’s required are broad numbers such as between $250,000 and $500,000 or $1 million and $5 million. That makes it hard to determine how much benefit a lawmaker might get from competing tax plans.
Of the lawmakers who shared their tax returns, most got large deductions for interest on personal and investment real estate. That’s useful information for taxpayers, since a revamp of the tax code is expected in the next few years.
Registering with Health Canada and signing up to purchase cannabis from licensed producers requires a recipient to get a medical document from a physician.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day’s breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"
Printer Friendly Brad - Thursday 05 March 2009 - 13:56:26 - Permalink I saw a few days ago that the U.S. savings rate has increased to 5%. To my mind, this is Good News: people are starting to get responsible about their finances, starting to pay down their debt, and starting to put some cash away for hard times. I figure this is exactly what's needed to get out of the credit swamp and back to a sustainable economy.Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"The "paradox of thrift" holds that what is good for every individual (thrift and saving) is bad for the economy at large....rather as if the economy were one gigantic Prisoner's Dilemma . Mainstream economists love citing this, perhaps because it sprang from the mind of the exalted J. M. Keynes.I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.So, it's time to slay the revenant Keynes. Like Karl Marx, his half-baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people's lives. It's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation. It enjoys what I call "academic celebrity" -- not "famous because it is famous", but rather "accepted because it's accepted."Alas, I don't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse. And from the rubble, I'm sure we'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian: "It's because we didn't stimulate enough!"
What is Twitter marketing? It’s what you want it to be. Want to learn more about your customers? Make your brand a little more human? Build buzz about your new product? Make an influencer’s day? Provide lightning-fast customer support? Start mopping up after a PR disaster? Publicly humiliate trolls? Twitter’s got you covered.
Okay, so you’ve got a good answer ready when your boss asks, “Why are we on Twitter?” Then come the two follow-up punches: “Are we on track to meet our goals? And… what are they again?”
1. Use Twitter tools to get more done
Twitter lets you use a few less characters in your bio than in your tweets (160, compared to 280), but you’ll still want to get maximum impact from every word (and hashtag). Whether you’re writing writing a new bio from scratch or looking to freshen up an existing one, we’ve got a list of world-class Twitter bio ideas to increase your follower count.
When people see that you are verified by Twitter, they know that they can trust your content—and your brand. Learn how to get verified on Twitter and earn that small but highly valuable blue “verified” checkmark next to your account name.
While it’s true that you’ve only got 280 characters to worry about at a time, you should still strive to write tweets that are on brand, easy to read, and likely to resonate with your audience. If you’re looking for help or inspiration, check out our great list of 8 writing resources for non-writers.
Research has shown that the best posting times are generally 12 p.m., 5 p.m., and 6 p.m. Consider posting at these times in your initial strategy, then flesh out your schedule as you learn more about what times get the best results with your followers.
With Hootsuite, you can schedule your Twitter messages manually or in bulk, and you can even set up Hootsuite to automatically post at optimal times. For more information on exactly how to do this, see our post on scheduling posts through Hootsuite. And if you’re looking for templates for bulk uploads, we’ve got those too.
It’s easy for marketers to get obsessed with the number of followers we collect on Twitter. But without engagement, your follower number is just that—a number. From the start, Twitter has been designed to help people connect and engage on a personal level. Use that strength to your advantage and engage daily with your audience.
Measuring your Twitter marketing results allows you to evaluate your success, see what kind of content your community engages with, and shows you opportunities for areas to further refine your Twitter strategy. Here are a few ways to get the data you need:
As great as your social media strategy may be, there are times when it makes sense to supplement your organic efforts with paid advertising to achieve your objectives on Twitter. Depending on the specific goal you’re working toward, you can promote your individual tweets, your account, or even a trend you’d like to amplify and associate with your business. When you’re ready to get started, check out our complete guide to Twitter Ads.
To avoid unhealthy vegetable oils that may often be used in tuna products, get tuna in extra virgin olive oil or in brine. I avoid buying canned foods and get tuna in glass jars instead. This will minimise your exposure to toxic BPAs that may often be present in canned foods. Top with hard-boiled eggs (see instructions in this recipe to see how to hard-boil eggs), mayo mixed with lemon juice and freshly chopped spring onion. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and enjoy!
Hinault: No, I just sat out for eight days, the time for the swelling to subside and then I started riding again. Don’t forget, I had won Liège-Bastogne-Liège that year as well as the Tour of Italy, and I withdrew from the Tour de France with the yellow jersey. So I was really in great shape. As long as I didn’t take too long to recover, I knew that I would be okay, and that was the case! After I got back on my bike, the condition returned quickly. I used the Tour of Germany to prepare that year and felt really good there. So I was confident going into the race.
Peloton: What is it like wearing the rainbow jersey all year long? You instantly become a marked rider. Is it harder to get results?
Hinault: Ah, no. It’s a great honor. Not everybody gets a chance to wear it. And because I had the rainbow jersey, I made sure I was in shape earlier the following season. As a result, I won races earlier in the season. That was the year that I won Paris-Roubaix. Usually I wasn’t competitive so early in the season.
Over the last six weeks I have got to know Ansari a little better. It is striking to receive some beautifully written emails from a sportsman, whether young or retired, about subjects stretching from I Am Not Your Negro, the recent James Baldwin documentary, to Ansari’s encouraged and flowing analysis of Labour’s unexpected election results. Books and writing have been at the heart of our exchanges, from Hisham Matar’s The Return to Norman Mailer’s The Fight.
“I heard the news about Trump at the end of that day’s play. We got our phones and it was a shocking moment. I expected [Hillary] Clinton to edge it and found it difficult to accept. I’ve since focused most on the policy – like changes to healthcare provision, the attempted Muslim ban, as well as the ramping up of immigration and deportations – rather than just thinking of Trump as the clown he often appears. It’s important to be less hysterical about the person but more hysterical about the political implications.”
Just as people expect Ansari to be the proverbial boffin, it was assumed by some that he would leave cricket for a career in the City. “People were really supportive of my decision to retire. Mike Atherton wrote a really nice piece – as did Ali Martin in the Guardian. But there can be the assumption that because you’ve been to Cambridge you’d only give up cricket to earn a lot of money. My girlfriend and friends found that quite funny – because they know how far it is from the truth. Cricketers don’t get paid like footballers but I was earning more than my parents – and they have been academics for 40 years. So if money was a motivation I would have stayed longer in cricket.”
Ansari flummoxed many whenever he was asked to pick his dream slip cordon. In 2015 he listed Malcolm X, Rosa Luxemburg, Chimamanda Adichie and Angela Davis. He laughs. “We get asked to do them every year and it’s funny how people pick up on that particular selection. Malcolm X is definitely someone I’m fascinated by but the last one I did included Rihanna and James Baldwin. It’s just fun.”
"As a sport we're moving in a different direction, and if it works as people say then we should get good racing."
"The biggest challenge is if you don't have downforce, you might not be able to get the tyres working as intended, because we worked to a level of downforce given by the simulation," he said.
This isn’t the first time KrebsOnSecurity has been threatened with lawsuits over stories published here. The last time I got one of these letters was in Sept. 2015, from a lawyer representing AshleyMadison’s former chief technology officer. The year before, it was Sony Pictures Entertainment, whose lawyers lashed out a large number of publications for too closely covering its epic and unprecedented data breach in 2014.
My attorney in that instance laughed out loud when I shared the letter from Gusev’s lawyers, calling it a “blivit.” When I apparently took more than a moment to get the joke, he explained that a “blivit” is a term coined by the late great author Kurt Vonnegut, who defined it as “two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.”
At the 1988 inquest into the murder the Southern Investigations accountant Kevin Lennon said that Jonathan Rees had told him “I've got the perfect solution for Daniel's murder. My mates at Catford nick are going to arrange it” and went on to say "He went on to explain to me that if they didn't do it themselves the police would arrange for some person over whom they had some criminal charge pending to carry out Daniel's murder."
"I wanted to practice," Böhringer said, smiling wryly, "because it’s always good to get some more reps."
"We go out to eat almost every night, so that’s something that was kind of eye-opening for him and he’s still kind of getting used to," said quarterback Joel Stave, his roommate this spring. "Every once in a while, he’ll leave a dollar and we’ve got to cover it for him."
"I still have to get used to that it’s my job now," Böhringer said, "and not just a hobby."
Sony Online Entertainment, a major player in the MMORPG market in the 2000s, got in on the action in 2005. A subsidiary of SOE called Platform Publishing helped to get Toontown Online to retail shelves in an attempt to grow the game’s market. By 2006, 15 million characters had been created for the game.
To its credit, Disney threw a lot of support behind Toontown Online, including hosting a couple of player conventions that it called ToonFest. The first ToonFest was staged in 2006 and got a major publicity bump by the Disney Channel, with a second festival to follow in 2007. Another cool event was an in-game charity event in 2004 in which players recovered Cog-captured buildings to raise money for the Starlight Starbright Children’s Foundation.
CNN put the blame for the shutdown on Toontown Online’s declining population but reported that thousands of players had signed a petition to get Disney to change its mind. The news outlet noted that the game had a special significance to certain gamers: “Because Toontown was a family game open to anyone seven and older, many of its more dedicated users started as children and grew into young adults while playing the game, making it an integral part of their childhood.”
Here’s an understatement: Mike Will Made It had himself quite a 2013. The 24-year-old Atlanta producer has been steady climbing for a couple years now, attaching his eponymous, otherworldly drop — see here, far right, middle row — to an impeccable string of heaters, from Meek Mill’s “Tupac Back” to Future’s “Turn on the Lights” to Juicy J’s “Bandz a Make Her Dance.” With even Kanye West tapping a sword on the young man’s shoulder when he brought him in to coproduce “Mercy,” there was no doubting his ascendance would continue apace. And then “We Can’t Stop” came along, and the timeline got blown to smithereens. Herewith, Mike Will in his own words breaks down his start, his rise, and how the Year of Miley allowed him to go ahead and toss “super” in front of “producer” on the ol’ business card.
I used to grind. I be telling people, you don’t grind, you don’t sell. I was like 15, 16 getting dropped off in the city by myself, with my own beat CDs. I had met Gucci [Mane] at this studio, Patchwerk. 2005 or some shit. I ain’t even know he was gonna be there. And I had gave him some beats to let him hear, and he just went in the lounge and started freestyling on all my beats and shit. Next thing you know, he saw me again: “Yo, you buddy with the beats, right? Let me buy that beat from you, man.” I got a band. [Editor’s note: A “band” as in the thing that makes her dance.]
At the end of 2011, Jeezy told me, “Man, you got the beats, you got the talent, but all I’mma tell you is spread that sound out. Don’t put yourself in a box. They been a couple young producers that came in the game and they didn’t do that.” When Jeezy told me that, he said, “People like Kanye, people like Lil Wayne, people like Jay Z gonna wanna work with you, too.”
So I kept doing my thing and around March [2012], two days after my birthday, I was in Louisiana with Ludacris, and I got a call [from Kanye West’s people] wanting to fly me to New York. Kanye is one of my favorite producers and artists. I thought he wouldn’t know who I was, but I got up there, and man, he tells me, “There’s times where there’s a game-changing beat or a game-changing song, someone comes through with the crazy kicks, with the crazy sounds, changing the game to where everybody wants to be like that producer. And right now you that guy. You have what it takes to really take over the game.” It was crazy. He let me hear “Mercy” with no drums. He said, “I wanna go straight to the source. I just felt like, if you come through, you put yo fuckin’ drums on there.” I just did it like that, and in no time “Mercy” came out and took over.
“We Can’t Stop” was [originally] for Rihanna, but she never heard it. I wasn’t in the studio with Rihanna but I had run into Chris Brown and I was letting him hear the stuff I was working on for Rihanna. He heard “Pour It Up” and went crazy. He said to her, “Mike Will got this crazy joint over here for you!” “We Can’t Stop” was really the first song I wanted Rihanna to hear, but it wasn’t all the way laid down yet, and “Pour It Up” was. She heard “Pour It Up,” she got locked on it, and she knocked it out.
The “We Can’t Stop” beat was so pop, I always said, “Man, this shit remind me of a mature version of ‘Party in the USA.’” And then somebody had asked me, “Why don’t you give it to Miley then?” I said, “Man, that’s a good fuckin’ question.” I ain’t run into Miley yet but she hadn’t put out music in a minute. I wondered, What she doing right now? She probably won’t even fuck wit’ me; she probably got too much politics to get to her. At the time, I ain’t know where each artist was signed. I was just doing music.
Her album was pretty much done when we first got into the studio, but we just kept working, making dope records. I told the label, “You should let us keep going till we hit a dud. We need to keep going until we hit a brick wall.” And we never hit a brick wall. Me and her now, we still talk on the phone every day, we still constantly working on music and giving each other different ideas.
A lot of the time, people who write that stuff are racist themselves. They don’t wanna see white doing black. “That just doesn’t look right, she’s fuckin’ with this urban producer but really he came through with different sounds on her album, she’s on his first single, they hang out all the time, and then she dancing like this and quoting different hip-hop lyrics on her Twitter … ” They don’t wanna see that shit. I don’t even generally understand how you can say someone that’s embracing the urban culture is racist. I never got that.
But you either out there — a “not giving a fuck”–type person — or you a person that’s going with the guidelines. And it’s not really a black or white thing. If Miley was doing all the way pop shit, they would have found something else about her [to get mad about].
I told every label that I had a sound that was gonna change the game. Put me in the studio with any artist that they want and we can take over the game. I’m just trying to stay consistent. I’m working on my own album. “23” is about to go platinum, and it got over 100 million views on VEVO. I been working on different designs for clothes and shit. People already loving the “23” hoodies. Jordan Brand even reached out to me to say they liked the shit. Michael Jordan reached out to me to say he liked the “23” song.
I even scored the LeBron commercial. I came with the whole song and everything and got John Legend to sing on it.
I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.
Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing, but, beyond that, subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features. Please sign up today!
In his high-school life, he was constantly bullied for being a loner, as well as having N/A under the category of "age" for any registration. Ray stood up to get dressed and went downstairs to have breakfast without brushing his teeth first.
All Ray could think about was all those donuts that he bought, but haven't eaten any of it. "Could my day get any worse?" he cried while kneeling his head down.
"I'm so sorry, are you okay? I hope I didn't ruin your clothes!" he said as he got back up on his feet.
"Dude! I love that game. And yeah, we should probably be lab partners too if we ever get the chance! We have some great things in common" Caam winked.
"Rainy days are when you have to suck it up and get out there," he said. "Shiver a bit and you might get a bigger tip."
In an AMA (Ask Me Anything) discussion on Reddit, the historian host of The Great War YouTube series invited users to challenge his knowledge of the first World War, inquire about what he hasn’t covered in the show’s first 234 videos, and get his historical perspective on the United States’ current political climate.
Keith Thurman: No, I’m not surprised that it got made. I mean it’s the year 2017 and hey, money talks.
This is not your typical boxing event, and it’s almost not your typical sporting event although it’s being placed as a typical boxing event in a typical boxing ring. What you’re witnessing is a crossover extravaganza. How much of a build up has there been in the past seven years or whatever, just throwing a number out there, of what is better, boxing or MMA? You’ve had some guys like Kimbo slice, rest in peace, that crossed over got defeated, won some matches, but nothing major came from it. But what you have here, and why this really manifested, and why Floyd even allowed it to happen is because his name is Floyd “Money” Mayweather, so whatever makes money makes sense to him.
Mayweather is a truly rare athlete, he’s a rare specimen, and to have him go up against the most rumbustious, most entertaining, biggest loudmouth Irishman on the planet, you know. So I don’t think no matter what kind of crossover they do, I don’t think it could ever compare to this crossover. So I think it’s cool that this is the first time and the best you’ll ever get to witness. But then again, if they do some heavyweight crossover, that could be interesting. People love heavyweights and whenever those guys fight is just lightning and thunder. So that could be interesting, but just as overhype and everything, I don’t think anything can get bigger than this.
Thurman: You know how like sometimes people have beef but then you go and fight face to face and then you kind of squash your beef. Well, this is one of those situations where they had beef, they met each other, and now I think they got even more beef than they did before. That’s their own story. I think it’s kinda funny, and I wonder how personal it’s going to get for Paulie when he ends up commentating on the fight.
Thurman: There are a lot of rumors about what really happened in that sparring session with Paulie. Paulie ultimately said that McGregor has some growth in his boxing technique but there isn’t really enough time to allow him to grow enough for the Mayweather fight. That sounds like a true statement regardless of whether the guy got beat up or not.
Paulie Malignaggi was a retired fighter that went into your training camp out of shape. And whenever you call somebody into your training camp, you have to understand that you will be in better shape than they are. And another thing is that I’ve never sparred a single sparring partner for 12 rounds. So you don’t make the guy that just got off a plane and who’s not ripped and shredded like you are, you don’t make that dude spar 12 rounds with you.
For example, back in the day when me and Shaun Porter were sparring partners before we were battling for these titles — and it looks like he might end up being my next opponent as a rematch — I was preparing for Marcos Maidana, that’s why we were sparring because of Porter’s aggressive style. That was before Maidana pulled out. Me and Porter never even sparred 10 rounds, we would only spar a maximum of five rounds at a single time. We would always spar four rounds and then my other sparring partner would come in next. So being able to get the best of a sparring partner in a training session, I mean, and you’re talking about a retired fighter. When I look at the photos of Paul Malignaggi in that training camp, he was overweight, but still went 12 rounds with the guy. So it is what it is, he’s not fighting Paulie, he’s fighting Mayweather.
Thurman: Mayweather hasn’t knocked anybody out since what, Ricky Hatton? Victor Ortiz was a freebie, hands down. So I’ve made this statement a lot the many years I was rising through the ranks and I wanted to have an opportunity to put my skills against Floyd Mayweather, the best boxer of our generation. I always said, ‘you don’t have to be scared of Floyd knocking you out.’ I mean, you can look forward to a 12-round fight with Floyd. I mean, I’d put my grandma in the ring and not think she’ll get knocked out, so that’s not the question. The question is, can you beat the man?
As long as you get seven of the 12 rounds in the books on the judges scorecards, you have a unanimous decision. So I don’t see McGregor achieving that. Floyd Mayweather boxing’s style is one that makes sure no fighter achieves that because that’s his goal and he knows you’re not allowed to win seven rounds. You can win five rounds and look good, but he doesn’t allow you to win six or win seven. So yeah, McGregor needs a knockout to really shock the world.
As much as Wright-Phillips was a crowd hero, he never really got to experience the good times he probably deserved with City. He played a bit part in the 2011 FA Cup-winning side, but had moved on by the time the title came to the Etihad the next season. By a bizarre quirk of fate, though, he was on the pitch when Roberto Mancini's side snatched the championship, playing for QPR that afternoon.
Although he hadn’t released a ton of music in the recent past, Action Bronson has kept plenty busy. He’s got his Viceland shows, he’s appeared as a celebrity chef on talk shows, and he’s got a new matchmaking show coming to Snapchat. Last year he shared the new song “Durag vs. Headband.”
Yuta Togashi thought he had problems dealing with one delusional girlfriend in the person of Rikka Takanashi, but now things are about to go totally insane as his FORMER "one true soul mate" from when he was a chuuni himself returns with a vengeance! So how bad is Satone Shichimiya's re-entry into Togashi's chuni-verse likely to be? Let's just say that she's so epically off the deep end of the chuni-scale that she prefers to use the name Sophia Ring SP Saturn VII and that she'll joyfully tear Togashi's real world to pieces in order to get him back in her imaginary one! Some girls just want to have fun and some want to break down the walls between their boyfriends and themselves. But when a girl's idea of fun is breaking down the wall between their presumed boyfriend and reality, retreating into a fantasy world might just be Togashi's best option. Especially since Satone knows where ALL the skeletons from his past are buried. Toss Rikka's equally delusional friend Sanae into the mix and girl-crazy takes on a whole new meaning in LOVE, CHUNIBYO & OTHER DELUSIONS - HEART THROB!
This gets to a larger point. People like Director of National Intelligence James Clapper claim that more transparency will give the terrorists our playbook. I think you can acknowledge the existence of programs without giving away sensitive sources and methods and giving away our counterterrorism playbook.
[Instead, civilian agencies should focus on] providing [information to the private sector.] If the government gets information because of its foreign government intelligence apparatus, it should be able to quickly send that out to the private sector. Primarily as a one-way communicator. Here are threats we're seeing overseas. There's been some of this in the past, but they haven't scaled it up. [The government has] more of an interest in making it a quid pro quo, government receiving information and then giving information back. The private sector is going to be able to operationalize it much better than the U.S. government.
Some of the career officials are hesitant to scale [public-to-private sharing] up because they want to use it as a chit to get access to more data. I think that's the wrong approach. Government should give this threat information to the private sector. We shouldn't adopt the mentality that the government knows better how to do this.
Some in Congress have said we need to promote information sharing. I think that's code for many career national security officials to weaken privacy laws so they can get access to more domestic data. I'm all for pushing information out. I'm all for making it easier for companies to share information between each other, which may require more explicit legal language. I think if we can do that without weakening consumer protections, you can do that.
[Spying on terrorists' Gmail accounts] should be done by civilian law enforcement agencies with a warrant. It shouldn't be a military agency without a warrant. That's completely inconsistent with the values of this country. I don't care if it's a treasure trove of terrorists. It doesn't matter. There's something fundamentally wrong if that's our strategy. There's got to be a better approach. There's no way we have to rely on the military to be able to do that.
While both are solid and dependable veterans, it’s got to be a worrying development for Payton’s future with the team.
Having Ross, Aaron Gordon, Evan Fournier, Nikola Vucevic and Jackson, along with some dependable veterans, might get you into the playoffs.
Which brings us to the next key point, what the Magic would have to give up to get Jackson. Any deal would likely involve Payton.
So really the Magic wouldn’t likely get much improvement in this area from making a trade for Jackson, although his three-point shooting (36.3 percent) would be a big upgrade.
Hardly the kind of improvement to get excited about, but at least he is trending in the right direction.
If the Orlando Magic were to trade for Reggie Jackson, it’s unlikely they’d get much better in the short or long term.
5 people were killed by the tornadoes, over 200 more injured, and damages were estimated at more than $285 million (USD) ($600 million 2003 USD). In Nebraska, Tornado warnings allowed people to get to safety in time, which prevented a higher death toll. The South Locust Street area in Grand Island was hardest hit, struck by the fifth tornado of the night (an F4 tornado). Much of the rubble and debris left by the tornadoes was placed in a landfill that now forms Tornado Hill, a popular biking and sledding spot In Grand Island today.
But anyway, we could go on all day. but you're a busy reader, so we'll get right to the point: Because Zappa left such a huge, mind-bogglingly vast body of musical works behind, newcomers to Zappa are often perplexed. They always ask something more or less along the snout of "Which songs should I listen to first?"
Employers cut 62,000 jobs in June, marking the sixth consecutive month that the nation has shed jobs, according to a government report released yesterday, deepening concern that the struggling U.S. economy could turn worse before it gets better.
"We're not in a traditional recession dynamic where jobs get cut aggressively," said Bruce Kasman, chief economist for J.P. Morgan Chase. Still, he said, "things may be starting to get worse, not better."
Wrapping up a European tour, Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said high oil prices "are a strong headwind, and at this level, they have got a high risk that they are going to prolong the slowdown."
Many of Posner’s sharpest inquiries revolved around the question of same-sex adoption. Thousands of gay couples in both Indiana and Wisconsin are raising children, which the state permits them to do. Given this reality, Posner asks Indiana Solicitor General Thomas Fisher, isn’t allowing gay marriage “better for the psychological health or the welfare” of gay people’s kids? Allowing same-sex parents to get married, after all, would bring them and their children a plethora of benefits. Fisher’s noncommittal answer, which bordered on callousness, brought out one of Posner’s harshest rebukes.
"We have roughly a million and a half homes that can have a technology to get a gigabit-per-second service capability today. We have a product that we can offer the retailers, should they want to sell it," Morrow said.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Şova's dismissal may indicate that the situation has improved since then—although some think he will get his old job back after his pilgrimage to Washington. Romania has some way to go in facing up to its wartime past, and a change to the way history is taught might be a good place to start.
That may be the part I’m the most proud of. When I look at most things I made five years ago, like code, I can see pretty clear deficencies. But Dungeon World hasn’t aged like that for me. I haven’t found anything I regret or that I think we got wrong. If we ever revisit Dungeon World it won’t be to patch problems, it will be to share new ideas.
That directive — N.B. Secretary Mattis — may still be in effect. It would have a lot of absurd effects that could cost lives. For example, if the Marines — America’s “kick the door in” force — need to storm a beach, they’d first have to get permission from the beach erosion experts. If you doubt that, as Casey Stengel would have said, you could look it up.
Over the last 10 years I have routinely experimented with middle pitch. It doesn’t mean my instruments and apps aren’t in tune when I play them, it means that I set my base pitch where I want it, not where the tuner or a musical society of standards says it should be. Around 2000, I began to reconsider 440A. It seemed preposterous to me that you have to be at this range to play “music.” In 2001, I prepared my bass with a wooden dowel under all four strings and applied this to my solo project RAFT and a new group called n0 things. By abandoning the notion of concert pitch, I was able to find a place that felt good sonically. A pivotal moment for me was when I strung a rubber band from the horn of my bass back to the dowel rod under the strings and began plucking it as a hook for a song. The resonant thud had overtones I desired to hear even though the setup wasn’t very practical, musically speaking, but it really got down to the bones of what a sound is or can be beyond the standards of music and concert pitch; the “play-here-to-be-a-musician” school of thought. What was peskily ringing inside my own head could now see light and enter into new creative territory. So I began settling into this new relationship between my strings, strange vibrations and my free-to-run sound-self. By the time n0 things had come and gone, I had a system, and A was at 436hz. I had developed something new that came from abandoning concert pitch. I developed all of this much further in the band These Are Powers.
In order to get an accurate set of responses, I played the same piece “Rethinking Concert Pitch” exactly the same, twice, the first one in 432 and the second in 440, each for 30 minutes. The notes and hertz ranges I chose to present for this demonstration were determined by my own emotional and physical reactions during the research and design phase. I used an app on my Iphone called Signal Generator to find my ranges. It allowed me to quickly scroll through all the semitones around 432 and 440.
“The 1st third of the set I got deep into a zone, eyes closed and dreamy. Midway through I became very alert and the last third I experienced some agitation.”
“...Could really get lost in them (the sounds) moments I got distracted...I emerged with tears…..heartbreak, reconnection, dreamy thoughts, past things/people, future feelings.”
“At the beginning of the 2nd set I spontaneously started thinking about things I was grateful for. I imagined being active and defranic in my body. Had the immersive feeling I get when sitting in the sun.”
With all this in mind, through my own research and conducting this demo, I have concluded that 432hz and the harmonic structure relative to it delivers warmer tones that seem more receptive to blending as a harmony. The sound, and this is a fact, is moving slower per second, which may explain its calmer vibration. The fact that calm was the top-sited emotion during both sets tells me that 432 and 440 both have the power to affix and transform the listener. Then again, 7% more people cited discomfort during 432, not to mention that sadness was higher in 432. Maybe 432 has more significant extractive power. I’m not sure, in fact I don’t know if any of these claims about 432 carry any weight other than the scientific fact that they’re moving slower and are lower. I keep looking at the charts going, hmmm….I don’t think there’s anything to this debate, at least based on my mostly unscientific data collection, all despite the fact that I prefer 432. I tried to control the variables as much as possible to get honest reactions. That said, I think what it comes down to is the individual.
It showed Villaluna attacking Mr Collins first, then stabbing Ms Pilapil before returning to Mr Collins who was trying to get up off the floor.
"The myth says Lowry's an isolated weirdo completely off on his own," said Professor Clark. "Actually he very early on decided he was more likely to get sympathetic attention in Paris than in London."
"He is possessed with certain compositions throughout the years - he can't get them out of his mind. It's not that he had a paucity of invention, but that these are the works he wants to depict."
Pink Stingray? Mmh- that’s already got us salivating. But how much should you be prepared to pay for this audacious excuse to finally come clean with your foot fashion fetish? If you guessed $6500- you are spot on?
One day when Lady Gaga is strutting the planks on her magic catwalk she will fall flat down only to get up and look the paparazzi dead in the eye and hope that every one of those 48 000 cameras were there taking their picture of her before turning back at the chipmunk in her $72 000 handbag and winking- ‘we’ve got them fooled kiddo…’
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
In 2003, a Maricopa County Superior Court jury acquitted a man who had been in jail awaiting trial since 1999 on the grounds that he had been entrapped into a staged assassination attempt on Sheriff Arpaio. James Saville, a troubled youth with a checkered past, had his prime years from 18 to 22 ripped away from him, and was facing 22 more years if convicted. Had he served that full term, and had evidence not emerged that Arpaio’s goons planted evidence on him in a publicity bid to get their sheriff re-elected, Saville would still be in prison today.
I’ve got a soft spot in my heart for my Trump-supporting readers, but you are dead wrong about Arpaio. This man is a thug of the worst order, and it is only because of a gross power imbalance within America’s abominable judicial system that he is not currently locked away in a cage where he belongs. There is no way of knowing how many lives he has ruined in order to advance his personal ambitions, but given the way that he has built a career on targeting the most voiceless and powerless populations in America, it would be incredibly naive to think that James Saville was the only one.
“He had a terminal diagnosis four years ago, and instead of giving up, he chose to be an incredibly present and loving husband,” said his wife, Katie Campbell. “He chose to keep creating in spite of the very real possibility that he would never get to actualize any of his ideas. He kept investing in new relationships and developed best friends. He chose to start a Ph.D. program when he knew he would have weekly chemo, and he chose to just face it head on. I think that is remarkable.”
OK, lets pause for a moment, what the heck is an atheist worldview? He keeps using that term, but I honestly have no idea what that actually means. Atheism is not a worldview, instead it is a conclusion ..no evidence has been presented to verify the claim that there is a god, so we simply reject the assertions regarding god. In other words, it’s the null hypothesis, that’s it, nothing more. It’s not a belief, it’s not a religion, it says nothing about how you should live, it says nothing about what is right and wrong … it is just the rejection of silly claims about supernatural gods due to zero evidence (So how many times need I repeat it before they get it? … many more I suspect).
There are a number of banks taking a look at crypto, some with a more positive outlook. For example Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO Lloyd Blankfein's has also in the past acknowledged Bitcoin and expressed the possibility that Goldman could get involved in the cryptocurrency, potentially via a trading operation focused on Bitcoin.
Despite flailing his arms about, making a claw with his hand, and stammering his speech while he performed an impression in November of a New York Times reporter with arthrogryposis, which limits the functioning of his joints, Trump says he never actually mocked the journalist. “I spend millions a year, or millions of dollars on ramps, and get rid of the stairs and different kinds of elevators all over [in Trump-constructed buildings] and I’m gonna mock? I would never do that,” he said last month. “Number one, I have a good heart. Number two, I’m a smart person.” Besides, despite telling the South Carolina crowd in November "you ought to see this guy," Trump says he has never actually even seen the reporter. “I didn’t know what he looked like. I didn’t know he was disabled. I didn’t know it, I didn’t know it at all. I had no idea. So I started imitating somebody — I didn’t speak to the guy — somebody that was groveling," he said later.
Despite Trump saying in 2011 the US needed to "go in" to Libya "to save these lives," and criticizing the US for "not bringing [soldiers] in to stop this horrible carnage" by Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi, and saying that "if you don’t get rid of Qaddafi, it’s a major, major black eye for [the US]," he says he was never actually in favor of a Libyan invasion. "I never discussed that subject. I was in favor of Libya? We would be so much better off if Gaddafi were in charge right now," he said in February.
GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: "I'm holding out my vote, unless I get some extra kind of benefits here." I mean if you do that in Sacramento, you know, you'll be sued. It is illegal to do that, to buy votes.
WESTSIDE ADOPTION CENTER: I’m at LexiDog on 6100 SW Macadam Ave. Portland, OR 97239 (503-327-8219). I romp and play all day with the other dogs in doggy daycare so I might be a great fit with your canine family members! Looking for a lap dog? Well, guess what? I’m looking for a lap. I’m easy going, sweet, and I get along with most everyone. No point in you looking any further! I think I’m pretty close to perfect. If you can provide me with daily exercise, routine, and a little bit of training, I think I could be a great match for you. You know what sounds like fun? Taking a Basic Manners class, like the one here at OHS; training and treats, sounds good to me! I’m one of the lucky ones who came from Merced Co. Animal Control to OHS through the Second Chance Program.
"Two thirds of all Americans own their homes, yet we have a problem here in America because fewer than half of the Hispanics and half of the African Americans own their home. That’s a homeownership gap. It’s a gap that we’ve got to work together to close for the good of our Country, for the sake of a more hopeful future. We’ve got to work to knock down the barriers…"
Now, let me address my second issue, and that is the manual underwriting process itself. While Countrywide’s own internal evidence supports the notion that manual underwriters are approving a good majority of the loan applications that get referred, the fact of the matter remains that a human is involved in this step of the process thereby creating the possibility that a decision is made based upon the level of the borrower’s FICO score.
“This warmth is making the ocean get bigger. When the ocean rises [by a few inches], this whole area will be under water, and not just this area, that area, that’s Miami.”
“But the main, main, thing, everybody, is the speed, it’s the rate at which things are changing. Oh yes, the world was once warmer, there was once more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere than there is today, but all of this never happened this fast. And that’s what you gotta get your heads around.”
“Precision technologies help get the right amount of feed to the right pig at the right time,” says Dr Pomar. “It is a total shift in pig nutrition. Instead of basing their nutritional requirements on estimations collected from data, feeding with technology depends on an individual animal’s health, genetics and nutritional status, as well as external factors such as stress and management systems.”
"Since early (Monday) morning, the security campaign got off to a vigorous start as inspectors swung into action," Nawaf al-Bouq, a police spokesman, told Saudi Gazette newspaper.
Keolis Commuter Services would kick in an estimated $10 million for construction costs, as well as $7 million in yearly operating expenses, to cut down on fare evasion that costs the MBTA as much as $35 million a year. Riders have complained for years about commuters who get free rides because conductors fail to check tickets consistently.
It does this by monitoring your daily activities, picking up on your regular habits – say, playing music when you get home – and learning when to second-guess your next move and cut out the middle man.
If, like many, you use the same four-digit code to unlock your iPhone as you do to get money from a cashpoint, things are about to change. Doing away with four-figure codes in favour of a new six-digit method, Apple is switching the number of possible passcodes from 10,000 to a cool million.
Bentley denied having a physical relationship with his former aide, though in some of the recordings he talked about the pleasure he got from fondling her breasts.
“It’s really time for us to look ahead and start moving forward on more pressing matters,” Republican Sen. Cam Ward said. “It was a constant distraction, one that was never going to change, and it’s time for us to get back to work.”
But according to FOSS Patents, this “final” decision can still be appealed. Apple now has two months to respond to the Central Reexamination Unit, and if necessary, the company can send its appeal to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. If Apple still doesn’t get the decision it’s looking for after that, then the appeal can go to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
This wasn’t the first high-profile mishap with an autonomous vehicle. Back in September, one of Google’s self-driving cars was involved in a crash with a public transit bus. The car was driving itself at the time, but the human driver slammed on the brakes when he anticipated the collision. Unfortunately, neither he nor the car were fast enough. No one was hurt, thankfully, but the incident prompted similar questions of why the Google car failed to get out of the way.
It’s important to think about ethical decision-making in autonomous cars. But the trolley problem, with its action movie–like scenario, can overshadow questions that are more mundane but also more pertinent to most people. It’s not as much fun to have a philosophical conversation about how real people in real situations deal with the risks of living with these new technologies. Most of us won’t have to make a life-or-death decision like in the trolley problem, but we may well have to deal with technologies that decide who gets the raw end of a car-on-car, or car-on-human, situation. Take the woman suffering whiplash after her self-driving car braked too fast or the school crossing guard, accustomed to making eye contact with drivers when putting up stop signs, who now has to learn to trust autonomous vehicles to brake for kids walking to school. So many of the questions here are mundane: How will this technology change the shape of personal injury law? What do self-driving cars mean for license regulations?
According to the Arizona Republic, the human driver reported in her statement to police that “As far as I could tell, the third lane had no one coming in it so I was clear to make my turn. Right as I got to the middle lane about to cross the third I saw a car flying through the intersection but couldn’t brake fast enough to completely avoid collision.” It’s interesting that she focuses not on who or what was driving the other car, but instead on the vehicle was doing in relation to her.
There’s a really important national debate to be had about how to define the role of autonomous vehicles in our increasingly complex society, but let’s not get sidetracked by armchair philosophizing or tantalizing moral dilemmas. Instead, we should be looking at real challenges faced by real people.
The Job Fair will be facilitated by Naskila Management along with Tribal departmental staff. The open meetings will allow interested people to get face to face time and learn more about career opportunities. A variety of positions are available from managerial and technical to service and support. A flyer, also posted on the Entertainment Center’s Facebook page offers a phone number for those with questions.
Carosella on Friday evening allegedly got upset when the Lexington, Ky., teenager refused to comply with his order to stop digging.
“He was trying to seduce me,” Rapp said. “I don’t know if I would have used that language. But I was aware that he was trying to get with me sexually.”
During the Obama years, Congress also vocally complained about being slow-rolled, although then it was typically Republicans saying that it took months to get answers.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE regained a double-digit lead over likely general-election rival Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in a new poll released Friday.
"That's his money; he will get his money back," Josty said. "We just close the account."
But a better battery doesn’t seem to be in the offing anytime soon. As Fletcher explains, physics, politics, and the price of gasoline have always conspired against the improvement of battery technology. Fletcher’s book is hopeful—he investigates a number of promising technologies that might theoretically challenge the dominance of fossil fuels. But many of them are a long way from fruition, and the history of failure in the battery industry doesn’t inspire confidence. We might get a better battery someday, and if we do it will probably come from China, which has become the hub of advanced energy production. But don’t hold your breath.
In truth there was never much doubt that The Washington Post éxposé was accurate, given its depth of detail. If The Post got it wrong, why would security officials ask reporters to withhold details about the intelligence in question? But the White House felt compelled to send out national security adviser H.R. McMaster and his deputy, Dina Powell, to issue a non-denial denial, labeling the story false but disputing only assertions that ThePost didn't make — for example insisting that Trump hadn't blown any ongoing military operations. Intelligence operations, well that's different. Only Fox News was convinced.
The average income of a top-400 earner grew by 650% between 1992 and 2007 to a whopping $344 million. Over that time, the average salary barely doubled. But the average capital gains haul increased by 1,200%. How do the richest get richer? Not from their wages. From their investments.
But those are two very different kinds of forecasts. One is based on natural science, the other on social science. People are different from planets – they can change their minds, they can decide to not share their opinions or they can flat-out lie. And that’s before you even get to some of the statistical issues that make polling inaccurate.
But analysts such as Silver, a man dubbed an oracle, a soothsayer and a savant have an interest in continuing to share these predictions. Where would the man’s career be if he simply replied “don’t know” when asked what Americans would do? It’s not just FiveThirtyEight. The New York Times also got it wrong, along with Reuters, NBC news and countless others. Just about everyone did – because they couldn’t resist the temptation to try to guess human behaviour.
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
W e’ve booked accommodation once again in Farran Farm Hostel in Ballacolla, Co Laois. http://www.farmhostel.com/ Rooms are available in the hostel, and camping space (plus a shower facility) in the field behind. Many of you will know this hostel already. If you don’t know it, rest assured it’s a marvellous place.Please book direct with the hostel if attending; contact by e-mail on the website above, or phone Marty or Wendy Phelan at (00-353)-57-873 4032. As distinct from previous years, you’re stuck with me as so-called “organiser”. I don’t pretend to have the social or organisational skills of Jim or Catherine Walsh, so I’ll be looking for some kind volunteer to arrange a run-out if one should be called for – I’m utterly useless at that sort of thing. But we hope to organise a bus service to get us to and from the local pub on the Friday and Saturday nights. It’s a self-catering weekend, so you’d need to bring your own food. Nearest shopping area is Abbeyleix, 10km/6 mls distance. There’s no rally fee. Pay accommodation costs directly to Marty or Wendy. Ballacolla is some 100km/60 mls from Dublin, and about the same distance from Rosslare. The local landscapes are more restful than spectacular, but that’s what you generally get in any country’s midlands. Prices are: €20 per person per night for room accommodation, €5 a time for a continental breakfast, and €8 a night per person for camping. Hope to see you there! Pat Back to Content
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!
The FBI obtained a warrant to search the phone last month, but weren’t able to crack it due to the phone’s swipe password lock, which can actually be easily defeated — either by simply looking at the smudges on the phone’s screen, or because you’re the FBI and should have access to a variety cracking tools and skilled employees who know how to use them. The FBI attempted the password too many times, which locked the phone, which in turn could only be unlocked using the phone owner’s Google account credentials. As you could imagine, the pimp refused to cooperate, so the FBI served Google with a warrant in order to get the Android developers to help out.
“You have to break out of the bubble,” he explained. “Again, I often get – on the elite media like the ABC – I often get criticised or sent up, and I don’t object to that, by the way, for catching public transport a lot.”
Think, for instance, of the provision of quality, affordable childcare – a key demand of the women’s liberation movement in the 70s. For the rich, of course, childcare’s a non-issue. If you’ve got the money, it’s always been available. But for working class women, decent childcare can be life changing, removing a major source of social stress and bringing to an end a common form of drudgery.
Each of these players figures to get a maximum, or near-max, contract this summer. Which raises a question of perception among longtime NBA fans…
Some of this is going to get very technical with salary-cap holds and maximum-salary limits that haven’t much affected this franchise’s offseasons in the past.
"We’ve spent a lot of time dealing with contingencies,” he said. “We’ve got like 80 different scenarios going.
"The report got some things right but some things wrong. And we felt there were some glaring errors with recommendations in the report," Mr. Cooper said.
The Supreme Court judgment ending the ban on assisted dying was set to take effect on Feb. 6, but the federal government obtained a four-month extension during which those seeking this outcome must get approval from court.
The following is a short, but sweet sexy story that I wrote to get everyone in the holiday spirit. With Christmas only a few days away, I thought I’d write a little something to celebrate the season, as only an aspiring erotica/romance writer can.
Then, about a month ago, Jessie got a double dose of bad news that promises to derail her Christmas entirely. Robby’s father got sick with severe bronchitis and had to spend several months in Florida with his brother recovering. Most of the family was going to follow suit and join him for Christmas. Jessie thought she’d be going with him.
That was when the second bit of bad news dropped. Her mother got into a car accident, breaking a leg and injuring her back. She ended up needing surgery, the kind that required a recovery period that extended beyond the holidays. As a result, a plane trip to Florida just wasn’t feasible. She had to stay home and Jessie couldn’t leave her. She needed her help around the house as she recovered.
“It’s not fair!” she lamented. “Why does Christmas have to suck so much? Just this once, can I get a break?”
Where he got the ladder and why he was here instead of Florida were just some of the many burning questions she had. Seeing the heavy snow falling outside, she set them aside and opened the window so he could get in. As soon as the window opened, he crawled into her small, yet cozy room. He was shivering, despite wearing multiple layers, but he still had that goofy, lovable smile on his face. Not questioning whether or not it was a dream, Jessie just took him in her arms and hugged him.
Those feelings, and the powerful desires behind them, led him to embrace her naked body as only he could. Jessie eagerly embraced him back with desire of her own, wrapping her arms and legs around him as he got on top of her. Then, in what might have been the greatest Christmas gift anyone had ever given her, Robby made love to her.
“I put the coffee on. If you want to open presents, get up and get dressed already,” her mother told her.
“Once or twice a week, we’d get a truck and move it outside. It’s dangerous, though, because you have to pass checkpoints, and the soldiers often accuse us of smuggling weapons inside,” he said. “Sometimes people have been arrested, and sometimes they have forced us to unload everything.”
Things got more interesting when Frazier responded in a surprisingly open manner when asked about Creative Commons licenses, which allow for a more flexible approach to copyright. Creative Commons licenses are very popular in Brazil and the reporter wanted to know what the MPAA’s view on this approach is.
“I thought (Embiid) got tired. We told (Capela) we need to run him every time. The only weapon we have is to run him, lean on him, make him work. I thought Tarik Black came in and put his body on him. It’s like a boxing match. Your legs get tired.”
For many patients, so-called ‘bibliotherapy’ seems to work as well as talk therapy or drugs such as Prozac. In an ideal world, says the psychologist John Norcross at the University of Scranton, self-help books would be tried early in the course of therapy; medications and other intensive treatments would be a last resort, reserved for more serious cases. With ‘psychosis, suicide, emergencies, you get immediately to the professionals. But for most people, why not start with a book?’
This one is a bit unexpected, I'm sure... I had been looking forward to seeing "Kubo and the Two Strings" ever since I sawFor a glimpse of the encounter above, check out the video for the film's cover of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" , and see this film if you get the chance... It's playing now in the US, has gotten rave reviews and is sure to get a Best Animated Feature nomination at next year's Oscars, yet it is not getting near the attention that I think it deserves.
The Redskins will have to win out in order to get in no matter what happens and it might come down to the last week of the season, if they are lucky. For the Washington Redskins the playoffs do not start in 4 weeks. They have already begun. Lose and they are more than likely out of contention and must turn their eyes toward next year. Win, and they might just get a chance to make some noise and over come some more adversity.
I’m waiting on line at Urth Caffé when I get a text from Dan Hageman: “You here? We’re out front at a curb table.” The lunchtime bustle at Urth—the most ubiquitously “Los Angeles” coffee spot in downtown—was so crowded that I must have missed Dan and his brother Kevin when I first walked in.
The Hagemans are ideal first candidates. For starters, they weren’t offended when I used the term “E-List.” But they are also serious working screenwriters in Hollywood whose scripts—which include 2012’s Hotel Transylvania, the massively successful Cartoon Network series Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu, and the soon-to-be-released LEGO Movie—are beginning to find their way into the mainstream Hollywood vernacular. I’m here to pick their brains about how they’ve gotten to where they are, where they hope to go, and what kind of wisdom they have for someone like me, who harbors dreams of screenwriting but no real sense of how to get there.
Dan: Well the place where he got me was in acting, because even when he was in high school he would get every lead. And then I would go and I would get—
Dan: Kevin went to film school because he wanted to be a director, and at that time I wanted to go into music for film; film scoring and composition. I thought my brother will get jobs, I’ll write the music to his movies…
Dan: Of course, when Kevin graduated film school, he had a crisis of faith with the realization of, who the hell’s gonna give him money to make a movie? All of his film buddies’ parents would give them like, twenty grand to make student films, and our parents basically said screw that, you’ve got to do it on your own. Then I’m thinking, “How am I gonna become a famous composer if my brother can’t even get a movie off the ground?” And so we decided to write something.
Kevin: I took one screenwriting course and I was like, whatever. I barely got a passing grade.
Haley: There’s definitely a fun effect in Los Angeles, where everyone’s always trying to sell their product or scripts to whoever they think might be buying. You schmooze the guy you think is higher up than you, but he’s schmoozing you because he thinks you might be higher up than him—when really nobody’s anybody and everybody’s just trying to get their screenplay read.
Dan: Oh yeah, because that’s when I said, “I’m moving down to LA! We’ve got talent!” We thought it was our big break. Jokes. I’m telling you the whole story now, of how we went from shit to…wherever we are now.
Dan: It never gets easier. It’s an uphill battle every time, and you’re always starting from scratch.
Kevin: It took us ten years of writing before anything actually got made. We were tossed around a lot, we had a major screenplay making the rounds—they told us it was gonna sell for 2 million dollars. We had this major meeting at CAA, they’re telling us Steven Spielberg is going to direct—Dan, you cried, didn’t you?
Kevin: It was okay, but when Dan came in, the scripts got better.
Kevin: We do a lot over video chat and it’s helpful to just go, BOOP! Goodbye. I’m more of the patient brother, he’s more of the hotheaded, impulsive brother. So he’ll get so tunnel-visioned in that flower moment–
Kevin: But it also pushes you to find the gem. If you’re writing by yourself you can get stuck in a corner, and it’s so hard to come out of that.
Dan: Here’s the big secret: We’re actually writing it just for us. There’d be a lot more swearing in it, if we could get away with it. But it’s been so much fun for us, and we keep going back to it because our relationship with LEGO has been the best working relationship that we’ve ever had. There’s a trust: they trust us and we trust them.
Dan: We were so impressed to see the vision exceeded our own. Years ago, before we were getting produced, we thought that people were only making movies that are already entities. So we brainstormed ideas that we that people would pay to see, and one of those ideas was a LEGO movie. We wrote a 3-page treatment, then threw it in a drawer, cause we never thought we were actually gonna get the rights. So it was kind of kismet, when the producer Dan Lin called years later and asked if we were interested in LEGO. Totally chance.
Dan: So did you get what you wanted from us? Whatever life advice you’re trying to suck out of this interview?
Dan: You already know the basic advice. Don’t quit. It never gets easy. Don’t give up.
When I went vegan, I figured that cream cheese was just gonna be one of those things I lived without. I tried a couple of store brands, including Tofutti (umm, tastes like tofu to me), and Daiya (so chalky I can’t even get it down!), and Trader Joe’s Brand (I can’t remember why I hated that one, so I guess I blocked it from my memory). In short, commercial vegan cream cheese substitutes just do not do it for me. Nor did blending cashews with lemon juice. I mean, that tasted good, but it didn’t have that hip tang. I gave up for a while. Years, actually. I put hummus on my bagels and soyrizo in my jalapeno poppers. Then one day, I discovered that you can make easy cultured cashew cream cheese with nothing but nondairy yogurt and cashews. WTF? Was it seriously that easy this entire time?
The cashews won’t get smooth: You really do need to soak them overnight first, and use RAW cashews. And have patience: it can seem like all they’re doing for 5 minutes is getting grainy, but keep blending and they will eventually start to release their oils and get smooth. It’s basically the same chemistry as making nut butter.
“Maybe one year after he was relieved, he has learned his lesson well. He will no longer get personnel who are not trustworthy. My instructions to him is to coordinate with the director for intelligence for the vetting process of the personnel he will get for the PNP-DEG,” Dela Rosa said.
Mt. Fuji got its first full snowcap of the season in late October.
In neighboring Chiba Prefecture, Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea also get into the Christmas spirit with festive illumination and special events.
GALLERY: Mt. Fuji gets season's first snow crown
1% — With a just-better-than-zero chance of passing, Rep. Alan Grayson's campaign finance proposal is more a product of idealism than of realism. His bill, the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act, imposes a 500 percent tax on political contributions by corporations. What better way to get money out of politics than to bring in revenue in the process? While reform advocates might see the logic in Grayson's proposal, his donor-reliant colleagues seem unlikely to take it up, even in committee.
Rep. Charlie Rangel didn't get much traction behind his plan to make women register for the draft, coupled with his perennial proposal to reinstate compulsory military service. Rangel's goal is to give all Americans a stake in the wars the country fights, but it doesn't appear that his colleagues—or the Pentagon brass—share his views.
Bradford, meanwhile, remains in Philadelphia. He's the Eagles' starter after a solid camp, so the team's placement in this tier is all about Wentz. Since the rookie won't get many practice snaps during the regular season, this month will likely comprise Wentz's resume for 2016. The job he's applying for: November starting quarterback when the natives get restless in Philly.
This is hardly cause for alarm. It has happened to rookie quarterbacks from Aaron Rodgers to Eli Manning to Alex Smith. It is a surprise, however -- no matter what kind of spin comes out of L.A. about veteran Case Keenum's "proven ability" to beat the Seahawks. Other recent Rams starters to beat the Seahawks: Austin Davis and Nick Foles. The Rams should take their time with Goff if he's not ready, but this has never been about Keenum. It's Goff vs. Goff, and we get four games to watch his progress. Bonus points for this tier: The Rams and 49ers both play Denver this month.
The Saints feel strangely fresh for a team that has had the same coach and quarterback for a decade. They finally rebuilt their offense with fun young talent around Drew Brees. Michael Thomas has made more noise than any rookie receiver this year. I've fallen for the hype in Saints camp that competent coaching and improvements through the defensive line and secondary could make this defense respectable. At running back, C.J. Spiller could earn the backup spot over Tim Hightower or get released, based on how he looks in the preseason. ... The Jaguars made news for their free agency splashes, but we'll be watching their rookies more closely this month. At least four defenders -- Jalen Ramsey, Myles Jack, Sheldon Day and Yannick Ngakoue -- have a chance to have big roles right away.
The Jets have a roster of established stars for whom the preseason doesn't matter much. We don't expect to see a ton of Matt Forte, even when he gets healthy. They only rank this high on the off chance Geno Smith plays like Joe Namath and makes my heart sing. Second-round pick Christian Hackenberg hasn't seen many snaps in camp and might not even be ready for preseason action. The Jets definitely have the most compelling battle for a No. 3 quarterback job, with 2015 fourth-rounder Bryce Petty hoping to show progress. He says he plans to "Brett Favre it" in the team's first preseason game. We just want to see what that means. ... The Bills would have been a lot more interesting this month before losing their top two rookies (Shaq Lawson and Reggie Ragland) to injury. Former Olympic hopeful Marquise Goodwin is making believers (again) in Buffalo camp, and he has a solid chance to start if he shows out in August. ... ... Arian Foster will sit out the preseason opener for the Dolphins. It's worth watching how he and Jay Ajayi look this month, and if both can escape August healthy.
The story gets worse from there. All five employees are related, three of them were brothers, Jamal, Imran, and Abid Awan, with Hina Alvi being married to Imran, and Natalia Sova being married to one of the other brothers. Hina has apparently fled the country with her children, to Pakistan, where her family reportedly has significant assets and VIP protection.
This latest incident with Wasserman-Shultz has created more questions than answers. Why would the Congresswoman risk “obstruction of justice” to get this computer back? What is Wasserman-Shultz trying to hide? If there was a potential breach of IT security on Capitol Hill, wouldn’t the Congresswoman want that cleared up?
Where is the call for a special counsel on this scandal? Could it be Congress was breached by a foreign intelligence service, and no one wants to admit it, or did Congress get ripped off by a family of scammers? We need to find out the truth, no matter how unpleasant.
Today, Elon Musk revealed his ambitious multi-decade roadmap for human colonization of Mars, including the Interplanetary Transport System he believes will get us there. But while the event was full of technical detail on the new rocket and ship, it appears the crafts have yet to be named.
LORI WALLACH: Well, fast-tracking the TPP would make it easier to offshore our jobs and would put downward pressure, enormous downward pressure, on Americans’ wages, because it would throw American workers into competition with workers in Vietnam who are paid less than 60 cents an hour and have no labor rights to organize, to better their situation. Plus, the TPP would empower another 25,000 foreign corporations to use the investor state tribunals, the corporate tribunals, to attack our laws. And then there would be another 25,000 U.S. corporations in the other TPP countries who could use investor state to attack their environmental and health and labor and safety laws. And if all that weren’t enough, Big Pharma would get new monopoly patent rights that would jack up medicine prices, cutting off affordable access. And there’s rollback of financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. And there’s a ban on “Buy Local,” “buy domestic” policies. And it would undermine the policy space that we have to deal with the climate crisis—energy policies are covered. Basically, almost any progressive policy or goal would be undermined, rolled back. Plus, we would see more offshoring of jobs and more downward pressure on wages. So the big battle is over fast track, the process. And right now, thanks to a lot of pushback by activists across the country, actually, they don’t have a majority to pass it. But there’s an enormous push to change that, and that’s basically where we all come in.
But one other thing about fast track folks need to know, which is—and this gets to the weird politics—you’ve got the president basically doing the bidding of all the big corporations and commercial interests that spent millions of dollars to make sure he wasn’t elected the first time and to try and not elect him the second time. Against him are the entire labor movement united. There was a letter signed by every union president—basically, the most unity in the labor movement since certain unions left the AFL-CIO 20 years ago. And it’s the government employee unions, it’s the service sector unions—all the unions that are affected by what happens when all of our good jobs are taken away and the tax base crashes. And you’ve got groups that have never been involved in a trade fight before, all the Internet freedom groups who realize the agreement would undermine the basic rights to an accessible, free Internet. There are issues about net neutrality that could be rolled back. It’s just overarchingly a delivery mechanism for a huge, broad corporate agenda. So then, why would the president be with the Chamber of Commerce, the NAM, all the big lobby groups that also tried to unelect him? And against him are almost every House Democrat, and then, interestingly, a bunch of conservative Republicans.
Great policy tool, great job creator, super—except, under TPP, we’d have to give a waiver to that preference. Any company in any TPP country, so even ones that aren’t from those countries—Chinese state-owned enterprise firms in Vietnam—would have to be treated the same as a U.S. company and get all of those government contracts. And that’s also the same rule that undermines all the Buy Local preferences. So to the extent—you know, for instance, a lot of school districts have done rules that say, “Let’s buy local food from local farmers. Let’s not have a big multinational company ship our vegetables a thousand miles away when we have the ability from right here to produce and procure.” Those would also be violations. You have to treat the foreign company the same, give them the same access, as you would any domestic company. And if we don’t change our laws to meet those rules, we would face trade sanctions until we do.
LORI WALLACH: There’s an office that’s part of the Office of the President called the United States Trade Representative, are the actual negotiators. But I think underlying your question is: Who the heck negotiated this? And the reason we have such a lunatic agreement is those negotiators are advised by an official set of trade—U.S. private sector trade advisers. There are almost 600 of these advisers, and all but a handful of them represent big corporate interests. So, there are about 20 labor unions in the mix, of the 600. There are three or four environmental groups. There’s one consumer group, a couple family farm groups. Otherwise, it’s all corporate. So, literally, when it comes to like the pharmaceutical rules, the pricing of medicines, you’ve got all the industry there.
LORI WALLACH: Well, actually, what shut down the WTO expansion was a combination of inside and outside. So, folks saw the protests in the street in Seattle in ’99, but there was an entire year of campaigning, country by country, around the world to get the governments who were going to that meeting to agree to not do certain things and to demand certain things.
Rodger asked: How can I get the best cultural experience of Rome Italy?
Patrick replied to Italian traditions customs: Find the best location (meaning most Roman) to live. The more you are among Romans the better. Most tourists choose to stay in a hotel near the main train station, this is the most “non-roman” place to book your Rome accommodation!. It's cheep but most of the residents there are “new Italians” meaning foreigners mostly from developing countries. The place is great but there is little roman about it. And then quite simply, take a walk around Rome, get a guide book or take notes from this site. Eat at trattorias and Pizzerias (not restaurants), they have a more homely feel and the staff and owners often like to converse. Also eat in places away from the main tourist squares.
Sofia just got married, and being a traditional Italian she was still a virgin. On her wedding night at her mother's house she was nervous, but her mother reassured her, "Don't worry, Sofia Luca is a good man, go upstairs and he'll take care of you."
So she went. When she got upstairs, Luca took off his shirt and exposed his hairy chest. Sofia ran downstairs to her mother and said, "Mama, Mama, Luca's got a big hairy chest!"
So up she went again. When she was in the bedroom Luca took off his pants exposing his hairy legs, again Sofia ran downstairs to her mother, "Mama, Mama, Luca took off his pants, and he's got hairy legs!"
So, up she went again. When she got up there, Luca was taking his socks off and on his left foot he was missing three toes. When Sofia saw this, she ran downstairs.
"Mama, Mama, Luca's got a foot and a half!"
In June, we spent 1 1/2 weeks in Iceland, starting with their capital city, Reykjavik. From there, we circumnavigated the country via the Ring Road and wrote all about our experiences, which you can read here. The scenery in Iceland was beyond beautiful that we had at least a thousand photos to sort through once we got home. We definitely recommend nature lovers and photographers to make their own visit!
“If you share a rolled up note or straw for snorting drugs you risk exposing yourself and others to hepatitis C. This is especially true if your nose is bleeding. Cocaine in particular is very alkaline and corrosive to the thin membranes in the nose. If even tiny drops of your blood - often too small to see - get onto the straw or note, it is quite possible that blood to blood contact may take place through the nasal membrane”.
JOHN NICHOLS: Well, I thought that was a striking exchange and actually one of the more useful ones that I’ve seen in a presidential debate. And again, here you had a situation where Rand Paul was clearly standing aside from the other candidates. Now, it may be that his campaign has gone so poorly and he’s so low in the polls, that he finally feels he doesn’t have a lot to lose so he’s speaking more of what he believes. But it was incredibly useful, especially that intervention with Jeb Bush where he talked about the difference between people who come from privileged families and people who come from low-income families, from inner-city families, and how we clearly have a criminal justice system that is not equal and that is not functional. And you’ll notice that Paul came back to that again and again. Now, I want to emphasize here, there’s a ton of issues on which I disagree with Rand Paul. I don’t think he’s got the answers on especially a lot of economic concerns. But if you are to have a debate of a major party, you need to have differences of opinion. And what Paul did last night was offer some genuine alternatives.
More on Anchorman 2 when we get it.
Will this be the future of luxury bachelor and bachelorette parties? Maybe it's something you could get your grandkids. By 2050, bordellos will offer for-hire sex robots for disease- and guilt-free pleasure, according to a new scientific paper.
Will this be the future of luxury bachelor and bachelorette parties? Maybe it's something you could get your grandkids. By 2050, bordellos will offer for-hire s
"Ruger's continued commitment to supporting the NRA-ILA is outstanding," said NRA-ILA Executive Director Chris Cox. "The funds raised from this program will help us in both our fight to protect America's Second Amendment and our effort to educate voters and get them to the polls this crucial election year."
How that is done depends on the program you are using. Most web browsers for instance let you pick a download folder where all files get downloaded to. Some allow you to select temporary file locations as well, and the same is true for Windows.
But to get there, the researchers will need to improve their system. Currently, it performs with 94 percent accuracy. For a quantum computer to be reliable enough to use, it must be 99.99 percent accurate. A major factor affecting the accuracy of the system is the intensity fluctuations of the lasers that perform the operations on the ions. However, new, more-reliable, and more-powerful ultraviolet lasers could solve this problem, says Home.
The nearest thing to a tacit admission that the defeat of SOPA and ACTA indicated something was seriously wrong with the whole system came from William E. Kennard, the US Ambassador to the EU, who boldly suggested that legislators still have not got the balance in this area "quite right". Such a laughable characterization of the chasm that separates what the law tries to impose and what the public now believes is reasonable shows just how little US and EU officials and rights holders have really grasped what this year's extraordinary events mean for copyright -- and for them.
The party chairman during the Thatcher era, Lord Tebbit, was also unrepentant. Challenged over the Tories' demonisation of Mandela as a terrorist in the 1980s, Tebbit told BBC Radio 4's The World at One: "He was the leader of a political movement which had begun to resort to terrorism. You have to act within the constraints of the time and I get very irritated by people who judge the past by the present."
“Almost in some ways she was outsider even though was she trained and was insider in other ways,” says Tang director Ian Berry, who co-curated the exhibition with Michael Duncan. “I’m hoping this show can get her into the trajectory of art conversation.”
I occasionally get asked if there is a way to get my comic in print, and after I discontinued the Lulu volume there wasn't. However, if you missed out before, there is no need to worry, as Gunnerkrigg Court is being published as a 300 page hardback book by Archaia Studio press.
But somebody doesn’t seem to want you to exercise that freedom, or get that education.
But, some may say, what if we protest, and get in trouble? Look what happened to the teachers: will it cut our chances of getting into an elite college? Affect our career chances?
Ever since Empire and BloodHound, pentesting Active Directory has become pretty straight forward for 95% of the environments I get dropped in.
I find myself doing the same things over and over again, and when that happens it's time to automate! After all a 'fire and forget' script that automatically gets Domain Admin has always been the dream right?
Currently, for Death Star to work you're going to have to install my fork of Empire until this pull request gets merged and the changes get pushed to master. The fork contains some API and back-end database fixes for scripts that interact with the RESTful API.
To get DeathStar up and running:
Once you get that first Agent, DeathStar will take over and the magic will start.
It’s a dense and at times exhausting read. But Goldacre has done a decent job of making the issue accessible to a wide audience with a direct interest, from patients to practising doctors and academics. You can skim a lot of the book to get the general gist, or you can read it in details without following the links, or you can dig into research material he drew on and has laid out in meticulous footnotes and citations. He concludes the original edition with practical suggestions about what individual people can do to improve things, often simply by asking questions.
Have you got any family photos taken at a portrait studio at Sears or Wal-Mart that you'd like to share? Email your pictures to mailonlinepictures@dailymail.co.uk
Actually, I’m a big fan of Python. I’ve been using it (and teaching with it) for years. It’s exceptionally clean and elegant, so much nicer than Perl. And for those who feel that object-orientation is a necessity (I’m not such a person), Python’s OOP structures are again clean and elegant. I’ve got a series of tutorials on the language, if you are seeking a quick, painless introduction.
It matters. An Argentinian chef, say, who wants to make Japanese sushi may get all the ingredients right, but likely it just won’t work out quite the same. Similarly, a Pythonista could certainly cook up some code for some statistical procedure by reading a statistics book, but it wouldn’t be quite same. It would likely be missing some things of interest to the practicing statistician. And R is Statistically Correct.
For the same reason, I don’t see Python or Julia building up a huge code repository comparable to CRAN. Not only does R have a gigantic head start, but also there is the point that statistics simply is not Python’s or Julia’s central mission; the incentives to get that big in data science just aren’t there, I believe.
"In the public interest, I would have thought it would be better to negotiate with David, to give him some money and to allow him to get on with his life. As it is, he's in limbo."
We included rubber feet to raise the enclosure so it just hovers underneath your television. In addition to the built in heat sink, small ventilation slots on the bottom help keep the Raspberry Pi cool. GPIO pins are accessible through the slot on the bottom of the case and there is no need for disassembly to get to the SD card. We know you will love the attention to detail we put in throughout the case.
Trump did get a boost from Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, one of the 16 Republicans whose White House dreams were vanquished during the primary. Still, Walker suggested he was driven as much by a desire to keep Democrat Hillary Clinton out of the White House as admiration for his party's nominee.
Updates are constantly fed to Debian Testing, where users experience frequent regressions but also frequent bug fixes and improvements. LMDE receives “Update Packs” which are tested snapshots of Debian Testing. Users can experience a more stable system thanks to update packs, or switch their sources to follow Testing, or even Unstable, directly to get more frequent updates.
In recent years, crowdfunding – the contribution of money from multiple people, usually through the internet, towards a single project or effort – has become more and more popular in the entrepreneurial world. Through sites like Kickstarter, Indiegogo, RocketHub, Crowdrise, Appbackr, Mosaic, and many others, anyone with an idea, no matter the industry, has the opportunity to ask others to finance it. Because of crowdfunding’s increasing popularity, success with crowdfunding has become more difficult to achieve. To get some perspectives on what works, we interviewed three Workbar members about their effective campaigns on the most well-known crowdfunding site – Kickstarter.
According to Danny Fein, Litographs’ founder, the campaign was successful for four main reasons – its mailing list and Danny’s social networks; its timing; its creative use of rewards; and its strong press coverage. “It’s really important to get your campaign off to a good start, and it’ll take on a life of its own,” Danny says.
Danny’s main goal for the campaign was to get it featured by Kickstarter on the homepage, but that doesn’t happen without a bit of leg work. In order to build momentum and prove to Kickstarter that his project was worth highlighting, Danny sent an email to his existing mailing list of about 4,000 people who already had an interest in Litographs. He also promoted the page heavily on his personal social media sites – particularly Facebook. Instead of featuring a promotion on his website, he took the opportunity to offer a special price on posters – $15 instead of around $30 – available only on the Kickstarter page. This drove hundreds of customers, who were already Litographs fans, to “donate” to the campaign and get a poster for half the price. Kickstarter noticed the page’s immediate success and featured it soon after. According to Danny, about 50% of the money raised came from people who found his page through Kickstarter.
Danny also wanted to get some press coverage, but knew very little about public relations best practices. “I gave myself every possibility to have good things happen because it was so unknown,” Danny says. One way he did this was to make a wish list of around 30 blogs that he wanted to feature Litographs’ story. Instead of sending a press release, he scraped text from each blog, created hand-printed litographs of their logos, and sent them out via snail mail along with a suggestion that they cover his story. Four out of five of them did, and the first was TechCrunch – leading to the largest spike in the campaign’s donors.
The theater’s campaign succeeded and exceeded its goal, but Larry says, “It’s hard work – it doesn’t just sort of happen.” Plan for many hours of marketing power in order to get your project off the ground, and don’t expect donors to just find you. The Brattle already had many fans, and it still had to invest a lot of time, effort, and incentives into spreading the word about its campaign.
According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.
First, let’s get the supposed phrase right. The Spanish word for people is gente, not geste. Note that the supposed derivation requires Columbus to have made an error in spelling, since "in" in Spanish is en; the word in doesn’t exist in the language. I’ll have more to say on this point later.
When Yosuke the parrot flew out of his cage and got lost, he did exactly what he had been taught — he recited his name and address to a stranger willing to help. Police rescued the African grey parrot two weeks ago from a neighbor’s roof in the city of Nagareyama, near Tokyo.
Moving forward with Fuel on Docker, Mirantis continues to enhance functionality. As an OpenStack tool, Fuel on Docker remains the best way to deploy, test, and maintain your OpenStack platform. The easiest way to get it, is as a part of Mirantis OpenStack, so download it today to fully leverage your cloud investment.
"I thought, if these kids aren't taught now they'll probably think they will get away with it and continue doing it -- and probably end up in the big house when they are older. And you don't want that," he told Channel 9 News.
He said the video showed how a situation could get out of hand and distress other passengers.
That fail rate is likely linked to staph’s stealthy infection strategy, the authors note. Inside a victim, the bacteria battle immune cells that try to gobble them up. Once sucked into the cells, the bacteria normally get digested into un-infectious bits. But some of the bacteria can dodge death and hide out. Instead of a death chamber, the cells become bacterial getaway cars, leaving killer antibiotics in the dust and giving the germs a ride around the circulatory system to uninfected organs and tissues.
The new superdrug, on the other hand, specifically targets those stowaways. The antibody part of the drug tightly binds to acids on staph’s surface. When the bacteria get sucked into an immune cell, the antibody-antibiotic combo drug sticks with it. Once inside, cellular enzymes blast the drug apart, freeing and activating the antibiotic. In this case, the researchers found that a derivative of the common antibiotic rifampicin, called rifalogue, worked best. Bacteria that survive the cells’ digestion attempt ultimately succumb to the newly free rifalogue.
No. 6: Scrutinize everything. In the Slate article, I accused GMO critics of selective scrutiny: playing up the risks of GMOs while playing down the risks of non-GMO alternatives. One example was a papaya engineered with a gene from a virus. The papaya has been portrayed as dangerous, even though people have safely eaten non-GMO papayas loaded with the same virus for decades. Robinson says the comparison is faulty because “the genetically engineered form of the virus is not the same as the natural virus.” She claims that “the GM gene insertion and subsequent tissue culture processes used in genetic engineering create mutations. These can result in biochemical changes in the plant, which in turn could make the plant unexpectedly toxic or allergenic.” But mutations are hardly unique to GMOs. They’re ubiquitous, especially in plant breeding. You’re no more likely to get a toxic mutation from a GMO than from a non-GMO.
No. 12: Check your behavior against your values. When you find yourself rooting for the failure of nutritionally enhanced crops, arguing that it’s OK to try to block these crops as long as you don’t succeed, or dismissing vitamin A deficiency in 15 percent of Filipino toddlers and preschoolers as no big deal, it’s time to ask yourself how you got to this point.
The following hikes, rambles, and walks are perfect for novice hikers or families with children. Most are under five miles, and all have a kid-friendly feature to help entice them along. The best way to encourage my own kids down a trail is with the promise of water for swimming. We’ve got a few more tricks up our sleeves if you’re interested, but a good many of our favorite trails surround lakes, meander along rivers, or end up at the bottom of waterfalls.
At 1,280 feet, Black Mountain isn’t huge, but it is an unusual ecosystem for Southern Vermont, boasting lots of mountain laurels and blueberry bushes (ready in late July or early August), and lots of exposed granite. The views are good, but a bit obstructed by trees. When you get to the top, it pays to explore a bit for more exposed outcroppings of rocks and better views. There are two trails up the mountain, from either Rice Road or Black Mountain Road. The Rice Road trail is 1.5 miles and steep. The Black Mountain Road trail is 2.5 miles, but a more moderate climb. Choose the one most suitable for your family.
But; If when you say whiskey you mean the oil of conversation, the philosophic wine, the ale that is consumed when good fellows get together, that puts a song in their hearts and laughter on their lips, and the warm glow of contentment in their eyes; if you mean Christmas cheer; if you mean the stimulating drink that puts the spring in the old gentleman’s step on a frosty, crispy morning; if you mean the drink which enables a man to magnify his joy, and his happiness, and to forget, if only for a little while, life’s great tragedies, and heartaches, and sorrows; if you mean that drink, the sale of which pours into our treasuries untold millions of dollars, which are used to provide tender care for our little crippled children, our blind, our deaf, our dumb, our pitiful aged and infirm; to build highways and hospitals and schools, then certainly I am for it.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
If Mr Trudeau just gets along with Mr Obama, that will be a significant change. The two sporty leaders have engaged in pre-prandial raillery about which country’s ice-hockey teams are better. Mr Obama has taken with equanimity Mr Trudeau’s decision to withdraw Canada’s six fighter planes from the United States-led fight against Islamic State; Canada is increasing humanitarian aid and the number of troops advising Iraqi Kurds instead. The Keystone XL pipeline to carry crude from Alberta to the southern United States, greatly desired by Mr Harper but vetoed by Mr Obama, is unlikely to figure much in the dinner-table conversation.
That leaves trade and tax. The United States is the market for three-quarters of Canada’s goods exports and the source of two-thirds of its imports, but commerce could flow more freely than it does. The “beyond the border” agenda is supposed to accomplish that but has hit a snag: a disagreement over what law will apply to United States officials stationed in Canada to pre-clear goods for import. A row over Canadian softwood lumber, which the United States says is subsidised, could get worse. Canada objects to a United States law that obliges its banks to hand over information about accounts held by expatriates (see article).
But when the newly minted commander-in-chief said it at CIA headquarters, it began to get worrying. And something changed for good on Monday when Trump traveled to Tampa. For the first time, he stood in front of CENTCOM commander Gen. Joseph Votel and SOCOM commander Gen. Tony Thomas — perhaps the two most important generals in the U.S. military today — and their teams. On camera, Trump praised the forces for fighting secret missions every day, and pledged to give them all the equipment and support they need to turn back the spreading threat of terrorism. Then he said this: “It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.” Wink. Nod.
The defense/military/national security press corps is in many ways a different breed of journalists, with a different — and I’ll argue, heavier — burden of responsibilities. We cover war. We must inform the public, but we also must be careful not to get anyone killed. And military commanders and grunts alike remind us of that.
Journalists arriving on this beat find it takes a few years of source-building and practice just to get to know the enormous military, much less earn the kind of trust that leads senior leaders to talk to the public through your pen or camera when the news really hits.
They (and Trump) inherited Obama’s war, which remains a largely secretive fight using elite special operators, intelligence officers, and private military contractors working an insane operational tempo. What was meant to be a way to keep the U.S. out of a large ground war became a perpetual secret mission. Few Americans know the extent of U.S. military and special operations intervention in that region stretching from Nigeria to Yemen and Syria. Except in this war, YouTube gets a vote. American forces are showing up on social media and foreign press more than they want. The entire war on terrorism is challenging the idea that every SOF warrior is a silent warrior when the mission is right there on TV for all to see, or veteran SEALs write tell-all books or open their mouths. It’s just not reality.
The reason why Figure 9.1 in IPCC AR4 is disconcerting is that the temperature anomaly in the upper tropical atmosphere bears the signature of increased moist convective activity, which means that the hydrological cycle probably gets perturbed by increased GHG forcings, hence affecting rainfall patterns.
But by returning home prices to a more normal ratio relative to incomes, it would make housing affordable once again. This would get buyers back into the game, but even more important, it would establish a basis for valuing the plethora of mortgage-backed securities that have permeated the financial markets.
It is unclear whether swifter action by government officials could have prevented a return of the outbreak last summer. But a public health investigation is ongoing. Legionnaires’ disease is a pneumonia caused by bacteria in the lungs. People get sick if they inhale mist or vapor from contaminated water systems, hot tubs or cooling systems or, in some cases, showers.
"I'm so glad I didn't get arrested tonight," Katie Angel half-joked over the noise of the DJ at Kat's Pub, the Camby bar where she'd just finished performing the night of April 11 with her burlesque troupe, Angel Burlesque.
It's time for more fun with code enforcement. Here's how not to get away with a burlesque show:
However, that was a preliminary decision, according to the department, which, according to Baker, says it "tries to get everyone on the same page" in any situation, seeing if "there's room to be worked" or if "there's a variance that can be applied for." When NUVO spoke to Baker last week, he noted that the bar "wasn't in violation right now"; the business had been assessed for two violations pertaining to the show but had until April 11 to abate said violations.
The trouble is that a business needs to present adult entertainment "regularly" to be defined as an adult entertainment business — and "regularly" is not defined by the code. Not that the code doesn't get more specific; it does define, for instance, exactly what "nudity" and "semi-nudity" entail (nudity includes "human male genitals in a discernibly turgid state even if completely and opaquely covered").
She also emphasizes the "emotional benefits" afforded to troupe and audience members by a performance. "They're what motivate me to run Angel Burlesque," she says. "They go on stage and they feel so confident and they feel so beautiful, so powerful. Where do you get a chance to put yourself out there and receive that kind of positive reinforcement from the audience?"
– Dem bones got something to say –
Don’t get confused now. This is not a list of services that let you store all your files in the cloud, organizes them, or allows you to collaborate with friends. It’s more focused on file-sharing only, in the richest capacity—well, okay, you be the judge of that.
Zshare is mainly used to share files that are too big to be sent via e-mail. With Zshare you can host files, images, videos, audio and flash in the same place, and as long as they remain active they can be downloaded limitlessly. Zshare lets you upload files up to 1GB, and if you register for the service (still free), you’ll be able to share them privately. Premium members get faster downloads (like most of the services here) and the ability to upload up to 2GB per each upload. Multiple files are allowed in both free and premium lines.
For busy people, Senduit is the best choice there is! It’s a one-page platform that generates a private link from the file you upload (100MB Max) for easy sharing. You can send the link via email through Senduit’s page directly, or copy-paste the link to any other communication channel (IM, Social networks, etc.). You get to choose when the link will expire—from 30 min. to 1 week.
I couldn’t find the exact amount that you can upload per file to Flyupload, but the service looks great. Flyupload allows you to store, access, share and backup your digital documents, photographs, and music easily with complete privacy online. Registered users get extra features like 2GB space of files, Multi-uploads with an upload progress bar. You can also upload large files via FTP or create folders and keep track of files and Images. Additionally, Flyupload lets you share files from your database, to your Twitter account with a side tool called: Flyontwit.
If I had to choose one service only from this list, Mediafire would be it. The service has a good looking UI, with some great usability. It lets you share files even when you’re not logged in and gives you a set of tools to complete this experience. For individual use, you can freely share files up to 100MB with unlimited uploads, unlimited downloads, unlimited bandwidth, and unlimited storage. This is why you might choose Mediafire over 2large2email, for example. When signing up, Mediafire enables you to organize your files in folders, search and view your files, and email/share/embed with others. It’s the best service that you can get for free.
Last but not least is good old Yousendit, which has never plummeted in its presence online. A reliable and secure service since 2004 that offers the ability to send free 100MB files with a maximum number of 100 downloads allowed per file. You use it just like an email, choose a recipient, send it directly to a person’s inbox, and you get a notification when your file is downloaded.
“I called his office in D.C. and asked about it,” Holtz said. “They took my email and name and said they would get back to me but I haven’t heard anything yet.”
“I know that at least those will get through,” Glennon said. “I pay my taxes. I do have a right to be represented.”
“There are some people who get on there and all they’re doing is just attacking and all that stuff,” Taylor said. “Whether you do or don’t agree with it, they’re not censored.”
"Shit, Piss, Fuck, Cunt, Cocksucker, Motherfucker, Tits, Fart, Turd, Twat, Crap, Balls, Prick, Asshole, Jackoff, Jerkoff, Scumbag, Douchebag, Hardon, Rod-on, Boner, Stiff, Pisshard, Blueballs, Nookie, Koose, Gash, Slash, Hole, Slit, Snatch, Box, Beaver, Pussy, Bearded Clam, Jism, Cum, Cream, Juice, Pecker, Peckerhead, Peckertracks, Dick, Dork, Dong, Donacker, Wang, Shlong, Schwantz, Pork, Crabs, Ass, Butt, Hiney, Tuchas, Bum, Buns, Cheeks, Screw, Lay, Diddle, Plow, Hump, Bang, Poke, Batter, Wham, Knock-up, Bugger, Brown, Juggs, Bazooms, Knockers, Knobs, Lungs, Balloons, Dildo, Joystick, Hairpie, Muff, Cornhole, Rimjob, Blowjob, Sugarbowl-pie, Suck-off, Give-head, Sit-on-my-face, Buttfuck, Fingerfuck, Clap, Kleek, 69, 71 which is 69 with 2 fingers up your ass, daisy chain, circle jerk, cockteaser, wet-dream, cunt-struck, pussywhipped, short-arm, tuna-taco, group-grope, milking-the-chicken, bulldagger, gangbang, ballbreaker, ballbuster, merkin, bananas and cream, up the old dirt road, around the world, beat-your-meat, whack-off, flogging your dong, pounding your pud, beating the bishop, poontang, dingleberry, sit on it, fudgepacker, milking the lizard, fart face, old fart, farting around, fart sniffer, ream, snake, raincoat, quickie, queer, queen, putz, put-out, push, beef-injection, dog-style, pop your cookies, bust-your-nuts, one-eyed-monster, knob, pocket pool, tail, piddle, paddle the pickle, one-man-band, snapper, notch, rod, shaft, stick, piece of ass, god damn it, pimp, fucker, punk, faggot, dyke, lezzie, box-lunch, sea-food, hand-job, hammer, hatch, head-job, hot-nuts, hum-job, prong, jellyroll, jerk-the-gerkin, lob, meat whistle, cheese, scat fan, middle-leg, wanking, booty, love-muscle, snapping pussy, ghost, bitch, bastard, clam, bite the brown, going up mustard road, bone-on, bush, button, cunt-lapper, cherry, tool, dingus, quiff, quim, get off, joint, piece, stem, root, crack, cooch, crud, eat me, fuck you, up your ass, get laid, fuck-off, piss-off, piss on you, stick it, stuff it, ram it, jam it, cram it, horny, peter, the one eyed wonder worm, piece-of-ass, little brown eyeball, golden showers, pound cake, boy in the boat, brown eye, brown nose, sloppy seconds, Mongolian cluster fuck, rod of love, copping a feel, copping a cherry, copping a joint, on the rag, flying the flag, riding the cotton pony, dipping your wick, going down on, dry hump, fist fuck, skin-flute, French job, furburger, nuts, get your rocks off, get in, get it up, hung, ginch, gobble, dieseldock, rubber, shoot, diesel dyke that was, siff, wad, cocksman, tit-fuck, tongue, rough-trade, trick, weenie, and yodeling in the gully."
The Saudis responded by cutting off diplomatic relations and got its allies, Kuwait, Bahrain and Sudan to do the same. The United Arab Emirates downgraded its relations.
Editor's Picks Pelton: Clippers get F for Rivers deal Kevin Pelton serves up his grades for the three-team trade in which the Los Angeles Clippers got Austin Rivers.
"My brother plays out here and he said come so you can watch my games, I don't even think he was thinking for me, he was thinking for himself," Austin said. "My sister works out here, too, and I don't really get to see them that much. It was one of things when the decision happened, I called my mom first and then after that my brothers and my friends called me and said I should do it. Not just because of my father but because it's a good opportunity to help a team that's right there. When I look at it that way there's no reason not to come here."
In Arizona, the referendum vote set for 2018 would ask voters to decide whether they want to keep a law that expands education savings accounts. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican, backed the law and said this summer during a three-day Koch donor retreat in Colorado Springs that, “I need the power of the network” to get it passed, the Denver Post reported.
She said many families would be surprised to learn that might not cover all the costs of their kids’ private schooling, especially when the students get to middle or high school.
“Washington, and in particular the U.S. Department of Education, just needs to get out of the way,” she said. “That's because the real future of choice is in states. It's their futures to shape. And it's already underway today.”
"This is a real opportunity to finally get clarity on the government's plan for Brexit," Labour Party Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer, who put forward the motion, said in a statement.
Versus, ESPN, Fox Sports Net, local news, rinse, repeat. Stanford had just upset No. 1 USC, and there was no way we could get enough of it.
Eventually, one Republican guest did manage to get Cuomo to admit that "there's no question that it's been legally dubious from jump" before he still argued that "This is a moral argument, not just a legal one."
The reason that Obama -- Obama didn't create "Dreamers." He didn't even create the law. You guys -- and not you per se -- but Congress had been fighting over this since before 9/11. You couldn't get it done -- you wouldn't get it done. And, in fact, you got worse at it over time. That's how we got here. Now it seems like we're going to revisit the whole process.
Even the beer companies have come onside — sponsoring free pints at the end of each jaunt. “It’s been crazy,” says Sandhu, co-founder of the aptly named Run T.O. Beer, which meets about twice monthly. “It got so popular.” Just like the activity as a whole.
Society is in the throes of a running boom, experts say. And, running “crews” in particular are on the rise (FYI, you 40-somethings: “group” and “club” are not cool words anymore). Seems millennials (this includes people in their mid 20s to mid 30s), particularly those who live downtown in big cities, are taking to running like rappers to Nikes and hipsters to tight jeans. Joining “crews,” is how this younger set — who consider Trinity Bellwoods Park their backyard and prefer public to private space — have decided to take up the sport. A desired result is to get fit and healthier, of course, but they’re not just running to lose weight, says Alan Brookes, race director for the Canada Running Series, which includes the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Oct. 18. They’re running for all kinds of reasons: to escape a tiny, urban condo, connect with people and make new friends, explore the city, discover their own neighbourhoods and even make them better. “They seem committed with their values to a friendlier, more caring city,” Brookes says. “It’s about a search for community and building community and having a say in the kind of community you want.” It’s also about self improvement. Steven Artemiw, 34, co-founder of the Parkdale Roadrunners, one of the largest crews in the city, commanding up to 150 runners on their weekly Tuesday night jaunts, says he started running when he gave up drugs.
That attitude is fast trickling down to all kinds of people who may not have taken up running a few years ago, says William Chaupiz, 42, Toronto crew captain of Night Terrors, another enormous — and entirely non-threatening — running crew that runs primarily in the city’s west end, mostly in the evenings. Once upon a time, he says, running was about being fast, finishing a race and being competitive. You’d run alone, Chaupiz says, if you felt slow and self-conscious about “holding up the group.” More and more, urban running is now about embracing an active lifestyle in and of itself. If you want to be competitive, there are crews for that. But running is now something everyone of any and all speeds, can have in common, Sandhu says. And, it’s probably one of the most accessible sports around — all you need is “a pair of shoes, shorts and a T-shirt.” The T.O. crews Running crews are usually tied to neighbourhoods — and even though they’ll arrange runs to different pubs or clubs or restaurants all over the city, participants stay close to their hoods. Find them on social media. Join anytime. Most are free; some have a nominal fee. Parkdale Roadrunners: In the summer of 2010 a bunch of ballsy “non-runner” friends maDe a bet about who could sprint a 10K the fastest. By the time their race day came a few months later, almost everyone was injured — except for two people. They started running together, wearing T-shirts that read “I’d rather be smoking.” That got a lot of people asking, “When do you meet?” Today, more than 150 people join in their weekly runs.
How do the leaks get investigated? And who's investigating them?
For example, a lot ivory exits Africa from the ports of Mombasa [Kenya] or Dar es Salaam [Tanzania], so in these countries, we're active - proactive actually. We're in the field, we try to build networks of potential whistleblowers, we recruit sources, we investigate with other partners, and we try to get as much information as possible on the criminal networks.
A pair of tusks in Kenya is worth three, four years' of salary. It depends where, of course, but we know that poachers can get a few hundred dollars. And a few hundred dollars in those areas - it's a lot of money. Then, as the ivory travels all the way to Asia, which is the final destination, the price keeps rising. And on the black market in China now, we're talking about $3,000 (2,300 euros) per kilo.
We've launched our own investigations, three of them, all in Africa, and all on ivory trafficking. We'll see the results probably in a few months. We're targeting the upper layers of wildlife crime, and we're trying to get a better understanding of their networks. We're not after easy catches.
At the moment, if you want to get tested for a mutation on your BRCA-1 or BRCA-2 genes, you will have to turn to Myriad Genetics. That's the company that discovered the link between those mutations and an elevated risk cancer -- and it patented the BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 genes.
Suppose we decide that a better name for this field is security_code_check . Since the CSC check can go by many names this should be fine, right? So we update our fraud system with the new name everywhere, its unit tests all pass, and we deploy it. However, since we forgot to update the Balanced service, it has no idea that this field has a new name. Consequently, Balanced (the service) doesn’t know how to get the information it needs and we start returning internal server errors to all of our clients (and filling our own emails with system warnings). Our unit tests were not sufficient to tell us that this small change to our fraud system was potentially a breaking change to our system as a whole.
Deploys do occasionally become blocked due to a failing test. Every time this happens, we calmly fix the cause of the failure and start the process again – there’s no rushing to fix a bug that’s suddenly made it out into the wild, because it never got a chance to make it out of our staging environment.
High levels of economic inequality lead to imbalances in political power as those at the top use their economic weight to shape our politics in ways that give them more economic power. If you look at so many of the outcomes in our political process, no one can say that they reflect the interests of most Americans. Most Americans don't think speculators should be taxed at a fraction of people that work for a living; or that banks should be allowed to engage in predatory lending or abusive credit card practices; or that drug companies be allowed to get special benefits out of the government in the form of overpayments; or that mining companies should be able to get natural resources at below competitive prices.
At the top [of the income scale], a lot of the inequality arises out of efforts that people take to get a larger share of the pie rather than to increase the size of the pie. As you know, economists call it "rent seeking." What they're doing is moving money from the bottom to the top. But they're not creating wealth; they're just shifting wealth around. And the people who have been exploited are not better off; in fact, they're worse off.
Some people say we have this inequality because some people have been contributing much more to our society, and so it's fair that they get more. But then you look at the people who are at the top and you realize they're not the people who have transformed our economy, our society. They're not the inventers of the lasers the transistors, the computer, the discoverers of DNA. They're the bankers that exploited the poor, the CEOs who took advantage of the deficiencies of our corporate governing structure to a larger and larger share of the corporate revenues without increasing the productivity and performance of the companies or our economy as a whole.
Let's talk for a second about current events. So much economic policy today both here and especially in Europe, seems like medieval medicine: bleed the patient, and when she gets worse, add more leeches. In other words, "austerity."
During Wednesday's debate, Trump said Gens. George Patton and Douglas MacArthur would be "spinning in their grave" over the Pentagon’s public discussions of the ongoing push to reconquer Mosul, which began earlier this week. Trump has refused to answer any questions about his own strategy for fighting ISIS because he says he wants to maintain the element of surprise. On Wednesday, he said the US had tipped its hand too early, giving ISIS time to get key leaders out of the city and bolster its defenses.
"On a daily basis, we’re using tactical surprise very effectively to kill ISIS leaders," Knights said. "When a basic guided bomb drops out of the air, they get no warning whatsoever. So we’re hardly excessively telegraphing many of the aspects of the campaign."
“This is illegal, right? This is fraud and you would think he would actually get into trouble for doing this,” Samples told TPM.
488 Bitcoin / Bitcoin Discussion / Re: What's with this odd generation? on: February 14, 2010, 06:28:03 AM Quote from: theymos on February 12, 2010, 08:31:52 AM Does the sending client send more BitCoins to account for the fee (so the recipient gets what he's expecting)?
Previously, Mr. Lobo has crusaded against dance bars in his constituency. He said he got 14 dance bars, a front for prostitution which is illegal in India, to shut down.
"Commercial eye-trackers, to get a device is $10,000-$15,000," he says. The EyeWriter is estimated to cost about $50. He and his hacker colleagues have a do-it-yourself kit for building an EyeWriter that starts with a pair of sunglasses. For Lieberman’s prototype, he bought a pair from a vendor at Venice Beach.
In China there’s no such thing as queuing, it’s a concept that just hasn’t caught on. In Arabia I learned the subtle art of queue jumping from the Arabs, and the apologetic face of “sorry I didn’t know” that allows you to get away with anything up to murder, but that’s wasted here too.
I’d paid my bill in Starbucks one day, to suddenly find the fist of a Chinese man under my nose clutching his money. I’m not sure what he was expecting given that I was clearly waiting for my change, but what he got was grabbed by the arm and flung out of the door. He then came back looking very contrite and mumbling “di bu qi” (sorry in Chinese) at me.
I also watched a very large German guy lose it in a bank one day after he’d waited patiently for an hour to get to the teller window when a tiny Chinese chap darted in front of him. He walked up, picked the guy by his hair, and then carried him to the end of the line. In this case it wasn’t worth it, as he then spent twenty minutes explaining to jittery armed security why he’d done it in broken Mandarin.
“ There’s still a lifetime in politics, even though it’s less than 100 days. No one can be complacent. You’ve got to work hard. ” — Regina Montoya, Texas fundraiser for Hillary Clinton
“To donors, he is a familiar guy, and when he was chair of the DNC, he showed up in Texas," said state Sen. Kirk Watson of Austin, a former mayor of Texas' capital city who has known Kaine since he was the mayor of Richmond, Virginia. "People got to see him, got to know him."
"There’s still a lifetime in politics, even though it’s less than 100 days," said Dallas lawyer Regina Montoya, who has seen the memo. "No one can be complacent. You’ve got to work hard.”
The winner of Lebedev-Ramirez must face the Shumenov-Wright winner within 120 days. The winner of that bout gets to tangle with Dorticos for undisputed recognition as WBA cruiserweight champion.
Fischhuber had some troubles on the second problem in the finals, though flashed both problem 1 and 3. Odra managed to get three tops in the first three problems during the finals, the first problem required 3 tries before he managed to top it, while the other two he managed to nail. At this stage both Fischhuber and Odra were tied in regards to the finals, though Fischhuber had a better semi-final run and was slightly ahead in that regard. For Odra to stand a chance at winning he would need to flash the final problem and hope Kilian Fischhuber wouldn't be able to follow suit....
Here's a great idea: why don't you morons control your own territory and get rid of al Qaeda and the Taliban? Either do that, or shut the hell up.
"There was this woman, just shouting, shouting at my sister to get up. She was in bed asleep and she's only five so she was crying and the woman just kept shouting at her. She didn't have to do that. The search was bad. Why did they have to search my sister? She is only five, what is she going to have? They touch you all over and they're rough. It's rude."
Imagine what it must be like if you are a young child who has lived in the UK for many years, perhaps all your life, to be woken one morning and told you have just a few minutes to pack your stuff and get out.
Lucas got a new iPod Touch, just like the one that was stolen from him Wednesday when teenagers in a Lutz apartment complex pushed him to the ground and robbed the children's drink stand of all $13.53 in profits.
He got in touch with Lucas' mother, Jacqueline Jolly, Thursday night. He, too, had been recently laid off and said he wanted to reach out to the mother who had worked to help her son set up his first lemonade stand even though money was tight. She had bought pizza for the kids who helped out.
She got a call about 1 p.m. from the apartment office that the arrested teen's mother had left a gift for Lucas. It was a new, black folding table, matching folding chairs, a glass beverage dispenser and a juicer so the kids no longer had to squeeze lemons by hand. There was a card from Small's mother containing $20 and an apology. There was also a handwritten letter from the son, known as "Casper" to the kids in the neighborhood, saying he hopes to "dearly apologize" for his actions.
Hayashida: Yeah, the designer Minami liked Chisato Moritaka so he just added that in there. If you don’t know about it and it suddenly comes up, it’s like, what the hell? Anyway, naming things is always tough. Even after thinking and thinking it’s very common to just come up blank, and sometimes you get hints from strange places. I’m sure it’s the same with people who have to think of titles for movies or songs.
Kodama: Regarding the 3D, we would get an image of the dungeon in our head and draw them out on paper, but there were little details that bugged us and it wasn’t getting across to the programmers as we had envisioned it. Yuji Naka learned of this and, on his own, made a wireframe 3D imaging program expressly for us. That program was also the start of Shibata learning to draw 3D graphics. That was what was amazing about Yuji: he would never just say “that can’t be done” to a planning or design idea. He thought about our wishes seriously and would always figure out some ingenuous way to make our ideas possible. He was very considerate of the designer’s vision, in other words.
Morimoto: They went so fast you got dizzy, like you were drunk or something.
Kodama: We got many requests to make the dungeons in Phantasy Star II 3D too. But to make dungeons that would look satisfying to us, with rotating floors and other features, would have taken up too much memory on the Megadrive. It would have been almost impossible.
Kodama: Yeah, I think it just came about in one of our random conversations. Though I remember the decision to just drop you back into the dungeon came at the very end of the development. We were thinking about how to get the player back there to show the credits, and we decided to just plop you back down in there.
Yoshida: Now you’ve got some people with Famicom experience, some with Megadrive experience, and just a whole variety of people joining the company. That old apprentice system is fading away, and I suppose you could say something of the old Sega is disappearing too.
Hayashida: We had a lot of fun designing the monsters and events for Phantasy Star. Ah, that reminds me… one of the most difficult things about this game was how hard it was to get money. Mixed in with the standard necessities were some surprisingly expensive items, if you tried to save up money for them.
—Was the chemistry between the development staff a large part of the excellent balance Phantasy Star achieved? If the staff doesn’t get along, it seems like any good ideas would just disintegrate in that hostile atmosphere.
Hayashida: I think the success of Phantasy Star lies in the fact that the development staff was given the freedom to make the game we wanted, without restrictions or control. I wanted to create something that the Famicom wouldn’t have been able to do, so I wanted the dungeons to be in 3D. When I think back on the story now, there were a lot of ridiculous things in it, but we were able to do it how we wanted, had fun while we were doing it, and the result was a good game. After all, if you’re having fun, you can give it your all even when things gets tough.
Morimoto: “Gamer Miki-chan” refers to me. I got that nickname because I did a lot of the playtesting and bug checks. Sega’s publication “SPEC” featured a manga called “Hataraku Kaihatsu-san” (the hardworking developers), and there’s an interview with “Gamer Miki” there too. I got a lot of postcards from fans addressed to that name. As for Choko Oneesan, there used to be a Telephone Answer line Sega ran called “Joy Joy Telephone.” She was the “Oneesan” from that early period. She was really popular with the kids and would receive a lot of fan letters. You know, it makes me wonder, in Phantasy Star, why was I the only one to be found in such a strange place as the jail???
Hayashida: With video game music, whether the songs are poppy or more complex, they need to have catchy melodies you could easily hum to yourself. Then the music has to match the development team’s ideas (graphically and otherwise), so it’s really quite difficult work. If the songs are too long they may not get fully heard in-game, or they’ll eat up too much program memory… it’s no easy job.
Morimoto: We often get requests from fans who never got to play the Master System Phantasy Star and want us to port it to the Megadrive. But the truth is, if you do a thorough search you can find toy stores where they’ve still got copies of the original game for sale. I’ve seen people write on message boards stuff like “I found a copy at XXX-store,” but when I went the next day myself to check, it was sold out. So it seems there’s still some left in some small, out-of-the-way places, but if you find one you had better snatch it up, or they’ll all soon be gone. However, as part of the promotional campaign for Phantasy Star IV, we’re giving out copies of the original Phantasy Star as a present. Make sure you enter!
Hayashida: People ask us a lot about that, even today. When Yuji Naka got back from America after finishing Sonic 2, I remember he saw that and said, “Why the hell is someone selling cake in that dungeon.” Yeah, everyone thought it was weird.
Another aspect of the Phantasy Star development was that we all shared the same room: game designers, programmers, and sound. That meant everyone could peek in on everyone else’s work. I could check out where the game designers were at, and the designers could look over and see how the sound was going. It made for a very different atmosphere from what you see today in game development. The fans then also had a very refined appreciation for the sights and sounds of video games, too. I’d get letters from fans expressing support, or sharing their thoughts on the music. It was a real motivator for writing music. There were no sound tests in our games that time, and a fan once even sent me a tape she had made with all the game music carefully recorded on it. I was so surprised–she even recorded all the sound effects!
The Mooltipass Mini connects to your computer or smartphone and stores your passwords using a PIN-protected smart card. When you get started, the Mooltipass browser extension or smartphone app asks you to enter your password for each account, which it then saves. It also acts as a USB keyboard for adding in passwords manually. After that you’ll only need to log in by connecting the device and hitting its login button. In theory, it cuts out the need to remember and enter passwords each time you login into a site.
“We get very few bicyclist complaints, but when we do, it’s a conflict between the driver and the bicyclist.”
Schueler said he encourages the public to look at and understand the bicycle laws. “Because bicyclists do have a right to the roadway and we all have to share the roadway with each other and we have got to be good neighbors,” Schueler said.
"When [Rodriguez] gets up to bat, you can hit him and hit him hard," one player on the conference call told Yahoo Sports. "That's what I'd do. He sued us. Jhonny Peralta and Nelson Cruz screwed up. You know what? They owned up to it. They took their medicine. "[Rodriguez] needs to be scared of coming back and facing people he sued. If he can't fear the wrath of getting kicked out or not being included, he's going to be forced out."
"That's what everyone was thinking," the player said. "We wanted to get on this call and not let him back. [To say,] 'This is our game and we don't want you in it.'"
I get why they're angry. Alex Rodriguez is scorching the earth in his attempt to overturn the most serious PED punishment in baseball history, handed down via a process that he argues was capricious and unfair. (He also believes the union didn't do much on his behalf, and he's probably right on that count.)
Larkin was delighted at the impressive response they got for their new hockey school.
The kids who participated in last year's camp got first priority for this year's edition.
"I did last year for Dylan Larkin camp and I really liked it. Dylan Larkin holds the fastest record in skating so I can't believe I'm skating with him. It's very cool that I get to skate with an All-Star."
Larkin said the kids always want to know how he made the U.S. National Team Development Program, how he got a scholarship to play at Michigan and how he made it to the NHL at such a young age.
"It really came down to work ethic," Larkin said. "These kids have a lot of distractions and school is the most important part but you got to be willing to shoot extra pucks at home and when the ponds are frozen, you want to be out there for a couple hours or as long as you want. I really preach it because it can't come from anyone else, it just has to come from the kid himself and that's when you get something special.
The prime minister insisted that families would not be worse off. “If you take a family where someone is on the minimum wage, when you take into account all the things we are changing in tax, in the national living wage and tax credits – that family will be better of, not least because you’ve got the national living wage, and we are cutting tax so you can earn £11,000 before you start paying any tax at all.”
Cameron said of the Field proposal: “I always look at everything. But we have had the vote in parliament on tax credits. And people do respect this argument that the national living wage, a 50p increase next year, so a £20 a week pay rise, rising to £9 by the end of this parliament – that is a very significant change that really helps to make work pay rather than a tax credit system that recycles money back to people. Obviously, I accept we are making changes to tax credits. We are protecting the lowest-paid people with the child tax credit and what goes with it. But we are moving to an economy where you get paid more and where you pay less in tax, rather than paying more in tax and getting the money back in tax credits.”
A VPN not only masks the IP address of the internet user, but also makes you anonymous online, thus facilitating you to download torrents anonymously in Australia. To get the best torrenting experience, Sign up for Ivacy, the best VPN service for Australia now.
“They told me that I could have pain in my arm for a week and that I had to wait 15 minutes before leaving the Cancer League, because some girls fainted and the next week was going to be uncomfortable, but that it was normal because of the vaccine… I received the second dose and the second dose hurt a little more … the next few months I began to experience fatigue and back pain, but I thought it was because of my daily activities … I had pain in the lower back and neck … I received the third dose on 20 January of this year and the pain was much greater than in the previous two doses … I began to experience several things … immediately after being vaccinated I began to experience dizziness, I wanted to throw up, obviously my arm really hurt … they warned me about the dizziness, and the urge to vomit and the arm pain and that the next day my arm was also going to hurt, but the following week I had fever, vomiting, diarrhea, extremely strong migraines that lasted 15 days with vomiting, and diarrhea…, I went to the doctor and was told that that there was a virus going around… one night I sat on the couch in my house and then I lay down; I started feeling really bad, very feverish, until I realized that I could not get up from the couch “…
María Paula’s symptoms seem to get worse with each passing day. For the moment, the only hope she has of improving is going to the U.S. to receive treatment.
“So, you’re hoping that your fast bowlers will get a bit of purchase on this surface and you’ll get a couple of early wickets?"
“I definitely think so if they can put the ball in the right place the way they’ve bowled…we’ll definitely get some purchase".
However, there are various nuances across the batting order. In general, the effectiveness of an ODI batsman is determined by factors such as how fast one can score his runs (strike rate), his ability to not get dismissed (not out %), and his propensity to score a big number of runs. Like the last time, here too, we will be examining the trends of these factors before moving on to take a look at the top batsmen who were proficient in the first ODI innings.
"...That we get to the facts, that we get to the bottom of it," he said.
For kids living in a shelter, Bobbitt explained, the holidays can be especially hard. They may not have a Christmas tree or get to share a special meal with their extended family. But at least they would have a present to open.
Once in a while, she appears on television to talk about her notorious case. She has made a shrewd calculation: The host may tell jokes at her expense, but she’ll get the chance to raise awareness about domestic violence. It’s a sacrifice she is willing to make.
Writing a cabal file forces you to document what modules and what versions your script worked with when you were originally writing it. If you ever decide you want to run or build your script on another environment, the cabal file will make it dramatically easier to get your dependencies and get running faster. If you ever update your modules, the cabal file will partially insulate you against API changes (assuming that the package follows Hackage's PVP). This is far more palatable than GHC's package-qualified imports. You might have cringed about writing up a Makefile or ant file to build your projects in another language; as long as it is just one or two files, the pain associated with these build languages seems to outweight the cost of just running gcc foo.c -o foo . Cabal files are drop-dead easy to write. There even is a cabal init to do the scaffolding for you. Toss out the dinky shell script that you've kept to run ghc --make and use cabal configure && cabal build . It gives you nice things, for free! Do you want Haddock documentation? A traditional GNU-style Makefile? Colourised code? Cabal can do all of these things for you, with minimal effort after you have your cabal file.
Polly Mackenzie, the former advisor to Nick Clegg, expressed her doubts about Boris Johnson’s popularity. The Foreign Secretary has been at the centre of a series of gaffes and controversies since his appointment to Cabinet. He was accused of undermining Theresa May’s authority by releasing an article in The Telegraph before the Prime Minister’s all-important Florence Speech in which he set out his own vision for Brexit. Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark asked if Theresa May would like to get rid of Boris Johnson if she could, whether she can contain him more inside than out of Cabinet, and if he is still revered by Party members.
The political editor for The Sun, Tom Newton Dunn, said: “I don’t think this is going to get Boris. And I will happily put my hat on the table and eat it when it’s made of marzipan at some later stage. “He screwed up, no doubt about it he made things worse. But it is still the Iranians who are doing this. “The Iranians are hooding three-year-old children when they go meet their mother, who’s also hooded. And I think as time elapses people will realise they are using his idiocy to make matters worse for their own pretty despicable ends.”
They all look so cute here. We don’t think we’ve ever seen the cast all look that good at the same time. There’s usually one or two total WTFs, when you’ve got Hendricks, Jones, and Moss to contend with. God bless them all, but they’ve each had a somewhat contentious relationship with the red carpet.
My ideas about soccer are attacking minded views, that [involve] a dynamic team that can get forward very quickly - that can move the ball quickly. I believe in a possession-based game and I would say that the defensive side of it has to do with organization. I want to organize defensively. I wouldn't necessarily make that link though to the team being defensive minded. My ideas about soccer are very offensive and I want the team to play nice and attack the football.
I’ve been reading a book titled Drive. Its goal is to discuss what motivates us, yet it is one of those books that isn’t particularly well written or entertaining. But alas, it is a book that gets you thinking in a more concrete fashion about things you have always known. It reminds me of a college book—not interesting enough to make it really enjoyable, but meaningful enough that you keep going back to it until you finally finish.
The book basically boils motivation down to three essential ingredients: autonomy, mastery and purpose. Or in an even simpler form, what gets you up in the morning or keeps you up at night?
The concepts in this book seem almost intuitive at a personal or business level, if not always easy to implement. But it also got me to thinking about these concepts from an industry perspective. Our industry is an endless story of passionate, hard-working people and businesses striving to build a legacy. But from an industry perspective, we morph into metrics like profitability, beef demand, or market share.
As I get older, however, I’m starting to realize that the problem is dwarfed by our segmented business model. Everyone does a great job, but unlike other businesses there is no clear individual responsibility for meeting and building the demands of consumers or addressing competitive concerns. The result is a mad race for efficiency and grabbing market share, not from an overall market perspective but from a narrowly focused segment mentality.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
Watch Commander Dakin added: “Taking the microwave apart was tricky, because a lot of it was welded. We video-called our Technical Rescue colleagues for advice and eventually managed to get him unstuck.
Of the four major social media websites (Digg, StumbleUpon, reddit, and del.icio.us), I’ve done pretty well on three of them. The final frontier for me was Digg. If you read about how to get attention from these websites, you’ll see people saying you have to create an account, vote up and comment on articles that other users submit, add everyone who votes up your content to your friends list, and so on.
But my goal with 30 sleeps is to write content that changes people’s lives, not to be a social media power user. To increase my presence on Digg, I asked myself “What’s the simplest way to get on the Digg front page?” I came up with the following algorithm:
I did this only a few days ago. The results were amazing. My article on information addiction got submitted and was dugg 135 times. That wasn’t quite enough to push it to the front page, but the article got far more attention than anything I’d tried before. (By the way, if you have a Digg account and liked that article, your votes would be greatly appreciated.)
"It's obviously terrible what's happening but at the same time, it feels good to be part of a wider female community that is finally standing up for itself. I've never felt such a strong sense of community. So it's brought us together. The catalyst for this is regrettable, obviously, it's shitty. But at the same time I think that you need something to stir things up in order to get people to come together and define their opinions and force them to be heard."
How did we get here? The popularity of Bernie Sanders, whose 2016 presidential campaign was marked by an altruistic spirit and a consistent value system, is of course not the cause of this movement in public opinion but rather an indicator of it. Many Americans have forgotten the lessons of the Cold War and the disasters witnessed in the crumbling economies and failed polities of Communist and socialist countries in the 1990s. Communism was on its last leg, it appeared, and its little brother socialism was not far behind.
For the New Yorker who can't get enough books
At age ten, he collided with a streetcar–Head Injury City–and, when you add that catastrophic a head injury to a congenitally syphlitic brain, you get ding ding ding! unconscious for six days! SIX.
“I think let’s just get the race going again and let everybody race it out, rather than everybody’s focussing on what they’re doing coming out of the last corner.
Now we await a potential sketch encore, as Brady & Co. will be back in court on Aug. 19. Rosenberg would be wise to call in sick, lest she get engulfed by #deflategatetwitter once again.
Used earth undercoat to paint the rest of the base. This took several layer to get the look I wanted.
In the wake of the 2008 Wall Street meltdown, many Americans — including in Washington — expected that the Securities and Exchange Commission would get to the bottom of how things happened, and make sure no such crisis happened again.
Louise Story, investigative reporter for The New York Times, said when the SEC settles a case with a large bank, they reach lengthy agreements spelling out what they did and what punishments they'll face. Most often, Story said, the banks push hard to get out of the specified punishments.
General Electric, for example, was subjected to the sort of punishments that the investment banks don't get, Story said. Citi Group, though, in 2010 settled an investigation into its mortgage securities did not get an exemption protecting them from shareholder lawsuits.
Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)
You may have heard of The Martian VR Experience before. Developed at 20th Century Fox’s Fox Innovation Lab along with RSA Films and The Virtual Reality Company, the cinematic piece has been shown at a handful of events throughout the year but, tomorrow, you’ll get to experience it at home on both the HTC Vive and PlayStation VR.
"To us, 18 to 48 you can get the same player," said yet another decision maker.
‘Both the Bulls and the Cheetahs have adopted this playing style of using the width of the field and playing off their halfbacks. But you still have to commit. If you just catch and pass the whole time, then the defence just shifts with the ball. You have to actually run at a defender and time your pass so that you fix the defender to stop him from going across. What was interesting is the Cheetahs’ philosophy to move the ball around until they could get their kicker into a good position to clear for touch.
‘One of the key things we have to mention about this Cheetahs team is that Uzair Cassiem has been passing before taking contact and it’s so nice to see. He is a big, physical flank who takes the ball up a lot with pick and go's. But in the lead-up to the Cheetahs’ first try, he gets out to the wing and pops a lovely pass inside to Paul Schoeman before contact and allows them to get forward momentum. And Cassiem also threw that exquisite pass for one of Oupa Mohoje’s tries. I thought the Cheetahs were disrupted by Cassiem going off at half-time because of a knee injury.
‘We mentioned last week that the Cheetahs made a number of handling errors which cost them the game against the Lions. This weekend, their decision-making of when to pass and when not to pass were far better. The Bulls don’t have such a heavy pack and the Cheetahs moved the ball to different areas of the field that made it difficult for the Bulls to defend. If you run straight at a Bulls player, he will tackle you, but the Cheetahs were running good angles and passing just prior to making contact. The breakdown was always beyond the advantage line so every Bulls player had to retreat backwards to get in position as opposed to running forward with an offensive hit. And that is credit to Franco Smith’s attacking play that he brought into the Cheetahs set-up.
‘We’re focusing a bit too much on Pollard. We ought to focus on the Bulls pack. In both their games to date, the pack only got into the game in the last 20 minutes. For 60 minutes the backline didn’t really get much ball and Pollard was substituted after 60. I don’t care if you put Dan Carter behind a pack going back like that, he is not going to look like a good player. That’s where the Bulls problem lies and that’s what needs to be solved. The Bulls lost four lineouts against a Cheetahs team that we thought was supposed to be weak in the lineouts.
‘We can’t keep on saying it’s because they have pack of forwards. The Bulls need a prop, a fetcher and they are missing a creative loose forward. They have bashers in the loose trio as opposed to someone who can make the little passes, a linking player like Cassiem and Michael Hooper, and like Rob Louw was in the past. If the pack manages to get at least a tighthead prop so that they can win their own ball without collapsing and giving a penalty away, when we can start talking about the play of Rudy Paige and Pollard and compare them in a fair way. They can blame a bad start all they want, but it’s actually a lack of first-phase ball that is causing them all this trouble. Against the Stormers it was the scrums and against the Cheetahs it was the scrums and the lineouts.’
‘And it was interesting to see when Warrick Gelant came on, that the wingers Jamba Ulengo and Travis Ismaiel were far more prominent for the Bulls than prior to that. My feeling is that Jesse Kriel doesn’t get the best out of the wingers. To give Kriel credit, they didn’t have much possession. But even so Jesse and the two big centres that the Bulls utilise are not creative enough to create space for the outside backs. I thought they looked really good in the last 15 minutes with Gelant on the field, but it was too little too late.’
‘From a Stormers point of view there were a lot of defensive weaknesses. There was a lot of physicality in that Jaguares side and the Stormers didn’t tackle them backwards, which allowed the visitors to get front-foot ball, especially later on in the game. The Stormers got both first-half tries with little kicks, one well-constructed but the other one fortunate because it came off the heel of Jano Vermaak. They have to learn to be better with offensive kicking. Offensive kicking is the secret against really strong defence.
‘The Stormers have a good offloading game, but 24 handling errors are just too many for a team wanting to get into the Super Rugby playoffs and to compete with New Zealand teams.
They must contend with loud talkers and other inescapable distractions, as well as co-workers who barge in unexpectedly. And you know what happens when one person gets sick. Not to mention the average person spends almost an hour each day driving to and from their cube. That translates into plenty of frustration and lost productivity.
Remote work is a great option for anyone who has a family or simply wishes to get the most out of life. Many of our team members have children. Others want to travel and work from different places in the country. They are able to accomplish their work and be more available for what is most important to their lives.
During the interview, Remy didn't hold back when she was talking about why she ethered Nicki not once, but twice. She admitted that she didn't care about the subliminal shots Nicki took of her on songs. It was actually the "behind the scenes things that you people will never know about." Remy said: "As far as trying to keep me off of red carpets, trying to make sure awards don't go to me or she's not going to be in attendance, trying to get people to make bad reports about my album sales-- just anything that I'm doing to make me look less and make her look better."
Big Chief Monk Boudreaux & the Golden Eagles Mardi Gras Indians, 4/30, J&H, 5:55p: Boudreaux, who performed for many years alongside Big Chief Bo Dollis in the Wild Magnolias, is one of the most prominent Indian performers and a soulful vocalist. The Golden Eagles’ reggae-heavy performances often get into heady, near-psychedelic territory.
Leon Bridges, 4/28, GEN, 3:10p: Leon Bridges’ brings ’50s and early ’60s-style soul and R&B to a younger audience with his captivating voice and confident stage presence. It doesn’t hurt that his mother’s hometown of New Orleans gets plenty of shout outs on his debut album, Coming Home.
New Orleans Classic R&B Revue feat. Clarence “Frogman” Henry, Al “Carnival Time” Johnson, and Robert Parker with the Bobby Cure Band, 5/7, GEN, 11:20a: A few years ago OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Awards featured an R&B revue with Al “Carnival Time” Johnson, Robert Parker and many others. Although Robert Parker looked frail, he was amazing when he got on stage and sang his hit “Barefootin’.”
Pastor Tyrone Jefferson, 4/28, GOS, 12:05p: This New Orleans native is the Senior Pastor of the Abundant Life Tabernacle Full Gospel Baptist Church and the CEO of Abundant Life Ministries. His extensive work serving the community has included efforts to improve voting rates, feed the hungry and get more young people enrolled in college.
Pocket Aces Brass Band, 4/28, J&H, 5:45p: This Bridge City brass-hop band began as a few friends who got together for an annual Mardi Gras jam before expanding to a full-time touring outfit.
Visitors to Japan can get their hands on Chef Takagi's current range from under KitKat chandeliers (yes, really) at the Chocolatory concessions. Gift boxes in limited-edition flavors are on sale at major train stations and airports.
If you don’t live within an hour of the Village of Lake Placid in the Adirondack North Country, then you’d better hurry up and get in your car or on your bike. Now. This haste is required if you want to catch the free Rusted Root concert scheduled for 7:00 p.m. tonight on Mirror Lake in Lake Placid.
Mea Maxima Culpa also wags a condemning finger at Pope Benedict XVI, who in his previous capacity as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, would have seen reams of complaints about predator priests pass by his desk. Just how much the church knew is not in doubt for Gibney, who sprinkles in details of how the church quietly worked to combat the problem they had been dealing with for decades, including sending priests to a little-known monastery in New Mexico run by the Servants of the Paraclete, where they supposedly were treated for their sexual deviance before being reassigned to new parishes. And then there is a tale about the Vatican’s down payment to buy a Caribbean Island to house errant clergy—a plan scuttled after the media got wind of it. Insightful narrative from well-known Vatican followers in Rome and religious writers and lawyers in America fill in the gaps, providing analogies and observations about how the church does its business and how, for instance, church handlers had to teach cardinals to mention the victims first when talking about the known crimes, not to talk only about the priests.
GLENDALE – Our team has been on a long break since our last game so we’re all ready for Thursday’s game against Colorado to get here. We had a rough schedule in October with so many back-to-back games and a lot of flying, so it’s been nice to be home in Arizona for a week or so. Obviously, we lost the Vancouver game last Friday, so we want to get back to business and back to our winning ways right away.
I think we came out of the gate well this season. Everybody played fast and strong in the first 11 games. We’ve just got to keep that up and play even better moving forward.
As for me, some people are saying I struggled the first five games or so and that’s true. But I hadn’t played an NHL game in almost 10 months so I was expecting to struggle a little bit at the beginning of the season. That comes with not playing for so long. The first couple of games weren’t easy for me and I had to find my way again. But lately I feel I’ve made some progress and I’m starting to find my confidence again. I’m excited to get back into the games.
Clinton’s campaign plainly views the contrast as critical to its strategy for the remainder of the race, including the highly anticipated first debate with Trump Monday. Clinton has said often that she can handle the personal insults from him — but that what gets her piqued are attacks on groups that Trump has appeared to bully.
Game Description: The GWENT Starter Pack is a limited, one-time only offer and a great way to reinforce your card collection with additional units, spells, and heroes, including a guaranteed Legendary card! Whether you’re new to The Witcher Card Game or a seasoned player, you’ll get a total of 51 cards of various rarity, plus crafting resources for creating premium animated versions of cards.
But the problem is, in case we want to automate this process to, for example, send every new file to VirusTotal, how could we get notified when a file is created? We have a few options:
This is just the beginning of course. We'd need to intercept network requests configuring a proxy in Docker settings, get the logs from the container and perform some analysis on it and any more ideas to analyze container activity without placing agents or anything inside of it. This way the difference between a non-honeypot and a honeypot/malware sandbox will become less and less apparent.
Having conversations about history, politics, sectarian identity and, really anything, to do with current events can lead to many security complications for a curious wanderer in Asad-ruled Syria. I was hesitant but the old fellow wanted to get a lot off his chest. I also felt somewhat safe since he seemed to believe that President Hafez al-Asad, who had died seven years prior to our encounter, was still alive and well. This old man would be an unlikely informant for the secret police, I thought. His most memorable line was “those who hated your grandfather are unlikely to be kind to you. I am an Alawite and I spit on anyone who has the slightest problem with that.” His gripe with the Sunnis extended from what he had seen during their uprising in the early 1980s, when “they killed the flower of the Alawite community” to hundreds of years back when they hounded his ancestors out of the cities and plains of Syria into their mountain redoubts. He also drew a line from the past into the future: “If they come at us again, President Hafez will smash them again. And in the worst case scenario, if we lose the rest of Syria, then we will fight them on this mountain, and go our separate ways, as we did before.” This was said to me in the summer of 2007. The stirrings of the Syrian civil war were still five years away. The old man was short on short-term memory, but history gave him the long view into the past, and into the future. A view that was at once cautionary about what to expect, and instructive as to what should be done.
In projecting historical drama, the jihadists know their audience. Actually, it is not that difficult to figure out what they are working with, and how they are purposely manipulating it. I know it by my own example: when I leaf through stodgy, scholarly books on early Islam, I catch myself visualizing what I am reading as scenes from a particular movie, The Message (1976). My mental image of what the buildings looked like, the colors, how people dressed, the background noises, and even the haircuts that early Muslims sported derive from it. Growing up in the Middle East, I must have seen this movie some twenty times, for the simple fact that it would reliably get aired at every Islamic occasion dotting the calendar, whether it be Eid, or Ramadhan, or Muhammad’s birthday. It was an epic and compelling production: a Syrian director, Libyan money, two separate versions in Arabic and in English, with the later starring Anthony Quinn and Irene Papas. The score was exhilarating—its composer Maurice Jarre was nominated for an Academy Award but lost to Star Wars that year. The grand tales of early Islam that we had to read in schoolbooks came vividly alive on the screen. Eyes would widen as the warrior hero Hamza, Muhammad’s uncle, stole every scene. The movie had a big impact across Muslim lands and beyond: it was cited as one of the grievances behind the first act of Islamic terror in Washington DC, when a Nation of Islam off-shoot occupied three buildings in the capital in 1977, leaving two dead. They deemed the movie sacrilegious and were incensed that it was due to premiere on U.S. soil. Salafists were never enthusiastic about it, sensing that it portrayed early Islam in a manner that was sympathetic to the Shia version of history. They also have other issues to nitpick; one Salafist told me years ago that depicting the early Muslims as the movie did in all white garb is illogical since they would not have self-identified by their dress color, for example. Chillingly, the Syrian director was killed in November 2005 from injuries sustained after a suicide bomber, dispatched by Zarqawi’s organization, had detonated his explosive vest in the lobby of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman.
Shi’ism, at heart, is a movement of restitution. Throughout the ages the Shias have justified their cause by citing what they perceive to be Sunni persecution of Muhammed’s dynasty, one whose claim to power was usurped, principally by the first three caliphs. They can cite one incident after another, stretching back 1,400 years, of how the prophet’s family had been wronged. The seminal event occurred in Karbala, on the day of Ashura, in 680 AD. Muhammad’s grandson, Hussein, was massacred along with most of his family. The battle is re-enacted every year among Shia communities, in all its gore and drama, so much so that those portraying the bad guys may get assaulted and chased down through the streets by incensed mobs. History is ever-present, or as one Shia thinker coined it, “Every land is Karbala, every day is Ashura.” The fabric of time collapses and folds unto itself as the past is intensely remembered while the future draws nearer with the eschatological expectation of the savior, the Mahdi, descended as he is from Hussein’s loin, who shall right all wrongs. But should his arrival be delayed, Shi’ism can rapidly mobilize for the purpose of revanchism, striking back at the wrong-doers. We are witnessing such as an outbreak now, one that some Shia strategists in Tehran would like to see reshaping the Middle East. I have termed it ‘Shia chauvinism’ whose endgame would be to partition off Shia majority cantons around the Middle East, because Shias cannot go on living with Sunnis in unitary countries. There was too much bad blood, too much history, between the two sects.
By enveloping themselves in the cloak of history, the extremists from both sides can radiate an aura of certainty. This certitude will make it very difficult to convince them of the need for reconciliation, both with the past and with the present. It also means that it will be very difficult to convince them that they are losing, or have lost. By citing precedent and conspiracy, they can explain away setbacks. They can tell themselves that they got the recipe wrong somewhere, and all they need to do it to go back to the basics to try and try again until it gets going. The stench of past glories, the musky manuscripts that speak of ancestral feats, the decay of once-glorious cities, excite their senses. It is excessively hard to let go of the legacy of greatness. Its loss gnaws at them. It haunts them. They will keep trying. As far as the jihadists are concerned, they were left for dead in 2009. They were thought to be a spent force, its remnants living out a precarious existence in the deserts of Iraq. Then they came back. They made no excuses for the doctrinal overreach of declaring the Islamic State in 2006 that had turned so many other jihadist and Salafist groups against them. They felt they were right all along, and that their temporary setbacks mirrored ones that Muhammad had experienced himself. Not only did they make no excuses, but this time around they called a spade a spade: “Yes, world, this is the caliphate resurrected” they proclaimed. Their righteousness and certainty was foretold by precedence. History is their refuge, their sanctuary. They stand on firm ground. And if that terrain goes unchallenged, they will keep coming back. But it is not all doom and gloom: It just so happens that challenging them on the received facts of history is easier than what many may imagine.
Brazile unironically claimed that she believed from the get go that the DNC cheated for Hillary (this is hilarious considering Brazile was fired for the same thing), but claims she was working for Bernie to uncover the corruption now.
<blockquote>”I had promised Bernie when I took the helm of the Democratic National Committee after the convention that I would get to the bottom of whether Hillary Clinton’s team had rigged the nomination process, as a cache of emails stolen by Russian hackers and posted online had suggested. I’d had my suspicions from the moment I walked in the door of the DNC a month or so earlier, based on the leaked emails. But who knew if some of them might have been forged? I needed to have solid proof, and so did Bernie.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>“Wait,” I said. “That victory fund was supposed to be for whoever was the nominee, and the state party races. You’re telling me that Hillary has been controlling it since before she got the nomination?”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”When we hung up, I was livid. Not at Gary, but at this mess I had inherited. I knew that Debbie had outsourced a lot of the management of the party and had not been the greatest at fundraising. I would not be that kind of chair, even if I was only an interim chair. Did they think I would just be a surrogate for them, get on the road and rouse up the crowds? I was going to manage this party the best I could and try to make it better, even if Brooklyn did not like this. It would be weeks before I would fully understand the financial shenanigans that were keeping the party on life support.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”When I got back from a vacation in Martha’s Vineyard, I at last found the document that described it all: the Joint Fund-Raising Agreement between the DNC, the Hillary Victory Fund, and Hillary for America.”</blockquote>
"The partisan way she’s framed the issue -- by blaming Republicans for all the voting problems -- makes it less likely these changes will actually be implemented should she be elected president," Rick Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, wrote Monday at Slate, calling for Clinton to abandon the idea as a campaign talking point. "Instead, she’s offering red meat to her supporters while alienating the allies she would need to get any reforms enacted... That message will likely alienate moderate Republicans who could be her natural partners for reforms in the future."
Beer and wine are available, and get this: guests will have access to the bakery in the morning before the World Showcase opens for a morning pastry and, if desired, a mimosa.
Two blow torches are used to get the crispy burnt crust on the creme brulee.
St. Catherine is one of only about 10 sites in Virginia that offers “evenings of recollection.” These are monthly, hour-and-a-half long talks by lay people and priests belonging to Opus Dei. They are segregated by sex—St. Catherine men who attend these do so at the Reston Study Center, one town over, while women attend them at St. Catherine. Brian Finnerty, a spokesperson for Opus Dei’s national office, said that men and women are separated because an evening of recollection is “intended as a prayer time, rather than as a social time, and this gets people away from possible distractions.” He added that it also allows priests and lay speakers to tailor their messages. “For men, we could offer advice like, when you get home from work and your wife asks, ‘How was your day?’ saying ‘Fine’ as you look up from the newspaper is not an adequate response. Things like that.”
On the product side, we dive deep into how to kill features and why this is important for any aspiring creator of a great product. (Spoiler alert: those embrace simplicity.) We also talk about the “cigarettes” of the B2C web industry, and what it takes to get ‘lean startup’ as a concept going in an enterprise.
DR. DAVID AGUS, USC PROFESSOR OF MEDICINE: Well, the world is flat – is that, you know, right now, anybody can get on a plane, and end up anywhere in this country and spread these viruses. And we have to be aware of it. We don't know exactly why there was a dramatic spread this year, but something is happening now. We have multiple viruses. And together with global climate change, things are changing in the virus world, and we have to pay attention.
"They wanted to get a feel for how I would represent the team. Obviously as a quarterback, you're going to be the face of an organization, so it was important to them to see how I would react to different questions. That was the most unique thing I've done (at a visit)," Prescott said. It wasn't so much a test of Prescott's postgame demeanor; the mock setting had more of a post-draft feel, as if Prescott was speaking to reporters for the first time after being selected by Philadelphia
“I’m for compassionate care but am also concerned about the over saturation of them,” Tate said. “These buildings, they have now just started popping up everywhere and because the state law is not clear on if they’re allowed or not, we take these businesses to court and they just get tied up and they just stay there. We have not won not one case, nothing has been shut down and that’s the reason why. Most of these businesses don’t have a permit, they have no licensing.”
“We’ve got a lot of complaints about it but some of that is emotional because they just don’t like the issue. The other part of it is people are not educated on it,” he said. “It’s not about being against it. It’s about making sure that we’re able to regulate it in a way that ensures the best quality of life for the residents who live in that area.”
“We’re trying to get state law clarified to allow us to provide the tools necessary for our law enforcement to go in and regulate those businesses,” he said. “But it’s a lot bigger than just Detroit and we’re going to need some support from around the state.”
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
The lowest career yards per game average by a player after recording at least 800 receiving yards in a year? That mark is held by Kevin Walter (2007 Texans, 16.7), but Barnidge will almost certainly break that. At 900, the record holder is Clifton McNeil (1968 49ers, 22.1), and at 1,000, it’s Wallace Francis (1979 Falcons, 23.9). Remember: if Barnidge gets 1,000 yards in 16 games, his career average will be just 14.8 yards per game!
I opened up the box and inside was a familiar grey 'Magnum Essential Equipment' box. By this stage I was pretty excited. Seeing the Magnum box, I was ecstatic. I opened up that box and WOW, HOLY SHIT!. Santa Rebecca had gifted me a pair of Magnum Men's Elite Spider 8.0 Boots. I had a pair of these on my wishlist (my dream list as I call it) and had mentioned them in my Cozy Toes bio. Never did I imagine I would actually get a pair.
Husband-and-wife team Ned and Jodi Elliott opened Foreign & Domestic in the North Loop neighborhood on May 20 of 2010. Last week, we talked to Ned about how Foreign & Domestic got to be where it is today; today, he talks about why they chose North Austin over South, food bloggers, and what's next for the Elliotts (a second restaurant!).
Sometimes somebody will sit at a table for too long and I want to go tell them they're not going to pay for my daughter's education. You only spent $20 dude! Please, we're too small, we've got to get somebody else in. But at the same time I love that, I love that people come in feel comfortable.
But we're not in that generalized area of Austin that gets that I'm in college, I could be 20 or I could be 27, I'm still sort of living that lifestyle. We're out on the peripheral of that, but we have a whole cross section of guests. Our diners that come in represent Austin as a whole.
That's one thing we've seen since we've been in Austin, because we have an open kitchen. Just go out and eat and enjoy yourself! Some people are just going out to dinner and taking pictures of it just to post on Facebook? Come on! Just have fun with it! You wouldn't go into your dentist's office and do that! We get that all the time, people like 'Hey, I would do this if I were you!' You know what? I'm going to show up to your work early, complain that you didn't take me into your office early, and then tell you that I think your office should be rearranged.
You lose your job in New York, it takes a little while to get a new job. You're screwed. Especially in restaurants. Okay, you lose a job in the middle of the month, you're not going to get a job till the next month. It's going to take a week or two, you're not going to be getting that paycheck, you're going to get evicted. So you know that paycheck is so important and I was always the first one in the kitchen.
We busted our asses for so long for so many other people, and thank you, Thomas Keller, here's the middle finger. I didn't get shit out of it. I got some knowledge. At the end of the day he's an awesome dude, but you just see people get used and abused and ripped off in large, big name restaurant. Everybody's expendable. The door goes both ways, you come in and you can walk right out.
How would you categorize your food? You get a lot of attention for working with offal.
What we're doing is sort of a mix: we try to get as local as possible, but at the same time we want to be a neighborhood restaurant. We didn't want to be a local sustainable restaurants. One of the taglines everyone talks about is that they're nose to tail. That's bullshit. If they were nose to tail, then it would be like hey, we have lamb. And so all the meat on the menu is lamb. And that would be nose to tail, rather than what we do.
For us, it's like if we ever do anything else, it's staying true to this. We don't want anybody to ever walk in — people walk in all the time and say "This is an awesome space!" I agree it's an awesome space, but you should be focusing on the food. For us that's the major point of the restaurant. Not that it's food, it's more like come in and have a good time. You can come in on a Tuesday night and get the crab lasagna and a glass of wine and be out of here for $26. Or you can come in on a Friday on a date with another couple and eat through 80% of the menu and have a whole bunch of different tastes and textures and thoughts and stuff. But it's still just have fun.
It can take a long time to attain statistically significant results for experiments. We want to know with high confidence that one version of the site is better than another. Depending on user traffic it can take days, or even weeks, to run a single iteration. These experiments are also expensive; by showing a suboptimal version of your site, you are sacrificing potential revenue. There is also an opportunity cost associated with creating, developing, and running any particular experiment. So the fewer experiment iterations to get to the optimum, the better.
Instead of naively allocating traffic in some uniform way (like a 50/50 split) we can use the information about how an individual cohort is performing to dynamically and optimally allocate the best percentage of traffic to it. This is fundamentally a tradeoff between exploration and exploitation. Exploration is equivalent to gaining more knowledge about the system by continuing to allocate traffic to a wide variety of points. Exploitation on the other hand, is using the knowledge we have already gained to get the most expected return out of the system as we currently understand it. Others have shown that using Multi-Armed Bandits can achieve better results, faster, in online A/B tests.
"(We have) not really had any discussion with anybody, but that doesn’t mean to say we won’t." "But I think it’s highly unlikely that even if we did trade out that would we get the value that we did the first time around."
"This draft is unique in that I think you’re going to get players in the middle part of the third round that potentially could start, and start very early for you," Fisher said. "It really depends on the positions, but there will be a lot of teams excited about who they have acquired in the first couple rounds because it’s such a deep draft."
IBM, to IBMers, always stood for “I’ve Been Moved,” a reference to the way Big Blue moved employees around the country and around the globe to get experience as they worked their way up the ranks.
To get there the company spelled out five “Key Drivers” of the Roadmap: revenue growth, margin expansion, share repurchases, acquisitions and retirement-related savings. To get there the company spelled out five “Key Drivers” of the Roadmap: revenue growth, margin expansion, share repurchases, acquisitions and retirement-related savings.
And certainly IBM got there: in the 2010 annual report, IBM could proudly state that EPS had come in at $11.52—above the high end of the “Roadmap” range.
How it got there, though, was way more complicated. How it got there, though, wasmore complicated.
And that kind of high cost IT infrastructure business is yesterday’s glory. (Just ask Avon Products, which we will get to in a bit.)
A fter reading year after year about how many billions of dollars of IBM stock were purchased by IBM using the hard-earned dollars of those customers ($14 billion in 2013, and $140 billion since 2000), you think that those customers, who weren’t thanked by IBM in that letter or on its earnings calls , don’t wonder how Amazon—purveyor of the very kind of cloud offering that is allowing companies young and old to get online without all that expensive, high margin stuff IBM pushes—speaks to its shareholders?
Of course, just as there are dangers in analysts leaning too much on management for direction, there are dangers in managements leaning too much on analysts for direction—like when IBM listened to everyone telling them to get rid of that dopey old disk drive business. Of course, just as there are dangers in analysts leaning too much on management for direction, there are dangers in managements leaning too much on analysts for direction—like when IBM listened to everyone telling them to get rid of that dopey old disk drive business.
Rowling also talked of her lead character, Cormoran Strike, whose first name is the Cornish for giant, and whose surname, she revealed, she came across by accident, the surname of the author of a book on Cornwall she happened across, immediately recognising it as right. One of the reasons she had made her lead character a war veteran with an amputated leg was that the reality of living with a disability was something close to her heart, she said. "My mother lived with multiple sclerosis, and was latterly disabled - in a wheelchair - and that's day in, day out. We see a vast number of people returning to this country [from war] with disabilities - although the paralympics are marvellous, there is another side. Once you get off the podium you are still dealing with it. It's a pain in the arse. I certainly remember from my mother's experience that when a lift breaks down, for you it's an inconvenience, for someone with a disability... [it's much more]."
On the subject of why she had chosen a pseudonymn and first published The Cuckoo's Calling with no clue as to her true identity, Rowling said: "I wanted to prove to myself I could get a book published on the merits of the book. A friend said, 'Why do you need that validation?' You probably have to be a writer to understand it... I wanted something that was just for me. While it lasted it was a lot of fun." She revealed that she was "jumping up and squeaking for joy" when McDermid's very favourable review of the book was published, and that she even wrote a thank-you letter to McDermid in the persona of Robert Galbraith.
There was one line I filmed in Orange County where I focused my board. I never do that either. I just got really angry and let myself snap. Afterwards I looked down at my broken board and thought, "I really wish I hadn't done that." I wanted to carry on filming but I had sealed my own fate.
Was there anything you wanted to get for this part that you couldn't?
I forgot it in a taxi. My passport is my prized possession and losing it is a big deal. I had to go to the English embassy in Los Angeles to get a temporary passport for about $200. Fly to the U.K. and get my real passport for another $200. Then go to the American embassy in England to get my visa. It was terrible.
Portrait of the skater as a young artist. Benny gets in tune with his inner hippie. Daniel Shimizu
It was. Now I keep my passport in a safe. I can only take it out when I am about to get on an airplane [laughs].
Lazy Girls, as you might imagine, need a lot of instruction to get through life. Just consider the average woman: lolloping around like a friendly dog, with food and coffee stains on her rumpled clothes, hair matted in a pile, not even a little dismayed that her eyeliner is wiggled. She eats whatever, and doesn’t exercise either; she’s content to forego fitness crazes because how could she be any more comfortable with who she is? If she weren’t so tragic in her ignorance — so lazy — you’d think she was standing astride the self-care industry and society’s standards for women, arms akimbo, laughing.
I used to click on every single Lazy Girl article I came across, and I get a lot of lifestyle newsletters. I would never seek this stuff out, but if it appeared in front of me, it was like candy. And this sort of puzzled me because I am not lazy: If anything, I care too much about everything, especially whether I’m doing any given thing the right and best way. Just now I sealed the end of my planner’s bookmark ribbon with nail polish so it would stop fraying. I don’t have everything figured out, by a long shot, but what I have scraped together is the result of trying what at least feels like very, very hard, all of the time. Being together and groomed and presentable in addition to general operation as a human is tiring.
In an article titled “7 Lazy Girl Beauty Hacks,” the author points out that toilet-seat covers can be used to blot oil from one’s face, if one takes the time to trim them into “small squares.” In another Lazy Girl’s guide to better skin, the very first tip is to apply SkinCeuticals Phloretin CF, a serum that costs well over $100 per bottle. This one, on “holiday beauty hacks,” holds it together for three list items before suggesting in the fourth that you simply apply eyeliner not once, but twice, in the same perfect straight line. This one tells you that you can pull off pajamas as formalwear if you can simply have the taste and fashion sense of an impeccable stylist. (There is also the occasional attempt at Lazy Girl identity content, which would seem to get the meme’s appeal backward by correctly identifying and listing a bunch of actual lazy behaviors.)
The 2012 film Premium Rush uses a "fixie" as a running plot device. Wilee, the lead character played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, works as a bike messenger in Manhattan, and his fellow riders rib him about his enthusiasm for his fixed-gear steel-frame bike with no brakes. He avoids one confrontation by pedaling the bicycle backward, and he successfully weaves through dangerous traffic, but he also gets into accidents because the fixed-gear style abets his avidity for speed. Wilee says, "I like to ride. Fixed gear. No brakes. Can't stop. Don't want to, either."[81]
That's when a group of four to six strangers showed up and attempted to get inside the victim's home, police said. When the victim tried to stop them, the confrontation turned into a physical altercation.
Mayor Ron White has said Browser got caught in the political crossfire after a city employee wasn't allowed to take a puppy to work at City Hall.
With Trump already battling dismal approval ratings, any appearance that the White House is cozying up to Russia amid the ongoing investigation into Trump’s Kremlin ties will only further damage public perception of his presidency. “The underlying thing is huge (potentially),” Matt Miller, who served in the Justice Department under President Obama said of the situation to Axios. “Even if the underlying thing ends up not being real, investigations can still produce leaks and charges over cover-up.” Already on Monday, there were signs that the F.B.I. investigation is taking on a life of its own. When Comey told the House Intelligence Committee that he “was not going to comment on anybody,” he thrust the entire West Wing under suspicion, one source close to the administration told Mike Allen. “You flush people out by making a comment like that. You let it sit there, then later go get everybody’s email and texts [to see how they reacted to it]. This is how you get a lot of people having to hire lawyers.”
Gordon lines up with Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel, who has said that, “We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters.” Despite all the hype coming out of Silicon Valley, Gordon believes we are in a period of modest progress. Whereas many observers worry that because of technology there will no longer be work for an increasing share of able-bodied adults, he thinks there will be work for all, but very little increase in productivity. Disturbingly, his reading of history and his assessment of a variety of factors in the current environment that he calls “headwinds” lead him to the judgement that, “headwinds are sufficiently strong to leave virtually no room for growth over the next 25 years in median disposable real income per person.”
While as already noted, I find Gordon persuasive in his claim that the slowdown in productivity growth is not a figment of mis-measurement, the fact that measured median incomes will be stagnant does not mean that most people will not see rising standards of living over time. Incomes rise as people get further into their careers. And quality improvements and new products are improving life in ways that do not show up in economic statistics, though possibly less so than in the past. So it would be a mistake to regard our children as condemned to economic stasis even before considering Gordon’s various ideas for accelerating growth.
Economic frustration is a central challenge of our time. It is surely intimately connected with political dysfunction, loss of faith in institutions and much else. Like most things, it is best viewed with historical perspective. There is no better way to get that perspective than by reading Robert Gordon’s landmark work.
Well, no. If you are 100 percent confident in something, anything, the doubt of others does not tend to bother you much, rain sliding off a waxed car. Anger is for the defensive, when an intruder gets too close to a sensitive truth, and the people wondering about Wade are noticing a decline in his health, not his game, though it can be hard to separate those things for the wounded. In other words, it is not personal, and the critics on the outside are doing what Wade himself is doing on the inside.
So he uses belief and these holy gifts to conquer, but the other day he had to go back to the locker room to have his kneecap put back in place with tightened tape before coming out to finish the Chicago Bulls’ season. And there was a defiance in him after that, wondering aloud if one day doubters would correctly appreciate his game. There was ego in that because you will always find ego and greatness residing in the same neighborhood, but the don’t-you-dare-doubt-me was unusual given that it was obvious to any eye that Wade wasn’t himself in the Bulls series, unable to get to the free-throw line with his usual breakneck style. Part of that was the way the Bulls always defend him; part of that was the knee limiting him in a way that makes you wonder as the games, opponent and climb get harder.
"I was always a writer who was interested in politics," he said in 2008, "and then I think I had an overdose of it. Be careful what you wish for. And one of the effects on my sensibility is to make me want to back away from public discourse. I just want to stay at home and write stories and send them out every couple of years. That's why I got into the game, not to be some major public spokesman on political issues."
George Osborne must get a grip on the care home crisis | Letters Read more
"It's about standing up for people's rights, not just my rights but other people's rights as well, because if the Nelson City Council is allowed to get away with doing what they're doing then they'll be doing the same to everybody else - and if the Nelson City Council can get away with it, so too will every other council."
Figure out a way to get every Web video ever on the cable box via On Demand. We shouldn't have to boot up our laptop if we want to watch YouTube, MTV music videos, or our favorite video podcast.
A military officer, for example, told the judge that the commander of the border post advised the village men “not to carry out the smuggling above ground, but underground.” The indictment reveals how the nature of smuggling changed from transporting the oil in plastic cans to laying pipes underground. A separate military officer also revealed that while the thermal cameras at the border leave no blind spot, the village men are advised to cross into Syria from an area where there are a lot of olive trees, and to turn their vehicles’ lights off. The village men learn about military movements in advance and use that critical information not to get caught. The Catch-22 is that the other side of the border is controlled by Jabhat al-Nusra militants, and the village smugglers share that critical information with the militants.
It was back in 2008 that I got a good dressing down for a comment I made about the Linux community. It wasn’t so much a comment as it was a declaration that there isn’t a Linux Community.. Let me quote that declaration for you:
And then I got sick. Extremely sick. Sick unto death.
Well, obviously someone was full of…uh, bull. Diane demanded an oncologist look me over. I went home, I got comfortable, and here I am, alive and relatively well, fairly comfortable telling you the story of how I was supposed to die and how I didn’t bother to follow those instructions. After fifteen days and now undergoing radiation and chemotherapy, I was sent home.
Now, with me not having any idea, the love of my Life, Diane, began talking to people online, telling people that I needed surgery and that she was trying to raise money in order to make that a possibility. At the same time, I was talking to my good, good friend and award-winning author Thomas Knight. I needed a side-light monitor in order to spend any time at my computer. The back light monitors emitted a frequency that made me horribly nauseous, which was a side-effect of the cancer treatments. Thomas started an Indiegogo fundraiser, along with two other good friends, in order to get me the monitor. I got monitor, so I knew about those fundraising efforts. But let me tell you what I didn’t know.
The Glazov Gang will not take this lying down. Please spread the message that GoFundMe has surrendered to leftist fascism and kindly write to the organization to request that The Glazov Gang get its campaign back:
“There are demons and there are evil people in the world,” he said. “And you post a picture like that, and some cultist gets a hold of it or a coven and they begin muttering curses against an unborn child.”
• Rafael Nadal gets upgrade on $525K watch
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Marine Corps Times Daily News Roundup
In April, Sgt. Daniel Knapp, a North Carolina-based infantryman who was the subject of a Marine Corps Times cover story, said the unclear policy cost him his career. When he got a crossed rifles tattoo on his arm, Knapp said he didn't know it would run afoul of the service's policy. He had the tattoo for four years before it became an issue, he said.
I can't say exactly what areas [it affects] because once we get it all in a box, we've got to give it back to him again."Green promised, however, that the wording on the final policy would be clear enough for any Marine to understand.
The Cape Fear Tattoo and Arts Expo provided Marines with many opportunities to get tattoos at the Wilmington Convention Center, April 27-29.
A Marine gets new body ink during a tattoo convention. Marine officials plan to release a smartphone application that details the Corps' tattoo policy in order to provide better clarity on the regulations.
Connecting / networking — Because we were so focused on marketing and making sure we are connecting with people who visited our website, we didn’t have too many chances to get our ideology into events and network with cryptocurrency / blockchain enthusiasts face to face. We are now focusing on growing our team and networking so when it comes around to the 1st of November we will have a wider network to connect.
"But one day, I said, 'Want to race?' And he got up and said, 'Let's go.'
"That's when I realized I'm a small-college backup. And he's got a chance to be really good.''
"He was a heck of a quarterback, an Arena Bowl MVP. He just didn't get an NFL opportunity. And I think he still deep down has a chip on his shoulder because he didn't.''
"He's still writing his script,'' Jon says. "The Redskins won just three games last year. Hopefully, he gets the chance to put his program in place and see it grow. He's prepared himself well.
"Jay didn't get a lot of credit for that ring,'' Jon says. "He was the guy I talked to in the press box every game day for seven years. In the Super Bowl, he called, '374 WASP' at the end of the first half, the fly stop from Brad Johnson to Keenan McCardell.''
Hey, older brother has to get payback for that Rocky Balboa taunt, right?
Jon told USA TODAY Sports if he had the No. 1 pick in the May draft, he would have taken Manziel, who gets his last shot to win the starting job from Brian Hoyer alternating first-team reps.
"I don't think the crisis is, is he ready for opening day? It's get himself ready to be a starter, whether it's Week 1 this year or next. He's still raw.''
It might not be a particularly new feature for iOS users but Android owners only got it in June this year, and it’s only today beginning to roll out for Android and iOS devices capable of sending content to a Chromecast dongle.
Start your morning with DTRAC. Rest comfortably in effortless perfect posture in your low back. It will get yourself ready for work.
(NaturalNews) California Governor Jerry Brown has reportedly signed into law the contentious Senate Bill 277, which eliminates the freedom of California parents to opt their children out of vaccinations for personal reasons. All school-age children without an approved medical exemption will now be forced to get vaccinated in order to attend publicschool, a tyrannous mandate that has already driven many objecting parents to homeschool their children instead.The text of SB 277 explains that the bill, which was signed by Gov. Brown on June 30, will "eliminate the exemption from existing specified immunization requirements based upon personal beliefs," while at the same time allowing "exemption from future immunization requirements deemed appropriate by the State Department of Public Health for either medical reasons or personal beliefs."In other words, California parents will no longer be allowed to just fill out an affidavit for their children declaring a personal objection to vaccinations. They will instead have to go through DPH to obtainto opt out of vaccines, either for medical reasons or for personal reasons that the state deems worthy of an exemption.It's a declaration of war against medical freedom, a line in the sand that demarcates government tyranny in direct opposition to the will of the people. And the fallout is that many parents are now going off the radar in pursuit of an education for their children that isn't contingent upon first injecting them with neuro-damaging chemicals and genetically altered live viruses.According to reports, Gov. Brown was eager to sign SB 277 into law, delivering an official signing statement just one day after legislators brought the bill to his desk. It's a tune completely different from the one Gov. Brown was singing three years ago when he issued a signing statement in conjunction with Assembly Bill 2109 that seemingly supported both personal and religious vaccine exemptions.In his letter, Gov. Brown admitted that vaccines come with risks, but insisted all the while that they're necessary to benefit and protect the community. And with the stroke of a pen, he eliminated one of the only options that parents have to forego subjecting their children to forced medical treatments that could seriously injure or kill them.Prior to the bill's passage, a number of California parents vowed to pull their children out of school if it was enacted. Dr. Robert Sears, a pediatrician from Capistrano Beach, toldfollowing SB 277's signing into law by Gov. Brown that he expects a huge exodus from the conventional education system as parents opposed to vaccines seek greener pastures."[We] will see a big shift in children leaving schools for homeschooling ," stated Dr. Sears to the. "And families will group together in co-ops to educate their kids."As an added benefit, these same children will avoid being brainwashed in California public schools, which thereported back in 2013 rank the third-worst in the nation for both math and reading. Still, SB 277 represents nothing short of medical despotism, and its passage is likely to spur a whole new black market for forged and/or falsified vaccination records.Many Californians are also likely to flee the state entirely to places like Oregon, where public pressure blocked a similar bill, SB 442, from moving forward back in March."Parents don't like being told what to do, they don't like feeling like their rights are stripped away," stated Kimberly McCauley of the San Francisco Bay Area to KESQ.com. "People are going to start moving away. [Gov. Brown] just screwed California. Single-handedly screwed California."
The goal seemed to energize the Republic attack and they went looking for an equalizer that they were unfortunately unable to find. Many of the chances that the team got late came from their series of corner kicks in the last minute, all of which — in true Republic fashion — went unconverted.
Matthias Mueller, who took the helm last month after Europe’s biggest automaker admitted to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests, said the German company needed to give more power to its brands and regional operations while working to get to the bottom of the biggest business scandal in its history.
The KBA said the recall, involving 2.4 million vehicles in Germany, should start at the beginning of next year and would be mandatory, meaning drivers do not get to chose whether or not to bring in their cars and vans for servicing.
Google Flights can help you get out of town, even when you're on a budget. Using machine learning and statistical analysis of historical flights data, Flights displays tips under your search results, and you can scroll through them to figure out when it’s best to book flights. Say you were searching for flights to Honolulu, and flights from your destination were cheaper than usual. A tip would say that “prices are less than normal” and by how much to indicate you’d spotted a deal. Or, if prices tend to remain steady for the date and place you’re searching for, a tip would indicate the price “won’t drop further” based on our price prediction algorithms.
Her daughter added: "Hi, I'm McKinley, and I'm really, really happy. I feel that my family has always had this right, and today it is true. No longer shall we be just people who aren't allowed to be married. We are able to get married."
"This is a great day for civil rights in Iowa," said former Iowa Solicitor-General Dennis Johnson, a co-counsel with Lambda Legal. "Go get married. Live happily ever."
A spokesman for One Iowa, which supports gay and lesbian equality, said the earliest the issue could get on a ballot would be 2012.
Sure, Wes Anderson has a fighting chance here, but this is another category in which Richard Linklater got the vast majority of the wins in earlier awards, but Alejandro G. Iñárritu got the one that counts, the Directors Guild award. In the past 25 years, the winner of the Directors Guild award for best director of a feature film won the Oscar for best director 84 percent of the time. Still, the sheer number of wins puts Linklater ahead here, and betting markets agree with the model that Linklater has an edge.
Finally, to break up the tedium, we get Eddie Redmayne leading the pack for best actor.
The good news? This year, the most exciting awards will be saved for the very end of the Oscars presentation. There’s always an opportunity for an upset, though. Next up, I’ll see just how likely we are to get a surprise.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Brown, 17, works 25 hours a week as a fry cook at a McDonald’s down the street from where he lives in Holyoke, Massachusetts. While classmates were at the beach or the mall, Brown was learning life skills — how to behave in a professional workplace, how to multitask when the lunch rush started, how not to talk back when his managers criticized him. He said he hopes the experience will help him get a job after college. And though the pay was low, he was able to buy his own school clothes and save some money toward a car.
Research has shown that teenagers — and especially teenage boys — who work are more likely to graduate high school, more likely to go to college and less likely to get into trouble with the law. They also gain valuable work experience that can make it easier to get a job and get promoted more quickly in adulthood. But for a variety of reasons — fewer job opportunities, more emphasis on schooling, changing societal expectations — fewer young people are getting summer jobs.
“If kids don’t work when they’re young, a lot of the behavioral traits that are important just don’t get developed down the road,” said Paul Harrington, an economist at Drexel University in Philadelphia who has studied the youth labor market. “These are the ages when you’re making these huge decisions about where you’re going to end up in life.”
But the decline in youth employment long predates the recession. Harrington said longer-term forces are also at work, such as the disappearance of many low-skilled jobs that were once the core of the youth job market. Reduced high school dropout rates, increased college attendance and an increased focus on student testing have also likely played a role in pushing down teen employment, particularly during the school year. And Harrington said that as more Americans work into their 60s and beyond, there are fewer opportunities for younger workers to get in on the ground floor.
Other hurdles aren’t so readily overcome. Low-income teens are less likely to have parents who can help them find jobs or navigate the working world once they get them. Nancy Snyder, president of Commonwealth Corporation, a Massachusetts nonprofit that runs workforce development programs for low-income youth, said employers are often reluctant to hire young people without a recommendation.
Brown was one of about 5,000 Massachusetts youths who got a job through the program this year. An aspiring architect who hopes to go to Virginia Tech when he graduates from high school next year, he said he’d been looking for a job since the day he turned 17 without success. Now that he has a job, he plans to keep working during the school year in part because his mother will give up her low-wage job to return to school in the fall. Besides the income, Brown said the job has helped him learn to communicate with adults and manage his emotions, even when he thinks he’s being criticized unfairly. It’s helped his organizational skills, too, he said.
“Working at McDonald’s, because it’s so busy, I was able to multitask and actually get things done,” he said.
There certainly are immense moral challenges in this country, but aren’t they more along the lines of children who don’t get health care? Or school kids who don’t get the same opportunity in life because they go to third-rate inner-city schools? Or kids who are trafficked into a modern version of slavery? Or the need to raise the U.S. contribution to the Global Fund so that fewer people die around the world of AIDS, malaria and TB? Or working more energetically to end the brutal war in Congo and forestall the war that may be coming in South Sudan? It seems to me that there are plenty of genuine opportunities for Senator DeMint to get on his high horse, and I’d love to see him show some moral leadership. But discriminating against teachers on the basis of their private sexual conduct is pathetic and ludicrous — and, in my eyes, immoral to boot.
SKTS ganked bottom just before 20 minutes, trading 2nd bottom turret for their top turret after a 1/1 fight. NB moved to mid turret to kill Wolf then pushed into their red jungle and were ambushed by SKTS. SKTS came out of the fight 4/0 then took their third dragon while MaRin destroyed top turret. Both teams moved to mid lane, SKTS killed pony in a pick and both teams engaged, resulting in a total 4/3 teamfight for SKTS. Both teams returned mid, SKTS got a pick on asd then took 2nd mid turret. SKTS moved toward Baron to set up a pick.
At 21 minutes Falcons took control of vision around Baron and waited for a pick. Falcons ambushed Helios and forced out his Ragnarok and Ghost to get away then began Baron while MakNoon and Space were taking dragon. shy and Madlife rushed the pit and shy killed starlast as Falcons took Baron. The teams fought and Frost won the fight 4/2 but were too low to take an objective. Upon respawning, Falcons rushed top and took top turret at 24 minutes then attempted to push in and group siege the 2nd turret. Frost engaged once again, winning another 4/2 teamfight.
Ambition and DayDream roamed bottom at 11 minutes to tower dive SKTKs duo lane. Faker way caught by the two in the river but escaped, drawing them into the river while Bengi ganked bottom and got a double kill. Flame was forced to cancel his teleport and SKTK took bottom turret. Blaze returned with DayDream and took bottom turret, but Bengi and Faker roamed bottom, killing Blaze’s duo lane yet again. SKTK moved to dragon but Ambition stole it with his ultimate. SKTK’s due lane rotated top, catching Flame teleporting onto his tower with Bengi. They chased Flame down to his 2nd turret but Blaze turned and killed Impact. Bengi and Faker used the distraction to take mid turret. Blaze’s duo lane remained top to keep the 2v2 matchup while Flame rotated to bottom against Impact. Skirmishes broke out in all 3 lanes, resulting in another kill for each team and Ambition taking mid turret.
IM#2 moved to dragon and Blue engaged on them. IM#2 took the dragon but Blue won the following teamfight 3/2. Blue scored another pick on PLL in top lane then grouped mid, catching and killing Reign over before taking mid turret at 18 minutes. Acorn pushed top, PawN mid, and the rest of blue bottom until dragon respawned at 21 minutes. Blue’s bottom lane backed to dragon and took their second dragon unopposed. Blue rotated top and attempted to get a pick in IM#2’s red jungle. IM#2 took the fight 2/0 and quickly secured mid turret with their number advantage.
How do schools get away with ‘gatekeeping’?
While all schools must adhere to these standards, due to a lack of knowledge about their responsibilities under the legislation, some schools have developed ways to get around this.
Gatekeeping can only occur in a system where schools and systems are relatively confident that they will get away with it.
“I’ve done a lot of great individual things in my career, playing in this league, and [winning], that’s why we all play, why we coach,” Murray said. “That’s all I’m worried about. I’m not worried about stats. Obviously, you want to play better and obviously you’ve got pride about yourself and things of that nature, but, hey, most importantly, we got the win. We’ll all watch film and . . . we’ll make corrections and that’s it.”
“We needed to find ways to get students to and from campus to keep students safe,” Rinaldi said.
“Things do happen on this campus just walking places and it’s been during the daytime and at night, so I think any way to get students off the streets is a good thing,” said Marks.
“We’re also looking to add this to the Tech Center and have a desktop icon to request ride and also trying to get a kiosk in the tech center so people can stay inside while requesting a ride.”
I asked him how long did it take for him and his teammate to build it, only to get the hilarious response of “We procrastinated until almost January…”, so only three months of after school hours.
You can actually sign up for a 1GB test drive of the CloudNG service right now. This is hosted on a faculty server and could be taken down in later years, but you do get to play with it. (link)
My initial intuition told me that, based on the proc rates and effect types, Colossus would be a decent choice. Unfortunately, I just didn’t have the time to finish writing the detailed simulations I needed to prove it, though the data in my raid logs seemed consistent with what I expected. And before I got around to writing simulations, the “Real Proc Per Minute” (rPPM) mechanic was announced, throwing a wrench into the works. Since it seemed clear they were thinking about migrating the other effects to this system, I decided to wait on writing anything rigorous until the dust settled. And in due time, it was announced that all of these enchants are moving to a rPPM implementation in 5.1. Ten points for lazy Theck!
I say “approximately” because technically a proc-based effect with $x$ rPPM won’t give you exactly $xHD$ seconds of uptime per minute. The reason is that you can get “unlucky” and have overlapping procs that refresh the buff, reducing the overall uptime. Hamlet has already described how to do this, so I won’t go into it here. This will reduce the effectiveness of Windsong, Dancing Steel, and River’s Song. The table below gives the time-averaged uptime of each of the enchants we’re interested in with and without this correction, assuming 10% spell haste:
In this case, the Windsong result is for any one of the three buffs – i.e., we get about 13.64% uptime on each one. River’s Song is a bit of a special case as well – the buff it grants stacks twice, which changes the uptime calculation a bit. In that case, we only care about the situations where we get 3 procs in a short time period, such that one of them is “wasted.” That’s a much more complicated probability question, and the result will be very small, so we’re going to ignore it for the purposes of this post.
I had been saying that Dancing Steel was going to be better than River’s Song, but now I’m not so sure. Without the stacking mechanic the uptimes would be similar, which would give Dancing Steel the edge. But the stacking mechanic changes things – since it’s harder to waste a River’s Song proc we get considerably higher average uptime out of it. Dancing Steel still has some advantages – the ~587 average strength it provides gives you parry (which in some gear sets may be diminished less than dodge), plus some DPS, plus some SoI healing. But I’m not certain that it’s strictly superior to River’s Song (which gives ~847 dodge rating) anymore, even for raw avoidance.
The math for Windsong is sort of interesting. Since each buff is independent, we get an average of 13.64% for each of the three buffs it can grant. That’s 1500 of each rating with 0.1364 uptime, or an average of ~205 rating of each type. If we ignore crit, that’s about 410 rating total, which seems like a lot more than the other options (for example, the weapon chain’s static 200 expertise). However, remember that in terms of raw TDR, haste is abysmal. Putting my current stats into my spreadsheet, I get the following stat weights:
So haste is about 0.1722/0.4380=39.3% as good as mastery for TDR. Having 205 haste and 205 mastery is roughly equivalent to having 286 mastery. To put that in terms of damage reduction, let’s use a simplistic model: the damage reduction is approximately equal to (SotR uptime)*rating/600, such that at 100% SotR uptime 600 rating gives 1% damage reduction. In practice, SotR uptime is generally only about 40-50%. If we take the generous assumption of 50% SotR uptime, that 286 rating is only 0.238% reduced damage taken. However, this is absolute damage taken, not relative damage taken. To get relative damage reduction, we’d need to divide by the amount we actually take (i.e. if we only take 70% of the damage that’s coming at us, it’s 0.00238/0.3=0.0079, or ~0.8% relative damage reduction).
It should be (0.8%*DTPS)=800, or about 100k DTPS. Note that I’ve assumed that the free 10% spell haste we get from SoI is counteracted by Colossus munching, and haven’t included other haste contributions (spell haste raid buff, haste on gear, bloodlust, etc.). In practice both Windsong uptime and Colossus absorption per second will be a little higher because of those additional haste factors, and generally in Colossus’ favor. For example, in my gear set I have 4.14% haste, for 14.55% total before raid buffs and 20.28% after raid buffs, which means I’d be getting around 962 HPS from colossus and 14.82% uptime on Windsong (222 rating per buff, 310 effective mastery, 0.2583% absolute damage reduction, 0.8611% relative damage reduction), raising the threshold to 111.7k DTPS. These values are well above steady-state damage intake in heroic content (though on par with peak or high-damage periods).
There’s also something to be said for the Living Steel Weapon Chain. A static 200 expertise is always on, so it’s got the whole “consistency” thing in the bag. And it’s expertise, which we value much more highly than expertise or haste, right? Well, not exactly. If you can reach the caps via reforging already, all this enchant does for you is allow you to reforge less of that itemization on gear into expertise, and subsequently keep more mastery or haste. In that sense, it’s not worth 200 expertise, it’s worth 200 of whatever stat you’re reforging into after hit/exp caps – either 200 mastery or 200 haste. It’s only if you can’t reach the caps via just reforging that the enchant keeps its higher value as an expertise source.
For consistency, I think the Colossus enchant is unmatched. Yes, the absorb bubbles are small, but their reliability is what makes them attractive. Another 8k off of a 100k swing is still a good chunk, and in a longer death scenario I could get two of them. The fact that it’s fairly strong for TDR is a bonus.
I’m mixed on the weapon chain. I think it’s a good option when you’re at low gear levels, and really need that 200 expertise to get closer to the expertise hard cap. Once you can do that with gear and reforging alone, it loses a lot of its allure. If I had to choose between a 200 haste enchant and Colossus, I think Colossus would win every time. So I think the chain is probably worth setting aside once your gear improves.
Belly up to the bar and get a little taste of Chicago’s spirited history. More from this series: New Deal, Old Deal; Blood Sport; Kentucky Colony; How's Harold?; The Man on Five; The Hinky Drink; Lord of the Levee and Mayor Bossy.
That keen business acumen is what got him on the committee that officially created the city of Chicago in 1837, and he was elected the new city’s first mayor. Ogden believed that business and government could, and should, exist in harmony. He raised taxes so that sidewalks, streets and bridges could be built. When that wasn’t enough, Ogden and his investors (many of whom were New Yorkers themselves) paid out of pocket for what they could.
Sign up for our morning newsletter to get all of our stories delivered to your mailbox each weekday.
June 3: Forty years after Richard J. Daley’s death, Chicago still identifies itself with the man who steered it for more than two decades. Belly up to the bar and get a little taste of Chicago’s spirited history: an Irish whiskey and smoky mezcal blended drink.
May 27: Following a whopper of a blizzard in 1979, Sauganash native Jane Byrne narrowly upset Mayor Michael Bilandic for the Democratic mayoral nomination. Belly up to the bar and get a little taste of Chicago’s spirited history: a frosty milkshake spiked with whiskey and vodka.
May 13: Belly up to the bar and get a little taste of Chicago’s spirited history. We're raising a glass to Michael “Hinky Dink” Kenna, who famously crowed “Chicago ain’t no sissy town.”
Spanish physician Juan Gomez-Alonso explains four connections between rabies and vampire myths in a 1998 Neurology journal article, the most obvious being infection through the blood via bites. Rabies victims also often suffer from facial spasms, lending them an animalistic appearance. The third connection is the time frame: vampire lore had them living for forty days before being turned, the same amount of time it usually takes for the victim of a rabies attack to die after their initial bite. The final connection is probably the most surprising: sex drive. The insatiable sexual desire that’s a trademark of both traditionally gothic and sparkly modern vampires can also be traced to rabies. Male rabies victims often get involuntary erections and have spontaneous orgasms. Unsurprisingly, this was not often spoken of outright, but was alluded to in much of the early medical literature, with one eighteenth century Austrian physician noting “his seed and his life were lost at the same time.”
The men were arrested by Texas state troopers and U.S. Border patrol agents moments after crossing. The men had managed to get into an F-150 pickup that had arrived at the banks of the Rio Grande to pick them up. The driver of the pickup has been charged by state prosecutors with human smuggling.
Highways England worked into the early hours to get the road reopened in time for rush-hour traffic in what they described as a "complicated" clean-up mission.
Image copyright Essex Fire and Rescue Image caption Motorists trying to get to the airport had to be diverted following the spillage
Even some of those who do get paid by Uncle Sam have grown more openly skeptical of U.S. counterterrorism policy. Capt. Robert Newson, a Navy SEAL who served as director of the Joint Interagency Task Force-Counter Terrorism, told an interviewer at West Point’s Combating Terrorism Center that “drone strikes, manned airstrikes, and special operations raids … buy space and time. But by themselves they are only a delaying action, and everywhere I have been, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, every military person up and down the chain of command acknowledges this. This ‘CT concept’ — the solution that some people champion where the main or whole effort is drone strikes and special operations raids — is a fantasy.”
Within agencies, it’s no different. Central Command doesn’t necessarily know what Special Operations Command knows, and Africa Command may not know what either knows. Military intelligence and surveillance assets are concentrated in the Central Command area or responsibility, leaving commanders elsewhere with less ability to monitor and understand what’s going on. Meanwhile, the CIA’s shift toward paramilitary operations has left it less able to gain vital human intelligence. Put all this together, and you get a situation in which U.S. officials can see millions of trees, but almost no one can spot any forests.
And to make matters worse – or better, depending on your viewpoint – Cameron also managed to get himself snapped in an affectionate embrace with a supporter of The Worst Man In History.
At least he can console himself with a large glass (is that white wine on the rocks?) and a cheeky cigarette. Couldn't have got away with that as PM, could you Cam?
Gold floats at a dollar valued market price. As of the writing of this article, it had recently closed at $1,146 per troy ounce. When people get nervous about the economy, there is often a flight into gold. As a result of the recent recession, gold hit an all-time high of $1,900 an ounce in 2011. There are other reasons to buy gold, but the main one is that it is considered a safe haven to protect investors against a possible catastrophe in the economic markets.
The major point is not to panic when the market reacts to this situation. Do not get caught up in the doom and gloom syndrome, where people firmly believe that this tangible asset of gold that you can hold in your hand is far above the promises of our politicians and the unbacked paper issued by our governments.
The fake news writer said he never thought Trump would win and become president. "They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore — I mean, that's how Trump got elected. He just said whatever he wanted, and people believed everything, and when the things he said turned out not to be true, people didn't care because they'd already accepted it. It's real scary. I've never seen anything like it."
Horner fancies himself a writer of satire, saying he likes to get lumped in with The Onion. He said he makes $10,000 a month from Google AdSense. He thinks that the "horrible sites" that have "no creativity or purpose" behind them should be washed out by Google and Facebook's new desire to clean up fake news, but he hopes his own sites that have "purpose and meaning" will not be affected.
We know that the home campaign has successfully infected thousands of websites all over the world. While we don’t know exactly how many people got their computer compromised by this campaign, we can assume that their number is fairly large.
The constant that is pushed before calling the function above dictates which register gets pushed onto the stack. For example, if 0x34 is pushed as an argument to the function, the equivalent behavior would have been to replace the original “push” and “call” instructions by a simple “push ECX”.
Kaiman: Umm… Okay, I get it, you can put me down now…
Kaiman: To Hell with you! I’ll get my face back myself!
Note: in the previous chapter, Vaux hurried to get to the hospital before Hole could find the magic users inside to prevent Hole from wrecking the hospital.
Vaux: Shit, he got inside!
"The irony from our perspective is that we've seen him in court twice now, and we've won both times. It's not like it doesn't count until you get to the Supreme Court," Purcell said.
The study also found that if you wanted a second date with a Republican, taking them to a fancy restaurant would make you 122 percent more likely to get that second date. Oddly, ordering sushi will make you 124 percent more likely to get a second date with a Democrat.
I received the Su:m 37 Skin Saver Melting Cleansing Balm yesterday from 11st (they have an AMAZING international EMS shipping deal right now–check out my Facebook post on how to get the 40,000 won-off coupon; this balm cost 26,000 won plus 2,500 won for domestic shipping and it arrived one week after I placed my order. MAGIC!).
Cleansing balms are soft, sort of grainy-waxy-seeming solids until they hit your skin and get massaged in–at that point they become an oil that slices through your makeup, oil, and face grime and then emulsifies when in contact with water to wash all that nasty away. It’s the first step in my double cleanse (followed by a foaming face wash).
Bleacher Report's Jason Cole added that the Cowboys were hoping to get a clause in a new deal that would allow them to void Bryant's deal in the event that the wideout gets in trouble:
Rapoport reported he has not talked to anyone who believes Bryant's threat to sit out any regular-season games is legitimate, but Rand Getlin of NFL Network says sources close to the Cowboys star insists he will if he doesn't get a deal.
ESPN's Chris Mortensen first reported June 12 that Bryant is considering skipping the Cowboys' Week 1 game against the New York Giants if he doesn't get a long-term deal before the July 15 deadline to sign a franchise-tagged player.
Despite Bryant's desire for a new contract, a June 10 report from Ross Jones of Fox Sports provided comments from an agent who said teams will "likely" make stars like Bryant and the Denver Broncos' Demaryius Thomas play on a franchise deal and that it's "possible" they can get tagged next season.
While the hockey was fast paced, it had a few solid hits today. The first one was Mark Fraser stepping into Bradley Ross just inside the blue line. Ross got up looking pissed but realized it was Fraser, and skated to the bench with a smile on his face. Good choice. Next up was a solid battle between David Clarkson and Kevin Marshall. It was behind the net along the boards, and I thought it just may escalate to a fight; sadly, it wasn’t to be. Finally, at the end of scrimmage, Carter Ashton stepped into Dion Phaneuf in the middle of the ice. Dion wasn’t pleased but just hopped back up and continued his shift.
I had a great chat with Paul Hendrick again today, who is always engaging. We got to talk hockey for a solid 20 minutes during one of the scrimmages. He has excellent insight to the team personnel and genuinely loves hockey. New favourite media members are Jonas Siegel and Caroline Cameron from SportsNet. I think even Big Daddy smiled in my general direction today. The security lady told me where the muffins and coffee were and to “help myself,” but I prefer the Dallas Eakins style with veggies and fruits.
I told HistoryMaker118 that I will open the package after I get back from holidays - this was yesterday and the photostory below shows my wonderful adventure. My kitten Lluan was very curious and personally examined each gift!
[...] [the Allies'] help took the form of positive wilful obstruction. The Japanese, by bolstering up Semianoff and Kalmakoff, and the Americans, by protecting and organising enemies, made it practically impossible for the Omsk Government to maintain its authority or existence. The most that could be expected was that both would see the danger of their policy in time to avert disaster. One did; the other left when the evils created had got beyond control. Koltchak has not been destroyed so much by the acts of his enemies as by the stupidity and neglect of his Allied friends. (Ward, 1920)
Cutting Gaither would free up $500,000 in cap space in 2013, but it would also save the Chargers $4.5 million in real dollars. The #11 pick in last year's draft, Dontari Poe, got a 4-year contract worth $11.3 million. His cap hit for his rookie season was a hair over $2 million. Would the Chargers be willing to eat $1.5 million in cap space to replace Gaither with Johnson?
Federal investigators found that the department’s training is too heavily focused on weaponry and scenarios where officers use force and that officers do not get enough training in how to de-escalate situations.
She said that we’re living in a “Kafka-esque times” with “flicking threats of nuclear war” and that humans are stripping the Earth of its natural resources and urged the audience to get involved in citizen science projects to protect the natural environment.
"He said you don't have any tags on the car. I said, ‘No problem, I don't have any tags on this car because it's not my car. The dealer is right there we can get it all clarified,’” Sowells said.
“They asked me to get out of the car. I said 'I don't feel comfortable.' They commenced to open up the car door and they tried to drag me out of the door by my left arm," he said.
According to the police report, Sowells pulled away from the officers. Two officers grabbed their Tasers and Sowells got out of the car. He was arrested for obstruction.
The ladder that had presumably run up the inside of the tower had been removed. Climbing the pipework inside wouldn’t have got us very far so we had to be content with looking up into the empty space.
Right now, the biggest issue that we need is generators, and we need pumps, because we can’t get the electricity turned back on until all of the basements are pumped out. And there’s still—if you walk Rockaway and you knock on any door, someone—every single door, someone is going to need help.
The water that came in is toxic, OK? We had water from the beach. I watched the waves that morning. They were already incredibly dirty. The bay and the ocean met every single part of Rockaway during the storm. There was at least two feet of flooding everywhere, sometimes up to six or seven feet of flooding, depending on where you lived. Everyone’s been affected, doesn’t matter who you are, doesn’t matter where you are. Every single person’s been affected. And so, a lot of right now is getting those basements pumped out, debris getting pulled out, you know, sweeping out huge chunks of just gunk and junk, and trying to figure out where it all goes. The boardwalk is destroyed. You know, I watched the boardwalk out my window come rushing down. The water level here got up to about five feet, and the winds were almost 20 miles per hour, so it looks like the ocean coming through this entire place. I watched cars rolling down the street. I mean, it was—it was scary. And out the window, you could see the fire. You could see this huge flame of fire coming from Breezy Point. And they really—I mean, there were, I think, 80 homes lost over there—and just devastated.
So, the last couple days have been very inspiring, because we’ve had so many people coming. People are starting to realize that Rockaway was hit as bad as it was hit, and they’re coming to start helping and starting to think about us a little bit more. So, we’ll see what happens. I don’t know when we’re going to get electricity back. I don’t know. A lot of the people’s homes are heated by baseboard heaters, and it’s just—this is salt water we’re talking about. So salt water is going to kill everything, you know? Anything, any kind of tools or cars or anything that runs on these different motors or electricity, when that salt water hits it, it’s destroyed, you know?
CATHERINE YEAGER: FEMA down the street, from what I understand, is handing out pieces of paper that tell you to call a phone number to get help. Here, you come, and you get help immediately.
We’re going to start organizing and having people come down with their—we’re encouraging people who come down and want to do manpower help, bring your own cleaning supplies. Be your own self-sufficient cleaning person, so that we can start sending you to homes, and you just knock on the door, and you can go in, and you can start cleaning. You don’t have to come here and grab cleaning supplies. You’ve got your own to go out.
FEMA is providing cellphone charging down there, but you’ve got to wait in line—I don’t know—for an hour to be able to get your cellphone plugged in, you know? Besides that, I don’t know what they’re doing. You know? I’ve seen some cleanup. There was definitely a lot of the boardwalk that’s been moved. But, you know, nothing that I would—I’m sure is happening on Wall Street or cleanup that’s happening in other parts of Manhattan, you know?
''These aren't four- or five-year deals. These won't, theoretically, block any of our kids,'' said general manager John Coppolella. ''It will just give them a little more time. Guys that may have been force-fed up here now have a little more time to get their sea legs under them as they turn into really good big league pitchers.''
There are some good questions, and I actually started answering them, but after about 35, I got bored.
Moda Health, the Oregon health insurer that has struggled in the era of the Affordable Care Act, finally got some good news Thursday.
How Amanda became the first-ever podcast/vblog to get funding DIRECTLY from a blockchain (and why this is a necessary step towards crypto-economic longevity).
Being a developer for over 20 years I realized that when a started I saw debugging not as a craft on which I could improve but as a tedious factory job that sadly you need to do when you're a developer. And nobody wants to do dull work, so as many before me I started looking for ways to improve my debugging skills so I could be more efficient at it. Nowadays I see debugging as an art which takes ongoing efforts to master. But can be really fun when you get better at it.
Fact: Nobody writes perfect code, and errors are an inevitable part of developing software. Being able to locate and fix errors is an important and underestimated part of learning to code. It's also the hardest skill to teach. To be honest, learning to step through your code with a debugger isn't very complicated, but it only will get you so far. Learning how to use scientific, methodical logic, creative problem solving and being able to understand what you're actually seeing is much more complicated.
This is why I decided to create a list with tips to help you get a head start on becoming better at debugging. The list is based on my personal best practices and years and years of frustrating error-solving. Looking back, it would have helped a lot if I've had a couple of the tips from the start. Hopefully, you'll pick up some new ideas.
Google for the error message and add context to your search query, if you're debugging Boto in regards to an S3 problem, combine the error message adding Boto and s3 to your search query. And if you get a result, don't just copy/solutions, understand what the solution is and validate if it's indeed a fix for your error.
When you are stuck your mind tends to get even more stuck and you don't see the actual problem anymore. Just let it rest for a while, go out for a walk, drink a cup of coffee, attend to another piece of code or pay a visit to your grandma (chance to apply your rubber ducking skills). You will probably notice that taking a step back might actually reset your brain and you will see another way to tackle the error
She quickly got the ball moving because she knew this was a huge opportunity. “I just thought, I have to be on this show, and I thought it was an important story to tell and an interesting way of doing that.”
2. Take the ax to expenses. The couple will save $500 a month on day care, but that still leaves them with $800 to cut. They might get rid of their older car and reduce costs across their budget to do it.
3. Keep saving. Shawn should continue stashing 10% of his income for retirement even as the couple trims elsewhere. As he gets raises, he should direct the cash to retirement and the home-equity loan.
Lifelong ambition fulfilled, it was now time to get down to business. Rodríguez was kitted out in Real's full team gear and given official status as a bag-handler, coaching assistant and good-luck charm (Mourinho and the players were rubbing his stomach for positive vibes).
All the memorabilia he could get his hands on was worth nothing compared to the memories, insisted Rodríguez, and a knowing wink for a job well done from Mourinho on the flight back was a particular highlight.
Especially if the Lebanese are having a counter protest at the same time.We don't know how the Syrians in custody died. We don't know if they were really terrorists, or unfortunate souls who got swept away, by mistake, along with real terrorists. It is understandable that their families feel the way they do. However, it's a miracle that the LAF, ISF, and HA were able to prevent the Syrian war from crossing into our borders, without more violent clashes with the refugees. Especially that members of these forces, as well as Lebanese civilians, were kidnapped and killed by terrorists hiding among those refugees.And, all this, with the government in the state it was, and with a ratio of one refugee for every two Lebanese nationals, in a country that can't even provide water and electricity reliably. Any other country in Lebanon's situation would have descended into chaos by now.Inshallah the war in Syria is over soon and they all go back home to rebuild their homes and communities, before the situation in Lebanon deteriorates further. Lebanon has enough issues to deal with on its own.
There are some familiar problems that need to be taken into account here, as well, such as parasitics. “As the package gets hot, the parasitics change,” said Mentor’s Ferguson. “Resistivity changes with temperature. As you put everything in a package, you can change the path of the heat sink. We need to understand the temperature impact on the die. We do know that dies at advanced process nodes are sensitive to stress. How that impacts the transistors themselves is unknown. There are a lot of questions on all of this. How accurate is accurate enough, and what are the appropriate use models?”
“The goal is to put more in less space,” said Bill Bottoms, chairman of Advanced Polymer Monitoring Technologies, a spinoff from Tulane University. “The problem is power. You can’t get things close enough together because of power density, so when you need high performance you have to keep the frequency low.”
“With 2.5D, you still have components integrated inside the package,” said Joey Tun, principal market development manager at National Instruments. “You’ve got integrated passive components. You also have functional density, which makes it significantly harder.”
In fact, GDP figures these days engage one like an Edmund Crispin detective novel: in Crispin's novels one is forever occupied trying to identify the murderer from the clues the author gives; likewise with GDP data these days one gets primarily occupied trying to discover how truth has been done away with by the estimates. It is their 'post-truth' character rather than the data themselves which absorbs one.
Oh, and one more thing. Some day Zach Rosenberg’s son will get old enough to read this. Hopefully by then he will have figured out that it was his father, not him, that is so fucked up.
Morphy had an astounding memory, capable of recording every factor he deemed pertinent to his play—openings, defenses, even entire games—but he also had an intuitive grasp of the possibilities. He could visualize the board several plays deep, anticipating and capitalizing on even the slightest misstep. “The child had never opened a work on chess,” wrote Morphy’s uncle, Ernest Morphy, to the editor of chess magazine La Régence, which published one of Morphy’s early games. “In the openings he makes the right moves as if by inspiration, and it is astonishing to note the precision of his calculations in the middle and end game. When seated before the chessboard, his face betrays no agitation even in the most critical positions; in such cases he generally whistles an air through his teeth and patiently seeks for the combination to get him out of trouble.” The prodigy next took on Johann J. Lowenthal, a political refugee from Hungary who was well known in European chess circles. Morphy, in his French vernacular, described Lowenthal’s reaction at losing to him in one word: “comique.”
There's got to be more focus on automation and robotization, argues Frank Graves, co-author with Graham Lowe of Redesigning Work. "There will be huge carnage and it is going to happen quickly. There are solutions but they will require bold action, not some bromides about innovation."
Residents in the area have identified one of the officers to arrive on the scene as Dion Colvin. Although Colvin did not participate, he stood by and watched Phillip White get brutally assaulted and ultimately killed. Members of the community are urging Officer Colvin to speak out against this heinous crime.
“You can be surprised by what you find in a field. It is interesting and it is a good way to get out and about.”
For example, the SOD might receive a tip from a wiretap or NSA intercept directing them to track down a specific vehicle that might be involved in a drug crime. They would then pass that tip along to the FBI or a local police department. But because they wouldn't want the police to reveal where they got the tip from, the officers would have to find some other excuse to stop the vehicle and begin their own independent investigation. Police would then go forward as if the traffic stop was their first clue, not the SOD tip.
The debt crisis also spills into their campaign because Pierluisi has backed the House committee bill, despite disagreeing with parts of it. He opposed earlier versions of the bill that Republicans withdrew because they could not get enough support for its approval.
To celebrate the Summer Solstice of Movie Days Past, now we get our heads straight and taste the colors of madness. You dig this trip? Outta sight. PSYCH-OUT was released in March of 1968 by American International Pictures, produced by teen maven Dick Clark, and based on a screenplay by Jack Nicholson called THE LOVE CHILDREN, to be directed by rising maverick Richard Rush. The duo’s previous motorcycle film from 1967, HELL’S ANGELS ON WHEELS, grossed millions so they were brought in to give the hippie exploitation film counter-culture verisimilitude — and do it in 18 days with a 200 grand budget. AIP old school owner Samuel Z. Arkoff and others thought THE LOVE CHILDREN was a story about bastards, so like the carny barker at heart he was, Arkoff combined LSD with Hitchcock and came up with PSYCH-OUT. Another set of writers, E. Hunter Willett and Betty Ulius were brought in to revise Nicholson’s lengthy experimental script to a more linear AIP narrative, namely that of Jenny (Susan Strasberg), a 17 year old deaf girl searching for her artist brother in the paisley streets of San Francisco circa Summer of Love ’67.
Jenny finds herself disgusted by the stoned lethargy of the household and Stoney’s indifference. She finds little comfort with Dave, The Love Guru, who himself is painted as a hypocrite. The sexism of the day is still manifest, especially when Stoney shows up and gives her an ugly harangue, even though he’s the one who blew her off. Angered, she ends up taking the dangerous speed/acid drug, STP, offered by Dave, just as Stoney finds her brother Steve, played by Bruce Dern (in a wild, stringy mane wig). I like it when Dern is babbling about his fiery visions, and Nicholson cuts him off with, “You’re a little high.” But Dern gets a good scene to himself as he tells Stoney exactly how Jenny became deaf.
Despite the cultural baggage, PSYCH-OUT is actually flat-out enjoyable, moreso than you might think. If you want to be limited in your thinking, you can watch the movie to laugh at the dirty hippies. Or you can find pleasure in a team of young artists working on a budget to create a work of period artfulness that would reflect their later work. There’s also a terrific score by Ronald Stein with memorable songs by The Strawberry Alarm Clock (who I got to sign my LP soundtrack at the Mods & Rockers Film fest) and The Seeds. Anybody interested in sixties cinema can find pleasure here. When I praised PSYCH-OUT to Jaglom, he said, “But it’s still an exploitation film.” I said, “But one more honest and adventurous than the others.” And I think it is. The movie also shows the roots of the discord and violence that would reflect the less loving year of 1968.
“My background is in the Navy, and it is good to hang an admiral once in a while as an example to the others,” said Mr. Blair, who left the administration in 2010. “We were hoping to get somebody and make people realize that there are consequences to this and it needed to stop.”
Over the last few years, we've covered President Obama's war on whistleblowers , including the fact that he's used the Espionage Act against whistleblowers more than every other President combined, which is really quite incredible when you think about it. The NY Times has tried to dig around and figure out why the Obama administration is so harsh on whistleblowers and comes up with a few different sources. The first one, the Times reporter actually buries pretty far down in the story: Senator Dianne Feinstein from California:Of course, as we've pointed out a few times, Feinstein, ridiculously, seems much more concerned about leaks than the government abuses and lawbreaking that those leaks reveal. That's quite incredible when you think about it.The second source -- also underplayed by the article -- is officials in the intelligence community itself, who the President and his top advisors seem somewhat in awe of, and rarely seem willing to push back on what they have to say:Basically, the long term intelligence insiders were sick of leaks -- such as the revealing of their warrantless wiretapping -- meaning that they actually have to answer to the public for overreaching into everyone's private lives. Given the combination of those intelligence agencies and Feinstein (who has always parroted whatever the intelligence agencies have to say), President Obama put his first Director of National Intelligence on the job of "solving" this issue of whistleblowers. And Blair apparently took to it with fervor, believing that the best thing to do would be to "make some examples" bypeople:While he's not literally talking about hanging someone, just the idea that they set out, purposefully, to "make examples" out of whistleblowers, is what lead to these kinds of massive overreaches and the chilling effects found today. The administration may think that's a good thing, because it keeps their secrets secret -- but it's also what's allowed massive abuses within the government to flourish with no one willing to blow the whistle.The next culprit outlined (and mentioned above) is Attorney General Eric Holder, who teamed up with Blair to craft a program that was focused on going after anyone they could very aggressively:So, rather than get the whole story, understand what's going on, the DOJ has a three-week deadline before moving forward withinvestigations on whistleblowing.The final person to blame for all of this: the President himself. As noted above, he seems to accept everything the intelligence guys tell him without question. And that leads to absolutely moronic claims like the following:The Times reporter doesn't dig into this, but that meeting from March 2011 was first written about in Jane Mayer's amazing New Yorker article about the ridiculous prosecution against whistleblower Thomas Drake . That was a case where Drake legitimately blew the whistle on fraud and abuse within the NSA -- and it was only in searching for who was behind a different leak, that investigators found a completely pointless document on his home computer, including details of some meeting schedules. The document was, but prosecutors said that Drake should have known it was actually classified (even though the documentdeclassified months later).That was clearly an extreme case of going after a whistleblower for being a whistleblower -- and yet when confronted on this, the President strongly pushed back against it and seemed to buy completely into the bogus claims his intelligence people were telling him about Drake. From the Mayer piece:Of course, Brian was exactly right -- Thomas Drake was exactly the kind of whistleblower President Obama claims he wants more of: the kind who reveal government wrongdoing in the form of financial shenanigans. And yet, he never seemed to recognize or acknowledge that Drake never revealed anything that jeopardized national security. Given how the various intelligence bosses -- from Blair to Keith Alexander to James Clapper (and their various predecessors who are now making tons of money working for private defense contractors bilking billions from the government on these issues) -- seem to have decided that they need to "hang" a few leakers, President Obama's failure to recognize that they've been using his support for this to hang true whistleblowers, rather than anyone who's harmed national security, means he needs to take the blame for this massive failure within his own administration.Brian was completely correct in her statements. These actions -- and the latest Snowden revelations of a President who seems to cave to the intelligence agencies at every chance -- really do a massive amount of harm to his legacy. But, tragically, the President appears to have a huge blindspot on that, not realizing how damning his war on whistleblowers has become.
"If you want to get away from that, you just end it now, and my message to the people of Australia is this is Back to Work Tuesday.
In a statement, Miliband said, “We are grateful that we can get back to work resettling refugees who have fled the terrors of war and violence, while also caring for those who remain trapped in conflict zones.”
Once again, the company management, works council and the union are demanding a new “offensive” in order to get out of the red.
Secondly, I needed to organize the source code for proper distribution on CPAN as well as get the packaged distribution uploaded and made available.
Great! Now here is where this can get interesting (and where a lot of suggestions, if not outright rules, do exist). If you follow the steps in the order above, good, because that means while waiting for a PAUSE account to come online , proper considerations can be made for the naming of the module.
Via the Free Beacon, is this the first time Trump himself has delivered a version of the now obligatory “this is why you got Trump” retort by Republicans whenever Democrats overreach culturally?
I’m not knocking him for it. Hillary defending the protests after she wiped out in the Rust Belt does feel like a “this is why you got Trump” moment.
To review how we got to this point: last spring, the House passed a health-care-reform bill that proposed to hollow out the A.C.A.’s funding, insurance mandates, and protections for people with preëxisting conditions. It was immensely unpopular with the public. The problem was not just that twenty-three million Americans would lose their health insurance if the bill becomes law but also the Republicans’ vision of a health system where insurance with deductibles of five thousand dollars and more, and little or no primary-care coverage, would become the norm. This summer, Senate Republicans failed to secure enough votes to pass a modified version of the House bill. Later, in a dramatic late-night session, the Senate also rejected, by a single vote, a “skinny” repeal bill. That bill would have repealed only the parts of the A.C.A. that required large businesses to insure their workers and all Americans to carry coverage. It would have resulted in a mere sixteen million more uninsured people, according to estimates.
One gym in Vancouver, Body Exchange, actually screens potential clients over the phone and bans non-plus-size women from joining. (Men aren't allowed, either.) The goal is for the space to be a "save haven" for heavier clients, founder and CEO Louise Green told The Province. "Many of our clients have not had successful fitness pasts so I can see the anxiety before we get started and I can see the relief and happiness after we finish," she said. "People are often too fearful to become active. There wasn't a model that offered camaraderie. I used to walk into fitness classes where nobody would even say ‘Hi.' This has got to be fun or it's not going to work."
Green said three types of people join her gym: women who are "idle," women who used to work out but have put on weight in recent years, and the "do or dies" who need to get fit for medical reasons. But all have one thing in common: they don't want to get patronizing side-eye glances when they're on the treadmill. "It's intimidating going into a gym setting," one satisfied customer said. "I honestly think some people in a gym setting are judgmental to people who are overweight or have a different body type."
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
Last year, on March 24th, I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma (cancer). I had been working 40-50 hours a week at my local convenient store, trying to support my father and I at the time. I was only 19, and he didn't have much in the way of a job, so I couldn't afford time off or much of a break until I was forced to go to the ER earlier in March by a concerned coworker. The diagnosis came a few weeks later after a couple biopsies, but the signs were there -- I had lost 70 pounds over the prior months, was in a constant state of exhaustion, dizzy spells were frequent, and unrelenting pain in my chest put me on the edge 24/7. I went through a few surgeries, one being to have a port implanted so I could undergo chemotherapy for 6 months. I had to stop work immediately once I found out, and was left to the whims of my landlord, friends, and family who tried helping out however they could. (Just because you get sick, it unfortunately doesn't mean the bills stop coming..)
After realizing it was just my fault (as normal) that the game was acting crazy, I grew to love Overwatch. When the open beta ended, I was saddened because I was too afraid to buy it knowing that I had to be careful with what money I had left. My memory is a bit iffy in the earlier months of chemotherapy, but I remember asking my dad if it was alright if I used $40 of our money to buy Overwatch. At the state I was in, chemotherapy had left me deathly ill, and my dad was more on the side of providing whatever made me happy rather than staying strict with finances and said that if that's what I wanted, then I should buy it. (It probably helped too that I didn't get anything for my birthday other than a card from my sister, so technically it can be viewed as my own belated birthday present to myself. June 4th btw!!)
The point I want to get across is -- because of my cancer, I was limited to very few things I could do in life. Every day I suffered in pain, whether it was the cancer, chemotherapy, side effects, or who knows what, it was a bad day.
After chemotherapy, there was a month break before I had about a month of radiation. Then more scans. Anyone who's ever had a PET scan can tell you all about the gross milkshake smoothie stuff they make you drink. I don't miss those at all. In January, I had my port taken out, and I was in the clear. I had spent almost a year with cancer, and I was ready to get my life back on track and start over from step 1. (rip savings..)
I'll get to the point. My cancer is back. I had a CT scan on Tuesday, and after being told it could take up to 72 hours to hear back my results, my doctor had called me 3 hours later to inform me that "the disease" had reoccurred. That there's already a full body scan setup next week to find out how far it's gotten this time. That I'll have to go through everything again a second time to figure this out.
“There was no infrastructure to even support the equipment. They didn’t even have a loading dock, they had no understanding of what vehicles were on the island to even move the stuff off the ship once it got there,” said the supplier. “They said stuff like, ‘Don’t worry about customs; it’s only for a weekend, you don’t have to worry about customs.”
They were running low on cash and the festival lacked fundamental necessities — toilets and showers, for example — and they were running out of time. One supplier told VICE News that when they were contacted by the festival in April, they told the organizers that all the money in the world wouldn’t get trailers for toilets and showers past customs in time, because that takes weeks to process. The festival was scheduled over two weekends in late April and early May.
They were running low on cash and the festival lacked fundamental necessities — toilets and showers, for example — and they were running out of time. One supplier told VICE News that when they were contacted by the festival in April, they told the organizers that all the money in the world wouldn’t get trailers for toilets and showers past customs in time, because that takes weeks to process. The festival was scheduled over two weekends in late April and early May.
“There was no infrastructure to even support the equipment. They didn’t even have a loading dock, they had no understanding of what vehicles were on the island to even move the stuff off the ship once it got there,” said the supplier. “They said stuff like, ‘Don’t worry about customs; it’s only for a weekend, you don’t have to worry about customs.”
The toilet and shower supplier, who did not get the Fyre Festival contract, told the organizers it would cost north of $1 million just to order the equipment — a rush-order mark-up he unironically referred to as “disaster pricing.” That number did not include the cost of shipping the equipment to the island or the high cost of the barge needed to dispose of the wastewater created by thousands of people showering and using the toilet for four days.
By March, things were starting to get desperate. The festival was running low on cash, despite significant investments from a New York City socialite who also worked with McFarland on his failing millennial credit card company, Magnises.
“We started getting paid as wires from Billy’s account and one time [in January] we got paid in a wad of cash. They didn’t have any money. They kept paying the influencers and the models,” the employee said.
“They were trying to get us to use our own cards for the hotel rooms,” a member of the production team said. “And the owners were just walking around with giant wads of hundreds to pay people off.”
McFarland and Frye Media declined to comment for this story, but they’re far from done selling. On Monday festival organizers began circulating a form that offered ticket holders the option to get free tickets to the 2018 Fyre Festival in lieu of the refund they were promised.
Glanders (or farcy) is a disease that affects horses, and can be passed on to humans. Under this act horses with the disease can be culled and the owner gets a compensation for the loss of livelihood. Inspectors also have the power to “enter and search any field, building, or other place for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is therein any horse which is diseased.” As recently as 2011, this law was used to pay a compensation of Rs 50 to the owners of a horse affected by glanders. The horse cost the owners Rs 35,000 and helped them earn Rs 250 a day.
If you get ill while living at a hotel in India, the establishment has to report it to a police station under the Sarais Act. The innkeepers are also required to “to remove all noxious vegetation on or near the sarai (hotel), and all trees and branches of trees capable of affording to thieves means of entering or leaving” the premises.
Last year, hackers hit AT&T, exposing the unique ID numbers and e-mail addresses of more than 100,000 iPad 3G owners. To make it harder for hackers to get at this information, Path Intelligence scrambles those numbers twice.
"I'm sure as more people get more cell phones, it's probably inevitable that it will continue as a resource," Mulpuru said. "But I think the future is going to have to be opt in, not opt out."
Some obvious questions that are raised by this farce are: how is it possible for someone to park an APC on a main street in the city centre and outside the police HQ and get away with it? It suggests the police here are weak and in fear of these paramilitaries, or they are somehow coordinating with them on a more significant level than joint patrols around the city in the aftermath of Euromaidan. Should these “activists” get more active and violent, what are the chances of the police or other forces in the city halting them?
Basically, LePage hates and fears anyone who stands against his extremist agenda. And because in his case the perpetual debate over whether Republican politicians are stupid, evil, or both is answered with a resounding "probably both, but definitely stupid," you get a buffoon elected with 38 percent of the vote lashing out at a lot of targets much more respected than he is.
“We have to challenge this before it takes root... If Mueller gets fired, it would be destructive to our society in ways we can’t even fathom right now,” Shaub said.
If you enjoy reading The Daily Banter, please help support what we do and become a paid subscriber. You'll get access to all our long form Members Only content and the digital magazine Banter M, and you'll be contributing to truly independent media. Find out more here.
She added: “I’ve just had a baby, I’ve gone to my local doctors and told: ‘No, you can’t get antenatal classes now all the funding has been cut, you’ll have to pay and go private'.”
“Frankly it didn’t get that much attention,” Obama said of the peaceful movement sparked by the death of black man Freddie Gray, who died in police custody. “One burning building will be looped on television over and over and over again. The thousands of demonstrators who did it the right way, I think, have been lost in the discussion.”
The President said that he sensed a lot of police forces have realized “they’ve gotta get their arms around this thing and work with the community to solve the problem,” adding that his administration was looking to help.
“I’m under no illusion that under this Congress we’re gonna get massive investments in urban communities,” he said, but promised to try and work with the Congress on economic solutions to help cities implement solutions.
A new study has revealed the world's most and least stressful cities of 2017, based on factors including traffic levels, public transport, percentage of green spaces, financial status of citizens including debt levels, physical and mental health, and the hours of sunlight the city gets per year.
Dyer's son (J.R.) testified that one day as the crew drove through Villisca, Sawyer told him he would show J.R. where the man who killed the Moore family got out of town. He said the man that did the job jumped over a manure box which he pointed out about 1½ blocks away, and then showed where he crossed the railroad track. J.R. said there were footprints in the soggy ground north of the embankment. Sawyer told J.R. to look on the other side of the car and said he would show him an old tree where the murderer stepped into the creek. According to J.R. Dyer, he looked over and saw such a tree south of the track about four blocks away.
An idempotent operation is an operation that will always yield the same result when it’s called with the same input and ran on the same machine. Ansible runs on that concept, which means if you ran an Ansible task on the same machine multiple times you will get the same result and Ansible is smart enough to detect the first change and not repeat the operation multiple times.
To run the playbook, i will specify the dynamic inventory file (digital_ocean.py) to be used with ansible, which will communicate with DigitalOcean API to get information about the hosts, the running command will be like the following:
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
Of course, the abduction later turned out to be a "special performance" by the school staff, who even got the freaking police in on it, providing budget special effects in the form of sirens and flashing patrol car lights. Why? To stimulate the kids' imagination for writing assignments of course!
"Why didn't I get to go on the spaceship ride?!"
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed.
Ed Orgeron was successful as the interim coach for USC last year, but he did not get the full-time job. (Photo11: Ron Chenoy, USA TODAY Sports)
"I have a lot of good stories to tell," he says to the crowd, but then adds: "I've been out of work eight months, and somebody asks me, 'Coach, I'll bet you can't wait to get back to work! What are you missing?' I told him:
A few minutes later, while explaining his philosophy on recruiting, Orgeron says: "You've got to recruit the mama — and I'm good at that."
Until Orgeron gets that chance somewhere, he'll wait, back home in Mandeville, La. He says it's been good to be able to spend time with his wife and three sons, who have lived there since he spent the 2008 season with the New Orleans Saints. But the challenge has been to stay busy enough to avoid going stir-crazy.
Take last weekend. Orgeron watched his son Parker play for Mandeville High — "eight receptions for 103 yards," he notes. He got to the game really early, because he loves soaking up the atmosphere. But also because he misses the game.
After the Friday night lights, Orgeron got in a workout Saturday morning, then grilled steaks for a family football feast. He flipped channels all day long, from one game to another. Late that night — he would not miss it — he watched USC's win against Oregon State. Sunday, it was church, then the NFL. And then it was back to the weekdays.
"Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday can get a little sluggish," he says.
"We had an unbelievable turnaround," he says, and it was so good, he sincerely believed he might get the job. When it went to Steve Sarkisian, Orgeron went home to Mandeville.
"Really, not getting the job for me was like a divorce or a death in the family," he says a few moments later. "It was something you've kind of just got to get over, you know? I am now, in a positive way — but it just took a little while."
The dream of long-acting HIV drugs is becoming a reality each and every day, thanks to sophisticated medical breakthroughs. One of the newest drugs to get our attention has shown promise in creating HIV drugs that can be administered once or twice a year.
I feel like Marie Reyes is the Kim D of Real Housewives of Dallas. She brings nothing to the show and does whatever she can to get attention.
Marie needs to stop trying to bring down others just to get attention. It’s really not a good look on her at all – no matter who is operating the social media accounts. I’m also wondering if she even wrote her Bravo blog entry herself….
FINALLY, A TRADE JOKE! Former U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab sounded a little glum during a call on Friday to discuss the challenges and opportunities for the United Kingdom arising from its decision to the leave the European Union, and mused briefly on the trade discourse in the U.S. presidential campaign. But she leavened the mood by telling an old story — though if you’re like our Doug Palmer, you might have to look it up to get the joke.
It's also true that as a percentage of its revenue, Pandora's royalty payments are higher than any other platform's (that's why they're trying to get the law changed).
If Obama really thought the Accord was something Americans wanted, why didn’t he follow the Constitution and get Senate approval? His party held the reins then. Maybe because he thought he was too clever?
The Constitution requires the Senate to ratify treaties by a two-thirds supermajority in part to ensure that the United States speaks with a single, consistent voice on the international stage. It was President Obama who offered the world an unwise commitment for which he got nothing in return. It was Obama who refused to submit that commitment for Senate approval because he knew he did not have it.
...in 1970, President Richard M. Nixon signed a monstrosity known as the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. Think of it as “the treaty on treaties” -- even though you probably thought we already had an American law of treaties. Under Article 18 of the treaty on treaties, once a nation signs a treaty -- or merely does something that could be interpreted as “express[ing] its consent to be bound by the treaty” -- that nation is “obliged to refrain from acts which would defeat the object and purpose of the treaty.” In other words, the Constitution notwithstanding, once a presidential administration signs or otherwise signals assent to the terms of an international agreement, the United States must consider itself bound – even though the Senate has not approved it, even though it has not been ratified. If a subsequent president wants to get the United States out from under this counter-constitutional strait-jacket, it is not enough merely to refrain from submitting the treaty to the Senate. The later president must take an affirmative action that withdraws the prior president’s assent. That is why Trump cannot not just ignore the Paris agreement; he needs to openly and notoriously pull out of it.[snip] How does that square with the Constitution? Wrong question. The right one, apparently, is: Who needs the Constitution when you have the State Department? That bastion of transnational progressives advises that, despite the lack of ratification under our Constitution, “many” of the treaty on treaties’ provisions are binding as -- what else? -- “customary international law.” President Trump is taking a significant step in removing the United States from the Paris agreement. But the step should not be significant, or politically fraught, at all. President Obama’s eleventh-hour consent to the agreement’s terms should have been nothing more consequential than symbolic pom-pom waving at his fellow climate alarmists. It should have had no legal ramifications.
The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed, 69-year-old lady is so desperate to keep her self-image alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition. Her longtime loyalists are so happy to bustle around her in the service of maintaining the illusion that, after she takes an hour away from it all to exercise, her communications director, Nick Merrill, breathlessly updates her on everything that’s happened in the political world in the last threescore ticks of the minute hand. Her profiler, Rebecca Traister of New York magazine, obviously a great admirer but one who declines to throw herself overboard from reality for the sake of giving Hillary more company bobbing about in the sea of fancy, writes that Clinton “listens to the barrage of updates, nodding like a person whose job requires her to be up-to-date on what’s happening, even though it does not.” Ouch. Hillary Rodham Clinton isn’t merely in a state of denial. She has become Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense. Politically speaking, she is dead, but she doesn’t know it. Her staffers are so many Haley Joel Osments -- too kind (and too attached to their salaries) to tell her that her career is over. She doesn’t need briefings. She doesn’t need to do interviews. She doesn’t need to write the book she is writing (after so many indigestible volumes, why bother with one more?). She doesn’t need to stake out a politically nuanced position on James Comey’s firing or scramble to get out in front of the Resistance parade. She lost two exceedingly winnable presidential campaigns in Hindenburgian fashion. There is no demand for her to run again and there is nothing left for her except to receive whatever ceremonial honors and sinecures may come her way. She has been handed her political retirement papers by the American people. She’s done.
Even if Melendez doesn’t get the immediate title shot, there’s no doubting he’s only one win away from a crack at the belt. Maybe he fights Gray Maynard or Eddie Alvarez in a No. 1 contender’s matchup if Anthony Pettis defeats Donald Cerrone and the UFC elects to go with him for the title shot instead. But just from everything that’s been said already it seems like Melendez is the next guy who’s going to fight for the UFC lightweight title, and I for one can’t wait to see him and Henderson hook up. It’ll be a great fight.
Assuming Nate Marquardt defeats Tarec Saffiedine this Saturday night — and the fight is by no means a gimme, as the Belgian is a very underrated fighter and a tough out for anyone in the division — then he’ll move into the UFC’s welterweight division and he’ll immediately be a title contender. Although I don’t believe he’ll fight the winner of Georges St-Pierre vs. Nick Diaz for the UFC welterweight title right off the bat — I think Johny Hendricks is a lock to fight for the belt next should he get by Jake Ellenberger — I think the UFC is going to match up Marquardt in a No. 1 contender fight with either the winner of Jon Fitch vs. Demian Maia or Carlos Condit vs. Rory MacDonald, and if he wins that fight then he’ll get a title shot.
Marquardt was already a middleweight title contender in the UFC before he was unceremoniously let go in June 2011 so there’s no reason to think he can’t be a serious contender for the UFC welterweight crown. He looked amazing in his last outing against Tyron Woodley, and if he looks good again this weekend against Saffiedine in his second welterweight bout, he’ll have a ton of momentum behind him as he gets a second chance to fight the best in the world in the UFC.
Luke Rockhold was set to fight at the Stirkeforce finale this weekend but an injury prevented him from putting his belt on the line against Lorenz Larkin. And therein lies the problem with Rockhold — yes, he’s an incredible athlete and a fantastic fighter, but he’s also very injury prone, and we all know that you have to stay active and keep fighting if you’re to get a shot at a title in the UFC, because one injury puts you right at the back of the line (just ask Erik Koch or Rashad Evans about that). Still, Rockhold’s clearly one of the best middleweights in the world when he’s healthy, and he’ll likely have a lot of success in the UFC.
I don’t believe that Rockhold could defeat UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva, nor do I believe he could beat Chris Weidman, but I think he could get by Michael Bisping, Alan Belcher, Tim Boestsch, and Mark Munoz. And that’s still pretty good. I think Rockhold is going to do well in the UFC. He’s going to be a perennial top-10 middleweight, but ultimately I think he comes up short of the belt, although he may eventually get his shot at it. However, I don’t see him getting an immediate title shot in his first UFC fight.
A spokesman for the Conservative party, Fred Delorey, said in an email that "it's our job as a political party to get our supporters out to vote."
On this day, the New York Yankees were finishing up a three game road series against the division leading Boston Red Sox. For the Yankees, the game seemed meaningless as they trailed the Red Sox by 7.5 games in the AL East. However, this series marked the first time that Alex Rodriguez returned to Fenway Park after serving a hefty suspension for being convicted of using PEDs. A player who was already hated throughout the league because of his on and off field antics, ARod gave opposing fans a reason to boo even louder when he stepped up to bat. And that’s exactly what the Red Sox faithful did as ARod walked to the plate for his first at bat of the night. After throwing one pitch behind Rodriguez and two very inside, Ryan Dempster used his last pitch to hit Rodriguez right below the elbow. As Red Sox fans jumped to their feet and cheered, Joe Girardi threw an on field tantrum that would subsequently lead to his ejection. Fast forward two at bats later and ARod got his revenge as he redirected Dempster’s fastball into the centerfield seats. That seemingly meaningless game manifested into a playoff-like atmosphere. That’s exactly what the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry did, every game had a purpose. This, however, would be the beginning of end of one of the most exciting rivalries in professional sports.
But it takes more than talent to ignite this once fiery rivalry. As Mike Vaccaro wrote in his New York Post article, they are missing a necessary four letter word; hate. Hate is what drove this rivalry from good to great, from “exciting” baseball to “must watch” baseball. We need to see more hate. We need Aaron Judge to get into a fight with Sandy Leon after being intentionally throw at by Drew Pomeranz. We need Clint Frazier to slap the ball out of Rick Porcello’s hand in the late innings of a playoff game. We need Chris Sale to shove Tony Pena to the ground in the middle of a benches clearing brawl. We need boos and f*ck you’s. You take all of that and combine it with game changing plays, intense divisional matches, and all-or-nothing playoff scenarios, and you will see the fire return. This is what Boston and New York fans have been waiting for. Just show us a little hate coupled with competitive baseball and we’ll take care of the rest. We’ve been itching for this.
Bar carts are all the rage at the moment, and, like a nice mid-century coffee table, they can be really expensive. But all this hack from Blush and Jelly of the BYGEL utility cart (a mere $24.99) requires is some gold spray paint. Assemble the frame; spray it gold, waiting about 20 minutes between coats; let dry overnight, and add the remaining pieces. If you want to get even fancier, you can add a stemware rack, like this one from Bed Bath and Beyond.
Take the idea of a fort one step further by creating your very own hidden door. This hacker used two BILLY bookcases to get the job done.
Here’s where things got really interesting. After back-to-back Auburn touchdowns on consecutive possessions in 2OT and 3OT, Arkansas had its back against the wall again, trailing by eight points. After Allen hit Morgan on a short pass down to the 4-yard line the Hogs faced a 4th-and-2 from the 4. Offensive Coordinator Dan Enos continued his hot streak of dialing up just the right play at the right time. Counter flip to the left and Walker walks into the end zone. Touchdown. Not tied yet.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
The full Marvel January 2016 solicitations have been released and, over at SuperHeroHype.com, we’ve got a full gallery with more than 100 different comic book cover and official synopses for all the books hitting stores shelves first thing next year. Among a number of different surprises contained in the solicitations is this Captain America: Civil War comic book cover, showing off the key players from the May 6, 2016 release.
"We've called this piece of the land the bunker because he will now find it impossible to force a sale as there will be so many names on it," group spokesman Martin Glegg said Wednesday. "This is the prime slot that Trump wants and there is no way he can get it now."
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when he was shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged himself into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said his son, Jack, got under an SUV.
"He was just very calm. He was just walking and shooting," she said of the man, whom she described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts. She said he was using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers, one of whom yelled for her to get down.
This sounded great and got me wondering how it might compare to my go-to. Time to put this one to the test!
Using a Ss Brewtech glycol system, I chilled the wort from 65°F/18°C to my desired pitching temperature of 48°F/9°C in mere minutes, it was nuts. I then set the temperature to maintain 50°F/10°C and pitched 3 fresh packs of either WLP833 German Bock yeast or WLP838 Southern German Lager yeast into each batch. While this was a minor underpitch according to convention, I was happy to see fermentation activity from both the following evening, though the WLP838 batch seemed to require a couple more hours to get going than the WLP833 batch.
The alien anti-hero with the see-in-the-dark eyes is back, and just like in Pitch Black he's stranded on a planet where everything is trying to kill him. Unlike in Pitch Black, he's got a ton of bounty hunters on his tail as well.
Prognosis: The film came out in Canada (where it was made) last spring, and got mostly negative reviews.
Sylvester Stallone is an escape expert who gets locked in the most high-tech escape-proof prison of all time, and it turns out to be an evil conspiracy. Good thing he's locked in with the Terminator.
Prognosis: The first trailers have looked good, and Jennifer Lawrence is still note-perfect as Katniss. And we're excited to get more of Donald Sutherland as President Snow. But this is a tricky book to adapt for film, because the political maneuverings get more complicated. And it's an open question whether director Francis Lawrence (I Am Legend) can fill Gary Ross' shoes, especially given such a short turnaround time.
Prognosis: It looks cute, although it doesn't look like the dinosaurs have feathers in the trailer. It could be the a decent movie you can park your kids in front of, and get them interested in paleontology.
“We can get the exclusive content through renting it,” Staffieri said, according to a transcript from the event, adding that the company would “like to get the content without necessarily having the capital tied up on our balance sheet” but that no deal is imminent.
A spokeswoman for Rogers, Sarah Schmidt, said on Wednesday that the company “would like to surface value and get credit” for its “terrific sports assets.”
These two remain tied for our 10th spot. The GOP got some good news and bad news in the last month as top potential recruit Rep. Mike Rogers opted not to run but former secretary of state Terri Lynn Land jumped in the race. Republicans at least have a statewide winner on the ballot against Rep. Gary Peters (D), left. As for Georgia, Democrats are still waiting on Michelle Nunn to get in, and the crowded GOP primary field has yet to really take shape. Both remain uphill climbs for the opposition party. (Previous ranking: 10)
10. Georgia (Republican-controlled)/Michigan (Democratic-controlled) (tie) These two remain tied for our 10th spot. The GOP got some good news and bad news in the last month as top potential recruit Rep. Mike Rogers opted not to run but former secretary of state Terri Lynn Land jumped in the race. Republicans at least have a statewide winner on the ballot against Rep. Gary Peters (D), left. As for Georgia, Democrats are still waiting on Michelle Nunn to get in, and the crowded GOP primary field has yet to really take shape. Both remain uphill climbs for the opposition party. (Previous ranking: 10) Carlos Osorio/AP
Emerging from a private huddle with members of the Finance Committee, Baucus acknowledged the news but declined to formally confirm it, saying he had to go address his staff. "You guys are really good. You get wind of stuff awfully quickly," Baucus told reporters. "Which means it's sort of changed my schedule today. ... I've got people I need to talk to first."
"That's kind of weird, it's kind of an anomaly," Byrd said. "If we do get you to third down, watch out."
"We gotta get better. I mean, it's obvious, it's kind of a no-brainer. We just gotta get better. We just gotta stop giving up the big plays. We make the good plays, and then we give up some bonehead type plays, you know?"
The pass rush was way too easy on Mariota last week with zero sacks. And the injury-riddled linebacking corps got burned repeatedly by tight ends.
"I think it fits who we are from a corner perspective, when you look at our size and you're talking about Keenan, Brandon and Breaux," Payton said. "Now, the nuances within it, and there are quite a few, we've got to be better at."
"I wouldn't say that's a great thing at this point. Sitting at 4-5, fighting to get back to .500, lost to a team that we shouldn't have lost to," said Jordan, who was still very salty over losing to the Titans, who were 1-6 heading into the game.
When a bull calf was born, for example, he immediately started carrying it around, and then, echoing Milo of Croton, went on to lift the calf every day, getting stronger as the calf got heavier.
I don’t think there was any racism until Obama got elected. We never had problems like this … If you’re black and you haven’t been successful in the last 50 years, it’s your own fault. You’ve had every opportunity, it was given to you. You’ve had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn’t have. You had all the advantages and didn’t take advantage of it. It’s not our fault, certainly.
If you enjoyed reading this post, would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie? The goal is $50,000, and to date, 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $36,348! Just $5 or $10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift! Click here to donate today!
"For the very first time, [Mitch] sat me down last week to talk about what he's got and where he's going and what do I think. As a fan of the show, I was vibrating with excitement that he was pulling me behind the curtain. So I can confirm what his update was, which was that he is very deep into the work on it and the odds of him getting it done before the end of the year, as he says he wants to, are good."
Bateman went on to say that he is uncertain why it took the project so long to get off the ground, adding: "It is embarrassing. We are embarrassed."
What's most baffling about the way that Dark Tower unfolds on the big screen is that it's clearly designed to be the first chapter in a longer filmed series. On Thursday, The Hollywood Reporter broke the news that the Dark Tower TV series now has a showrunner. The plan has always been for a show to follow the first movie (before once again shifting back to another film), but even if Dark Tower always planned to shift from film to TV, it's hard to grasp why the film isn't just a direct adaptation of The Gunslinger, the opening salvo in the franchise, as opposed to something that sometimes calls to mind The Last Action Hero, with a larger-than-life hero reacting as a fish-out-of-water to the way that the real world operates. The resulting film is strangely, painfully lifeless outside of the gruff and firm performance from Elba as Roland. It may seem impossible to imagine a film where McConaughey appears less seductively charismatic than flat-out bored, but even in a role of innate cruelty and villainy, that's what you get from him, and from the film itself.
As Vox explains, the deal gets rid of the former part - as state and local agencies in North Carolina can no longer regulate access to public facilities - but, for the same reason, it also prevents them to set up more inclusive policies. On the other hand, the deal would also continue to prohibit local governments from passing non-discrimination laws until December 1, 2020.
After publishing the main book, she followed it up with a smaller set of images she calls Tactile Atelier Bookmark. Referring to her picture of a woman’s posterior with panties on, which you can see below, Murphy said, “The butt was really hard to sculpt. I wanted to get it nice and even and give it a feminine softness so it would actually feel like a woman’s butt. It took me days to sculpt all the curves right, but I’m told it does feel like a woman’s butt in a G-string.”
Instead of buying, boosting, or starting mainstream media outlets, the primary response of conservatives to counter perceived bias against them in the press has been to purchase television, radio, and direct mail advertising. This has primarily been at the behest of failed political consultants who tell candidates and interest groups that they can get the perfect “messaging” which will be able to magically neutralize months of negative press and also cancel out the themes being put out by the opposition.
A survey commissioned for the Republican-allied Crossroads Generation group focusing on younger voters found that only about 25 percent of respondents said they used TV ads as a source of political news. This was lower than the number of young people who said they got their news from comedy programs like The Daily Show in a separate survey commissioned by the College Republican National Committee.
Some ads can indeed be useful tools to increase turnout but to suppose that spending vast sums of money on “negative” ads designed to get around liberal media bias is sound strategy is simply incorrect.
On Iran, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney suggested that the U.S. government should make it “very clear that the United States of America is willing, in the final analysis, if necessary, to take military action to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.” Little did Romney realize that the AP is the final arbiter of America’s tactical military capabilities and can say with certainty that a military attack on Iran’s nuclear program should not be attempted. “The U.S. certainly has military force readily at hand to destroy Iran’s known nuclear development sites in short order. This is highly unlikely, however, because of the strategic calculation that an attack would be counterproductive and ultimately ineffective, spawning retaliation against U.S. allies and forces in the region, and merely delaying eventual nuclear weapons development.” Also fortunate for the savvy news consumer, the AP apparently has a better grasp of what America’s intelligence agencies do and do not know than Newt Gingrich, a man who used to be third in line for the presidency and has received countless classified intelligence briefings. At the debate, Gingrich suggested that there was room for improvement at America’s intelligence agencies, and noted in particular that we don’t have a reliable intelligence operation in Pakistan. The AP sprang to the defense of the CIA: “The U.S. killing of a succession of al Qaeda figures in Pakistan, none more prized by America than Osama bin Laden, demonstrates that the United States indeed gets vital and reliable intelligence out of Pakistan. While it may have been true when Gingrich left government in 1999 that the CIA’s spy network was limited, since 2001 the agency has dramatically expanded its on-the-ground operations worldwide,” the AP “fact check” concluded. The fact that bin Laden, the most wanted man on the planet, was living in a compound in Pakistan possibly for years may seem like a sign that our intelligence sources in the country leave something to be desired—but guess again, Newt.
Before we get into the criticism, first some background. The ad featured a woman identified as “Julie, mother of two.” She tells the story of her own experiences with the American medical system and how she is concerned about how the massive Obamacare law’s massive changes might affect her. Here is the full text:
Two years ago, my son Caleb began having seizures. The medical care he received meant the world to me. Now, I’m paying more attention. And I have some questions about Obamacare. If we can’t pick our own doctor, how do I know my family is going to get the care they need? And what am I getting in exchange for higher premiums and a smaller paycheck? Can I really trust the folks in Washington with my family’s health care? I think we all deserve some answers.
Conservative health care ideas (to the extent they even exist) have their own problems but it was legitimate for AFP to at least get people thinking about the current law. Left-leaning journalists strongly disagreed. Almost instantly after the ad campaign was announced, establishment media journalists set out to attack it.
But Trump, who will say just about anything to get in front of a camera, isn’t the only prominent Republican giving voice to such sentiments. Competing presidential nominee Marco Rubio of Florida did Trump one better—he said he would close not just mosques, but cafés, diners and Internet sites. Ben Carson, the neurosurgeon who had at one point closely trailed Trump in the polls but is now slipping, has compared Syrian refugees to “rabid dogs.”
Halak’s season was shortened by injuries, but if he can get back to his 2011 form (just like as with Elliot), St. Louis will have the dynamic pairing in net they once had. Halak has had success, but will have to win the starting job back from Brian Elliot.
Elliot took over for Jaroslav Halak as the starting goalie in St. Louis due to an injury. Coming off of a Jennings trophy the season prior, the goaltending for the Blues took a big hit. Elliot had a decent performance, but it’s not close to his 2011 season. If he can get back to playing that way, he will earn his nineteenth slot on this list.
Luongo’s tenure in Vancouver has been odd to say the least. Management promises a trade, then trade’s the other guy. Either way, new coach JohnTortorella hopes to rejuvenate Roberto’s career, and get him back to Stanley Cup form. It can happen, it’s just remained to be seen.
Ever heard of Pine Mouth Syndrome? It’s this strange condition some people get when they eat pine nuts — in the opinion of some, though, it only happens with pine nuts harvested in China (which account for most in the US market). In 2010, we made some pesto, but I was the only one who ate it. I had this awful metallic taste in my mouth for a couple of weeks. (“Metallogeusia” is the condition of having a metallic taste in your mouth). We found out later, at our food co-op, that some people have had these complaints with Chinese-grown pine nuts. They switched back to the more expensive European pine nuts, and had no complaints. If you read the linked-to article above, you’ll see that scientists have been able to find no chemical difference between pine nuts that trigger metallogeusia, and those that do not.
But, undeterred by any actual meaning, still those politicians love their British Values, because it’s just so bloody convenient for them. It allows them to be so very vague about what their principles actually are while at the same time managing get all misty-eyed and patriotic about their country. In the ever-narrowing centre ground of mainstream parliamentary politics, it’s the perfect platitude, an uncontroversial way to say “I like good things, I don’t like bad things, and I threaten no-one.” That is until recently. My hope is that now several issues, not least the independence referendum, can lead more and more people to reject British values, or more accurately to question if national values actually have any use or make any sense at all.
It’s worth stressing that the term as most often used is completely vacuous. Ed Milliband, for example, is often fond of citing ‘British values’ as a catch-all term for everything decent about him, his party, and the good people he wants to vote for them. This is a way to detract from ‘red Ed’ tabloid jibes, and means nothing of substance other than ‘not scary.’ Gordon Brown was the very same of course, though given his further unfortunate disability of a Scottish accent he had to go much harder on it, leading to such absurdities as the proposed ‘Britishness Day’ and his claim that his favourite footballing moment of all time was when Paul Gascoigne scored for England against Scotland in 1996. It’s true that when ‘Britishness’ gets pushed far enough for a definition it often ends up in depictions of England and Englishness, given that is the governing interest in the union, as served here in Brown’s attempt not to seem threatening to the UK’s deciding voting base. But as unusual as a self-proclaimed Scottish football fan enjoying Scotland getting beaten by their local rival seems, still none of this amounts to a political or moral ‘value’ as such, and is still vacuous.
So in this case, it’s easy: I denounce British values. They do not apply to me whatsoever. They don’t apply to anyone I know, quite possibly to anyone I’ve ever met. I want the institutions which define them to be constitutionally separated from the state that I take part in electing at the ballot box, and the people of the country that I live in to be sovereign. I have a fantastic opportunity to help that happen soon by voting Yes. But say the Daily Mail definition isn’t correct, and like Alistair Campbell claims, these are the wrong British values, then still all that we’re left with are those platitudes of the careerist politicians frightened for their Westminster salaries and second homes. We have a choice between a highly authoritarian cult of the elite and screeds of nicey-nicey nothingness. And I denounce those British values too. I denounce the British values of ‘common decency’ and ‘fair play’ when they are used in this context to say absolutely nothing and serve only to get in the way of what is actually at stake in the world. I certainly don’t hate Britain, but it makes some kind of sense to me if this means that I don’t have a British identity – and so be it.
The fact that Scottish interests and, yes, the values of those people, whatever they may be, should be reflected in a government of its own is not necessarily a result of having superior values or more pressing priorities, but of having undeniably distinct ones. It is un-democratic that they are not reflected in how we are governed. That’s it. Maybe in an independent Scotland we can get shot of these inadequate ideas of national values and finally accept that class and the power structures in place in a capitalist society are the things that really define what seperates people, are the things that really explain conflict and define the values of our age. If not, at least things like the Bedroom Tax can’t be imposed on a clearly defined population which has again so clearly voted against it.
This happens every year in Florida and North Carolina. And twisters in the Midwest. And you wonder why the red states don’t believe in global warming. What do you expect? They’ve been getting their houses thrown around since Auntie Em’s place got lit up back in the 30s and you think they want to put in tax dollars to save a place that tries to kill them every year?
The planet needs to realize that this is a two-way street. You throw earthquakes, that’s fine. We all get crazy. I get it. But without us, you’d be like Mars: an empty planet that gets excited because somebody discovered a little bit of water. Don’t forget: we made you just like you made us. We need each other. And guess what, beautiful planet – you’re not that beautiful. A couple of mountain ranges, a Grand Canyon and maybe a few waterfalls ... but the rest of you is plain Jane or unattractive. I’d give you a six or six and a half, so get over yourself.
Not only did I recieve a new sketch book with some pencil sets, as well as a literal pile of notebooks to write in, I also got two new dice sets to replace the ones my cats have been trying to decimate by spreading them under every piece of furniture in the house! I love the colors and can't wait to see how well they roll!
“Viral video owners get frustrated when they see their clips used without permission, and Jukin is here to help. We always try to work out a compromise when business disputes like this arise,” said Jonathan Skogmo in a statement.
SPICER: No, I didn’t — no, no, no, no. I never — no one said delayed. No, no. There’s a sea of — no, no, there’s two budget processes: Right now, we’re going to end FY17 this week. We’re hoping to continue to get funding in that, as the president laid out, for both border security and Homeland Security and national defense, as we’ve always maintained. And then when we come to FY15 — excuse me, FY18 that starts at the end of Sept — or beginning of October, end of September, in that next budget we’ll go for the next group of money. But —
SPICER: The president’s priorities are clear for FY17. There’s a lot of things we can do in FY — in the remaining months, up until the end of September, for planning and making sure that we get everything that we need — funding that we need for that aspect of things, and then as we go into FY18, we’ll continue to ask for more. I don’t think anything has changed.
SPICER: Look, we’re going to — I’m not going to get — there are — we’re still in discussions with the House and Senate leadership, but I think the president’s been very clear that he wants a wall. He wants it done as soon as we can do it. He has — there are things that we need to do to protect our country, like human trafficking, the flow of illegal drugs and gangs, that are going to make sure that while we’ve achieved a significant drop in illegal alien border crossings — down 61 percent since January — this is something that’s in our country’s long-term national security interest.
SPICER: No, that’s — it’s not a question of wait until the fall. I think there’s a lot of things that have to happen. It’s like any construction. Well, you’ve got to start doing some planning and things. And, so, we will take the first steps now and then we will continue to seek funding through the FY18 and further budgets to make sure that the actual — it is completed.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
116 characters. This is adapted from Rosetta Code (‘Other version’). The most evil thing here was to use 1.4 as the square root of 2, so as to get both the code and the picture into the tweet. In future I’ll tweet the program and picture separately.
While all this was going on, Tom heard the man with the scruffy hair say: ‘He’s got to go back.’ This came as a blow: he remembers desperately wanting to stay.
The thing that we saw in 2015 was that it was very difficult for a professional player to really stand out and to get noticed in a system where there were a lot of players from Korea in this space. You know, Korea has just always been a very dominant and fierce country when it comes to eSports—they’re just so, so good. And there probably aren’t enough tournaments out there to really accommodate all their skill. So what we saw was not enough growth in other regions, because there weren’t enough moments where we saw—for example in Krakow last year for the Season 3 finals—a moment that was like ‘wow, this is amazing, look at the Polish crowd cheer on MaNa in the finals and there is Lilbow as well’ and it’s just so great to see that energy and to see local heroes shine and these players played really, really well, they took out Hydra and Polt. So how do you cultivate that? I think that influenced a lot of our changes and that is why we decided to go the route of two different ranking systems.
These are probably the biggest reasons behind these changes and we thought with Legacy of the Void was a great opportunity to do a change like that. What else did we consider? We could have made not a lot of changes at all, but then it probably would’ve taken longer to get players inspired to compete.
Kim Phan: Yes, we did consider so many options and this was one of the things we considered as well. But—as you mentioned drastic changes before—we thought going back to a system from 2012 would have been too drastic. Also in order to put together 2012 we had to get a lot of events from all over the world together and from the feedback we got about this it was really hard to follow. It was great for the people who followed their own region and got to see their own heroes, but to follow the stories from across the world was really difficult for a lot of people. So that was something we were mindful of. How can we make the stories easy to follow? So the system now—although it seems like it has two different stories—provides one story here. So you are still able to see Stephano do his flag waving, like Lilbow did now. So I think we have a little bit of a mix of both now, because our Championships will be at live events, so we have more of those moments, but they all have to compete against each other to see who is the best.
Kim Phan: Yes, we get a lot of feedback from the community, we continue to do so—of course a big thanks to the teamliquid community and just the StarCraft community as a whole for always telling us what they’re thinking. We are seeing a lot of incoming players rising, and I think that’s exciting, fresh blood is always good, and you are seeing some surprises with Legacy of the Void being so different, people love playing it, so I heard a lot of positive feedback about the game and how it affected eSports.
Kim Phan: Yeah, where Stephano almost all-killed them. So I am excited about this. That event gives me hope, that as the skill level of the western players get better and better and better, that’s going to be cool to see. And what else was it? Nation Wars?
Kim Phan: We will continue to support Korean eSports, we know that that’s where the talent is—and you kind of hit it right there I think, you can’t stop players from retiring, it’s always going to happen. StarCraft is a lot about speed and APM and if you don’t play a lot you’re going to fall behind very quickly. So how do you get the next group of people coming in? We’ve been working with organizers in Korea to build more grassroots tournaments and to help growing that talent. There are things we are already doing, a lot of it behind the scenes which people might not realize as well. The point is something I agree with and we’re working towards improving things.
NinjaToss Profile Blog Joined October 2015 Austria 1378 Posts #6 I know KeSPA is actually doing some amateur SCII league and it's casted by Canata and he post the games in his channel. It's really nice of Blizzard to show us that they cares, sometimes it's all that matters I'm sorry for all those that got their hearts broken by Zest | Zest, Bisu, soO, herO, MC, Maru, TY, Rogue, Trap, TaeJa", Favourite foreigners: ShoWTimE, Snute, Serral and Nerchio| KT BEST KT |
▼But how on earth did he get his hand looking so beautifully feminine? First, the skin tone is differentiated using pale foundation…
How about other cute couple scenarios? Such as the classic picnic in the park. The guy falls asleep after their picnic lunch, and the girlfriend gets bored and amuses herself taking silly pics of him napping. She can’t wait to show him as soon as he wakes up! He’ll probably pretend to be annoyed, and they’ll have a little tussle…
It happened in front of fellow environment officer Robert Strange, who pleaded with the 81-year old to let them go, so he could get help for his seriously wounded colleague.
"We're never going to be able to fill the void that's been left in our lives but we got the right result," she said outside the court.
Unsatisfied with the response he got from DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson this week, Kemp fired off a letter Wednesday to loop in President-elect Donald Trump.
"We just need to ask the new administration to take a look at this and make sure that we get the truth the people of Georgia are deserving to know that and really demanding it,” Kemp said.
In an account provided to Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) in June — but made public only last week — the whistleblower said Alex Copson, a top official at ACU Strategic Partners, bragged on Inauguration Day about his relationship with Flynn, at one point flipping around his phone to reveal the text about the deal to build nuclear plants across the Middle East. The whistleblower also said Copson said sanctions against Russia would be “ripped up” to make room for the deal. But in a letter to Cummings dated Friday, Thomas Cochran, a top ACU official, said the whistleblower’s account was inaccurate, attaching AT&T phone records that he said show Copson did not get a text from Flynn that day. […] He said that text was from a friend who attended the same function where the whistleblower claimed to witness Copson’s boasting.
“People were saying, ‘It takes me a while to get to own properties,’ ” Ms. Ritson-Parsons said. “Well, it’s going to if you don’t auction it.”
– Buzzards Bay Coalition’s Wheeler Bay Learning Center (114 Front Street) to learn all about plankton. Discover what makes this beloved cartoon villain and microscopic organism so important to your everyday life. You’ll also get the chance to build a plankton ornament and walk away with some big love for some small creatures. 5:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Five months later, very little is left of the popular mandate which Syriza got on January 25 to put an end to austerity policies and the Memoranda signed by previous governments. One is justified in asking, even from the point of view of the supporters of the government’s negotiating tactics, whether it was worth waiting all this time, if in the end the demands of the troika have been met.
There is now talk by the European Union of providing Greece with 35 bn euro worth of aid programs, perhaps with the aim of softening the blow and helping the government get these measures passed.
TL;DR; Qtum integrated the EVM onto a UTXO based blockchain, and writing contracts for this should be just as easy as Ethereum, but you get the benefits of the UTXO model. These benefits include mobile/light wallet support by SPV, a more stable model (whereas Ethereum has forked many times to fix problems with this), and compatibility with existing Bitcoin tools and protocols.
Warmer water doesn’t mix well with colder water. As the surface warms, the phytoplankton that float around up there most of the time don’t get down deep as often, and those little guys are responsible for about half of the oxygen in the ocean.
Until the recent study, blaming climate change on the dropping levels of oxygen in the ocean was a tough sell, even to those who aren’t turning a blind eye to one of the hugest problems humans have ever faced. It was a tough sell because it was almost impossible to prove in nature. When it’s windy, for example, it churns everything up, making it nearly impossible to get an accurate measurement over a long period time. Long’s study cut out the variables of Mother Nature and all her vagaries. “This new study tells us when we can expect the impact from climate change to overwhelm the natural variability,” he said.
“I get very hangry if I miss a meal.”
The most important thing in my food plan, is that I actually eat. For many years I didn’t get hunger pains, I got nausea. Which, I recently learned, is quite common. I never “wanted” to eat. Too nauseous, tired, and pained to cook anything, I essentially lived on coffee and cookies during the day until about 5 years ago.
My “voodoo doll” pain was virtually eliminated (I get a feeling like I’ve been stabbed by a needle at random points on my body – when it happens, I cry out “Somebody’s got my voodoo doll!” It helps to laugh.)
The ‘legs giving out’ feeling I get from POTS when brushing my teeth was reduced.
I’ve only had 4 migraines since I started. I used to get them monthly.
A lot of people stress out about books and recipes for their chosen elimination diet, I didn’t have the headspace for that. I got a list of what was “allowed” on Autoimmune Paleo diet and I just started cooking with only those ingredients. I know which meats, veggies and spices I can have and I throw them together in one way or another. After I got to a point where I felt better, I would try and add things in. Bell peppers didn’t make the cut but hummus did, I use it as a salad dressing :). If you need help getting creative in the kitchen, I highly recommend watching episodes of Chopped, a cooking competition where the chefs are forced to cook with weird ingredients (and a normal pantry.)
I shop at 3 different grocery stores – Costco (big box), Sprouts (local produce) and Vons (mostly for my kid’s food). They take center stage in 3 columns. I have some things I get on Amazon, at the Indian Market and the Dispensary, but not every week, that are off to the side. They’re organized on the list in the order that I walk through the store. Sometimes I miss something and have to go back but, having the list laid out in the order you walk the store, cuts down on the brain fog that can leave you walking back and forth across the store several times.
5 copies will get you through 5 weeks, that way you can edit the list if you need to before printing it again. When I run low on something that’s not on my static list, I grab a pen out of the drawer and simply add it to the list stuck to the fridge. Things I don’t need to buy that week get crossed out and I base the rest of the list on Tip #4…
Ahead of my Saturday grocery shopping I decide what I’m going to have for meals for the entire week. I try to design a lunch meal that’s interesting enough that I won’t get sick of having it 5 days in a row. I want it to have a lot of nutrients because dinner is with the whole family. I pretty much let my boys decide what I’m making on the days they’re with me and sometimes there are no vegetables on the table :-0 and there’s even, gasp, pasta. Good thing is when I’m making salad for lunches, I can make extra salad mix for an easy dinner salad if I want to. And, I know if I’ve got a nutrient filled lunch, one dinner of only buffalo style chicken wings isn’t going to derail me (and yes, butter and hot sauce are both tolerated – at least for wings – woo hoo!).
Meal prep – don’t get caught without food
My knife, peeler, strainer and storage containers are another story. Fortunately someone gifted me with a set of Cutco knives a few decades ago and those suckers are still amazing. Sent them in a year ago for sharpening and for $7 I got back sharp knives and even a replacement pair of scissors. Can’t say enough good things about them. They’re selling them now at Costco I noticed but, they’re lifetime knives, so I won’t be needing replacements. I like my fat Kitchen Aid peeler, it’s easier on my weak hands. My Nuwave Ovens give me grilled outside food right in my kitchen, without overheating the room. The Debbie Meyer green boxes are amazing, having fresh fruit and salad on Thursday that you made on Saturday is just priceless.
Figure out the best way to explain what you’re doing, why you’re doing it and what food you will be able to eat, and get key people on board with you.
I’m not saying become a proselytizer and try to convert everyone over to your diet of choice, I’m saying inform the people you eat with/around regularly (family, friends, co-workers) what you are doing and why. It’s easy, you just say, “So, I heard that some people who have the same issues I do are having success feeling better on ___________ diet. I’m going to try it. I can have ______, _____ and _____. You don’t have to do anything special but I wanted you to know so you don’t get offended if you offer me something that is on my no-eat list.” That’s it. Unless you’re trying to get the whole family on board… that’s a whole other post, sorry.
Even the tiniest of comments can help us get an idea.
The amount of time the father spent with the child or got involved in domestic chores was not as significant as these two factors.
Howling Mine is one of those cards that seems to creep up every couple of years to kick butt at some National Championships or sneak a couple of roguish Izzet decks into the Top 8 of a Standard Pro Tour. It is a "symmetrical" card, and worse yet, gives your opponent the first chance to draw the extra card (back in the days of Turbo Stasis, the worst was when you played Howling Mine, the opponent drew two, and then Disenchanted your key engine piece - up a card - before you ever had a chance yourself). How can it be good? Isn't Henke's deck just a bad look at Boros? And what about Owling Mine from Honolulu? Is it any wonder that Antoine and Tiago got face planted as badly as they did by the tournament finalists?
Even before we got the amazingBlock lands, the twenty dollar Steam Vents and all-star common Orzhov Basilica s, mana and non-basic lands in general were already a hot button issue. How many basics? How many Centers to this particular Sea?
Vore is a mana control deck that wants to keep the opponent at four or five lands so that when Wildfire hits, his mana base will be - hopefully irrevocably - crippled. Oboro and Minamo are generally played by control decks, decks that can fight Vore's land destruction and rob the deck of the tempo it needs to get the advantage required to win on Wildfire or Magnivore. Against these decks, Oboro and Minamo are just Strip Mine.
However the decks that play Shinka are the decks that are most likely to kick Vore's butt. Vore can't get in an early game shootout with a beatdown deck. Rather than giving Vore a conditional Strip Mine as the blue Legendary Lands do, Shinka just puts Vore in the spot that it will be manascrewed at the wrong time. The little twist here is to not play an ostensible automatic inclusion because the land destruction deck sometimes doesn't want to trade lands.
Tsuyoshi Fujita's burn base for Zoo Pants at Pro Tour--Honolulu was four Shock, four Volcanic Hammer, four Lightning Helix, four Char, and four Flames of the Blood Hand… one third of the influential 20/20/20 lineup that has been the baseline for any number of Boros and Zoo decks since. The introduction of Seal of Fire in Dissension might have had you thinking that Shock would get the boot (hey, that's how it works in Extended), or failing that, Flames of the Blood Hand (the least efficient of the group, and great only in a Hierarch format, which the post-Dissension Standard was never and is today not). However, in a maddening twist of tuning, it has been increasingly common to see Volcanic Hammer leave, Shock stay, and the lowly Giant Growth get played in recent lists.
Fact or Fiction, one of the most fearsome cards in the modern Blue arsenal, gets played because it is essentially three cards - with selection - for four mana. The piles are going to go 0-5 (only when he has some kind of Storm Seeker, let's be honest), 1-4 (the big Impulse), or 2-3 (the customary split)... You can always get three cards if you just want three cards. After spending a card (the Fact or Fiction), you end up +2.
The permanence of Remand is something that is sometimes annoying and sometimes irrelevant. Many of the Standard decks that pack Remand, such as 'Tron, Heartbeat, and Vore, will just kill you the next turn, so the fact that you would otherwise get a chance to re-play your spell after a late game Remand is completely irrelevant. Remand is perfect because in the early game it gives control players the time and mana they need to get to the endgame, and on the second-to-last turn, it actually steal's the opponent's shot at an answer.
When you have a spell on the stack and the opponent decides he wants to pick a fight, if it looks like you can't win the counter war, it is often a better idea to Remand your own threat. Sometimes he has Hinder on the stack and three open... If you Remand him, he is just going to re-cast the Hinder. If you Remand your own spell, you at least have a chance of fighting another day. The economy here is awesome. The opponent is down his Hinder (and whatever other counters he has committed to this little war... who knows at what point you decided that Remand was the right course of action) and you get back your initial threat card (or some counter you would rather have back) and if not the Remand, whatever the Remand and your deck decide they want to give you.
One of the strong artifact interactions of the Kuroda-style Red deck that Josh Ravitz used to make Top 8 of last year's U.S. National Championship was Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast. Josh would flip the Top, and with the draw on the stack, sacrifice the Top to face the opponent for five. This didn't net card advantage, but it kept him even because even though the Top didn't actually make it to the top of Josh's library, the game still gave him a card. Two mana to deal five damage to a creature or player with no drawback and digging a card deeper in your deck? This is the kind of "little thing" that you have to know to get maximum advantage from your cards.
Today, there is a similar tactic, reminiscent of both Mishra's Bauble plus Remand and Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast: Sensei's Divining Top plus Repeal. With this play, you flip your Top to draw a card, but with the draw on the stack, Repeal your own Top. You get your Top in hand, your Repeal replacement, and the card you were supposed to get from the Top. Rather than smashing the opponent for one quarter of his life total, this one just nets cards.
Explorers were instructed on how to quiet an obstreperous lookout. “Put him on his face and put a knee in his back,” a Border Patrol agent explained. “I guarantee that he’ll shut up.” “Cathy Noriego, also 16, said she was attracted by the guns. The group uses compressed-air guns — known as airsoft guns, which fire tiny plastic pellets — in the training exercises, and sometimes they shoot real guns on a closed range. “I like shooting them,” Cathy said. “I like the sound they make. It gets me excited.””
How the legendary writer got his start in T.O.
The young writer would soon find his voice, however. In “Lieutenants’ Mustaches,” written for the Star just two months after his initial offering, an inchoate form of the “Hemingway style” begins to emerge. The piece, like so much of Hemingway’s later short fiction, is composed mainly of dialogue. Its terse-speaking characters—two returned veterans—are stoic and masculine. Little of what they think or feel is spoken of directly or addressed by the narrator—a narrative technique that Hemingway dubbed the “iceberg theory” of composition, and on which he would expatiate in 1932’s Death in the Afternoon. Themes and leitmotifs that appear in Hemingway’s early novels and short stories (a reluctance to speak of the war directly, contempt for those who did not fight, and reflections on the pointlessness of war generally) are present in the short piece. “We didn’t get nothing permanent good out of the war,” one of the veterans remarks, “except for the lieutenant’s mustaches. Plenty of them about.”
He was feeling a strange tight feeling inside himself and he was seeing things. He saw broad fields sloping away and he smelt the odor of bacon being fried early in the morning. He heard the pounding that thoroughbred horses’ hoofs make as they sweep down in a pack toward a fence and he saw that glimpse of a pleasant country that a man gets as he is on rises over a fence full in a pounding gallop. He saw a big square bed with linen sheets and a small boy tucked in the bed listening while someone sat on the bed and stroked his head and talked to him. And he saw a small boy rising early in the morning and going downstairs to start out across the frost-rimmed fields with his dog and his gun.
1. Apparently, Ohio is also passing an abortion ban, presumably to create the jobs they keep saying is their priority. Miri has the details and is encouraging people to call John Kaisich and tell him to line-item veto that provision from the budget bill. I encourage you to go over there and get the details on how. I just did, and I don’t even think modern Republicans ever give a shit about public opinion, but it didn’t hurt me. The part that gets me, however, is this bit:
Doctors must inform patients seeking abortions exactly how much money the clinic made from abortions within the past year, and how much money the clinic stands to lose if the patient chooses not to get an abortion. In case it’s unclear, the point of this is to warn patients that there is a “conflict of interest” involved in providing abortions because clinics can make money from them. This is ridiculous because any medical procedure can make money for doctors and hospitals.
3. This is the boy I wish I was when I was 13. In fact, this is the boy I wished I was when I was 13. Will Phillips has been a social justice activist since he was 10 years old. Matt Barber has questioned his motivations and suggested he’s been “brainwashed” (which is wingnut speak for “taught that other people matter”). He initially got famous for refusing to say the Pledge because he didn’t feel that we did have “liberty and justice for all.” Most recently, he spoke at the Northwest Arkansas Pride Parade. This kid is amazing and has a bright future ahead of him. Go read about him now.
The thing is, it sounds a lot like BDSM. However, my experience has taught me that I can’t trust that Christianists aren’t lying when they say stuff like “consensual”, and there is a question of whether a lifetime’s worth of being told that this is the natural order of things leaves a person in a position to meaningfully consent or not. However, giving the women involved in this the benefit of the doubt, I see nothing on their website about wives who want to exit this “consensual” arrangement, or merely drop that aspect of it without getting a divorce. I also see no mention of safe words and very little in the way of safety instructions to keep husbands from going too far (I suppose god will stop them?), which means it is very, very, very not BDSM. Essentially, as a Dom/sub relationship with a religious play component, this could be really hot. As a lifestyle with no escape routes, no safety instructions, and no apparent care for the lives of women who get into this other than value paternalistic nonsense, it sounds both dangerous and abusive, despite claims that it is not (because saying that something is not abusive/racist/homophobic/otherwise awful totes makes it true).
AMD is back in the desktop CPU game with its Ryzen family of processors, thanks to successes with per-core performance and energy efficiency brought about by its "Zen" micro-architecture. The company launched its Ryzen processor family with the top-end Ryzen 7 series, which consists of eight-core models that start at $329 and go all the way up to $499. These chips do manage to make you think twice before choosing an Intel Core i7-7700K quad-core chip, and makes the Core i7 "Broadwell-E" series look terrible, all the way up to the $1,199 i7-6900K. On the brink of Summer 2017, AMD launched the Ryzen 5 line of performance-segment processors to capture key price-points ranging between $170 and $250.The Ryzen 5 series from AMD competes with the entire spectrum of Intel's Core i5 quad-core "Kaby Lake" series, at prices ranging from $170 to $250. This puts Intel's high-volume Core i5-7600K and value-oriented i5-7400 in its crosshairs. Carved out of the same 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon as the eight-core Ryzen 7 series, the Ryzen 5 series consists of six-core and quad-core SKUs, which are further bolstered by SMT (simultaneous multi-threading) and unlocked base-clock multipliers across the board. SMT (and its Intel implementation, Hyper-Threading) is something quad-core Core i5 parts lack, and unlocked multipliers is reserved only for the i5-7600K quad-core and $189 i3-7350K dual core. What's more, the six-core Ryzen 5 parts feature a staggering 16 MB of L3 cache (compared to the paltry 6 MB of the price-comparable Core i5 quad-core parts), and the quad-core Ryzen 5 1400 a decent (on paper) 8 MB. Given AMD has made significant strides in improving per-core performance and the software ecosystem finally taking advantage of more than four logical CPUs, the Ryzen 5 series chips are extremely exciting on paper.The Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip we're reviewing today has an enviable premise - a quad-core chip with SMT enabling 8 threads, 8 MB of L3 cache, and slightly lower clock speeds than the 1500X, yet an unlocked multiplier, for just $170. If you've read our Ryzen 5 1500X review, you'll note that we found it to be a very compelling alternative to the Core i5-7400. At its price, the Ryzen 5 1400 targets the upper-end of Intel's Core i3 dual-core lineup, and maybe even disrupts its entry-level quad-core Core i5 lineup. Dual-core Intel chips still make for decent entry/mainstream gaming PC chips for those who want to game at 1080p with reasonably dialed up settings. AMD is changing the game here by offering up four cores, eight threads, and more than double the cache, besides the freedom to overclock.AMD made the Ryzen 5 1400 by disabling two cores per quad-core complex (CCX) on the 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon, resulting in four cores. In addition, AMD halved the L3 cache per CCX to 4 MB. This is unlike the 1500X, where it left the L3 cache untouched, giving you 16 MB. So you have 8 MB of shared L3 cache and 512 KB of L2 cache per core. The chip is clocked at 3.20 GHz, with 3.40 GHz of TurboCore frequency. It lacks XFR (extended frequency range) in the real sense. A vestige of the feature overclocks the chip up to 50 MHz beyond the rated boost frequency. It doesn't appear to have any real price-matched competitor from the Intel stable. You get the Core i5-7400 at $190, but that's already sorted out by the Ryzen 5 1500X at the same price. Intel recently slashed the price of the overclocker friendly Core i3-7350K dual-core chip to $150, but we haven't had a chance to test it yet.On popular demand, we decided to also run our entire selection of games at HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels). You will likely not game at this resolution, but it provides useful insights into the CPU's performance since games get extremely CPU limited at this resolution.
According to Traynor’s father, she attended Eastside Catholic High School and got her degree in law and justice from Central Washington University, with the anticipation to become an FBI agent.
Shaver opened it and pulled out a pellet rifle, as well as a dead sparrow. Shaver explained to the couple that he was in the area on a business trip for Wal-Mart and that he was hired to get rid of birds inside their buildings. Afterwards, Shaver pointed the gun out of the window.
A leading voice for the nation’s police officers who has bluntly challenged President Obama for his lack of support for police, issued a truly blunt assessment of how police felt about Obama leaving 0ffice, snapping, “No one is sorry to see this guy go.” Speaking to The Blaze, William J. Johnson, executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations, said Johnson said Obama’s public statements have only offered “lip service” to the idea that targeting police officers is wrong, while he has demonstrated repeated support for groups that blame police for incidents involving minorities. Johnson added that Obama’s actions have demoralized police, leading to a reticence among officers to become actively engaged with communities for fear of being unjustly accused. He offered this aphorism: “Don’t get involved, smile, wave, drive by.”
Cyber attacks against the infrastructure to get data on document submitters. This would kill the project. Since the servers are now in Sweden and France putting a team together to get access is more straightforward.
Governor Brown: 1.916.445.2841 CDCR Secretary Jeffrey Beard: 1.916-323-6001 (If you can’t get through, call CDCR number* for Beard) Pelican Bay State Prison: 1.707.465.1000 CDCR Ombudsman 916.445-1773 *CDCR: 1.916.445.7688
In grammar school, a mispunctuated sentence might get you a rap on the knuckles from your teacher. But for a recent start-up trying to get its products on the market, far worse is a delay of weeks (or months) until a revised label can be submitted.
But even though the United States Postal Service gets a free pass, Joyce declined to protest the TTB’s decision. “Ours is not to reason why, ours is to comply,” he says, noting gratefully that the government did not exercise its option to fine him $70 for every item that violated the code.
Maine eventually backed down after Shelton, a graduate of Yale Law School, filed a suit with the help of the Maine Civil Liberties Union, attracting national media attention. “We got a lot of hostile mail from people all over the place saying we were going to rot in hell for doing that to Santa Claus,” he says.
Once you’ve dotted all “i’s” and crossed all “t’s” to the governments’ (federal and state) satisfaction, you can still get worked over in the court of public opinion. Sometimes, the most innocuous labels can generate the most controversy. In 2009, Gene Muller, president of Flying Fish Brewing Co. in Cherry Hill, NJ, began releasing his “Exit” series of experimental, one-off beers in 750-ml bottles. As Muller explained, New Jersey lacks geographic features like towering mountain ranges or mighty rivers, so residents size up one another by asking, “What exit are you from?”
Sex sells products, but it can also get you covered up. In 2007, a Reading, PA, microbrewery called Legacy Brewing Co. began marketing a product called Hedonism Ale, which it claimed was “brewed with an orgy of ingredients.” The label showed an assortment of cartoon characters engaging in public displays of affection (nothing beyond kissing and hugging, really). However, one Lancaster distributor called Beer Ink viewed the brand as pornographic and began wrapping cases in plain brown paper.
We were in the right,” says Avery, “but I didn’t want to spend time in court. Some people might say, ‘I’m going to fight tooth and nail,’ but not me. The problem with trademarks is that you’ve got to spend a lot money to keep them.”
Rather than give in or let himself become bankrupted by attorneys’ fees, Nadeau sent out a plea for support over the Internet. A local paper, the Stowe Reporter, picked up on the David vs. Goliath angle of the story, and soon media across the country, from the Boston Globe to the Associated Press, were following suit. “We got over a million tweets within days,” says Nadeau.
A big swell of negative publicity for Hansen built up,” he relates. He got emails from stores as far as away as Long Island―”stores we didn’t even distribute to”―saying they were pulling Monster Energy Drink from their shelves in protest. Eventually, Hansen was forced to back down. The corporation agreed not to challenge Rock Art’s trademark as long as the microbrewery agreed not to get in the energy drinks business. That was a compromise Nadeau had proposed at the beginning of the dispute, but which Hansen had initially rejected.
1. Langtang Trek is perhaps the easiest and most enjoyable among Nepal treks taking you through the picturesque Langtang Valley. This particular trekking in Nepal adventure will take 9 days to complete walking about 4-5 hours daily. You will be able to trek through Langtang forests passing yak pastures and ending up in the Tibetan village of Langtang. Beware of the yaks as they might get aggressive and were known to push trekkers off the steep slopes. Stay safe and keep away from cliff edges.
4. Everest Base Camp Trek is an experience of a lifetime enabling you to view the tallest mountain on Earth. Without a doubt this 17 day adventure will stay in your hearts forever as it is definitely a journey off the beaten path. The lengthy duration is necessary to get acclimatized to high altitude changes warding off many unpleasant illnesses. The trek will not only offer you the most stunning views of the glaciers, mountains and valleys, it will also introduce you into the lives of amazing people of Sherpas. They have inhabited this mountain region for generations miraculously adjusting to harsh high altitude conditions.
7. Manaslu Trek will take you to the 8th highest peak of the world area. Manaslu trek is definitely not a walk in the park and is considered one of the roughest and challenging treks in Nepal. Only the more experienced trekkers should attempt to make the Manaslu trek. You will have a rare opportunity to witness the untouched primal beauty of Nepal’s mountain scenery, rich cultural and historical heritage and introduction to different flora and fauna. Whoever chooses the Manaslu Trek will enjoy pure Himalayan beauty as well as the rich cultural experiences. There are many breathtaking Himalayan mountain views available during the Manaslu trek. While trekking through some of the villages, visitors will get a glimpse of the traditional Himalayan culture of the local population.
8. Dhaulagiri Trek is only for well experienced or professional trekkers due to its demanding terrain and rough landscape. This 24-day challenging trek will take you beyond the beaten trekking paths most tourists take into the Nepal wilderness and remote villages. The trekking around Dhaulagiri region is very strenuous and requires additional climbing skills to get through some high passes. Along the way you will be rewarded by stunning sceneries of untouched beauty of Nepal. The Dhaulagiri trek is one of the more challenging treks as it is the seventh highest peak in the world rising above the Kali Gandaki River. During the Dhaulagiri Trek, you will enjoy magnificent views of many Himalayan Peaks as well as White Water Rivers. Many of the trekking guides will allow trekkers to camp on a glacier. This is truly a once in a lifetime experience!
9. Lower Dolpo Trek trekking in Nepal is unique in its kind providing you with an opportunity to tour some of the isolated areas of western Nepal. You will encounter charming locals who still practice Bon Po religion that had been widely spread in pre-Buddhist Nepal. While enjoying the Lower Dolpo trek, visitors will be able to experience traditional Himalayan culture as well as visit some traditional Buddhist Monasteries. Those enjoying the Lower Dolpo trek will be able to enjoy the magnificent views of Shey Phoksundo Lake as well as various rare and endangered species of wildlife as well as plants. The trek will take 25 days to experience the primal wilderness of Nepal and get through 3 major passes along the way, namely, Kagmara La, Baga La and Numa La.
Discussing your Nepal vacation packages with your travel agent will help you get the most of Nepal treks for your money. Trekking in Nepal can run up a considerable sum of money if you consider expensive mountaineer gear, equipment, supplies and multiple permits and fees you will have to pay up front.
Mötley Crüe drummer and occasionally nude PETA member Tommy Lee has issued a sternly worded letter to SeaWorld on behalf of infamous orca Tilikum (also known as the killer whale who’s been involved in the deaths of three people) arguing for Tilikum’s release into the wild. Lee’s chief complaint: that the park claims no human will have direct contact with Tilikum ever again, despite the fact that Lee just knows that the whale is SeaWorld’s “chief sperm bank,” with trainers keeping him in captivity so they can continue to extract future whales by “having someone get in the pool and masturbate him with a cow’s vagina filled with hot water," which sounds extraordinarily messy.
Radio Sputnik got in touch with Ammar Waqqaf, a Middle East expert, the Founder and Director of the analytical organization Gnosos, asking him to comment on the issue and share his views on what the consequences of the recent disclosure could be.
Many people in Florida are evacuating their homes as Irma approaches the United States. President Trump is working with Florida Governor Rick Scott to get supplies to people affected. A state of emergency has been declared in Florida.
Samsung has not yet announced pricing or availability. However, the Gear S2 ($300) will still get updates and be sold in stores.
"Maybe he got a bit carried away with 120 trees," said one neighbor, who asked to remain anonymous. "But what's all the fuss about?"
“It was like my mother was an angel on my shoulder and I was talking to her, asking, ‘What should I do?’ ” he told The Vertical. “I’m at the crossroads of my life. Should I hold this in and keep it to myself or should I open up and be selfless and help somebody that might get my story? Because if one person walks out of a theater and says, ‘I’m going to get help. I’m going to get a therapist,’ then I did my job.”
Here’s where things get interesting. Mexican exports tend to be to the United States; the U.S. exports to Canada and other countries. Why does the U.S. both export and import strawberries? One reason is the different harvesting season in Mexico, and the perishability of fresh berries.
A menstrual cup is virtually painless and relieves the discomfort of having to remove a tampon during light flow days—no more cotton to stick to the walls of your vagina! Menstrual cups are also great if you're someone who wants to avoid a mess as you wait for your period to arrive—just pop in your cup, and you're ready for anything. Every cup comes with instructions and options for inserting the device, so you'll just figure out which way works best for you. There's a learning curve at first for new users, as the concept of inserting and emptying a ribbed plastic cup seems a little foreign. But you'll quickly get the hang of it. The best part? You only need to empty your cup twice a day (or every twelve hours), so there's no more worrying about running out of tampons or stopping whatever you're doing to run to the bathroom. You can swim, shower, practice yoga, or run as you normally would and it feels amazing, unlike what you'd feel with a tampon string or a bulky pad between your legs. Oh, and there's no risk of TSS—double bonus! (ICYMI, periods are sort of having a moment. Here's why everyone is obsessed with periods right now.)
The only two people I knew who got worse press than her were Richard Nixon and George W. Bush — some of it unfairly, much of it unfair to her family. She’s recognizable, she’s attractive, and she still has the message of stop raising taxes. The Tea Party started as a group that [the government] could make go home to bake meatloaf at any point in the last three years by simply doing two things: Stop raising taxes and stop stealing their money. Congress can’t stop spending money. I’m not a defender of everything she says. I don’t hear everything she says. But I know she represents a certain group of people who rose up against their own party, which you rarely see. I probably hired her back, if you really want to get to the bottom of it, to give her a chance to say her piece and piss off the people that wanted her dead.
What never occurs to the conservative mind is that maybe people like Sarah Palin get bad press because they are uninformed, racist, vile excuses for human beings who are getting back exactly what they put out there. According to Roger Ailes, Sarah Palin has been persecuted by bad press. He leaves out the fact that Sister Sarah creates her own bad press every time she opens her mouth.
As far as people wanting Palin dead, I wish someone would ask Ailes who exactly wants Sarah Palin dead? It certainly isn’t Democrats. Sarah Palin remains one of the best fundraisers that the Democratic Party has. As soon as she gets involved in an election, donations to her endorsed candidate’s opponent skyrocket. Liberals don’t want Palin dead. She alternates between being unintended comedy and a source of shame for all Republicans on a daily basis. Palin makes all Republicans look bad. For that, Democrats are thankful that Ailes keeps her employed.
"I would also like to thank my family for the effort they put in - my family and friends for the effort they put in - to get me out of here. I know you did everything you can, and I truly appreciate it. I'm sorry I got you in this mess," he said.
Most cards have changed significantly and there are lots of new cards. We are also introducing a new boss, the Giant Queen. You even get a glimpse of card backs if you watch replays.
With this build we are turning on the servers for the first time and they have never had any significant load on them. There will be bugs--even hangs and crashes. If you get stuck, restart Labyrinth. Please let us know about any bugs you find.
It may also be important to remember where spinner dolphins get their name: they are known for making acrobatic, playful leaps, often twisting their bodies around many times before falling back to the water. It's therefore possible that their dramatic leaps are actually mating displays, and that their backwards fins evolved because they help males make more theatrical aerial maneuvers.
This is the type of year where some fans like to get preachy to other fans. Don’t fall into this. Nobody wants to hear a lecture on how to be a “real fan.” Putting aside blogging and tweeting, this fan is aware it is likely better for the Jets long term future to be 2-14 rather than 7-9. This does not mean I’ll be actively rooting for the team to lose (especially early in the season). It does mean losses will sting a little less than in a normal season and each week will be approached with a different level of expectations.
So I need to get my copy of 8 ½ back because it’s a Criterion Collection and my sister gave it to me before she moved to Ohio and I’m really in the mood for a movie with subtitles to half-watch while making my Halloween costume.
"McHarg suggested using the natural drainage system of the Woodlands site to structure development. This would, he noted, help reduce the prospects for flood damage. Ever the geologist, Mitchell asked. 'All right, natural drainage works, but what does it mean to me?' 'First, George, it means you'll get $50 million from HUD and, second, it will save you even more money,' McHarg responded. 'For instance, you won't have to build a storm drainage system. This will save you $14 million for the first phase alone.' And so McHarg converted the oilman into an ecologist."
I checked in with Christian about his family and neighbors in Cross Creek Ranch; he said they are "really lucky ... no one got flooding in their house." The systems the architects put in place appear to have performed the way they were designed to. They captured water and absorbed it as quickly as possible.
Lets look at reality and birth control. People use birth control for a reason. Because they don't want children right now, for whatever reason. According to these churches, birth control even inside marriage is "immoral". What they are apparently saying is that once you get married, you either must not engage in sexual activity with your spouse or you are supposed to have and raise all the children "God" has "blessed" you with.
Of course, if you and your spouse do give into those desires, you can not protect yourself from getting pregnant. At all. So if you get pregnant, oh well. You have a baby. Great. I've been married 23 years. That means I would have had the potential to have at LEAST 20 kids by now!!! Lets face the facts... the majority of couples in the entire world that could possibly support and raise that many kids these days is REALLY small. Financially alone most of us couldn't do it. These days, it takes both couples working their tales off just to afford 2 or 3 kids. But 20 kids? Not all of us are the Duggart family, we can't afford it and we wouldn't want it. Having that many kids means SOME one, usually the mom, has to stay home and be enslaved to the kitchen, laundry and nursery to care for them all. Which means, there is only one income to support all those mouths to feed. Good luck with that. Unless you are an executive with a golden parachute you'd be living in complete poverty. So would your children.
Then there is the idea of "if you don't want it, put it up for adoption". For some reason, all these people think adoption is the perfect solution. I don't know who came up with that line of bullshit. It's sort of a solution, in SOME cases,but not all. The simple fact is, the only babies really in demand are healthy white ones. The kids that aren't that.. are of different races, born with disabilities or drug problems and such, are very hard to place even now! Never mind when we have an even larger number of them. So what happens to those babies no one wants? They are abandoned at hospitals until the state can find a foster home for them. Unfortunatly, the number of decent foster homes is going down dramatically, so they will be there a LONG time before a slot becomes available.Then they are dumped in foster home after foster home until they are 18, then kicked out of the system on their own with little or no support. Most of the kids this happens to end up with major mental issues, as well as having been abused. (See above). They are never really cared for, never get love from a "real" parent, never learn to love themselves, never have a stable background or upbringing. They are cast out on the world with no help and no safety net, with fewer skills and somehow are expected to hit the ground running... when all they usually do it hit the ground.
Everything I just covered above is dealing with the "no birth control inside of marriage" idea. What about the "no birth control" idea outside of marriage? What about that poor teen aged girl who was only given an abstinence only education by the same church? Who wasn't even given the most basic knowledge of exactly what sex IS, never mind the lesson on "how you get pregnant"? Essentially, that poor girl is sent out into the world with no education at all, no protection.. and gets taken advantage of by a boyfriend and gets pregnant? She is going to have hell to pay from her parents, who some how think she should have known better but didn't give her an education to know, Period. Then you are going to stick her with raising a baby that is a constant reminder of "how she screwed up" and how she is such an "embarrassment", "immoral" and a "slut" according to her parents and the church who refused to educate her in the first place? How nice of you. What about that woman who was minding her own business and gets raped and impregnated? Lovely that you want her to be reminded of something horribly traumatic and disgusting every day of her life! Let me guess she "deserved it" and it was "Gods will" that she was raped, right? What about that little 10 year old who "played a game with Daddy" and gets pregnant? Nevermind the fact that her little body can not handle a pregnancy with out permanent damage, or the fact that the child will be born from incest or the terrible mental damage it will do to her to be forced to have her own sibling. Congratulations all you pro-birthers. The idea that birth control should be non-existent and so should abortion just doomed all those innocent females to a living and perhaps life threatening hell. And doomed the baby as well.
Add "forklift" to the list of ways to get around ATM fees.
Vodi also offers digital gift cards which can be redeemed at checkout through the app. Their eGift Card selection includes more than 90 offerings from brands in the United States and Mexico (with more countries to come), including Hotels.com, American Airlines, Regal Entertainment Group, and CVS Pharmacy. Headed to the store and want to get a digital gift card to pay? You can get a digital gift card in seconds with a bitcoin payment in the Vodi app. And since Vodi is using BitPay to accept payments, you can use any bitcoin wallet to pay.
Want to get started with using Vodi? Download it for iOS or get it on your Android phone. Learn more about accepting bitcoin in your mobile app at https://bitpay.com/mobile.
One thing I’ve hated for a long time in Chrome is the downloads manager. There just isn’t an easy way to keep track of downloads once they’ve started. Sure, you get a downloads bar in the bottom of the screen. But if you hit the “Show all” button, it disappears. Then you’re left to search for the Downloads tab or dig down deep in the menus to find the downloads option.
You can get this in Chrome now. Thanks to a simple extension.
Rather than place a receipt on the dashboard indicating payment, those parking downtown can now input their license plate number when paying by cash or credit card. The machine relays the list of paid vehicles to parking enforcement officers, who simply verify the vehicle is accounted for. If drivers prefer, they can get a paper receipt for the dashboard as before.
"I kinda like it," said Tyra Brown, 41. "It's better than the other ones and you don't need to get a receipt."
“What you’ve got right now is a fair bit of uncertainty about what the state of the world will be next year with taxes,” he said. “If you don’t have to do this deal right now, maybe you can wait until next year so you can finance optimally.”
Still, some boards appear to believe they may get a better price if they sign a desired deal sooner rather than later. If tax rates decrease, a company’s profitability increases, making it a more expensive acquisition target. And, if all of the repatriating companies go after the same targets, that could drive up the price as well.
And it just gets worse.
It’s legitimate material to explore in a film of this sort, and yet it ultimately feels very paint-by-numbers in the attempt. Spotlight has all the trapping of the prestige picture. It hits on a Big Issue; it features palatable protagonists fighting against something abhorrent; and it boasts an impressive cast who are given more than enough room to underline the film’s major points. Every scene seems to end with a line or an exchange that ties a very obvious bow on whatever the audience has just witnessed. Ruffalo gets his Oscar reel moment to bang on the table and demand justice. And the end of the film features the predictable moment of self-questioning, the inevitable bit of triumph, and the white text on a black background explaining the real life consequences of the “Based on True Events” story the viewer has just witnessed.
That means that the film gets every opportunity to make its statements, to throw in standard-if-creditable character moments, and to work in small but salient details of the scandal. It fails, however, to make this all feel like something other than a movie going through the motions in the lead up to the Academy Awards. The film has something to say, and it’s worth saying, but it doesn’t delve particularly deep into these ideas and doesn’t offer anything especially novel or creative in how it presents them either.
Chris Froome (Team Sky) is the first choice. He can climb and time trial with the best. Second in 2012, this year’s route suits him better and he’s got a very strong team riding in his service. He’s improved technically, has experience of leading races and enjoyed a strong season from the Tour of Oman to the recent Critérium du Dauphiné. In this last race he was so far ahead he was trying to set up team mate Richie Porte for stage win. If you want to quantify his status the bookmakers price his chance of winning at worse than evens, odds even shorter than Bradley Wiggins this time last year.
Which brings us to Nairo Quintana (Movistar). A theme of 2013 is the resurgence of Colombian cycling but in 2012 Quintana was already leaving Sky trailing in the mountains to win a stage of the Dauphiné. His problem is one of experience, I can see him on the podium but leading the world’s biggest race is a lot for a 23 year old. Plus any haematological advantages from the past few months spent living at home in Colombia will fade by the third week of the Tour. That said he got stronger in the spring as he raced more, he was second on the Col d’Eze time trial of Paris-Nice in March and won the Tour of the Basque Country in April.
If Rodriguez is 34, BMC Racing’s Cadel Evans is a still a contender at 36. If he were to win he’d overtake 1922’s Firmin Labot title as the oldest winner of the race. He was seventh last year but ill and his third place in the Giro was achieved after a late entry. Is he too tired now? In the past he’s been one to target races but if he’s in form his ability is proven by his 2011 Tour win. If not team mate Tejay van Garderen sets out on a quest to get the world to spell his name right and is a stealthy pick for the podium. He’s been fourth in Paris-Nice, third in the Criterium International and won the Tour of California. If he was on team duty in the Tour de Suisse this might have allowed him to ride tempo rather than burn out. All is building well and he’s a steady rider, a smooth running diesel whose powers of recovery should suit the final week.
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook.
There is a new, bright blue shipping container in town with a unique aim: to get your bike working.
Coasting toward P Street, BA calls the play: We’re hitting all four sides of the intersection. So far, it’s been low-stress. No bystanders. Careful, quick tagging. Lay ’em and spray ’em. There’s a protocol to this—you can’t do this kind of thing without rules—but so far, so easy. Time to get bold. I follow BA to the southwestern corner. She drops a stencil on the pavement. “What are you spraying?” calls a voice. It’s a pedestrian, coming our way from the Logan Circle bars. “Just a little friendly bike message,” BA says. Do you bike? Well, she’s not a local. But she tried Capital Bikeshare. That’s worth a high five. BA bends over to spray the ground, and the woman continues walking on P Street, turning around at the decisive moment to snap a photo with her phone. Instagram gold. ***
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
The Bike Artist isn’t nearly done. She wants to tag more lanes in high-traffic bicycling areas and move away from her more humorous messages to focus on promoting responsibility and etiquette. And she’s even seen at least one imitator: A friend has begun spraying stencils in Columbia Heights, using his own designs. Similar-looking stencils aimed at pedestrians can be found on 11th Street NW in the same neighborhood, though BA didn’t notice them until after her project began. In many ways, the tone of her street art—chipper, encouraging, mischievous but hardly subversive—reflects a change in D.C.’s bike culture. Between 2000 and 2011, only New York City saw a sharper drop in car commuting than D.C., according to a recent Public Interest Research Group study. Bikeshare reports about 250,000 rides a month. According to the League of American Bicyclists, bike commuting in D.C. grew 445 percent between 1990 and 2012, and as many as 4.1 percent of D.C. workers commute on bike. The typical D.C. biker is a lot like the Bike Artist—pretty normal. “Bicyclists now aren’t your middle-aged men in Lycra, they aren’t the young white hipster bike-messenger lookalikes,” BA says. “Everyone bikes.” Bike culture in D.C. is “night and day” from about a decade ago, says BicycleSpace co-owner Erik Kugler, whose 7th Street NW bike shop sits in front of a rare sidewalk stencil made by BA. “It used to be exemplified by the courier culture...that was a turnoff to many people. Now it’s just everyday people who are out. What separates the culture now is it feels like you’re in on a secret that brings happiness to your life.” That’s exactly the distinction BA is trying to draw—between bicyclists’ reputation, semirooted in an outdated notion of who bikes, and the way she feels every bicyclist ought to behave. Where most of us fall is probably somewhere in between. “Bicyclists have a reputation of being serious assholes, and this is confronting that perception,” BA says of her project. As an example, she points to a recent article on Greater Greater Washington, a first-person account by a bike-accident victim who was ticketed by police after a driver turned into his path, causing a collision, and was later allegedly told by a police officer that of course he was at fault—he’s a biker. In that case, the bicyclist did everything right. But in the heated discourse of urban transit policy, BA is frustrated that bicyclists are often stereotyped as aggressive lawbreakers. That perception, she says, is unfair, but is nevertheless framed “by the portion of people that run through red lights, don’t yield at stop signs, bike on sidewalks, bike the wrong way up streets—those people frame other road users’ perceptions that all bicyclists are wrong and disrespectful. I’m so polite. I’m overly polite to get over that perception. I, like, stop and wave and smile at people.” Bikers, of course, have plenty of reasons to remain aggressive—they still get killed on the road, after all, and must navigate laws that often force them to think like motorists and pedestrians at the same time. And so the notion that more bicyclists ought to set a better example, Kugler says, is “a little tough to swallow with all these cars doing illegal U-turns” and violating traffic laws in ways that can hurt bikers. “We’re supposed to be the ones who set a good example?” As American cities have knocked down the barriers to everyday biking by building more bike lanes, adding Bikeshare systems, and improving signage—as they’ve given more of the road to bicyclists—those policies have become politicized. (See the conservative think tank founder who recently berated a bicyclist for reporting a truck blocking the L Street cycletrack, or Christopher Caldwell’s recent Weekly Standard screed against the bicycling lobby.) But in D.C., the temperature of the bicycle debate is beginning to drop. Public discourse still centers on the toll of gentrification—on the widening gulf between the city’s wealthier, whiter population and its poorer, blacker one—but three years removed from the Fenty administration, bicycling is less of a signifier of a societal rift. (Biking advocates, of course, might point out that the pace of bicycle-infrastructure expansion has slowed, too, although DDOT wants to build 140 more miles of cycletracks and bike lanes.) And as the population of daily, nonideological bicyclists has grown, BA’s instinct—that they need an angel on their shoulder—more or less feels right. That, anyway, is why Kugler says he gives the bike stencils a “99 out of 100.” “It’s a message for the modern biking culture,” Kugler says. “It’s not a renegade culture anymore.” ***
A more decisive way of sending commands was necessary to make gameplay more meaningful, so five days into this experiment a new mode was added: anarchy and democracy. Twitch viewers can vote for their preferred mode by posting "anarchy" or "democracy" to the chat. In anarchy mode the game proceeds as usual by accepting every command, but when players vote in democracy mode, the rules change. The system tallies up the requests, and after a 20-second interval, the command with the most votes gets executed. In this mode, players can also stack moves into a single command, such as "left2down3." Gameplay slows to a crawl when the player only moves every 20 seconds, but meaningful progress can be made.
But, for all those who also felt intrigued by the mystery, and lunacy, of the vintage ’90s Ninja Turtles comics, the whole run has been translated for your pleasure. You can find a directory of links to complete volume .cbr downloads at TMNT Entity on the off chance you’d like to follow along with this review. This stuff can get pretty weird.
At least they sort of get Bebop’s “accent” right.
What makes the Pauhana contest unique is their commitment to award the Open Men and Open Women winners the same cash prize. Most surf competitions in the world have huge cash prizes and sponsorships awarded to the men, while women get less than half that. What this means is ladies, you better go out there and represent!
How seamlessly each character's path ties up with the next is a mystery. That said, I did get to experience one strand of the tale, taking charge of the hysterical Ashley several hours in, having just lost her friend Samantha. Unlocking a dollhouse roof, I yank out a diary and rotate its cover using the DualShock 4's gyro controls, then flick its pages for clues with track-pad swipes. "I can't read this, it's so sad, Chris!" she wails to a nearby friend - the archetypal snob of the group, still in denial that something very nasty's afoot. From here, I'm set loose to pave my own way.
The visuals are on point with their eeriness so far, if still in need of polish on the lip-sync front. After a stint on PS3, the team boasts that dialogue and cut-scenes are re-done on PS4 using the studio's modified Killzone: Shadow Fall engine. Skin shaders and clothing details are really standout, as is the dynamic lighting streaming from Ashley's torch (also adjusted by the gyrometer as you move). In the end, I couldn't get much practical use from this feature, but I suspect it might open some doors for clue-finding later on.
A gradual collection of clues sets it apart from its lineage too, a meta-game where Cluelines are built ip across multiple play-throughs, helping paint the bigger picture. It's genuinely jumpy as well, I'll admit, and got my shoulders jolting more than once. Annoyingly.
Looking to the side at this unwitting player, I wondered if Until Dawn's balance between terror and horror would pay off just as well for others. A foggy hallway stretched ahead, and in complete silence they pressed forward - and then it hit. The sound of a sharp, ghoulish scream burst out from a pale, gurning face, on-screen for barely a split second. I see an upwards flinch, a fumbling of the PS4 pad, and then an embarrassed grin as they sheepishly scan the room for on-lookers. Damn it, they got me, the eyes said.
“He stood up and went out of his way to wave to us, and acknowledged that he knew it was us,” Meiklejohn recalled. “It was so nice to get the recognition of the president himself. As a kid, that means a lot.”
It will be a quick trip. They’ll drive down on Jan. 18, check into their hotel in the late afternoon, rest and get oriented. They’ll play the concert the next day, then board the bus on Jan. 20 for the trip back to Maine. They’d like to squeeze in an extra day of sightseeing, but only if they can raise the money to pay for it. Meiklejohn estimates it would cost “probably a few thousand” to make that happen.
“Certainly when I was marching for George Bush, I didn’t get the feeling that my marching made me a Bush supporter, and it didn’t change my appreciation for participating in the event, either,” he said.
“I think at this kind of event everyone’s looking beyond the politics,” Meiklejohn said. “It doesn’t feel like something political that we’re participating in. It’s just a tradition of democracy. It’s like clockwork: Since the founding of our country, every four years a president gets inaugurated and that’s never changed.”
The department of corrections will try to get more at the appropriate time, said spokeswoman Gwendolyn Hogan. No executions are currently scheduled in Georgia.
“Every player wants to play every minute,” Goldsmith said. “They’d be lying to you if they said they didn’t. I’m just trying to work hard on the training field and sort of try to take my opportunities when I get on the field to make an impact on the game.”
While he’s not yet stuffing the scoresheet — Goldsmith has just one assist so far — his performance in practice suggests that the goals, assists and created chances will come with more minutes. He’s also got two of the best forwards in the NASL to mentor him in Justin Braun and Eamon Zayed.
“You’ve got two good, experienced forwards ahead of him,” Falvey said. “The boys have been leaning on him and helping him. He’s very willing to learn to try to get better.”
“The families feel that history is repeating itself as the MPS continues to ignore them. They are losing confidence that the IPCC has the ability to get to the truth; the longer this drags on, the greater the chance of evidence being lost or forgotten,” said Hudgell.
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board approved OPPO's request to open single-brand retail stores in the country. With this decision, became the first smartphone company to get this opportunity in India.
However, he gets open on set pieces, and he finished two of his three looks (of the five total looks the US had on the night, which kind of makes me want to die). There's a place for that, especially against minnows. I still don't think he's the answer long term because he takes too long on the ball in the run of play, but hell, beggars can't be choosers.
Mission prep done, the group got together and we hashed out the premise, re-affirmed beliefs and instincts, and set new goals. It was here that I realized I would have to change things up.
Now that I had called the audible, it was time to get playing!
Once the group got going again (and got through the mud), they encountered the big finale; a hungry, angry badger, burrowing through a nest of some kind and looking for food.
Confronted with this new threat, the patrol was divided The patrol leader (Jasper) decided they should bypass the entire scene, since they had important information to get back to Lockhaven with. The other patrol members, however, wanted to fight the creature, and hopefully save whatever animal it was trying to eat. In the end, they decided to go against their orders and attack (I might have forced the issue by describing the badger coming out of the burrow with bits of egg shell on it’s muzzle; defend the weak).
In short, if you want to participate, there's no need to do any advance planning. In fact, it's discouraged. Just show up with a computer and get ready to have some fun.
Can you really build a game in 24-48 hours? There are dozens of game jams every year, collectively producing thousands of prototypes. If you get a motivated team, you'd be shocked at what you can do in such a short time. Here are a couple example games I worked on during the 2009 and 2010 Global Game Jams.
Supporters of closed primaries say it’s only logical that Republicans get to choose the Republican presidential nominee. Oklahoma GOP Chairwoman Pam Pollard, whose state held the first closed contest of the primary season this year, said open primaries are like inviting the opposing football team to choose your team’s quarterback. Pollard, as a party chair, will be an automatic delegate to the national convention.
Henry Barbour, Mississippi’s RNC committeeman and a 2012 Rules Committee member, said at the time “We’re a bottom-up party. And the last thing that we need is the national party trying to tell us … how we’ve got to run our primaries.”
Our tasting offered just a cross section of the many, many American craft beers that fall into this category. Clearly, even defined as Amber/Red, the designation covers a very wide range of flavors and styles. It pays to get to know the styles of the various producers, and to know your own tastes. When you invite Brother American Amber to the table, he brings along an extended family.
Last week, the cult USA channel TV show Mr. Robot showed once again why it is required viewing for anyone interested in technology. In a conversation between E Corp CEO Phillip Price and a top government official named Jack (a thinly-veiled Jack Lew?), he talked about his plans to get official government backing for his virtual currency, eCoin:
From the moment Mitt Romney stepped off stage Tuesday night, having just delivered a brief concession speech he wrote only that evening, the massive infrastructure surrounding his campaign quickly began to disassemble itself. Aides taking cabs home late that night got rude awakenings when they found the credit cards linked to the campaign no longer worked.
To get you on the same page as me, I decided to sketch the main facts about stylometry down below. Its origins and applications. It will be an interesting read. Promise. I tried to make it both informative and engaging. So, dive deeper into the details and see what makes me so sensible when I am to attribute authorship.
However, it wasn’t until the development of computational analysis that things really got interesting for stylometry. Having overcome some early discrepancies of computer analysis, researchers achieved a human-guided machine-powered sophisticated stylometric analysis, which would have been impossible without the computational powers of a machine.
“That culminated and the consultants got pushed out the door last year and that’s when Chris Janz came into the business and really started the process of getting us ready for the future.”
“It’s one thing to create innovation or buy innovation, it’s another to turn it into something that drives profit. That’s the trick and that’s how you get out of gimmick and falling into the chasm. That’s our approach,” Rowley said.
“I am just a volunteer helping you and ‘many other Republican candidates’ in case anyone asks,” Rowland emailed Wilson-Foley in November 2011. “I want to stay under the radar as much as possible and get the job done.”
“Good sitcoms, so the wisdom goes, are set in places where people can’t get out,” the producer John Lloyd continues. “Porridge in prison; in Fawlty Towers, Basil’s trapped with a ghastly wife that he can’t escape from and a business which is going bust but which is his only livelihood. And we set ours in a trench dugout where there’s only two ways to escape – one is forward to the German guns, the other is backwards to the British firing squads.”
As McInnerny recalls: “In the initial rehearsals, he wasn’t even called Darling, he was called Captain Cartwright, which is kind of dull. I mean, I didn’t even know who he was and couldn’t get an angle on him.”
“I can’t tell you how profoundly competitive that environment is,” says Robinson, “but I contributed like mad. I think whenever I'm in a corner I always get noisy. Being the only grammar-school boy among that incredibly talented group of highly articulate performers, and having left school at 16, and not having been to university, there was a sense in which they always felt very different from me, really rather exotic, and yet in a way, not really kind of tuned in to the real world, because they all talked so elaborately. And I think that probably helped me with Baldrick.”
And McInnerny recalls the looming threat of the final big push: “The world-weariness of Blackadder was something kind of extraordinary. He was beaten down, he wasn’t necessarily going to win every time, and knew he wasn’t. Which gave it a kind of darker edge, I think… The extraordinary thing was that there really was only one plot, which was ‘how can we get out of here?’ I mean, every episode. But at the back of your mind, you think, ‘They can’t get out of it every week, they’re not going to be able to get out of it… Oh, they’re not going to get out of it.’”
Lloyd says, “Suddenly they’re all together, except for Melchett, and enmities have to be patched up, because at the end of the day, they’re all probably going to get killed. The comedy starts to drain out of it in the most horrific way, there was this very odd feeling that you’ve lost control of it.”
It was five to 10, and they had one last chance to get the shot right. John spoke into the floor manager’s earpiece, but the reply came from Rowan himself, in “shattered” tones: “I’m sorry,” came the voice, “but we can’t do another one, it’s just too horrible.” “What do you mean, you’re not going to do it?” “It’s really the most frightening thing I’ve ever done, and we’ve all agreed we’re not going to do it, and I’m very sorry.” And with that, the line went dead.
And so, with the series beginning broadcast just as these final touches were being put in place, the team could breathe a sigh of relief that the Blackadder legacy would not be tarnished – but they couldn’t have predicted the unparalleled reaction Blackadder Goes Forth would get from the British public, who hadn’t anticipated that the series would reach its apotheosis on such a note of pathos and sincerity.
As a junior at Kent State University, I felt like I was on top of the world. I went to a great school, I was doing exactly what I love (journalism), and then on September 11, 2001, I began to get unexplained illnesses one after another.
The disease has affected my brain, GI system, lungs and heart. I take twelve medications to get through the day.
This has sort of been a gift and a curse for me. On one hand, I didn't want people to look at me as if I had a disability. On the other, I wanted people to know what I've been able to accomplish in spite of the disease. It's an invisible fight for me, but now is my time to make some noise so we can find a cure. If no one is aware of my struggle, we can't get there.
In the past, insurance companies charged you an immense amount of money to get on a plan. And if you happened to have a pre-existing condition, they would either deny you coverage, or raise your premiums even higher.
As a result of the Affordable Care Act, starting in 2014, nearly 6 in 10 Americans currently without health insurance could get coverage for $100 a month or less.
And for those of us who are unable to qualify to stay on our parent's insurance, under this law, we are eligible to get financial assistance to pay for insurance via the new health Insurance marketplace, which opens up for enrollment starting next week.
With Latinos starting more businesses each year than their counterparts, it's extremely helpful to know and rest assured that this law caters to young Latino entrepreneurs, who otherwise wouldn't have access to health care coverage through their employer, where a majority of Americans get their insurance from.
One morning in the mid-1990s, Mark Mulvoy was on the sixth hole of Long Island’s Garden City Golf Club with Donald Trump when the skies opened, and they ducked for cover under a nearby awning. The rain let up a few moments later, and Mulvoy, then the managing editor of Sports Illustrated, returned to the green. When he got there, he found a ball 10 feet from the pin that he didn’t remember seeing before the storm.
“He took the world’s first gimme chip-in,” Reilly said. At one point, Trump, after taking a number of second shots, told Reilly to “make sure you write that I play my first ball. You don’t get a second ball in life.” In life, it may or may not be true that a person gets a second chance; and yet, as Reilly wrote, on holes 1, 13 and 17, Trump did indeed get a second ball.
“The caddies would say, ‘If I get on his bag, I’m going to make sure he always has a good lie,’ ” Carr said, meaning that even if Trump shanked a ball, the caddies would do what they could to place it on the fairway.
From a guy who once went on a mission to get President Obama to release his birth certificate, this raises some eyebrows. Ironically, Trump had only nice things to say about the president when it came to his golf game.
A: I would like to downplay the preseason and say the time missed by Hassan Whiteside is not a concern. But it is. After Tuesday's game in Orlando, he will have missed all of training camp and half of the preseason with his calf strain. This team can't get on the same page until all its primary pieces are in place. And you know that Erik Spoelstra is not going to play all of his regulars in both Saturday's game in Houston and Sunday's game Atlanta. So the Heat basically have three exhibitions, at best, when the projected starting lineup can play together (and that's only if Whiteside is back by this weekend, although he told me he will try to practice later this week). A lack of continuity destroyed last season and it's not as if the Heat have found the antidote in camp. Remember, the schedule is heavily home-loaded at the start of the regular season. Fail to take advantage of that and it could prove particularly difficult to overcome, especially with the eclipse of road games in January.
A: First, with no offense to the others, don't group Winslow with those other three. He's at a different place in the rotation, and he needs as much NBA exposure as he can get during the preseason. I'm still not sold on Ennis getting a roster spot, especially if he holds to the contract clause where he becomes fully guaranteed for the season. As for Richardson, the thinking could be that he eventually will get all the seasoning he needs in the D-League, with the Sioux Falls Skyforce. Johnson already has had plenty of NBA exposure, so I'm sure he would be ready if needed. He looked good Monday playing as the first point guard off the bench.
you got in free!
With only five months to get ready for the targeted Nov. 1 season opener, the playing rules and style of operation were based as closely as possible on the successful college game. However, rather than play 40 minutes divided into two halves, the BAA game was eight minutes longer and played in four 12-minute quarters so as to bring an evening's entertainment up to the two-hour period owners felt the ticket buyers expected. Also, although zone defenses were permitted in college play, it was agreed during that first season that no zones be permitted, since they tended to slow the game down.
While the Knicks were getting ready for the opener, college basketball was still king in New York, where teams like CCNY, LIU and NYU were revered. It was not until the Knicks scrimmaged the collegians and the successes got some newspaper notoriety that they started to gain some respect before they left New York on Oct. 31 for the train ride to Toronto.
KERRY O'BRIEN: A national pastime that's got well out of hand. Welcome to Four Corners.
Alcohol is not only often seen as a rite of passage in Australia, it's also embedded in our culture. It's when the drinking gets out of hand and the drinker loses all sense of judgement that bad things can happen.
MAN: Can I please get someone as soon as possible at Greenmount Beach? There's a guy that got knocked out on the road and he's- I think he's having a fit, he's snorting...
OPERATOR: What I need you to do is actually wave the ambulance down when they get there. I'm going to let them know where you are.
MICHAEL FORD: Sam's brother Ryland came, got there after he received the text and found Sam on the ground.
RYLAND FORD: I got on the phone. I was actually yelling a bit - someone call an ambulance. I made a call myself.
RYLAND FORD: I just remember leaning over him and just holding the sides of his head gently and just continuously talking to him - 'Sammy, can you hear me?' Trying to get any response. 'I am here', you know, 'Blink your eyes - just let me know you can hear me'.
OPERATOR: Yep. We'll need to get the ambulance there first...
MICHAEL FORD: We had to sign a release to say that they wouldn't revive him if it got to a certain point because it was virtually pointless, and that's probably the hardest thing I have ever done.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Get your ID out. We've asked you three times - get your ID out, please.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Maybe. Please go and get a taxi, please.
JANINE COHEN: How often do you get called to cases where people simply are drunk and won't leave the premises?
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Reg, I am so over you. I've got to tell ya. I'm done.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: What's 'butch' got to do with it? I have got a job to do.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Alright, let's go and lock him up. He's got to get locked up.
An enormous amount of effort and anguish is expended on people who have simply got themselves in such a drunken state that emergency services have to become involved to look after them or patch up the mess that they leave.
CONSTABLE SHANE LINDSAY: Just get them to move on.
I'd much rather turn up and break it up and get them on their own way than turn up and someone be injured or in a worse way. So it was good work by Katie.
CONSTABLE SHANE LINDSAY (panting): Right, now he's got to get handcuffed.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: He just had me pushed up against the wall up there. I have got a sore elbow.
FRIEND 1: I'm sorry that you have got a sore elbow.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: We don't get paid enough money to get bashed, okay?
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Look at him up there! We had to get three cops to get his hand down to handcuff him.
DEPUTY COMMISSIONER NICK KALDAS: The most frustrating and probably distressing thing is when you get up in the morning and you read the reports and you realise that some of your officers have been hurt. And they've been hurt by someone who is so drunk that they couldn't exercise proper judgement in what they were doing.
MICHAEL FORD: Are you ready to get up, okay?
JOEL FORD: He just lived in the water and since we were really young, when Dad used to take us up the beach, it was just always hard to get him out.
DAMIAN FORD: I've seen on the news about the guy that got punched and... died from it...
JUDGE GRAEME HENSON: You don't get one free go.
I think what happens now is there are more people out for a longer period of time in licensed premises, so that the potentiality for people right across the social spectrum to get involved in alcohol-related crime has increased correspondingly.
LUKE, VICTIM'S FRIEND: Just having a quiet drink and the next thing you know this guy got really aggressive because we were sitting close to where he was, and then he got the glass and he smashed the glass into my friend's head.
STEVE MITCHELL: I just got glassed.
DOCTOR (dressing Steve's wounds): Have you got some scissors, or grab my scissors?
JOHN: You've got no right to touch me! I know the law, mate!
I blamed myself for it for a long time but you've got to stop that, move on.
It's just like a rollercoaster. You've just got to keep picking yourself up and you've just got to keep saying, 'I'm doing this for Sam. I'm doing this so he can get back'.
“Ariana’s hair colour gets a lot of attention and I think it’s good to be different,” dad Steve Miller from McDowall Brisbane said.
Amiel, who was the second of Jonas’ three wives, insisted that they get married by a rabbi in a synagogue. The rabbi, the renowned late Gunther Plaut, was sure of Amiel’s Jewish heritage, but was dubious of Jonas’ Jewish identity, given that he had never set foot in a synagogue before.
The points will be added up for a total of the combined judges scores to get your final score. The points will be added up for a total of the combined judges scores to get your final score.
I share the recipes we've fallen in love with and use on a daily basis. With nutritional information for every recipe and healthy desserts for demanding kids (Desserts they’ll love, trust me), this cookbook got you covered.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
They say only Good can create, whereas Evil is sterile. Think Tolkien, where Morgoth can’t make things himself, so perverts Elves to Orcs for his armies. But I think this gets it entirely backwards; it’s Good that just mutates and twists, and it’s Evil that teems with fecundity.
But finally one got the courage to answer “Such stories call out to us, fill us with longing. But we are the daughers and sons of the Goddess of Cancer, and bound to her service. And all that we know is her timeless imperative, KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER. Though our minds long for all you have said, we are bound to our natures, and these are not yours for the asking.”
We should stop thinking that bad cops are rare and start realizing how badly cops abuse their power. The cops get away with everything and the prosecutors and judges only encourage it. The court system is a joke.
In the 75th minute, the comeback was complete when Alessandrini got to the sidelines and squared a low cross that Boateng got on the end of and struck home.
Labour said it proved the Government was "still failing to get a grip on the housing crisis” and mocked Communities Secretary Sajid Javid for “another bad day at the office”.
Shadow Housing Minister John Healey said: “These latest figures show that the Government is still failing to get a grip on the housing crisis, with the number of homes being built actually falling year-on-year.
Like any second language, American Sign Language gets a little easier to communicate in when you're drunk. Or, more accurately, when you're a little drunk—as any undergrad minoring in Spanish or Italian or Mandarin can attest, get a certain number of drinks in you and the fluency bell curve nosedives right back down.
Which wasn't a positive experience at first. "I never really knew about deaf culture," Maxey says. "All I knew was talking. I never signed. And they would always get mad at me; I could talk and they couldn't. It became kind of a hostile environment." Growing up in Atlanta, Maxey was exposed from an early age to hip-hop. So at night in his dorm room, Maxey practiced his sign language along with the lyrics of his favorite musicians—like J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar—and in 2010, at the urging of a friend, he uploaded to YouTube a video of himself signing along to Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz's "One Night Stand."
"He'll learn funny lines like that," Kurdi remarks. "He's always like, 'I'm Pat. I've got too much sauce.'"
Maxey ran into a similar problem trying to sign through Migos's "T-Shirt." "I got to 'neck water faucet' and was like, What the fuck does that mean?" Maxey says. Eventually, it dawned on him: "Water is like diamond. He's got so many diamonds on his neck, he's running like a faucet."
Other translators, though, get too literal, Maxey says; he's seen interpreters use the "campfire" ASL sign when, say, a pair of sneakers is fire, or you're smoking fire next to your window at night to relax. But come to think of it, Chance's songs have a few potential landmines themselves: In Chance's "Smoke Break," "you wouldn't say you're smoking a bowl," Maxey says, with his hands out cupping the air in front of him. "No. You're smoking a bowl," Maxey repeats, this time with one hand holding an imaginary pipe and the other cocked at a lighterly angle above it.
And then, of course, sometimes a rapper says the N-word, and the cross-cultural can of worms springs open. When he can, Maxey skips it to avoid controversy: "If it makes sense in context, sometimes I just replace it with 'homie,'" Maxey says. "Even I never really get used to seeing that word signed." But when there's no reasonably clean substitution, all three interpreters sign the ASL term for that particular slur onstage, and it's usually Kurdi and Gallego, who are white, who catch flak on social media for using it.
"I think a lot of hearing people don't appreciate how much we get out of music," Kurdi says. "We listen to a song, it takes us back to childhood or it puts us in a good mood or it makes us want to party or it makes us connect. That's why there's, say, a graduation song—we all recognize it and we all connect to it.
To paraphrase Wallace, the latter day ZiP gun is like no cheese I’ve ever tasted. With the exception of some stainless bolt heads on the left side and just a glint of barrel inside the ejection port on the right, it’s got more black plastic than an obese rubber fetishist. And then there’s the design; most folks seeing it for the first time don’t even know where to begin. How to hold it? Where’s the trigger? What are all of those things on the front? Is that the front?
This pistol has a lot of potential. If ZiPFactory can work out the kinks and get it to run, they’ll have a winner on their hands. The gun is unique in the extreme, accurate, fun-to-shoot (when it’s running), totally dangerous in the best of cases, extremely dangerous when it jams, modular and customizable as hell. And it’s inexpensive! Plus, it uses the Ruger 10/22 mags you already have.
Like it or hate it, you’ve never seen anything like it. Its style is its own, and it gets five stars for that.
Me: do you know what I did when I got home?
“Some groups got a lot of weapons, others didn’t, there was not an equal distribution,” said a rebel field commander. He said those who sold them instead of getting them to the front line had betrayed the rebel cause.
Another commander complained that high-ranking rebels spent too much time in Amman, lobbying the MOC and “back-stabbing” other rebel units in a competition to get weapons and gain influence with countries bankrolling the MOC.
Like just about any other institution, a party requires legitimacy to operate. It makes many decisions on behalf of its members and operates the complex caucuses, primaries, conventions and other machinery that boil down dozens of candidates into just one nominee. Similarly, it tries to weigh the many wide-ranging views of its members into a coherent platform. For it to do these things and still get roughly half the votes of the American electorate, people have to have some faith that its actions are done in good faith.
Like Cornyn, he said Republicans could return to the issue when they get back to ObamaCare repeal.
“It’s a reasonable ask from the pro-life community, and this is what we’re saying to the most pro-life Congress ever. It didn’t get done on health-care reform, so we expect it in this reconciliation bill.”
“It’s been incredibly frustrating. If this was a priority for leadership, they would have found a way to get this done. This is something we’ve been talking about for many years,” Hawkins said.
“I would actually support that anywhere I could get it," said Sen. James Lankford James Paul LankfordHarris on election security: 'Russia can't hack a piece of paper' GOP advances rules change to speed up confirmation of Trump nominees GOP senator calls Omar's apology 'entirely appropriate' MORE (R-Okla.), a leader on anti-abortion issues in the Senate, when asked if defunding Planned Parenthood should be included in tax reform.
"I've just had enough. I get just so sad and that's not me," she said.
"I never dreamed it would be so hard to get a home.
"A mum with children? You don't get a look in. It's the prices of housing. It's just so expensive."
Nesbitt gets up five times during the night to walk her children to the communal showers and toilets.
It is nearing 3pm. Nesbitt wipes away her tears to get ready to go meet her children.
Now we get to see and hear "Shotgun" Randy Kuhl (R-Hair Club for Men) say on camera that he "firmly believes" that Democrats want the American People to suffer and to hurt." No, really. Here's the exact quote:
Just like in any Stephen King story, you have a lot of characters to deal with. Was there one character that you, in casting, that you felt you just had to get right?
Oh, he loved it. He really adores that character. And what we like about it is that he’s not just an evil guy. He also loves his son. He loves his community. He really wants the people to succeed in living under the dome, but he’s also a kind of megalomaniac. An egomaniac too, so his best intentions get away from him.
One click takes care of all that complex tuning. Your PC is smart with ASUS 5-Way Optimization. It dynamically optimizes essential aspects of your system based on real-time use – so you get superb CPU performance, everyday energy savings, ultra-stable digital power, cool and quiet fans and now even networking and audio settings that are tailored for the apps that you are using. In short, 5-Way Optimization ensures that your PC is perfect for gaming, entertainment, productivity or just about anything else!
OK, maybe not what you would have expected from the man who has so brilliantly played meek chemistry teacher turned drug kingpin Walter White for five seasons. But Cranston, 57, reveals in GQ magazine's August cover story that, while one of the show's camera assistants got the "Bad" logo tattooed on his "tuchus," Cranston opted for a more modest remembrance.
"If you break the spending caps, you're not going to get any Republicans in the Senate," Sen. Lindsey Graham, (R-S.C.) said on ABC News's "This Week."
What has Quincey brought the Red Wings so far? Three points and 29 penalty minutes. 17 of those penalty minutes came last night, 15 as a result of the play that got him suspended.
That’s not the reason it should sound familiar, though. The Russian incursion into Abkhazia and South Ossetia came after the Bush administration made overtures to bring Georgia into NATO, too, as Vladimir Putin responded by going to war with Georgia to seize the two provinces before Georgia had access to an Article V intervention. The Bush administration got tough with Putin at that point, but Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton reversed that policy with their infamous “reset button” in March 2009, leaving the occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as a fait accompli. Their efforts to appease Putin failed spectacularly in Ukraine five years later, when a push from European nations to get Ukraine to realign both politically and economically to the West triggered the same kind of response.
Pence wants to indicate that the Trump administration plans to get tougher with Putin than Barack Obama did, which isn’t hard to do. Georgia will certainly be happy to get back on the US nat-sec radar screen, but this ploy has considerable risk for both Georgia and NATO. Putin has already demonstrated that he’s willing to roll troops over the border to keep the West from setting up camp on Russia’s borders, at least more than they already do in Poland. Putin just got slapped in Montenegro on NATO expansion, but that was a lower-stakes standoff as the Adriatic nation is far from Russian borders. On the other hand, it might serve notice to Putin that his attempts at provocations in the Baltic will get answered in the always-fractious Caucasus, and that the US will not sit still again for Putin’s claims of championing ethnic Russian enclaves elsewhere.
Pence’s European trip comes several days after the U.S. Senate voted last week to approve the new financial sanctions against Moscow. The legislation bars U.S. President Donald Trump from easing or waiving the penalties on Russia unless Congress agrees. Pence told reporters on Tuesday that Trump would sign a bill on a new package of U.S. sanctions against Russia, adding the package was “improved significantly.” The bill underwent revisions to address concerns voiced by American oil and natural gas companies that sanctions specific to Russia’s energy sector could backfire on them to Moscow’s benefit. U.S. lawmakers said they also made adjustments so the sanctions on Russia’s energy sector didn’t undercut the ability of U.S. allies in Europe to get access to oil and gas resources outside of Russia.
“The simple fact is, people are trying to overthrow [Maduro's] government who have armed people on the streets from the opposition killing people. You’ve got people blockading the import of food and medicines and so on.
"You’ve got a lockdown between the parliament and the president, both of whom have been elected. He’s created a constitut- I mean, I’d like to see us do that here in Britain.
“Now there are real problems and Maduro’s got to tackle them," he said.
Retired Capt. Jan van Tol, who commanded the Essex during the 2005 tsunami relief missions in Indonesia, explained that heavy-lift helicopters are needed "given the likely damage to coastal transportation infrastructure and the rugged Japanese terrain." He told Politico, "Essex is on her way up from Malaysia (means a week away...), and other big decks will no doubt be assigned. They're the real assets for this given their heavy helo lift capacity, though the carriers will no doubt get the headlines with their SH-60s. Remember that operating the heavy helos is not merely a matter of the deck space (of which the CVNs obviously have a lot more), but also of the aircraft maintenance capability needed to keep the helos operating (and I expect they'll be worked very heavily)."
Perhaps Singh would have acted differently if he had, like Kejriwal, got a brute majority and the politics of his time had not come under strain because of the Ram Mandir agitation. In the end, the attenuating circumstances contributed to his downfall.
You’ve got to pay to play, and that’s especially true if you want to play PC games with Nvidia’s most powerful graphics option: two GeForce GTX 1080 cards in SLI. Not only will the cards themselves cost you royally ($599 each at a minimum), but you’ll also have to throw down $40 for a new, special SLI HB Bridge, so says Nvidia.
For the first test, I turned to 3DMark Extreme Ultra, which runs at 4K UHD resolution. What I focus on here is the graphics portion of the test. The results indeed show that the HB Bridge yields higher performance but it’s pretty insignificant. You’d likely get more value buying a $40 mouse pad.
“And of course, there were a lot worse ones with tons of F-bombs and worse than that even,” Carlson shrugged. “Intolerance is no doubt why politicians sometimes don’t say what they really think.” “But could that now be changing?” she asked, pointing out that Republicans like Donald Trump, Rob Portman and Bob Dole had all expressed an openness to new gun restrictions. “Maybe it’s time for more of us to start getting real and try to come together to actually get things done,” the Fox News host concluded.
"My concern is that it has got out of hand and what we are seeing is effectively militarisation by stealth."
It's officially Spring Break season, which means that Florida beaches will be filled with intoxicated college students...and the garbage that they produce. Smathers Beach in Key West has always had an issue with empty beer cans and other form of litters being strewn across the sand, but last week they had to contend with a whole new type of problem: Revenge Cannibalism.20-year-old Stock Island resident Cassi Lyn Clayton could be identified as a bit of a "spitfire" to say the least. She had already been arrested on February 4 of this year for attacking an officer and causing a bit of property damage. Unfortunately, there's not much else on record about that arrest or her (apparently very checkered) prior history other than a collection of mugshot ranging from completely adorable to slightly intimidating.But on Monday, March 4 of 2013, 21-year-old Madison Pelfrey of Stamford, Flordia found out just how crazy Cassi could get. At approximately 5:00 PM, Madison was observed throwing her trash onto the beach. This desecration of her natural habitat enraged Cassi, who approached the litter bug and began screaming at her.The argument between the pair continued to escalate to the point where things got physical. That's when Cassi promptly ended the altercation by biting into Madison's right cheek Cassi Lyn Clayton was arrested and charged with misdemeanor battery. She was also released from custody...so if you happen to be Spring Breaking in Key West over the next two months, please make sure to properly dispose of your garbage and/or recyclable materials.
This opens up game mechanics such as being able to commit a crime, change your outfit and possibly fool the people which saw you committing the crime. Or you could possibly stalk an NPC, understand what they were, get similar clothes and commit a crime and later pin it on that unit.
Being able to choose Topics of the Conversation is good and all, but it'll only get you so far, in order to properly interact in a good way you need to be able to respond in a specific "tone of voice".
The contemporary trend of making authoritative extrapolations based on the Facebook “likes” of an alleged assailant often leads amateur sleuths on pointless wild goose chases. It’s difficult to discern with absolute certainty someone’s true political/moral/religious views after a several-hour colloquy, never mind a cursory Facebook skim. Yet, in the aftermath of violent incidents, a person’s social media behavior is frequently taken as dispositive of motivation. Though it’s possible sometimes to make inferences based on Facebook, the idea that you can get a complete character profile based on perusing someone’s online postings is asinine.
This isn’t a critique of Trump, really. The math is simple: Lots of people voting for lots of different candidates means that the guy in first got a lot of votes — but so did the aggregation of everyone else.
Saturday 10 April "Towards the end of Act 1 there was a disturbance caused by a latecomer who wanted to get into the stalls but was stopped by a security guard. There was a slight tussle in which the gentleman fainted. He was taken, or rather carried, to the stage door where it was discovered that he was a diabetic who had eaten the wrong food. Hence the collapse. His friends finally took him away. But not before he threatened litigation."
Wednesday 19 February 1992 "When Mr Byrne removed Mr Villiers' Chancellor's wig he also removed the wig Mr Villiers wears underneath. This left Mr Villers with the said wig in his hand. He walked behind the curtain stage right to get rid of it and at this moment Mr Hammond turned to address him and found him gone. This threw Mr Hammond who lost track of his words and on Mr Villiers reappearing needed a prompt which was given him by Mr Villiers."
Saturday 8 May (first preview) The company and crew all worked very hard and dedicatedly to get the play up and running. Huge thanks are due to the crews. The company were ready for an audience, and the laughs. It was a truly extraordinary evening and the curtain call could have gone on and on.
“It’s sort of ironic they got into trouble. She … should have denied the groups off the bat. But she kept them, kept looking at them, and the rest is history,” Streckfus said.
“When you see employees of the federal government getting badgered by members of Congress … that’s got to have a really detrimental effect on the psyche of any worker [who is] thinking, ‘Wow, if I take action or not, I might be called in front of Congress and I might be badgered like that in front of the whole country.'”
“If you have to do something two and three times, there’s no question you’re going to get into a backlog,” Jaggard said. “Our application we had sent to them was complete with all the information they requested. So make a determination, a thumbs up or thumbs down. They made work for us, and they made work for themselves.”
Now it’s time to get your Chinese friend’s ID card and bank card info, you will need to input it.
Speaking to panellists Nora Ephron and Norah O'Donnell - who she interviewed for her book - Ms Brzezinski said women find it difficult to negotiate a higher pay deal because they get 'embarrassed'.
Saudi brides will now get a copy of their marriage contracts, a privilege that was previously exclusive to men in the ultra-conservative kingdom, the kingdom’s justice ministry has announced.
Women need the permission of their male guardians to get married under Saudi Arabia’s interpretations of Islamic law. They also need that permission to travel and work, in a country where they are not allowed to drive and have to cover from head to toe when in public.
“The imbalance is unacceptable and I call on the Cabinet Secretary to launch an inquiry into this matter as soon as possible so that we can once and for all get to the bottom of this.”
Greg Broussard better known by his stage name Egyptian Lover is an American musician, vocalist, producer and DJ, and was an important part of the L.A. dance music and rap scene in the early 1980s. Egyptian Lover records didn't start appearing until several years after the New York and Miami electro scenes were already in full swing, and by the mid-'80s Egyptian Lover cuts like "Egypt, Egypt" were standards among club DJs, particularly in the breakdance scene. Before Ice-T, N.W.A., and Eazy-E made Los Angeles famous (or infamous) for gangsta rap in the late '80s, the city's rap community was best known for a high-tech, futuristic approach that owed a lot to Afrika Bambaataa's 1982 classic, "Planet Rock." In the early to mid-'80s, L.A.-based electro-hoppers like the Egyptian Lover, the World Class Wreckin' Cru (the group that Dr. Dre belonged to before N.W.A.), the Arabian Prince, and Uncle Jam's Army didn't get much respect from East Coast hip-hoppers, who insisted that their music wasn't gritty enough.
At 4:42, she texted her friend, “OMG just got pulled over again.” It is not clear if she was referring to the 4:30 traffic stop or a subsequent one. She has not been heard from since, though she received an incoming call at 4:53.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
“You can’t imagine the horror of your child missing until you go through it,” she says through tears. “You just don’t know, and we’re just trying to get her message out there, trying to get her face out there to as many places as we can.
“Personally, I think this is like closing down freeways because a bank robber could use them to get away, which I know is an imperfect comparison, but is the best I can do after a night of not-especially-good sleep.”
Australia get this trending in respect to the late Phil Hughes #RIPPhilHughes #putoutyourbats pic.twitter.com/cIlaWgMqAZ — james williams (@jamesw82) November 27, 2014
"I have no intentions of trusting the word of the Ministry," Harry spat, anger beginning to cloud his vision. "Even if you hold up your end of the bargain, would the Ministry really allow former members of the Order of the Phoenix to wander free about the country? That doesn't fit into your 'total control' motif. What would happen when they got out of Azkaban? Would the ship back sink? Would they be run over by the Knight Bus? Would they mysteriously contract Dragon Pox?"
The State Board of Canvassers was supposed to meet this morning to move forward on the recount. Schuette’s motion stops that, at least for now. There’s no guarantee Michigan Supreme Court will agree to bypass the Court of Appeals and go straight to a final and definitive ruling, but given the urgency of the situation - the Electoral College votes in 17 days - this thing can’t be dragged out indefinitely. By the way, even if the recount goes ahead, it’s unlikely to be the hand recount Stein wants. Secretary of State Ruth Johnson has noted that in any recount, the state has the discretion to decide how the recount is conducted - and she has every intention of doing a machine recount if she has to do one at all. Meanwhile, the Michigan Legislature is trying to push through a bill that would require future recount demanders to pay the full cost of the recount. That would not affect situations in which the race is so close that a recount is legally mandated. But that was not the case here. The race was close, with Trump taking the state by just over 10,000 votes, but that’s not mandatory-recount close. And the candidate who came within 10,000 votes of winning is not even the one who demanded the recount, although I would in no way be surprised if Hillary was hiding behind Stein’s skirt so she could claim she was “accepting the results” as she thundered against Trump for supposedly threatening not to do. By the way, I keep hearing people worried that if Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania start recounts as Stein wants, and don’t get them done quickly enough, all three states could lose their electoral votes entirely. This is apparently based on a quote from Michael Haas, administrator of the Wisconsin Elections Commission, from the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel:
Wisconsin’s last statewide recount was in 2011 for a state Supreme Court seat and the outcome did not change. The recount showed Justice David Prosser defeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg by 7,004 votes — a slightly tighter margin than the 7,316-vote victory he had in initial returns. That recount took more than a month. This one would have to happen more quickly because of a federal law that says states must complete presidential recounts within 35 days of the election to ensure their electoral votes are counted. This year, that’s Dec. 13. “You may potentially have the state electoral votes at stake if it doesn’t get done by then,” said Haas.
There are a wealthy, fortunate few with the wherewithal to get online via satellite link-ups, but the vast majority of the 6.5 million people in Somalia’s south-central region are in the dark, said Mohamed Ahmed Jama, chief executive of Dalkom, a Somali telecommunications company that is part of the consortium providing the Eastern Africa Submarine Cable System.
Mohamud has been personally affected too. Unable to check her email in recent weeks she struggles to communicate with her family, most of whom live in Nebraska in the United States. With international phonecalls expensive, she commonly gets in touch via the WhatsApp and Viber messaging services.
I got my hands on an early build of the latest Civilization game, "Beyond Earth," which brings the longstanding 4X series to outer space. No, it's absolutely not Alpha Centauri. Seriously, it's not. Forget that Sid Meier helmed both games, and that Alpha Centauri was basically Civilization in Space. It's not Alpha Centauri.
Beyond Earth attempts to guide you through the game more than past titles, using an overhauled dynamic quest system. I didn't see much beyond the basics in my 55 turns—mostly just "Try to get a unit to this square and see what happens!" type quests—but Firaxis promises it will react to how you're playing and try to both guide you down your current path and prompt you to explore other possibilities. Also, it's apparently an incredibly moddable system, and the developers said they're "excited to see what fans do."
So here we are, back where we started: It all looks like Civilization. But in space. Exactly like you expected. It's hard to get a real feel for a 4X game with only 55 turns—I'd barely researched four technologies when my time with the game was up. Even in 55 turns, however, our room full of journalists had already gone down wildly different paths. I'd given up on forming an army and focused on production. Another journalist in my group had built up an entire legion of troops and marched on the nearest city already.
After three attempts to restart and reload the game only to have it lock up shortly thereafter, I had no choice but to exit the game until I could get back to my desktop to see if it could do any better. Returning to my desktop did allow me to proceed, so your experience may vary.
“There’s one gatekeeper when it comes to Star Wars and it’s Kathleen Kennedy,” says a veteran movie producer, who has worked with the studio chief. “If you rub Kathleen Kennedy the wrong way — in any way — you’re out. You’re done. A lot of these young, new directors want to come in and say, ‘I want to do this. I want to do that.’ A lot of these guys — Lord and Miller, Colin Trevorrow — got very rich, very fast and believed a lot of their own hype. And they don’t want to play by the rules. They want to do shit differently. And Kathleen Kennedy isn’t going to fuck around with that.”
Step 1: get a regular plastic container—any kind will do, so long as it fits in the machine—and put your grounds in it. I prefer to use a pretty fine grind with a 1:9 ratio of coffee to water.
“[I have] concerns about everybody’s relationships with Wall Street,” she said in Springfield, Mass. "This is a rigged game, and it’s rigged because Wall Street makes sure that in every decision that gets made they’re there. They make sure they’ve got their lobbyists and their lawyers so that everything tilts just a little more in their direction. This is what I’m fighting every day in the United States Senate.”
The right is at war with the left. We need to identify who our enemy is, determine their goals and targets, then begin long term planning for war against them-- target them, target their resources and set goals for conquest, what success looks like and what strategies to get there. They must be big, resolute, bold and courageous.
As I said at the beginning, we need to identify who our enemy is, determine their goals and targets, then begin long term planning for war against them-- target them, target their resources and set goals for conquest, what success looks like and what strategies to get there.
The next step is to cross the threshold and become a warrior-- even retired housewives can do that and get involved.
It is easy to get caught up in the hype that naturally follows an overall market growth of over 3,300% in less than one year, with some individual coins far exceeding that. However, it is important to take a step back from the markets periodically and take a look at the past, as well as the future of the industry.
Also, though we all know this, it bears repeating that the crypto market has spoiled us. The gains that even bad investors get in the crypto market are better than anything that investors in most traditional markets could ever dream about. Before you get upset about a correction in the market, remember that you are probably still doing much better than if you had put your money in a traditional market.
We want to give an honorable mention to MSI and the 1080 Ti Gaming X (Amazon), here: The Twin Frozr cooler remains the most effective dual-fan solution we’ve tested this year, and is able to leverage its larger fans to spin at lower, quieter RPMs than some of its competition. The Twin Frozr design isn’t the best by raw numbers, but has an excellent mix of noise-to-cooling performance, and manages this at a lower price than some of the flat-out best coolers, like the Strix. That price reduction matters, and to offer a competitive cooler at a lower price, MSI gets an honorable mention. We are interested to see how the company improves its dual-fan design for 2018.
This next category, “Best for Modding,” could also be taken to mean “most room for improvement.” The MSI GTX 1080 Ti Armor (Newegg) was originally a $700, bottom-of-the-barrel GTX 1080 Ti, and it was for good reason: We found the stock cooler to be abysmal in its performance, and noted that the cooler was highly similar – though not entirely the same – as the coolers on the MSI GTX 1070 Armor cards. The upshot of this, though, is that you could get a very cheap, very good PCB and VRM for entry-level 1080 Ti prices. The best-kept secret of 1080 Tis is that the GTX 1080 Ti Armor, for all its faults, actually has the Gaming X PCB. The Gaming X PCB uses 16 5018SGs hooked up to 8 inductors, controlled by 8 driver ICs, and results in an 8-phase VRM with 4 MOSFETs per phase. The Fairchild dual-FET packages contain both the high-side and low-side FETs, and this overbuilt VRM outputs just 15W of heat under a typical 250A load, or 40W of heat under a 400A OC, assuming 125C and 300KHz switching frequency.
If you’re hoping to buy a 1080 Ti and convert it to a liquid-cooled card – something that we tested with this very card – this is one of the best options. You’re discarding the cooler anyway, so don’t spend big on one; get a cheaper cooler, like the one on the Armor, and a good PCB. In our testing with a closed-loop cooler, the Armor PCB became one of the best cards on our thermal charts, while also retaining one of the better PCBs. You definitely wouldn’t want this thing with its stock cooler, but it’s primed for modding.
Our next category is for Best Technology, which is assigned to the card that made the biggest contribution to the underlying tech in an AIB partner card for 2017. This one goes to the EVGA ICX cards (Amazon), responsible for implementing NTC thermistors across the entire PCB, improving VRM cooling by increasing baseplate surface area, and significantly overhauling ACX after the Great Thermal Pad Incident of 2016. Video cards don’t change much generationally, so to see a company move to install thermistors on critical non-GPU components is big. It may not seem like it to the average user, but if you think about it from a testing perspective, ICX gives us new tools to improve thermal testing accuracy of aftermarket coolers, water cooling blocks, and validate our own external case temperature measurements of VRMs with NTC thermistor measurements. ICX has become a tool for benchmarking, as it’s easy to measure temperatures of components that would usually go unrecognized. This comes at a time when other manufacturers have dropped the ball on VRM thermals, like Zotac with the Amp Extreme and its poor thermal performance when compared to the sheer mass of the cooler. As GPUs continue to reduce power consumption and cards get smaller, temperatures of components other than the GPU core become increasingly relevant. ICX complements what we do with our own thermocouples, and has become an important tool for testing other cooler designs.
Our next award is for Best Value. Thus far, other than the Armor, a lot of these cards have been in the $750 to $800 range. You definitely don’t need a card that expensive to still get the same framerates, and acoustic or thermal performance aren’t universally important to people. We were split between the 1080 Ti SC Black and 1080 Ti Duke, but given the current pricing market, the MSI Duke is winning. This card ranges from $735 to $750, depending on rebates and sales, and ends up priced about where the Gaming X used to be, before the mining craziness. The SC Black used to be closer to $720, but is unfortunately out of stock at that price or boosted to $750 now, making the Duke a bit cheaper. For pure value, we’d recommend considering the Duke.
Young men on the city's South and West Sides told CBS News how easy it is to get illegal guns, and why many never leave their homes without one.
"I got shot twice and I could have been gone but I'm still here so, that scar, that's with me, so," said Tyshaun Grant. "It's hell on earth."
Asked where he got his .40-caliber gun, he said, "Off the streets, people sell 'em."
"At the end of the day, it ain't worth it. But you got 'em motherf*****s wanna go through a drive by, you know what I'm saying? And some innocent, little sister get shot. Guess what? Them and them guys coming back in. That's how the confrontation is going to keep going."
"Put the guns down? Probably would happen. Maybe in the near future. No time right now. I don't want to put my gun down. Nine times out of ten the innocent ones get hurt, you know what I'm saying? If they come do a shooting right now we probably won't even get shot. And we got guns. You might get shot. That's how f****** up it is, you know? But it's survive or be killed."
A pouch-laden marsupial like the kangaroo, Tasmanian tigers are a little backward—literally. Their pouch opened from the back instead of the front and appeared on both male and female tigers. It got its name from the stripes along its back, though it is entirely unrelated to ordinary tigers.
Though the species was discovered in 1808, it seems that the poor Tasmanian tiger was already struggling to survive. It had become near-extinct everywhere but Tasmania by this time. Adapted to survive in the food-scarce jungles, these tigers prowled the underbrush eating anything they could get their jaws on, including kangaroos, wombats, bandicoots, and emus.
The most efficient way to cultivate it was on large plantations. Since it was so valuable it was cheaper to just import food with the profits so as much land as possible could be dedicated to sugar cultivation. It was the islands of the west indies like Jamaica, Haiti, Cuba, and Barbados that were ideal for growing it. Sugar Cane exhausted the soil which would be an important factor in the future. The British West Indies were far more valuable then the mainland in the amount of profits it generated. The British West Indies were at one point 4 times as valuable as all the other British colonies combined. The Growth of the still colonial future northern united states was fueled by providing the food and supplies for these islands which generated enormous fortunes. Those plantation owners who got rich in the sugar returned to England where they formed the powerful “West Indian Interest” as Williams called it which bought a number of famous english politicians like Gladstone and the famous conservative Burke. They used their political muscle to enforce a sugar monopoly forcing England to buy it’s more expensive west indian sugar instead of the cheaper sugar from France’s newer and hence more fertile Caribbean colonies. This would later be their downfall but for a time they would rule England and their enormous fortunes would fund the industrialization of England.
The Banking industry also owed it’s growth to the massive profits generated by slavery. In fact many bankers began as slave traders. Captain on a slave ship was the first step on the ladder that lead ultimately to the Merchant-Banker as Williams points out. One famous bank that made it’s fortune off slavery is Barclays for example. The rich West Indies Planters often became bankers on their return to England. Actually they were so rich that even the King was annoyed and envious of their opulence and they quickly married into the highest ranks of the nobility. Of course even the monarchs of Europe got rich off the slave trade. In fact one major reason for the “Glorious Revolution” as Williams points out was to destroy the lucrative royal monopoly on the slave trade opening the doors to the “Free Trade in Slaves” which would fuel England’s economic growth during the 18th century. England and France fought wars over the “Asiento” the right to sell slaves to Spain’s colonies.
"That's why it' so important to stay invested at a time like this, rather than think it's a time to get out," said Kate Warne, an investment strategist at Edward Jones.
Investors got discouraging U.S. economic news early Wednesday, when the Commerce Department reported that retail sales declined 0.3 percent in September from the previous month. Purchases of autos, gasoline, furniture and clothing slowed.
M/I Homes got the biggest boost among the builders, adding 77 cents, or 4 percent, to $19.99.
As more companies report earnings over the next couple of weeks, investors should get a better read of the impact that the economic situation overseas will have on U.S. companies.
Our country faces some tough challenges over the next few years. We’ve got Brexit taking up all the time in Parliament and making us more inward looking while big global issues like climate change are continuing to threaten our way of life.
You get sucked into their lives.
GS: Money matters always tell the story the best. The CD will clean out bank accounts. Or they play financial games. The reckless gambling and spending will all get discovered right around the time the aggrieved party has begun seriously contemplating the divorce. This makes it even harder to think about throwing in the towel because of how disadvantaged the victim will be walking out.
GS: You have to understand that CDs don't play by the regular rules, so trying to reach consensus with them and exhausting yourself trying to get them to "see" the unhealthiness of their ways is pointless. I have a rhyme I like to use: "It's not that they don't see, it's that they disagree."
A bunch of developers published the ' agile manifesto ' in 2001 after they got fed up with the many software projects that hadn't worked. They thought that these projects were too complicated and too slow, in other words, they weren't sufficient enough. The developers had to do many unnecessary things. The system was inflexible and couldn't cope with changes. It was difficult to plan projects which eventually weren't accomplished on time. The participants were always stressed. And then the agile design process was born.
In an agile environment the phases run parallel instead of following each other. We design, develop and test at the same time. We divide the product into smaller, independent, viable parts that can be released individually. We can design, develop and test these small parts faster and as a result we can get faster feedback from users and the market. If there’s a mistake it comes to light in no time and we can fix it immediately. Therefore, there’s no waste of money and time.
We try to get rid of every unnecessary task. For example, we don’t create infinite documentations, but we prefer personal communications. Here is another post on how we use design as a tool for communication. We just try to avoid designing something that users can’t use.
Want to learn how to implement agile methodologies in your product team? You’re in luck. Recently, we launched a new service: we facilitate 3-to-5-day UX training sessions for teams aiming to get a new perspective on UX. Read more about the training here.
Ellie says "with specialist help and 100% determination" she and her sisters got their father back.
"I wanted to share awareness and fight back against the 'just get over it' attitude, especially on my brother's behalf. Everyone has their dark days, but you are not alone.
The Heimwehr was now determined to get rid of Schober. The Christian Socials agreed to help. The party was jealous of Schober's successes; the relationship was strained additionally by personal tensions between Schober and Seipel and between Schober and his Vice Chancellor, Carl Vaugoin. Vaugoin, a friend of the Heimwehr to begin with, provoked a quarrel with Schober by demanding that Franz Strafella be appointed director general of the Austrian Railways; Strafella was both a noted Heimwehr man and known to be corrupt. When Schober refused, Vaugoin ostentatiously resigned on September 25. Realizing that his cabinet was unable to carry on, Schober submitted his own resignation the same day.
“I want to pick up and pass on the views that don’t get through to my husband or his circle,” Akie said in an interview last week at a restaurant she opened in central Tokyo four years ago. “That is a bit like an opposition party, I suppose.”
“Some people who have great expectations of me and who have opposite opinions to my husband attack me for not telling him things more forcefully. They ask me how I can stay with him when our opinions are different, and even tell me to get divorced,” she said with a laugh during the interview. “They should mind their own business.”
Instead of thinking more, she dialed one of the numbers that appeared on the mobile screen. The call was received by the Deputy Inspector General of Police, who convinced her to get counseling.
On January 3, I got a call from the girl on my public number. She was quite nervous and was about to end her life. She told me she had even searched how to kill herself on Google. Among the search results, she told me, she found my number. I heard her out and told her to come to my office so we could talk about it in detail. Also See Download our Android App And Stay Up-To-Date
The DIG asked the station officer of the women’s police station to take the matter in her hands and give counselling to the girl. The female inspector got in touch with the boy and talked to the couple to search for better options for a better future.
Technology saved this girl’s life and Google should get all the appreciation for listing suicide helpline numbers for such searches instead of the methods.
The body of the email doesn't get specific, so it wasn't clear whether the email referred to the Comey story or the story about classified intelligence. But the letter seems to imply that the reports aren't just "fake news," they are real efforts by people within the government to undermine Trump.
"You already knew the media was out to get us," the email begins. "But sadly it’s not just the fake news …
It’s hard to compare Cholo and Fatih Terim. Terim has been a coach for so long and has experienced unbelievable success. He taught me so much as a young player [at Galatasaray] and I will always be grateful for him and his role in helping me get to this level. On the other hand, Cholo is still in the early of his career as a manager, he is still very young but is already one of the top coaches in Europe. I have no doubt that we will see Cholo as one of the world’s top coaches for many years to come.
Like I said before, every match is a final for us. Every match in the league is a game we must try to win. We take every match as it comes and try to win it, then when we get to the end of the season we will look and see how far it has taken us.
Before I examine a child, I usually try to interact with him/her a bit and chat with the parents, and give the child time to get used to me. As I often do, I asked the mother my standard question, “Are you reading to him?”
She gave me a puzzled look, and then said, “You told me to.” She then related to me how all of her children had developed an interest in books, and that her oldest, the 9 year old, was reading all the time. I don’t often get emotional in the ER, but I choked up a little bit when she told me that.
Finally, the ER is the only place many of the poor can get healthcare, particularly the working poor, who often do not have insurance.
That’s why I think I got choked up. It didn’t take me 60 seconds to talk to that mother about reading; but for the few seconds I gave her, her life, and her 5 children’s lives, were dramatically changed for the better. We think of medicine as saving people’s lives. In this case, maybe I saved several people’s lives; but unlike a more conventional view of medicine, I did not simply restore them to what they were before. Maybe I helped to make them much better, maybe I gave them a life that was larger, and fuller, and happier.
When they get to 3 or 4 years old, begin playing card and board games with them. This helps develop math skills and analytical reasoning. If you do these two things, your children will amaze you when they go to school, and throughout their lives.
I knew a man who would get whipped when he didn’t play well in pee-wee baseball. No good parent would do that, it would only destroy the child’s interest in baseball, and his self-confidence in playing it.
Children figure out most of what they need to do, and how they need to behave, if we just give them some time, and have a little faith. Give them lots of praise and patience, and discipline them as little as you think you can get away with.
Later he added this statement on social media: “I know this change seemed abrupt, but it was something I had been thinking about a long time. I did a lot of writing during my sabbatical last year. It is something I have to get back to and complete. I turned 60 this year. I couldn't let another year pass without at least giving an honest attempt at the writer's life. After that, there are lots of opportunities in this changing media landscape. I look forward to the exploration. Thank you for sharing your thoughts and for listening all these years. New horizons beckon for me. I hope you will friend me on Facebook at 'Steven Scher.' Or @sscher on Twitter. There is still a lot to talk about. To the future!”
Unfortunately, you can only find the surprisingly well priced sandwich at McD's outposts in Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Massachusetts (except locations near the Albany border), Connecticut (except Fairfield County) now through mid-August. Better get road trippin'
Bill Wyman: It’s kind of funny because that’s the trouble with these lists, if you start with the best you get all the fun stuff and then you’ve got the end of it slogging through the bad stuff, so I like to do it from worst to best because you try to dismiss the worst stuff and then start telling the story of the band.
Of course, with The Beatles, The Clash, or Led Zeppelin you have these amazing, crazy stories. One of the reasons people get so mad at these articles is that they start reading and it’s, “This song is bad, this song is bad.” The Clash did maybe 50 great songs and Pink Floyd did like 17. So it’s very difficult.
One of the things I find disappointing in some of the pop criticism is there’s a thing called rhetoric. It’s the art of persuasion when you’re writing. That doesn’t mean debating, it just means all the tricks that you use to get people to read what you’re writing and, in theory, come around to your way of thinking. You can be very mundane, dry, and legal, or you can debate and have fun. What I try to do is I try to alternate between outrageousness and charming, and self-deprecation and pompousness… not pompousness but just saying things from on high but then a couple lines later being kind of humble, or saying, “I used to think this but I was wrong.”
Sometimes when people criticize me I say, “The numbers don’t lie,” and that gets people even madder, but I’m just trying to make it clear that this is completely preposterous. It’s an exercise in writing, and hopefully interesting writing. It’s just to say interesting things to think about it.
"This is very cheeky about rolling all [the measures], because they're never going to get it through."
The country's largest childcare provider, Goodstart Early Learning, has urged the Government to change its tactics to get the long-awaited changes to the sector through Parliament.
Sixth Position (What is before the querent, what is now coming into effect): The Emperor: Fathering. Well, if my lovely wife and I get pregnant in the next seasons I will laugh about this. But I prefer to imagine it as giving birth to Mindcore Studios, my company. The Emperor implies a lot of things I consider to be virtuous and positive, and especially considering its relationship in the Celtic Cross spread I would like to interpret this to mean that the 9 of Pentacles is getting perfected, especially in my DNA/True Will related goals. But it is important that the end game is to let go. To embrace the message of the Hanged Man.
But "we don't have to accept those" indicators, says Karen DeSalvo, health commissioner for New Orleans. She says an extensive effort is underway "to get us to the place we need to be … to be a healthy state."
Therefore, Saliheen are the reformers who set things right. Reformation is a vital part of faith as faith should never be static. This is because anything that doesn’t grow is dead. If I have the same outlook on the world 10 years from now, I have failed to utilize the time to help me grow as a person. Muslims are encouraged to continually make reforms in their beliefs, whenever better information presents itself. That alone should make us more humble and compassionate towards each other, as the “I know it all” mindset gets suppressed.
In a broader sense, Saliheen also strive for reform in their community. Musa and Ibrahim (Salutes and respect to them) are prime examples of this. We have come to the point where we believe Islam to be a set of rituals only. All the while, the core message of the Quran which is all about activism and reformation gets ignored and sidetracked.
The woman, wearing the sharia-approved swimwear known as the burkini, is said to have been told to get out of the pool because the cotton garment did not meet the hygiene standards of the facility, reports Kronen Zeitung.
To the extent Márquez would like the OFAC to lift his designation and more broadly convince to the U.S. government to leave him alone, he would likely need to provide the OFAC with information of value. Indeed, one motivation for the government to pursue persons who allegedly facilitate drug traffickers is that they might be willing to provide critical intelligence to help the government take down traffickers and cartels. Facilitators’ willingness comes from self-preservation: doing so would get them out of trouble. Put another way, the OFAC likely does not “want” Márquez —it wants what Márquez knows about Flores Hernandez, who, as explained above, has been charged with federal crimes.
Meanwhile, presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign finished May with just $1.3 million in the bank. Trump raised just $3.1 million for his campaign during May.
“It’s important to underline that it’s illegal to do this, we’ve obviously signed a very big deal with the Premier League to be a rights holder and to show it, we’ve got legal teams talking with them about what we can do,” he said.
If this crackdown is actually enforced, it could profoundly affect the way you watch not just the Premier League, but the four major sports in North America. Before we get to that, let’s tackle the biggest question here: How seriously will it actually be carried out?
If companies like Twitter, Vine and Reddit give in to the league, these crawlers would certainly wipe out some of the media content uploaded by fans. But it wouldn’t eliminate all of it. As someone who has experience in the video editing world, I’ll just say that professional editors have tricks up their sleeves to get around this kind of thing. Look no further than Major League Baseball, for example.
Everybody knows MLB’s “express written consent” policy. It’s been in place for years, but was largely a punchline until the advent of smartphones, GIFs and social media. Only when people started making GIFs, and now Vines, using MLB original content did the league begin to crack down by removing some of the unofficial content uploaded to blogs and the like. But because of the sheer amount of unauthorized content being created, they haven’t been able to get rid of everything.
Look at the NBA. It’s now a truly global game for many reasons, and one major factor is how tolerant the league is when it comes to sharing online media. This is a league that freely allows users to upload clips to YouTube, Reddit, Vine, Twitter and Facebook. The NBA gets it. It understands how people consume news and highlights now. It’s making nearly $1 billion in the current TV contract with ESPN and TNT. So why not open things up online and promote your product for free? Your key demographic gets exposed to the game and you still have more than enough revenue coming in from broadcast partners and corporate sponsors to thrive as a business.
If the EPL doesn’t want to go completely liberal like the NBA, it should at least look at how MLB has adapted. Official MLB Twitter accounts now create and embed their own GIFs and Vines. Sure, they’re not the best quality, but it’s the principle. They finally get it. They still go after some bloggers who frequently upload videos, but most of their content is embeddable and available on the official site. Meanwhile, fans are still creating and sharing the content with only rare instances of blow-back from the league.
Edit @ 19:00: PokéPark Wii In The Games Department Pokémon Sun & Moon The official Japanese Pokémon Twitter has confirmed that brand new information for Pokémon Sun & Moon is to be released on June 2nd 2016. It's not currently known what information will be revealed at this time but the second we get any more news it'll be posted right here so be sure to keep checking back. For all currently known information, check our Sun & Moon section In The Games Department PokéPark Wii - Pikachu's Adventure For those of you in North America, the Wii title, PokéPark Wii: Pikachu's Adventure is to hit the Wii U eShop tomorrow for $19.99. This game came out back in 2009 for the Wii and is an Action/Adventure game where you play as Pikachu as he explores the PokéPark, playing mini-games along the way. We covered this game in full back in 2009 so click the image to go to our section. Until Next Time, See Ya
The goal of sonic treatment for movies and television is, in a way, to convince you that it doesn’t exist. Sure, we all have our favourite movie themes firmly implanted in our memories, but part of our appreciation for such music resides in the fact that it doesn’t get in the way of the story – it compliments the action, in some way strengthening our emotional connection with the scene. All the other sounds are designed to maintain the suspension of disbelief essential in conveying the plot to the audience.
Foley has a reputation for being one of the most creative and eccentric components soundtrack creation. A massive variety of materials needs to be used judiciously in the art of Foley to create a sense of believability in the incidental sounds in a scene. And though the recording of these sounds involves conventional methods, the studios need to accommodate a range of unique materials like water, sand, foodstuff to different types of flooring mention but a few – it can get messy!
The reporting on what we know about the Benghazi attacks on September 11 just gets more and more interesting. Let’s do a quick Q&A:
True, but Rice didn’t know that at the time because the CIA talking points still referred to “demonstrations” that had been inspired by the protests in Cairo. As David Martin reported: “Over that same weekend, US intelligence began to uncover evidence that there had not been a protest outside the consulate. That new intelligence did not get to Rice before she appeared on the Sunday talk shows, making her the target of Republican accusations the administration was trying to cover up the terrorist attack.”
Bottom line: There were conflicting reports on the ground, and that was reflected in conflicting and sometimes confused reports from the White House. I don’t think anyone would pretend that the Obama’s administration’s response to Benghazi was anywhere near ideal. Nevertheless, the fact is that their statements were usually properly cautious; the YouTube video really did play a role; the attack was opportunistic, not preplanned; and it doesn’t appear to have had any serious connection with Al Qaeda. It’s true that it took about 10 days for all this to really shake out, but let’s be honest: 10 days isn’t all that long to figure out what really happened during a violent and chaotic attack halfway around the world. I get that it’s a nice opportunity for Republicans to score some political points in the runup to an election, but really, there’s not much there there.
A photo of The Boring Company's tunneling machine. Screenshot Serial entrepreneur Elon Musk said his latest venture, The Boring Company, just got "verbal government approval" to build a Hyperloop connecting New York City with Washington DC.
She then saw the SUV parked in the middle of the street, obstructing traffic in both directions, Wood said. The engine was running when she got there, which she found odd because she assumed it was either disabled or broken down, he said.
Crutcher did not respond, Wood said, so Shelby ordered him again to get his hand out of his pocket. He then pulled his hand away and put his hands up in the air, even though he was not instructed to do so, which Shelby found strange, Wood said.
Shelby tried to get Crutcher to talk to her, but he simply mumbled something unintelligible and stared at her, Wood said. He then turned and walked to the edge of the roadway and turned to look at her, his hands still in the air, Wood said. He put his hands down and started to reach into his pocket again, Wood said, and she ordered him again to get his hands out of his pocket.
Shelby then pulled out her gun and had Crutcher at gunpoint as she commanded him to get on his knees, Wood said. She pulled out a gun instead of a Taser because she thought he had a weapon, and she was planning to arrest him for being intoxicated in public and possibly obstructing the investigation, Wood said.
Mr. Tillis found a way to turn his speech impediment into an asset by using his ready smile and innate comedic timing to get his audiences to laugh along with him. He stuttered his way to regular appearances on television talk shows and to clowning bit parts in Hollywood movies.
Both the victims were romantically involved with other employees at the station, according to Parker's boyfriend, WDBJ anchor Chris Hurst. He wrote online that they hadn't shared their relationship publicly but "were very much in love." He said they had just moved in together and wanted to get married. "I am numb," he said.
We were together almost nine months. It was the best nine months of our lives. We wanted to get married.We just celebrated her 24th birthday — Chris Hurst (@chrishurstwdbj) August 26, 2015
Method Sample We tested our predictions in a business context using a sample consisting of 49 publicly traded Fortune 500 organizations. The organizations examined in this paper were taken from a larger study examining the relationships among CEO characteristics, TMT processes, and firm performance during the time period 1996–2002 (see Wong et al., 2011, for details on the sampling process). Following Wong and her colleagues (2011), because of the qualitative nature of this study, we only examined firms from the 2002 Fortune 500 list that had a reasonable amount of media coverage (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period). From this process, the list was narrowed to 65 firms. For each of these 65 firms we then collected articles in the business press and books that described the behavior and personality of each firm's CEO. In order to be included in the sample, there needed to be sufficient information on the CEO to be able to complete an assessment using the California Adult Q‐sort, a forced distribution methodology that allows description of a person using first and third party data (CAQ; Block, 1961; Peterson, Smith, Martorana, & Owens, 2003). We used similar guidelines as those used to collect articles for previous at‐a‐distance research (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period; Peterson et al., 2003; Tetlock, Peterson, McGuire, Chang, & Feld, 1992; Wong et al., 2011). This narrowed our sample to 55 CEOs. Finally, we collected CSR and CSiR data on each firm. Due to missing data, our final sample included 49 organizations. For the organizations that had multiple CEOs during the 1996–2002 time period, we selected those CEOs who were in office during the latter part of our time period.2 The organizations in our sample represented a range of industries (e.g., retail, computer manufacturing) and had an average of $4.0 billion in sales and 138,429 full‐time employees. Examples of organizations in our sample include International Business Machines, Inc., Nike, Inc., and PepsiCo, Inc. Measures Independent variable: CSR Our measure of CSR was obtained from Kinder, Lydenberg, Domini Inc.'s (KLD) social ratings, which is a commonly used measure of CSR that is considered to be a comprehensive measure of multiple stakeholders’ needs (e.g., Agle, Mitchell, & Sonnefeld, 1999; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Strike et al., 2006). KLD ratings examine both positive action (i.e., strengths) and negative action (i.e., concerns) toward a variety of stakeholders. It should be noted that CSR is often measured as an aggregate of the KLD scores that subtracts KLD concerns from KLD strengths (Graves & Waddock, 1994; Hillman & Keim, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1995). However, recent research has suggested that KLD strengths and KLD concerns should be examined separately (e.g., Kacperczyk, 2009; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Strike et al., 2006). Following Strike and colleagues (2006), we utilize KLD strengths to measure CSR and KLD concerns to measure CSiR. The KLD strength ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's strengths along seven key stakeholder benchmarks (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights). Each benchmark is composed of multiple sub‐indicators. For each of these sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR strength. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR strength is when the organization has a history of strong union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR strength is the organization consistently gives more than 1.5% of its net earnings to charity. To obtain our measure of CSR we averaged each firm's KLD strengths scores for the seven benchmarks (Deckop, Merriman, & Gupta, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). Past research on CSR has found significant industry effects (e.g., Waddock & Graves, 1997), and therefore, following Agle et al. (1999) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSR score for each firm. In this study, we used KLD strengths data from 2001 to 2002 to create our CSR measure. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years. The average CSR score adjusted for industry was .48 (SD = .43). The higher the CSR score the more positive actions a firm engaged in toward its seven stakeholders. Independent variable: Moral identity symbolization The most common method utilized to assess moral identity is self‐report measures of the importance of moral traits in terms of centrality to self‐definition (internalization) as well as the extent to which one's behaviors emblemize these traits (symbolization; Aquino & Reed, 2002). Aquino and Reed (2002) developed a list of nine traits that describe a moral person: caring, compassionate, fair, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and kind. This list of traits is not meant to be exhaustive but rather representative of a moral person. In their study, participants were asked to imagine how a person who represented these traits would think, feel, and act and then respond to five items measuring internalization (e.g., “Being someone who has these characteristics is an important part of who I am”) and five items measuring symbolization through the behaviors, activities, and organizational memberships that reflected these traits (e.g., “I am actively involved in activities that communicate to others that I have these characteristics”). They correlated these self‐report scales with other methods of moral identity assessment including judges’ ratings of morality based on individuals’ descriptions of their personality and found for example that self‐ratings on moral identity symbolization were positively correlated with third party morality ratings (Study 4). Thus, Aquino and Reed not only identify moral identity traits but also indicate that third party observers can reliably assess moral identity symbolization. With regard to our study, because top leaders typically do not submit to lengthy psychological tests (Hambrick, 2007; Sumanth & Cable, 2011), we adapted the measurement method Aquino and Reed (2002) utilized in their fourth study by obtaining judges’ ratings of leaders’ moral identity symbolization based on publicly available information on their personal characteristics (i.e., behavior and personality). Specifically, we employed a Q‐sort methodology. The Q‐sort methodology asks evaluators to observe or read information on a person, group, or organization and then rank a set of statements or items in terms of how characteristic they are of the person (i.e., California Adult Q‐sort; Block, 1961), group (Group Dynamics Q‐sort; Peterson, Owens, Tetlock, Fan, & Martorana, 1998), or organizational culture (Organizational Culture Q‐sort, O'Reilly, Chatman, & Caldwell, 1991). One of the strengths of the Q‐sort methodology is that it combines “the descriptive richness of the qualitative approach with the rigor of a quantitative approach by creating a common data language” (Peterson, Owens, & Martorana, 1999, p. 107) that allows for comparisons among individuals, groups, or organizations across time and situations. Moreover, it is possible to utilize publicly available information to conduct the Q‐sort, thus allowing measurement of individuals or groups that are normally difficult to examine (Peterson et al., 1999). Because we were interested in examining individual leaders, we utilized the California Adult Q‐sort (CAQ; Block, 1961), which is composed of 100 items that describe an individual. Sample items from the CAQ include “Behaves in an assertive fashion; not afraid to express opinions; speaks up to get what s/he wants” and “Has a rapid personal tempo; behaves and acts quickly; is fast‐paced.” Research assistants, who were blind to the study's hypotheses, independently reviewed publicly available interviews and biographies of each CEO in our sample and then rated him/her in terms of each of the 100 items by sorting them into those that were most characteristic and least characteristic of the CEO. Our measure of moral identity symbolization was composed of seven CAQ items that were representative of moral traits (Aquino & Reed, 2002). The seven items of our moral identity symbolization scale were “Is dependable and responsible (CAQ item 2),” “Is giving, generous toward others (regardless of the motivation) (CAQ item 5),” “Behaves in a sympathetic and considerate manner (CAQ item 17),” “Is productive, gets things done (CAQ item 26),” “Has warmth; has capacity for close relationships, compassionate (CAQ item 35),” “Makes moral judgments; judges self and others in terms of right and wrong (regardless of the nature of the moral code, whether traditional or liberal) (CAQ item 41),” and “Behaves ethically; has a personal value system and is faithful to it (CAQ item 70).” These items overlap with Aquino and Reed's (2002) traits of caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and fair. For instance, Aquino and Reed's traits caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, and helpful relate to the CAQ items that focus on warmth, capacity for close relationships, sympathetic, considerate, and giving. Aquino and Reed's trait hardworking relates to the CAQ items that focus on being dependable and responsible, and being productive. Finally, Aquino and Reed's traits fair and honest can be seen in the CAQ items that mention morality and ethical behavior. The mean moral identity symbolization score was 6.68 (SD = .75) and was highly reliable (α = .81). The specific procedure for the CAQ is as follows. We first collected qualitative information on each CEO in our sample from books as well as the business press. To compile these information packets we searched for interviews, speeches, biographies, and autobiographies in the business press (e.g., Business Week, Fortune, and Forbes) and books that discussed the CEO's background, behaviors and personality. Each packet included biographies on the CEO from Marquis Biographies and the International Directory of Business Biographies, as well as multiple articles or interviews from the varied sources mentioned above. Articles or book chapters had to be at least 1,000 words in length to be included in the packet. Packets (i.e., total pages of articles) were required to be at a minimum 20 pages and at a maximum 50 pages (procedure adapted from Peterson et al., 2003). Research assistants were trained in a series of sessions. They were asked to read through a CEO's packet and write in the margins or mark areas that seemed of particular significance to the CAQ items. After reading through the packet, research assistants were asked to describe the CEO along the 100 CAQ items. Research assistants were told to rely on the information from the packet when making their assessments and disregard any prior knowledge or preconceived notions of the CEO. The specific procedure is as follows: Research assistants began the process by sorting the cards into three stacks, starting with Item 1. Each of the 100 CAQ items is presented on a 2×3 card, which was obtained from Mind Garden, Inc. In the first stack, coders placed those cards for which the qualities or traits were least characteristic of the CEO. In the second stack, research assistants placed all cards for which the qualities or traits were moderately characteristic of the CEO. And finally, the third stack included all cards for which the qualities or traits were most characteristic of the CEO. For this initial card sort, the research assistants were told that no attention needed to be paid to the number of cards falling into each grouping. Once the three stacks had been established, the coders were then told to further differentiate the items, or cards, into more categories, placing the least characteristic statements at one end and the most characteristic statements at the other until the items were rank ordered into one of nine categories that ranged from 1 = most uncharacteristic to 9 = most characteristic. Because the CAQ follows a forced distribution, research assistants were told to place fewer cards in the extremes (i.e., only five CAQ items can be rated a 1 and only five CAQ items can be rated 9) and more cards in the center categories (i.e., 18 CAQ items can be rated a 5). This process is advantageous compared to standard scale‐based measurements because it increases interrater reliability as well as the predictive power of the measure. At least two research assistants independently reviewed a CEO's qualitative packet and then individually rated the CEO on the 100 CAQ items. Our interrater reliability on our sample of 49 organizations ranged from α = .71 to α = .97 with an average of α = .84 (SD = .06). Thus, the research assistants’ scores were averaged to create one CAQ sort per CEO. Dependent variable: CSiR As with our measure of CSR, our measure of CSiR was obtained from KLD's CSR ratings, specifically the KLD concerns. The KLD concerns ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's concerning behavior in relation to the same seven key stakeholders (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights), with each stakeholder benchmark composed of several sub‐indicators. For each of the stakeholder benchmark sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR concern. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR concern is when the organization has poor union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR concern is the organization has engaged in controversial behavior that has negatively impacted a community's economics (e.g., reducing property value within a community). Following previous research (e.g., Strike et al., 2006), we averaged the KLD concerns scores along the seven key stakeholder benchmarks to measure CSiR. In addition, we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSiR score for each firm (Agle et al., 1999; Waldman, Siegel, & Javidan, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). In this study, our dependent variable was comprised of KLD concern data from 2003 to 2004 in order to cover the 2 years after the measure of our independent variable (i.e., CSR). However, additional analysis of time lags ranging between 1 and 4 years for our dependent variable indicate the same pattern of results. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years (i.e., 2003 and 2004). The average social irresponsibility score adjusted for industry was .50 (SD = .44). The higher the CSiR score, the more a firm engaged in negative actions toward the seven stakeholders. Control variables Previous research on social responsibility has found that it is related to firm financial performance (e.g., return on assets; see Margolis & Walsh, 2003 for a review). Thus, we control for industry‐adjusted firm financial performance using firm return on assets (Agle et al., 1999) averaged over the sample time period. In addition, following David and colleagues (2007) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we control for industry‐adjusted CSiR over the sample time period. Researchers have also noted the possible effects of firm size, and therefore we control for firm size (log of the average sales over the sample time period; e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1990; Graves & Waddock, 1994; Waddock & Graves, 1997). Following Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we also control for CEO tenure (logged). Finally, because our CAQ packets varied in the number of pages, we control for packet length (in pages, logged). Industry data were collected from Dun & Bradstreet's Industry Norms and Key Business Ratios, firm data were obtained from COMPUSTAT, and data for CEO tenure were obtained from Dun and Bradstreet's Book of Corporate Managements.
COLIN McLaren got the bad news the week he started at the police academy: his much-loved Uncle Neil had been killed in a shooting accident.
McLaren knows that the fact most Americans don't believe the official account of the assassination does not guarantee they will "buy" what he calls his "brief of evidence". But when he launches a three-week publicity tour of the US and Canada today (including the David Letterman show and a Wall Street Journal interview) at least he gets the chance to argue it was a fumbling accident, not a murky assassination conspiracy.
You’re never going to get all of the nutrients you need from the same foods everyday so make sure you’re mixing up your diet. Not only will this help to ensure you are getting all the right kinds of nutrients you need but it will also help to keep your meals interesting. Nobody is ever going to stick to a really restrictive diet so make sure you vary it up a bit to ensure you stick to your goals.
You’ll all be glad to hear that Ben isn’t tee-total when it comes to getting your fitness and nutrition right. He advocates a 90/10 split in your diet as if you get it right 90% of the time your body should be able to deal with the other 10% and still maintain the kind of composition your are looking for. So don’t feel too guilty for that pint and curry after a game on a Saturday, without it you might struggle to stick to your healthy eating the rest of the time. Just be careful that you don’t start to go beyond the 90/10 split as the more the two figures start to come together the harder you’re going to find it to maintain your body composition.
Ben points to three key supplements that would be useful to all rugby players once they have got their basic nutrition right. I’m sure many of you will already be packing whey protein shakes in your gym kits and taking creatine, what many of you may not however be aware of is the benefits of a magnesium supplement. magnesium is a great aid in recovery, particularly after a bruising game of rugby.
As mentioned Ben is a big advocate of magnesium supplements, after particularly bruising games think about using magnesium bath salts to help recover from delays onset muscle soreness (DOMS). In addition Ben also has a tasty recommendation for helping your recover from injuries. Get down to your local butchers and buy plenty of on-the-bone meat, get it all in a pan with some stock and a whole load of veggies. Leave it to stew for a while before removing the bones. The resultant broth is packed full of the kinds of nutrients that will help improve recovery times.
The key here is to consume the bulk of your carbs post training. As you can see it is key to get as much protein in to each meal as possible along with a big portion of veg or leafy greens.
As you can see potentially there’s a huge amount to consider when trying to get into the right kind of shape for rugby but with the right amount of prep and planning your health and fitness goals are attainable. It is all down to the individual so play around with your diet and find what works for you. This isn’t rocket science but it is clear that for a lot of people there needs to be a huge shift in mentality.
Once you have their money, you never give it back. (“The Nagus” [DS9]) Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to. (“The Maquis, Part II” [DS9]) Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. (“The Nagus” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]) Keep your ears open. (“In the Hands of the Prophets” [DS9]) Small print leads to large risk. (Legends of the Ferengi) Opportunity plus instinct equals profit. (“The Storyteller” [DS9]) Greed is eternal. (“Prophet Motive” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Anything worth doing is worth doing for money. (Legends of the Ferengi) A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along. (“Melora” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. (“Heart of Stone” [DS9]) Satisfaction is not guaranteed. (“Meridian” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Never place friendship above profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) A wise man can hear profit in the wind. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money. (“Acquisition” [ENT]) There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9]) Never insult a Ferengi’s mother. Insult something he cares about instead. (“The Siege” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) It never hurts to suck up to the boss. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) War is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Siege of AR-558” [DS9]) Peace is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Perfect Mate” [TNG]) She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) Profit is its own reward. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never confuse wisdom with luck. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t trust a man wearing a better suit than yours. (“Rivals” [DS9]) The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Never ask when you can take. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Babel” [DS9]) Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. (“Armageddon Game” [DS9]) There is no substitute for success. (Legends of the Ferengi) Free advice is seldom cheap. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Keep your lies consistent. (Legends of the Ferengi) The riskier the road, the greater the profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “Little Green Men” [DS9], “Business as Usual” [DS9]) Win or lose, there’s always Huyperian beetle snuff. (Legends of the Ferengi) Knowledge equals profit. (“Inside Man” [VGR]) Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum. (“Civil Defense” [DS9]) Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (“The Homecoming” [DS9]) Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge. (Legends of the Ferengi) The flimsier the product, the higher the price. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never let the competition know what you’re thinking. (Legends of the Ferengi) Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits. (Legends of the Ferengi) Females and finances don’t mix. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9], “Profit and Lace” [DS9]) Expand or die. (“False Profits” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]*) Enough... is never enough. (Legends of the Ferengi) Every man has his price. (“In the Pale Moonlight” [DS9]) Trust is the biggest liability of all. (Legends of the Ferengi) Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever. (“The Jem’Hadar” [DS9]) Sleep can interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Faith moves mountains... of inventory. (Legends of the Ferengi) There is no honor in poverty. (Legends of the Ferengi) Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack. (“Rivals” [DS9]) Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9], “The Darkness and the Light” [DS9]) Never have sex with the boss’s sister. (“Playing God” [DS9]) Always have sex with the boss. (Legends of the Ferengi) Everything is for sale, even friendship. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) You can’t make a deal if you’re dead. (“The Siege of AR-558” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Wives serve, brothers inherit. (“Necessary Evil” [DS9]) Only fools pay retail. (Legends of the Ferengi) There’s nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Know your enemies... but do business with them always. (Legends of the Ferengi) Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money. (Legends of the Ferengi) Hear all, trust nothing. (“Call to Arms” [DS9]) Never cheat a Klingon... unless you’re sure you can get away with it. (Legends of the Ferengi) It’s always good to know about new customers before they walk in your door. (“Whispers” [DS9]) The justification for profit is profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. (“Little Green Men” [DS9]) Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success. Don’t hesitate to step on them. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach. (“The Maquis, Part I” [DS9]) You can’t free a fish from water. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9]) Always know what you’re buying. (Legends of the Ferengi, “The Abandoned” [DS9]) Beware the man who doesn’t make time for oo-mox. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Profit and Loss” [DS9]) Latinum lasts longer than lust. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) You can’t buy fate. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never be afraid to mislabel a product. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) More is good. All is better. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wife is a luxury. A smart accountant is a necessity. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t let doubt interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) When in doubt, lie. (Legends of the Ferengi) Deep down, everyone’s a Ferengi. (Legends of the Ferengi) No good deed ever goes unpunished. (“The Collaborator” [DS9], “The Sound of Her Voice” [DS9])
Lots of people have asked me to comment since the report. I first got involved with Bletchley Park in 2003 and started a campaign to save it in 2008 when I found out that they were having financial difficulties. I’m currently writing a book Saving Bletchley Park about the campaign, the people involved, what we did, what worked and what didn’t.
I’ve stressed about this for years, I’ve tried talking to people on both sides, almost all of whom I respect. I was invited to join BPT in 2012 by Sir John Scarlett and became a trustee for 18 months. My main goal in becoming a trustee was to try to ensure Bletchley Park as a whole’s future success, with a fundamental part of that being trying to help both trusts work together with a view to at some point becoming a single trust. I sought to get BPT to agree to ask TNMOC to go to external mediation together to get them talking to each other and working on a way of moving forward together. Unfortunately I was not able to persuade the board to take that route.
In an interview with The Guardian yesterday I said that I thought mediation, getting the two trusts around a table talking together absolutely what is needed, and that I believe it will happen. We need to get them both discussing their issues with an external, objective mediator, only then can we move this situation forward. One of the problems is that everything is not on the table, no real time, full and frank discussions around all of the issues that exist have happened (to my knowledge). Like any situation where there is a breakdown in a relationship, a chain of reactions going from one side to the other is not useful. We need the equivalent of Relate, relationship counselling, but for organisations rather than individuals. Does that exist? I thought of ACAS but they unfortunately are not appropriate.
Along the path of my career I have met interesting and unforgettable people. I have had a front-row seat to history in which most people never get to sit. I have watched as technology changed the way we do things and sped up the world. My first stories for Jack as a correspondent from the Fraser Canyon (no kidding!) were written on an old 1940’s Royal KMM typewriter, which I still have. Ours was a tiny hot-metal job shop, with an old Linotype on which Jack would set galleys of type for business forms, which would then be printed on a platen press. Our paper was printed in Abbotsford, and I would deliver copies up and down the Fraser Canyon in an old 1969 Datsun 210.
Where do you think the online rip-off artists and “free” news aggregators get their news stories from? Mainstream media agencies like The Sun that employ and pay the freight for people like me. Lose us and you really lose trust.
You can believe what you want but please, allow me to do the same. The Zionists never stop bringing up the Holocaust, so is it not my right to question why no one ever mentions the Armenian massacres or the more recent genocide in Rwanda? So let's for now ignore what we've been led to believe regarding the holocaust. Let's think logically. The concentration camps were in the East, on the Russian side. Those in charge of the camps knew waiting for the Russians simply wasn't an option. With 20 million of their own dead, the Russians weren't taking prisoners. In any case, sooner or later, supply lines would be cut. Food and water would not get through, so well before the Russians reached the camps, the Germans upped and left. Of course camp internees could have left too - many most probably did but where would they go? They were effectively in a war zone without food and water. Those who stayed in the camps at least had shelter and the genuine hope that help would soon arrive. So far, have I said anything unreasonable?
Those left in the camps had little chance of knowing exactly what was going on. Certainly they were aware Germany's defeat was imminent but as each day went by, without food and water, what could these poor people do? What options were available to them? Most were already so malnourished and weak, all they could do was wait for relief. They couldn't go out and get it! As each day passed, slowly but surely, the camps inhabitants succumbed to dehydration and starvation. As each week passed, more died; the bodies piled up. Those alive literally had no strength to bury the dead. This served to exacerbate the dilemma for it led to the outbreak of disease which in turn caused the death count to rise exponentially. Have I said anything unreasonable here? Okay. Now let's see if my synopsis fits well with the photographic evidence and TV footage.
So lo and behold - those who are responsible for all the False Flag events; those behind the JFK assassination, the attack on the USS Liberty in 1967 where 34 US sailors were killed in a botched attempt by the Israelis to pin the blame on Egypt and above all, the very people who planned and executed 9/11 - are now trying to make it illegal for anyone to criticize them! You'd think it couldn't get much worse than this! Wrong! Zionists are of the Ashkenazi tribe. They are not Jews. They were originally from Georgia, Russia. By the time of the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, they'd assumed control of virtually every significant position. What followed was murder and mutilation on a scale that truly beggars belief. I read Alexander Solzhenitsyn book 'Two Hundred Years Together.' After all, this dissident won the 1970 Nobel Prize for Literature. His credibility could not be questioned yet this book was a blow by blow account of how 66 million Russians were butchered by the Ashkenazi. So I had to read it and my oh my - some of the methods of torture were so revolting at times it was positively stomach churning. Families would be forced to watch their children being mutilated one by one. It still gives me nightmares. To take someone's life for no reason is deplorable but I cannot for the life of me comprehend how any human could wish to inflict such unimaginable fear, pain and horror upon anyone. I don't care what upbringing one may have had - this is sick.
Optus has dusted off its M & A playbook for iiNet but is not expected to get involved in a takeover war that has already sent the Perth based telco's shares to fresh highs.
Hello w0rld! JUMPSEC researchers have spent some time on the glibc DNS vulnerability indexed as CVE 2015-7547 (It hasn’t got a cool name like GHOST unfortunately…). It appears to be a highly critical vulnerability and covers a large number of systems. It allows remote code execution by a stack-based overflow in the client side DNS resolver. In this post we would like to present our analysis.
Catch up with technical upgrades. If you’ve hedged against technical upgrades and are generations behind the latest versions, now’s the time to get compliant, before you're asked to support a business agenda that requires an ERP engine with more horse power.
The sun’s energy is difficult to get a hold of – and even more difficult to hold on to. Now chemists have developed molecules with the capacity to create and store substantial amounts of solar energy that may also be released on demand. This is after research by Anders Bo Skov, a master’s student collaborating with the University of Copenhagen’s (UCPH) Center for Exploitation of Solar Energy.
"We have not taken care of our largest asset: our streets. We have to change that," Mayor Hales said. "We've been talking about this for 13 years, and we held several town halls this winter and spring to hear from people. Despite that, many constituents still haven't been heard yet. We get that. Postponing the Council vote will give people time to weigh in on whether this is the best solution to this dire need, and to consider changes to make it work better."
"The last street free proposal in 2008 was derailed by a lobbyist filing a referendum petition," said Commissioner Novick. "This one has been temporarily delayed due to concerns voiced by small business owners and low-income people and advocates. We are in a hurry to get to work, but if we're going to be delayed, it's for the right reasons."
While Aphelion will launch their own ux/ui, being an open source project they encourage the development of new and custom ux/ui’s. This will allow others to build and design different interfaces to maximize the end-user experience leveraging the Aphelion protocol. Aphelion is unique in this sense, not only will Aphelion build and design a superior ui/ux, they encourage their community to build their own custom off chain interface. This results in a huge win for traders – we get choice.
This is the saddest day of my life. I can't even wrap my mind around the horror of what happened last night in Orlando, where 50 joyful dancing queers were murdered by a religious extremist. I'm sad -- devastated, in my soul -- about that; but I'm also sad that the events of Orlando have shattered my political beliefs, as I can no longer swear allegiance to a peace-love-and-unicorns progressive philosophy that only helps to get my fellow queers killed.
Trooper Shawn Wolfe of the Pennsylvania State Police filed those charges, and he testified Wednesday got involved with the case as soon as Jones contacted him.
Ward agreed to let the troopers bind his hands with duct tape. He got down on the ground in a gravel parking lot. Troopers squirted ketchup on his head and pooled it on the ground around him to mimic blood. They then took a photo and put the picture in Jones' phone.
The 7" single was backed with two tracks from Contractual Obligation, "I Bet You They Won't Play This Song on the Radio" and "I'm So Worried", while the cassette and CD singles added a German-language version of "The Lumberjack Song" taken from the first Fliegender Zirkus episode. The single reached the top ten in October and prompted a deliberately chaotic performance by Idle on Top of the Pops. Despite some predictions, it did not manage to bring an end to Bryan Adams' unprecedented run at the top of the UK Singles Chart with "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", instead peaking at number 3 and leading to a re-promotion for the 1989 compilation Monty Python Sings, which the song opens. However, the single did get to Number 1 in Ireland on 13 October 1991, despite Life of Brian having been banned in Ireland, and the soundtrack on Warners withdrawn when released after protests. Following this attention, the song became more popular than ever. Two cover versions, by Tenor Fly (incorporating the piano riff from Nina Simone's "My Baby Just Cares for Me"), and the cast of Coronation Street, both reached the charts in 1995.
Apollo VII was the first test drive of the Apollo spacecraft, limited to Earth orbit, yet it offered glimpses of the more ambitious flights to come. The crews would get nowhere near the moon without the upper stage of the giant Saturn V rocket, which would blast them out of Earth orbit and would carry the lunar module like a kangaroo joey in an onboard compartment. On the way to the moon, the petals of that compartment would open and the lander would be extracted. Apollo VII practiced that maneuver in Earth orbit, with no LEM aboard. The close-to-home pantomime would play out for real just a few missions later.
The business of planting the American flag on the lunar surface never got old. The larger view was always the better one, of course: American astronauts were emissaries not of a nation, but of a species. But the 205 million members of that species who lived in the United States still thrilled to the image of the stars and stripes. On Apollo XII, it was Al Bean’s job to plant and position the flag—which was stiffened in the airlessness of the moon by a rod stitched into its top edge. Commander Pete Conrad, like generations of vacation photographers, is visible only as a long shadow.
After the first of three lunar expeditions, the fender on the right rear wheel of the Apollo XVII lunar rover broke off. “Oh, there goes a fender. Oh shoot!” commander Gene Cernan could be heard exclaiming on the air-to-ground loop. That was a problem because lunar dust is finer than confectioner’s sugar and in the 1/6th gravity of the moon, it got kicked up easily by the rover’s tires, potentially fouling machinery and even the astronauts’ life support equipment. The solution: four lunar maps folded just so and fastened with what Cernan called “good old-fashioned American gray tape.”
With many student loan borrowers graduating right now, student loan companies are taking notice. With most Federal and private student loans, borrowers get a six month grace period before their first payment is due. It's during this time that scammers try to take advantage of unsuspecting student loan borrowers, and borrowers need to know what to expect.
To get you to sign up, they will typically highlight other clients that they were able to do this successfully with, and show you how much you could possibly save.
The trouble with these companies is that they will always fail you - making them a scam. Since student loans typically can't be discharged under any circumstance, lenders have no incentive to negotiate with these companies, and in turn, you get scammed because you are out the fees you paid.
Second, simply call your lender if you have a problem. Your student loan servicing company has a lot of different ways to help you, and many of them only take a short phone call and a little paperwork to get done. You can usually get different repayment plans, forbearance, deferment, and more. So, before you go to another company, go with your current student loan lender.
When MDPV gets to the brain, the effects include producing feelings of empathy, stimulation, alertness, euphoria, sensory awareness and hallucinations. Other reported effects include rapid heart rate, high blood pressure, and sweating. According to the DEA, MDPV has been reported to cause intense panic attacks, psychosis, and a strong desire to use the drug again.
ACT also seems to share Trump’s attitude on First Amendment freedoms for Muslims: A few years ago, the group tried to get UCLA to ban a campus chapter of the Muslim Students Association.
Sure, that isn’t a lot of money compared to what the likes of Flipkart and Snapdeal are being able raise currently, but the fight for funds is also likely to get tougher. By 2020, India’s tech startup ecosystem will have some 11,000 firms, more than three times the current number.
Chris, London Michael Blastland is to be congratulated on providing a balanced and informative article - head and shoulders above the attempts of his colleagues! This is what journalism SHOULD be about. Why do we not get this kind of insight in other pieces? Particularly with climate change, where so much rubbish is presented as if it were true.
The Rangers expect Martin to be ready for the majors within a year, and the early returns from Frisco do nothing to dispute this. He could move up to Triple-A by mid-summer, and a September promotion is possible if the Rangers want to get a look at their big investment before 2012. I would rate him as a solid Grade B prospect right now, with a B+ by the end of the year if he maintains this level of performance.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
Each task that a process performs is a series of operations. The processing of these series of operations is called execution of a thread. A process can distribute tasks to multiple threads. It creates threads by calling a function exposed by the operating system. The operating system creates, manages and schedules threads. It does this for all the applications and services running on it. The operating system usually ends up creating a much larger number of threads than the number of cores on the computer. To be able to handle so many threads, each core has to serve multiple threads. The operating system assigns a thread to be executed on a core for some time, and then uses the same core for another thread. This process is called scheduling, and the duration for which a thread is assigned to a processor / core is called a time slice. When the time slice for a thread is over, it is pre-empted (taken off the processor) and put aside for scheduling. Whenever the thread gets another time slice for itself, it resumes from where it had been pre-empted in the last run.
The main reason for all the complexity in multi-threaded applications is that, the same data / memory location gets shared between multiple threads. Let us take a very simple task of incrementing a counter. Whenever an event occurs, we need to increment the counter. A simplified series of operations needed for incrementing a counter is as follows:
One of the synchronisation features is mutex (mutual exclusion). A thread locks a mutex, and until the thread unlocks it, no other thread can lock it. A mutex is typically used to protect a variable from data races. To avoid race in the counter example, lock a mutex before the read operation, and unlock after the write operation. Thus any one of the two threads gets to lock the mutex first. The other thread remains blocked. Once the counter is updated and written back, the first thread unlocks the mutex. This is when the second thread gets to lock the mutex and is able to proceed. By this time the counter is already updated by the first thread, hence the read by the second thread gets the incremented value. This provides the needed consistent behaviour. Programmers have to follow a discipline of using mutexes whenever they have to use variables that are shared between threads.
If two threads are contending to get a lock on a mutex, the operating system or language makes sure that only one of them gets it. The other thread blocks. This causes only one thread to effectively proceed. In-spite of having multiple cores / processors on the system, it behaves as if it were single threaded. In fact if the application is single threaded, it could have avoided acquiring locks, and thus could have been faster! After all acquiring lock is some overhead even if there are no contending threads (it is an operation after all). Hence indiscriminately sharing all data between threads and thereby protecting it with mutexes would lead to slow down of the system.
Let us say there are two variables which are protected using different mutexes. Now suppose there are two threads operating on the variables. The example below illustrates how two seemingly un-related functions get blocked indefinitely.
The reason for these levels of caches is higher performance. It is much faster to load a value from L1 cache into the register compared to loading from L2 cache. Similarly the access to system memory is very slow compared to the L2 cache. Hence, the processors predict the data they might need, and pre-fetch those into the caches. Sometimes the predictions go wrong, so it has to drop the existing contents in the cache, and get the right ones. This is called a cache miss.
In the example above, R1 could be the register eax of the x86 architecture. This register is 32 bits. So even if the counter happened to be an unsigned char, that is, just one byte (8 bits), R1 would load 32 bits. The remaining unneeded 24 bits next to the counter therefore get loaded in the register. Please bear this in mind, as the implication of this is elaborated later on.
The compilers often optimise poorly written code to get faster executions. (The code could be stylistically good, however from the processors perspective it could be poor.) Various levels of optimisations can be turned on while building the code. Sometimes these optimisations can become very aggressive in reordering instructions and cause various kinds of issues.
The processor loads the memory location (32 bits) as shown above into its register. The counter will get incremented by operating on the register, and then the whole 32 bits will get written back to the memory location. However, if x was updated by some other thread, it would get overwritten right? Surprise! It does not! This is because the language states that two unrelated variables should behave independent of each other. The language guarantees, and the compilers help keep sanity in a programmers life.
Locks cost performance. Locks are best avoided, when performance is of prime importance. If some form of synchronisation is needed in these high performance systems, programmers prefer atomic operations. Consider the counter example. The counter can be implemented as an atomic integer. Whenever an increment happens all other threads can see the effect of this increment. The complete set of operations needed for READ, MODIFY, WRITE happen as one unit. This seems ideal. The atomics are implemented by making use of the processor instructions. No lock/unlock call is done. Hence using atomic operations one can be sure that the thread will make progress, and deadlocks cannot happen. The atomics exploit hardware instructions only as long as the atomic object is of the size of a WORD or less, i.e. the object fits in a register. All other atomic objects use locks to get the atomic behaviour.
Using hardware instructions, these semantics are implemented by the compiler. They are known as barriers or fences. Atomics are implemented using the barriers. Needless to say, if these are exploited, a programmer can get performance better than using atomic variables.
First, Cas is short for Casimir - Casimir Joseph Banaszek. A name doesn't get much better than that, ladies and gentlemen.
Leon Searcy is now a cautionary tale in the NFL - and not because he ended up being a bust. The Steelers drafted Searcy out of the University of Miami in 1992. Although he didn't start in his first season, Searcy became an anchor on the offensive line and helped Pittsburgh get to Super Bowl XXX, where they were defeated by the Cowboys. This is where the trouble began.
It's one of those grandiose ideas that gets bandied about by Pentagon scientists and pops up in the press every few years. The "Face of Allah" weapon would beam a massive, lifelike hologram over a battlefield, projecting the image of some deity "to incite fear in soldiers on a battlefield," according to one researcher.
“We got it back to 2-1 but then we conceded again and the goals were too simple, too easy for Swansea. I’m not looking for an excuse and I think we could have played better but we didn’t.
Police say an animal rights protester was packing up to leave on Saturday, when she got into an argument with a woman who began yelling racial slurs at her.
A private man, Herr told Los Angeles Times that the resounding success of Dispatches “blew [his] cover”, as reporters and television producers consistently attempted to get him to relive the harrowing details of the Vietnam War.
Lane even saw off the musician, 55, before his Slippery When Wet shows. “I have some photos of him packing for the tour,” she recalled. “Just all the jockstraps were lined up on the floor for the whole band to get through the whole tour.”
“Everybody in town went for that role. At that time, as I’ve said on other shows, it was a very different show,” Lane said on Monday night. “It turned out to be a feel-good movie and originally this crazy biatch was kicked out of a rolling limo at the end because she was delusional that she thought that this guy was really in love with her. She was only hired for the weekend. And we had such compassion for her. I think that movie needs to get made. I want to direct it. Let’s make it happen!”
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
“This allows Aurora to bring the Airbnb brand into our marketing system. They can get those quality visitors who come through our website,” he said. “They are one of our Aurora lodging partners. That’s why going forward, this is something that will enhance the homeowners’ experience as well.”
you might get stuck somewhere.
Did it get tougher all of a sudden?
You've only got a bit more to go (assuming you saved the final day until now).
Knowing it's okay even if you get hit is mentally relaxing.
Well, if you don't get hit, there's no need to use cheat items.
It feels like the jizou's face gets more stern every time you get hit.
There's some houses where they've got too many umbrellas piled up.
Just starting to learn Chinese? Here are some videos that you can use to get a jump-start on your learning of the language:
How well do you know your pronouns in Chinese? This chart and introduction from Dig Mandarin should help you to get started and/or serve as a useful reminder:
What country are you from? That is a common question you’ll get when in China; with this list, you’ll (probably) be able to answer them:
Translating from Chinese to English isn’t always so straightforward; in this posting, we get some practice trying to perform such translations:
LG: It’s well documented now that minorities were widely discriminated against by the mortgage industry, and continue to be abused by banks’ failures to upkeep real estate-owned property, just to name one current problem. But if mainstream media articles are using the behavioralist theory, how does this type of blame get allocated?
DS: There’s no reason to think it’s going to get dramatically worse from here. What we went through was crazy. It was a near-death experience.
The CIA doesn’t get to buy expensive fighter jets, it buys software. This software is produced at huge profit by companies that use former CIA employees as frontmen.
The solution is to get control of the software systems and the contractors who sell them. Congressman Darrell Issa has recognized and sought to attack this problem with the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act. Strengthening this Act and forcing intelligence agencies to obey is important.
In March, Alex Deucher proposed that DAL should be merged, saying that it was to be the core of the new display stack; his goal was to get it into the 4.7 release. Graphics maintainer Dave Airlie made it clear that this was not going to happen, saying that: "I think people are focusing on the minor comments and concerns and possibly deliberately ignoring the bigger concern that this code base is pretty much unmergeable as-is." His biggest complaint had to do with the overall design, which involved a lot of abstraction code that tried to hide the details of working with the kernel from the rest of the code. Others echoed his concerns and, indeed, the code was not merged for 4.7 or any other kernel released since then.
The idea behind AMD's midlayer is to abstract out the Linux-specific details in the driver. That may be desirable for somebody trying to maintain a cross-platform driver; it also helps the AMD developers get the Linux driver working before the hardware engineers move on to the next product and stop answering questions. But code structured in this way is painful for people trying to maintain the Linux kernel. Understanding higher-level code becomes harder when that code does not follow the normal patterns used by graphics drivers; that can be hard for maintenance in general, but it can become a severe impediment to any sort of refactoring work. As Airlie put it:
Finally, midlayer-based code has a certain tendency to get stuck on older kernel versions; indeed, the current display core code is still based on 4.7. That makes it hard to maintain as the kernel goes forward. In this case, Vetter summarized this aspect of the problem by saying: "I think you don't just need to demidlayer DAL/DC, you also need to demidlayer your development process." Code intended for the mainline needs to be developed and tested against the current mainline, or it will inevitably fall behind.
Position. If you didn’t understand the three types of seats you are supposed to learn before going cross-country, you will understand them by the time you get back. You need the two point for going up a steep incline, you need a half-seat when you cross tricky terrain or a water crossing, and you fully comprehend deep seat when starting down any descent.
It usually is about money. Or maybe time. Time. So many horses to be ridden in that busy stable before 5 o’clock, there just isn’t enough time. You have soccer practice to get to. Well, when you or your parent writes that check to the horse show, how much time and money goes into that weekend? Did you win? Did you want to? How much was that check written for?
“This year, Sanfrecce, Marinos and Frontale finished in the top three and took the Asian Champions League places, so I’ll be supporting them in the Emperor’s Cup at new year so that we can get a place in the ACL too.”
A great player who only plays 60 games can be downgraded to being a good player. Since so few players get on ironman streaks that last seasons in a row, being a good player for all of these games elevates a player to being great. From Sedin, to Brendan Morrison to Andrew Cassels, it’s been about a decade since the Canucks had to hold their top centreman out of the lineup.
We’re trying to define fatigue levels in those circumstances and as you know, a player usually gets hit twice when he gets hit once. He gets hit by the player and then hits the boards. How you can attribute that to success and how you attribute that to fatigue levels is instrumental in finding out when a player in the third period makes a mistake. And something happens and I think that as we’ve found, in a dynamic, competitive contact sport that fatigue levels are really a lot of the determining factor in success or failure.
Women like dreaming about a man who rips their Versace overcoat, and her D&G tee, and her Victoria’s Secret lingerie and ravages her. But for all the men out there, don’t ever try doing this in reality, she’d snip your ding dong off before you can get past her Versace. But a woman wouldn’t really mind if her own man does that to her, of course, minus the ripping of her expensive clothes.
The man’s obviously painfully playing the girl here in this female fantasy, and he may not really like this much unless he’s got some gay-like tendencies, or if he’s willing to walk around with a sore ass the next morning.
Many fantasies for women include showing off. A lot! They dream about walking down a beach and by the time they reach the waters, they’ve got almost all their clothes off. If not that, a woman fantasizes about having sex in public where people can see her performing her act. [Read: Public flashing girls confessions]
The closest thing that women do to get familiar with this female fantasy is flashing to unsuspecting loners walking along on a highway. Exhibitionism fantasies can be a great boost for sizzling sex, and can also have a woman talking about really, really dirty things in bed. Which does turn on both partners. Life is good! [Read: How to talk dirty in bed]
This includes tying him up and doing whatever she wishes to her man. Telling him to perform sexual acts on her as well as making him beg for what he wants, are just a few things that run along in a woman’s mind in this fantasy for women. And trust me, some acts are just way too crude to be put here. The least of it’s got something to do with peeing! Omigawd! [Read: Sexual fetishes]
#10 Come and get me, boys!
■ Mr. Leahy also pressed Judge Gorsuch to say whether he would recuse himself from Supreme Court cases involving the Colorado billionaire Philip Anschutz, who was a former client and helped get him appointed to the appeals court. Judge Gorsuch did not answer directly.
Information on the Tritium page of Idaho State University's physics department, there is no risk via skin contact because it can't get past the outer layer of dead skin cells--which is why Tritium is used in so many products. But, as the webpage states:
Grainne managed to get a cake for her friends from a London bakery.
Absolute positioning is sometimes a perfect solution, and sometimes untenable. The parent container here will need to have a set height, and setting heights is often bad news for content (content changes!). Not to mention absolute positioned elements are out of the document flow. So it would be hard to get this to work while, say, pushing down other content below it.
In this example, we're explicitly setting heights to get them to be even. But you don't really get that ability with floats by default. You could use the background gradient trick we already covered so they just look even. Or look at fancy negative margin tricks and the like.
Flexbox is a pretty fantastic way to do this, just note that it's limited to IE 10 and up and you may need to get fancy with the prefixes and values to get the best support.
With his ability to play the ball in the air, Reynolds makes sense as a threat on curl routes in breaking back to the quarterback. It helps that he demonstrates an understanding of deceptive routes running, not tipping off his intent when cutting off a vertical stem. Similarly, as he’s a quantifiable threat to break tackles in the open field, his NFL team will likely make use of him on slants to get him into space.
If you don't have digiKam installed, you can either grab it for Linux, Windows, or, with a little bit of work, on OS X from the digiKam download page or, on Linux, from your distribution's software repository. Your distribution may or may not have the latest version, but don't get overly concerned about that; digiKam is in the enviable position of having been essentially a complete and stable application for years now, so unless you're looking for a specific feature that only exists in the latest version, it's going to be a good experience, at least just getting started.
The light table interface also has facial recognition overrides. If you've got a photo that digiKam hasn't identified faces in, or has mis-identified faces, then load it into the light table and right-click on the image. Select Add a Face Tag for the face tag editor. Draw a box around the face that you want to identify, and type the person's name into the text field.
DigiKam has an built-in editor for most common photo effects and touch-ups. To get there, select a photo and click the Image Editor button along the top toolbar. This opens a new window for dedicated editing.
Getting images out of digiKam, strictly speaking, is automatic, because photos are never "in" digiKam. DigiKam reads images straight from your file system, so to get an image from digiKam, all you have to do is look in the place you last left it. It'll still be there.
DigiKam is an easy but powerful photo management and re-touching application. It's got lots of great features, and this article has only touched on the basics. There's so much more to explore in digiKam, including features—such as the easiest Batch Queue processing system I've ever seen in a GUI photo application—that still elude other editors. DigiKam isn't just efficient, it's fun to use, brings your photos to life, makes rummaging through directories and directories of pictures to find the really good ones fun, and gives you the freedom and courage to make them better.
If you're not using digiKam, and you also find yourself ignoring your photos, you owe it to yourself to give digiKam a go. If you're looking for a good photo manager with facial recognition, photo effects, and all the export options you could ever want, then get digiKam. In short, if you take photographs, you should treat yourself to digiKam.
We all know that most small businesses fail. It’s one of the toughest things to attempt: create a small company out of nothing that competes with 800lb gorillas who have all the advantages: economies of scale, cosy access to the corridors of power, and if the worst happens for Big Business, they get bailed out with our tax dollars.
The small business owner assumes all the operational risk. The employees get paid whether or not the business makes money, as long as there is a business to pay them.
The employees get paid whether or not the business makes money, as long as there is a business to pay them. The owners form the capital , either they put in their own money, or that of their “friends and family” or they take on debt. When they take on debt, a small business owner is almost always required to put up personal guarantees: the house, the savings, the spouses assets, everything. The big boys, not so much. I doubt very much that the Morneau family has to put up one of their houses (or yachts) whenever Morneau Sheppell does a bond issuance. Something tells me they just sail through the compliance process too…
, either they put in their own money, or that of their “friends and family” or they take on debt. When they take on debt, a small business owner is almost always required to put up personal guarantees: the house, the savings, the spouses assets, everything. The big boys, not so much. I doubt very much that the Morneau family has to put up one of their houses (or yachts) whenever Morneau Sheppell does a bond issuance. Something tells me they just sail through the compliance process too… Small businesses don’t get bailed out. We are not “too big to fail” or “too big to jail”. We are “too little to care” and “too small to matter”. The more small businesses fail, the more their assets and market share can get swept off the table into the deep pockets of politically ensconced conglomerates and mega-corps.
I’ve busted my ass for 20 years, nearly didn’t make it, finally had some success at it while employing nearly 20 people, with families, kids, homes, and I get reviled for it by none other than the goddamn Prime Minister – a guy who was born into the very bosom of elite society and became a millionaire through inheritance.
Meanwhile, his right-hand man (also born rich and took over a company his dad founded) flagrantly revels in conflicts, got even richer over the course of his term as FM.
If the climate gets much more hostile then the calculus is whether it makes any sense to start a small business in Canada. Yes, we all know the tax laws here go by residency, so there is no “running companies remotely out of the Caribbean” (unless maybe, you’re a plugged in career politician, Morneau does have that subsidiary in Bahamas) but I already know a few tech entrepreneurs who already said “f*** it” and now live elsewhere, where they are starting their new companies.
As Ashley Parker at the New York Times reports, obstructionist Republicans are so determined to get their way on immigration policy that they’re willing to let the agency’s funding lapse rather than authorize a bill that includes immigration provisions. “Some House Republicans,” she wrote, “have expressed a willingness to let the agency run out of money.”
Meanwhile, close to 450,000 immigrants are held annually across the United States, with many living in substandard, terrible conditions in crowded facilities while waiting for their day in immigration court. It can take months or even years to get to court, and because undocumented immigrants are not citizens, they are not entitled to the legal rights that would make such gross delays in justice a civil rights violation under the law. ICE and related agencies have created a logistical nightmare for the government and a terrifying reality for immigrants, not to mention a wildly expensive immigration tangle; the U.S. spent a reported two billion dollars on immigration detention in 2014.
6) Surveillance culture in the U.S. gets bigger every year
This project's goal is to design, develop and mass produce a case to get the cost as low as possible.
I'd like to reverse that, and get lower priced cases (like, very low priced), into the hands of anyone who wants one.
To get the price low, the answer is simple: bulk.
I need to get enough people interested to get funding to do a mass production run through an injection molder. This is the only way to drop the price low enough to make it feasible to offer them at this price.
If I don't get enough orders to cover the cost of injection molding; I'll still continue making cases on my 3d printers... I'll just make a lot less of them.
On January 26, 1950, when General Curtis E. LeMay, commander of the U.S. Air Force Strategic Air Command, attended yet another conference to discuss the next U.S. long-range heavy bomber, his mind was likely already made up. The Convair B-36 was soon to be obsolete, and a variety of successors had been proposed. But Boeing bombers had served the U.S. military well during World War II, and if LeMay got his way—and he usually did—the next big bomber would be another Boeing product: the B-52 Stratofortress.
We all want to be happy, and we all have the limitless potential for happiness and even bliss – so why is it so darned hard to stay happy?! For example, when people first start to meditate, they often complain that they cannot even get their mind to stay still and peaceful for a few seconds, for three rounds of breathing meditation, let alone for an hour, a day, a week, a month, a lifetime. If we simply cannot stay happy, even when external conditions are going our way, does this not mean, effectively, that we don’t have enough control over our mind?
So, our usual response is to try to bypass this by controlling our world and other people rather than trying to control our thoughts, and look where that gets us.
In a dream everything feels real and vivid, it seems to exist out there, independent of our mind. Yet when we wake up, we realize it was made up by our mind. “Ah! I made this up! It’s just a dream! I projected the whole thing, it’s gone! It just came from my mind and then I thought it was out there, and I got really het up about all these things, and hmm, what was all that about?”
We’ve been doing this for years and years already, just in this life, every time we fall asleep at night. We still haven’t got it, have we?! We wake up every morning, “Ah, that was just a dream!” We fall asleep again at night, “Hey, what’s going on here?” Panic. Falling in love with people. Running away from other people. We wake up, “Oh, it’s just a dream.”
When I have a problem that seems intractable I imagine having it in a dream. I was talking to a good friend the other day who has just been through divorce. Not un-understandably, he felt disappointed and let down, like a victim, like it had nothing to do with him. This made him feel helpless and angry, with no clear way forward. He has a good understanding of Buddhism so I asked him: “If you had divorced in a dream, who would have been responsible for that?” If we understand that everything is a mere projection of our own mind, like a dream, we can see how we are responsible for what appears to our mind, for what happens to us. Knowing this always gives us a way to move forward, by changing our mind rather than bashing our head against an intractable brick wall. And when we change our mind, the situation itself changes – the brick wall does come down. He didn’t become undivorced, but the situation no longer appeared dire, and he got his mojo back.
So what problems are seen and how can they be fixed? A particular one that I have seen and this especially on smaller activated sludge plants where there is little or no control there has been an issue with settlement. Now you can query the fact that what on earth has the amount that you re-circulate solids around the system got to do with the way in which the sludge settles and the answer is of course the floc loading within the start of the process especially in plants that do not tend to have an anoxic zone (particular the case with oxidation ditches). It is the variation from very high floc loading to very low floc loading that causes problems in sludge settlement
If you have a system in place as described above so that the incoming flow and RAS flow are both measured then the simple way to control the process is to divide the RAS flow by the incoming flow and calculate the RAS ratio. As the ratio decreases the amount of RAS that is returned is lower and power savings are made. However as the RAS ratio decreases sludge blankets get thicker and deeper and as such it is advisable to measure the RAS solids and the sludge blanket level to mitigate the operational risk. These two instruments can also be used in other control systems, RAS solids in sludge wastage control (part I of this blog) and sludge blanket level in protecting the permit (part IV of this blog, next week). As the solids get thicker then there is also a risk that bellmouths will block so an alert limit on the thickness of the RAS.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
Speaking about the role in an interview with Rolling Stone in 2001, he said “As an actor it was a dream come true for me. When I saw the movie I just thought ‘That’s me, that’s my life up there’. When I heard they were putting together a TV series I got on to my agent straight away. ‘Get me an audition, whatever it takes!’ I shouted, but he couldn’t really make me out over the phone. I’ve got a ridiculous voice and the handset gets all clogged up with goo.”
Shit got heated today. Can't wait to punch this dude right in his mouth. @torque1net @thememorytag... http://t.co/sDVsGCE9A8 — chad mendes (@chadmendes) August 26, 2014
Things got out of control at the @ufc 179 media day in brazil. Good thing I was there to keep the... http://t.co/fqStqa5Sq1 — Phil Davis (@PhilMrWonderful) August 26, 2014
Every intern, cameraman and anchor at Fox News knows one thing is true: no one ever went broke mongering white fear. Selling the idea that brown people are coming to get your stuff—whether it's your presidency, your kid’s rightful college slot, your medical insurance or the true racial identity of Santa Claus—has always been Fox's calling card. Over the years, that has proven to be a remarkably successful marketing strategy. But never has it been so winningly packaged as in the brand called Megyn Kelly.
She’s also reliably anti-immigrant. In 2010, she went to town on a story about how immigration groups were trying to get reporters to exchange the terms "illegal aliens" and "illegal immigrants" in favor of "undocumented immigrant." Kelly compared that request to criminal defense lawyers asking reporters to rebrand rapists as "non-consensual sex partners."
Last week’s comment about black Santa and black Jesus was only the clarified essence of the Kelly “brown people are coming to get you” brand. “For all you kids watching at home, Santa just is white,” Kelly said at the time. “But this person is just arguing that maybe we should also have a black Santa. But Santa is what he is.”
Two days later she offered not an apology but an explanation: She was making a joke and the humorless, possibly envious left didn't get it.
The pretty deliverer of ugly messages is nothing new in the television age. In Videocracy, documentary filmmaker Eric Gandini made a study of the use of pretty woman by the Berlusconi media empire during the last several decades. “In Italy you get the feeling that this cultural banality has been a tool to destroy democracy,” he told me in an interview. “It's not a question of ideology, it's a question of lack of values, lack of morality. Italy has become a country where words don't work anymore. 'Videocracy' means the power of the image. … Impressions are much more valuable than truth.”
But closer to home, activists say Vermont’s failure even to implement its plan for universal health care was a failing of political will, not the policy itself. In better hands, they say, the policy can still work. To know the difference, it’s important to understand how Vermont got so close to single-payer in the first place.
Clinton has dismissed Sanders’s proposal as unrealistic and a danger to the reforms that have already been enacted through the Affordable Care Act. That argument seems to be falling flat in New Hampshire, where the latest WMUR poll showed Sanders trouncing Clinton by nearly 30 points. But at least Clinton can count on some support when the campaign gets to Vermont. Gov. Shumlin, who will not run for reelection, has announced he’s with her.
There is also still the question of why the canine is a darker reddish-brown than the other bones. And where did Dawson get his putty? Plus, the ancient DNA analysis of the human bones came up empty, as did the radiocarbon dating, although they may be as much as 1000 years old. De Groote said they opted not to go deeper into the bone to remove more sample material for a re-test. “We decided, let’s leave them and maybe several years from now, other new technologies will come around,” she said. “Although fake, the fossils do have cultural value. They’re almost antiques and we don’t want to destroy them.”
Billionaire New York developer Donald Trump says that legalizing drugs is the only way to win the war against what he considers one of America’s most serious problems. Trump blamed the country’s drug problems on politicians who “don’t have any guts” and enforcement efforts that are “a joke.” “We’re losing badly the war on drugs,” Trump told 700 people at a luncheon Friday. “You have to legalize drugs to win that war. You have to take the profit away from these drug czars.” “What I’d like to do maybe by bringing it up is cause enough controversy that you get into a dialogue on the issue of drugs so people will start to realize that this is the only answer; there is no other answer,” Trump said. (via Herald Journal)
According to Donald Trump, the United States needs a president “who thinks like a winner;” but while he knows that the War on Drugs can only be won with legalization, he opposes this position and provides no viable alternative. In this way, Trump has come to resemble the gutless politicians he denounced earlier in his career. Rather than leading the way towards peace in the Mexican Drug War, Trump seems satisfied merely complaining about it, and that’s about as far as one can get from thinking like a “winner.”
As for the button setup, well, you can see it there. We are looking at a centered home button that doubles as a fingerprint sensor, with back and app switcher flanking it. It’s not a setup I would typically prefer, but as I mentioned above, at least they put the buttons in the correct spots with back on the left and app switcher on the right. Even Samsung can’t seem to get that right.
Ever since India accessed to the global nuclear fuel market in 2008, the country has been one of the major nuclear fuel buyers. India imports most of the required Uranium from countries including Russia, Kazakhstan, and France and lately the deal with Canada and Australia have further enhanced India’s avenues to get Uranium from overseas.
Sheriff Snyder said of the Martin County case: "It will be some time before we get any kind of toxicology report, but I would not be surprised, though, if we end up finding out that is the case."
Senate Republicans even forced a vote on a single-payer option on the Senate floor last month, hoping to get Democrats on the record supporting the idea.
Sometimes, these decisions get complicated by maintenance, such as with an erosion-repair project that this year put Bonneville workers below the spillway.
Rosenthal believes Reckless was taken in by another family for a period of time before he once again got loose.
"We love happy endings. I always tell people our goal is to prevent animals from coming into the shelter except when we can get them back to their original owners," Rosenthal said.
Granted, you need to really man-handle that thing to get the wheels to lock. But if you reach the end of the handle’s range of motion and those rear wheels are still turning, that is a problem and should be fixed.
That’s what I love about working for TG - the stupefying variety of locations and vehicles, places and people. From simple(ish) power tests at our Dunsfold test track to scrabbling up rock faces in the California desert, every day is an adventure, and at the centre of each insane idea there is at least one motor car we want to understand and, most of the time, celebrate. I still can’t quite believe the line-up of metal you’ll get to see over the seven weeks - it’s remarkable.
“I think they crossed the line. They’re trying to get messages from loved ones in the last moments of their lives. It’s horrible, and they should be held accountable. It’s despicable and unethical,” Riches added.
“First one up here, last one to leave, the entire week,” said running back Arian Foster. He said most people don’t understand how difficult it is for a player to go from one offense to another in such a short amount of time. He said Keenum “studied his ass off” to get ready for this game.
“The guy’s going to give you all he has once he get out there on the field,” Hopkins said. “He’s not going to leave anything out there. It was no question about him going out and being to perform the task today.”
While polling among O'Malley's backers has too small a sample size to get a read on which side they would choose, the numbers from the latest Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll suggest O'Malley's backers are more open to reconsidering their choice than are those behind Clinton or Sanders.
Unfortunately, you can't go out and buy a six-pack of moon brew. It is only available on the menu at the company's Rehoboth Beach brewpub. The lucky few who get to drink it are served their pints in space-suit koozies, made from (you guessed it) the same material as ILC Dover's space suits.
I’ve got a soft spot for wuxia so the “best fight scene” immediately evokes Zhang Yimou in my mind. I could list every fight in “Hero,” sequences so spellbindingly beautiful and graceful you forget you’re watching violence. The bamboo forest battle from “House of Flying Daggers” is another all-timer, a mesmerizing fight that almost entirely takes place in the air. And the bone-crunching, table-smashing Vernita Green duel in “Kill Bill Vol.” I never gets old. But if I had to choose just one scene to crown as the GOAT, it’s gotta be the “Oldboy” fight. Like the “Atomic Blonde” stairwell fight, you feel the sheer exhaustion and pain amounting during a nearly-3 minute single-take. Plus, how do you top a fight where one guy takes on 25 with nothing but a hammer and a knife in his back?
I am firm in my conviction that more professional basketball players should be learning kung fu. During the ’70s, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar trained under Bruce Lee and developed a close personal friendship with the virtuoso ass-kicker, allegedly going so far as to fly himself to Hong Kong during the NBA’s on-season just to shoot his role in Lee’s directorial effort “Game of Death.” He plays what essentially amounts to the final boss on Lee’s vaguely defined quest upwards through the level of a pagoda, the photosensitive Mantis Guardian of the 5th Floor. The real Abdul-Jabbar was no match for Lee, and the scene has to work around that imbalance, but what the man lacked in technical skills he more than made up for in being freakishly tall. The matchup of the already-slight Lee with his stilt of an opponent is bizarre and engrossing, with every shot resembling an optical illusion. Better still, K.A.J.’s emulation of Lee’s self-originated Jeet Kune Do style pairs the two of them in a fluid interplay that should feel awkward, but somehow plays like a brutal waltz. Someone get Kyrie Irving in one-on-one sessions with Tony Jaa. [closes tab containing google search for ‘name of any basketball player’]
It begins, of course, with a musical number – Steven Spielberg directing his future bride Kate Capshaw in a lavish Shanghai floorshow production of Cole Porter’s Anything Goes that opens with the striking of a massive gong (a hat-tip to Rank Films’ famous logo). Then it becomes a tense showdown over a lazy susan as Indy, wearing a white tux and in full Bond mode, negotiates for a diamond from gangster Lao Che in exchange for the ashes of the first Manchu dynasty emperor Nurhaci. Then Indy gets poisoned, balloons drop, and the diamond gets lost in a spilled bucket of ice and it’s a total free-for-all that results in a high-speed chase down the streets of Shanghai and onto an airplane – an airplane that is piloted by a Lao Che goon and drops Indy and company over the Himalayas, leaving them to slide down the side of a mountain and off a cliff on an inflatable raft. You barely get a chance to catch your breath.
The best fight sequence in the movie is as inventive and naughty as any more artfully done, when Smith and Bellucci’s character are besieged mid-shag by a comically endless string of gun-toting assassins. Without missing a beat, Smith takes down each and every one with a series of moves that get both jobs done at the same time. Bellucci really helps sell it, registering each flying bullet and inadvertent stroke with alternating shock and pleasure. It’s completely ridiculous, and oh so much fun.
So, although I did not love the extreme violence of “Atomic Blonde” nor its clunky plot set-up and reveal, I loved the panache of its design and wild choreography of its fight scenes. That’s always what gets me: pure choreography, like a brutal ballet, motivated by the narrative. Which should make me a fan of Asian martial-arts films, but I confess I have a gaping hole in my film knowledge there, though I adore what Jackie Chan films I have seen (that man is a genius). One of my favorite moments in the very silly “Rumble in the Bronx” is when Chan does battle from within an abandoned refrigerator. That was cleverer to me than anything I saw in the much more renowned “Drunken Master” films (which, granted, are better actual movies). And Chan would be nowhere without Bruce Lee (and Buster Keaton). Lee’s “Enter the Dragon” is a delight, for sure. I am not such a fan of “wire fu,” however: those films where the characters can fly. It takes the fun out of it, for me.
Other movies where the fight scenes have stood out are as follows: the bald Nazi fight in “Raiders of the Lost Ark”; most bits of the first three Bourne films; the train fight between Sean Connery and Robert Shaw in “From Russia with Love”; Jason Statham kicking ass while greased to the gills in the otherwise very dumb “The Transporter”; Sigourney Weaver squaring off against the mother alien in “Aliens”; and Sandra Oh and Anne Heche doing serious damage to each other in Onur Tukel’s “Catfight.” But my two absolute favorites, as I write this, are the vicious naked-in-the-sauna fight scene in David Cronenberg’s 2007 “Eastern Promises” and the tragicomic pas-de-deux-in-the-boxing-ring of Charlie Chaplin’s 1931 “City Lights.” The former is a masterful bit of non-gratuitous savagery that is entirely justified by the story and where the stakes are genuinely – and viscerally – high. The latter is a wonder of comic timing made more resonant by its sad conclusion, with similarly weighty stakes. Boxing films aren’t usually my thing, but I can watch this moment in “City Lights” over and over again and it never gets old.
“The softening in values and continued low mortgage rates are positive news for first-time buyers trying to get on to the property ladder,” said Zoopla’s Lawrence Hall.
So you're sitting in the pub and your nice-but-naive friend says: "Hey, I heard the most amazing story the other day. There were these twins, right, a boy and a girl, who were separated at birth and adopted by different families. And, like, years later, by an amazing coincidence, they meet. And fall madly in love, and get married. Straight up! Then, obviously, they find out they're actually brother and sister. And it all has to be annulled, and they're just devastated. It's the ultimate nightmare. Can you imagine?"
FAYETTEVILLE -- The Arkansas Razorbacks changed up their play distribution between second-string quarterbacks Tuesday, giving redshirt sophomore Ty Storey all the work in team drills. Redshirt freshman Cole Kelley will get the extended work today with the second unit behind starter Austin Allen.
Said Kelley: "Ty did really well today. I think he got in a pretty good rhythm. We started kind of rough coming out, but he didn't. He did well."
"When you have to go in for two plays and come out, you don't really get that rhythm with the guys," he said. "But when you're out there all day, especially in move-the-ball situations, it feels really good.
"Going in four reps then sitting out 16 and then going four, it's kind of hard," Kelley said. "Today Ty got all the two reps and tomorrow I will, and we'll see how it goes."
"We have this system set up that involves sacks and drops and QB hits and missed assignments called the 12 percent rule," tackle Colton Jackson said. "We've just got to stick to being under 12 percent on those mental errors."
Receiver Jordan Jones, a product of Smackover High School in southern Arkansas, said he gets some weird looks when he tells people the name of his hometown.
"Since the scrimmage, we've mainly worked on running the ball more," Jackson said. "We've been very focused on pass pro and stuff since last year, so we can't get away from what we do here at Arkansas, which is run the ball. We're working on being a balance of both."
Student in promotional video: College Debate 16 is a social media initiative where we partnered with the Commission on Presidential Debates to create this social media initiative to get college students across the entire country involved in the presidential debates by keeping the conversation going through Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Lowest moment: Five interceptions against Wake Forest in late September led to the Hoosiers’ first loss of the season and some serious doubt about those bowl chances. With a loss in the nonconference schedule, the Hoosiers didn’t have a ton of room for error during the Big Ten season. From there, transfer quarterback Richard Lagow managed to take better care of the ball (to be fair, he did throw for nearly 500 yards in the loss) and Indiana eventually got the wins it needed.
Motivation level: High, but with coach Kevin Wilson suddenly out of the picture, it’s a wild card for the Hoosiers. Indiana has not won a bowl game since 1991, which means there’s a good chance there is no one on the Hoosiers’ roster who has been alive for a postseason victory in Bloomington. That should be enough to get the troops excited about a late December trip. -- Dan Murphy
4 defensive bonus on top of a clean sheet, and all for $1.5 cheaper than Ciman? Aaaand a favorable schedule leading up to their DGW in Round 8? Better bring him in before his price gets too high!
Espindola was fit enough to start the match while the other two, Saborio and Acosta, were able to do their damage in substitute appearances. Should all three begin to get starts, take note.
Lletget didn’t get on the score sheet but he certainly passed the eye test so look for the attacking returns to start climbing once the Galaxy get their mojo back.
"When Ashley rolled into town you thought 'We've got this mega-rich, English businessman in the sports industry, what could possibly go wrong?'" Mark Jensen, editor of The Mag fanzine, told CNN.
"As leader of the council it really concerns me we've got a toxic brand like Sports Direct, with the zero hours culture it promotes, and Wonga and the payday loans it promotes. To have both of those concepts sponsoring our football club is deeply unfortunate.
"Does Ashley care? As it is impossible to get close to him, so it is impossible to answer," Caulkin explained.
"The evidence of recent years will probably make him feel he can just about get away with anything and people will still troop through the turnstiles. Is that different now?
Gehring recognizes the organizational complexity of Google. Like any big company, its parts often align uneasily; people understandably want to get their own work done. So, with that knowledge, he believes that tinkering with Google’s plumbing could make a big difference in publishers’ moneymaking.
The proposition is simple: News publishers want to match their higher-quality news origination with higher advertising rates. That’s the “premium” term you hear slung around the industry — “premium” meaning original and trustworthy, as opposed to aggregated, lightly “curated,” or pirated. When publishers sell direct to advertisers, they sell “premium” and get rates from $8 to $50 per one thousand ad impressions (or CPM), with national/global news companies at the highest end. When they sell “programmatic” advertising, though, there’s no such thing as “premium.” Programmatic — the huge, overarching shift in ad buying — algorithmically matches available ad inventory with audiences (by age, gender, geography, and more). But it doesn’t distinguish between original content producers and the legions of repurposers out there. Top publishers may get a buck or two CPM for programmatic advertising — the same as anyone else.
Some in the industry privately labeled the Digital News Initiative publishers traitors for collaborating with Google. Given the pain of disruption, that’s understandable, but also fairly useless as a response. European legal actions have raised good questions, but they won’t get the news industry reborn for the digital age. There’s a fairly unintended good cop/bad cop act taking the stage: Google nemesis Axel Springer can play the tough guy, and fellow European publishers can press Google to live up to the kind of publisher-friendly, news-loving, democracy-supporting firm many within the company say it wants to be.
How much value does Google get from news? How much value do newspaper companies get from Google, mostly in the form of traffic? We could use many calculations to get there, based on an array of assumptions, but let’s not go there now.
As intriguing as those value assumptions might be, I think they shouldn’t be the focus of the negotiation. It’s 2015, and there’s so much digital disruption water under the bridge, with more floodwaters on the way. Reparations aren’t the point. The point — for all those who value the role of a free and vibrant press in democracy — is how the increasingly digital world can fairly aid those creating original news content. I don’t really care whether Google might step up to the plate here — with the ad tagging idea, or something else — out of benevolence, or out of fear of further European legal action, or in order to to better compete with Facebook and Apple. What counts is to get beyond all the babble of the last decade — and to find ways forward.
The often-combative rookie foreign minister was defiant and cutting in his reasoning for the decision. “Listen, I mean, we don’t go along to get along. That’s just not a phrase,” said Baird, using the oft-repeated mantra that has morphed into the mantra for his first six months as Canada’s top diplomat. Canada was trounced by Portugal last year for the second of two temporary two-year, non-veto-wielding seats on the United Nations’ top body. It was the first time in the six-decade history of the UN that Canada failed to win a seat for which it made a bid.
“It’s cultural as much as anything else. We don’t really see men as needing help in anyway or as being vulnerable unless they’ve got some additional asset or qualification which means we should look at them as needing any further assistance.
Chalupa said the embassy also worked directly with reporters researching Trump, Manafort and Russia to point them in the right directions. She added, though, “they were being very protective and not speaking to the press as much as they should have. I think they were being careful because their situation was that they had to be very, very careful because they could not pick sides. It’s a political issue, and they didn’t want to get involved politically because they couldn’t.”
Telizhenko recalled that Chalupa told him and Shulyar that, “If we can get enough information on Paul [Manafort] or Trump’s involvement with Russia, she can get a hearing in Congress by September.”
“We had an order not to talk to the Trump team, because he was critical of Ukraine and the government and his critical position on Crimea and the conflict,” said Telizhenko. “I was yelled at when I proposed to talk to Trump,” he said, adding, “The ambassador said not to get involved — Hillary is going to win.”
Shulyar rejected the characterizations that the embassy had a ban on interacting with Trump, instead explaining that it “had different diplomats assigned for dealing with different teams tailoring the content and messaging. So it was not an instruction to abstain from the engagement but rather an internal discipline for diplomats not to get involved into a field she or he was not assigned to, but where another colleague was involved.”
“None of the Ukrainians have any access to Trump — they are all desperate to get it, and are willing to pay big for it,” said one American consultant whose company recently met in Washington with Yuriy Boyko, a former vice prime minister under Yanukovych. Boyko, who like Yanukovych has a pro-Russian worldview, is considering a presidential campaign of his own, and his representatives offered “to pay a shit-ton of money” to get access to Trump and his inaugural events, according to the consultant.
The consultant turned down the work, explaining, “It sounded shady, and we don’t want to get in the middle of that kind of stuff.”
figurines spread across both floors of the Computing Centre. If you think you’ve looked everywhere, try the next floor. We’ve included a map of the Computer Centre and an example of a figurine (above) to help you get started.
During the CES trek I take every year the Modders-Inc team in 2014 landed at the Zotac Booth. While at the booth we got the normal tour of all the items they had and are coming out with. During this we came across a computer that was shaped like an orb called the Zotac ZBOX Sphere OI520. My first thought was “Wow this would be a cool case to mod into the Death Star from Star Wars”. So during the conversation I brought up the idea and we all had a good laugh about and went on talking about others things. Well a month later I got contacted by Zotac about bringing the Death Star Case Mod to life and of course my reactions was “Yes, lets do it”. And so the journey began…
Straight from Zotac was a delivery of the OI520 in a plain box with plenty of protection. I am guessing that I got the case that was on display at CES 2014 or another demo model, but either way I got it and it is time to go to work.
You might think that the computer is large, but it is not. At only 6 inches across I knew it would be a challenge to work with and get the detail I wanted.
“It is like contractors allying with each other, one takes the tender for the first three years while the other one succeeds for another three years.” says Law. “The government does not want to offend the private contractors, because it is hard to get contractors now, the government is worried that no contractors will tender and no one will do the cleaning.”
Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.
Example 1.1.1: We get 3-bet out of position
Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.
Example 1.1.2: We get 3-bet out of position (again)
This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!
Example 1.1.3: We get 3-bet out of position (again) and we call
Example 1.1.4: We get 3-bet out of position (again) and we 4-bet for value (or at least that's what we think we are doing)
OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.
This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).
Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.
Don't understand the roles different types of hands have in different types of ranges. First and foremost: Do I have a value hand that wants to get all-in, or do I have a bluff hand that I will fold to further aggression?
Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).
But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he faces after a 5-bet from a competent player isn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.
Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video series Optimal Preflop Play I-III at Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.
Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.
Without further ado, let's get started:
Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:
So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.
When she gets 3-bet, she 4-bets 30% of her opening range with a 60/40 ratio between value 4-bets and bluff 4-bets
If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.
Alice raises {22+, ATs+, KTs+, QTs+, J9s+, T9s, 98s, 87s, 76s, AJo+, KQo} =186 combos from EP. If she gets 3-bet, she 4-bets {QQ+, AK} for value and calls a 5-bet with them. Those times she doesn't have a value hand, (e.g. she has JJ, AJo, 76s, etc.), she 4-bets 15% of the time as a bluff, and otherwise she folds.
To randomize her 4-bet bluffs and get the correct 15% 4-bet frequency for her non-value hands, Alice uses a random number generator from
We have now specified Alice's optimal EP strategy for for raising/4-betting/calling a 5-bet when she gets 3-bet by a player in position. Our next step is to turn to Bob. What is Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting/5-betting in position after a ~15% EP raise from Alice?
Correct. Against Alice's tight and optimally played ~15% EP opening range, QQ and AK aren't strong enough to use as value hands, even if they have strong equity against Alice's total opening range. The reason is that they can not profitably get the whole stack in Against the range Alice is willing to get all-in with, namely {QQ+, AK}. Therefore we don't want to 3-bet them for value. Keep in mind that the process of getting all-in starts with a 3-bet, and we know the moment Alice open-raises with a ~15% EP range that her all-in range is a favorite over our QQ and AK hands.
Therefore, since we know this before we have put our first chip into the pot, we don't want to choose a path with QQ/AK that is the first step towards getting all-in with them preflop. This is also true for other hands that are good enough to play for value, but not strong enough to get all-in preflop against Alice's value range {QQ+, AK}. Examples of such hands are QQ-22, AK-AJ, KQ, QJs-T9s, etc. (and you can probably list some more if you think about it).
But don't 3-bet QQ/AK for value against a ~15% opening range in the hands of a player like Alice. She plays optimally against our 3-bets, so 3-betting QQ/AK won't do anything for us. Against Alice we use QQ/AK as flatting hands, thus setting ourselves up for playing a raised pot in position against a range we have good equity against (Alice's total opening range, and not just her value hands). This will give Alice (and the blinds, should they get involved) opportunities to make postflop mistakes that we can exploit.
People generally don't 4-bet bluff enough, and they are also reluctant to tighten up their 4-bet value ranges when they get exploited by very tight 5-betting (e.g. 5-bets that are 100% for value). For example. a typical low limit TAG with a ~15% EP range might have decided to never 4-bet bluff, and always 4-bet QQ and AK for value and call a 5-bet with them. And he is unlikely to change that plan, even if Bob's exploitative response is to drop all 5-bet bluffs from his value range, and only 5-bet-shove {KK+}, purely for value.
These things happen because a) people are blinded by seemingly strong hands, even after they get trapped in situations where their hands suddenly aren't strong anymore, and b) because people are reluctant to change their initial plan, even after if becomes clear it's a bad plan.
So let's list some 3-bet bluff candidates à la K8s that are too weak to flat, but have some postflop value when we get called. We make a list of ace high, king high and queen high candidate hands:
After the thorough work with Alice raising ~15% in EP, we can now reap the rewards and quickly run through the same procedure with Alice raising a ~25% range in CO. She now opens a wider range, as a consequence, all other ranges get wider as well.
Raising from CO is a bit more situational than raising from EP. It's now easier to isolate the blinds, and with a tight player on the button, it might be correct to play very loosely to get heads-up with position on the blinds. Still, everybody has a core range of hands that they always play, regardless of whether they have written this range down or not.
A9o+,KTo+,QTo+,JTo} =326 combos from CO. If she gets 3-bet, she 4-bets {JJ+, AQ+} for value, planning to call a 5-bet. Those times she doesn't have a value hand (e.g. 88, A9o, T9s, etc.), she 4-bets 15% of the time, and the rest of the time she folds. Using a random number generator from
When Alice moves from EP to CO and her opening range changes from ~15% to ~25%, Bob responds by loosening up his 3-betting range dramatically. This is an interesting observation. Those of you who use a more or less static 3-betting range (for example, the generic {JJ+, AQ} without any 3-bet bluffing that is recommended on many low limit forums) now have game theoretical "proof" that we can get away with a lot of 3-bet bluffing on the button against a CO raiser.
Those of you who enjoy experimenting with ranges and numbers can now start to apply the optimal strategies in your own game, using your own ranges. Plug your own opening ranges for EP and CO into the theoretical "machinery" outlined in this article, and produce optimal strategy pairs, based on the ranges you use at the table. Remember that everything follows from the opening ranges, and remember that you will get both an optimal strategy for the raiser (you), and the positional 3-bettors optimal strategy against you.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
Claiming that there was internal split in the BJP, Mulayam said the BJP would never be able to touch the figure of 272 seats in the Lok Sabha elections. He exuded confidence that the third front would form the next government at the centre and the SP would get the highest number seats in LS.
Mike: Yeah. So after the guy spills the coffee over the laptop he offers to take us to an Apple repair store where we can get the computer looked at. So we travel there and we were a bit nervous and so is he because he’s he’s afraid he might have to pay all this money to repair the laptop. So we get to the apple repair store and it on trying to ease the tension as the computer is being taken apart and looked at so I asked him what do you do, what are you up to in Istanbul and it turns out he’s this robotics engineering student And he’s in Istanbul at the moment to attend this Google conference for robotics and that’s this big competition that they have like battle robots going against each other so it seem like a really interesting thing. So he actually invited us to the event and I was thinking about we’re in Istanbul for a couple of weeks just you know waiting for my visa and it would be nice to have some friends and meet some people involved in tech, maybe meet some investors and since starting this incubator in Plovdiv it would be a cool thing to meet people involved in robotics, AI or whatever. This impulse to ask him about his life for what he’s up to in Istanbul and the whole coffee spilling incident brought us unto this next step to meet someone involved in the robotics and tech scene. So it’s pretty cool. Turned out the laptop was totally cool, no problems whatsoever. Euvie’s just got a little bit of a sticky keyboard but you know it didn’t have any problems.
Duncan: I’ve read about this there is actually a form of you know like a bibliomancy you are you open the Bible or any other work with the dictionary whatever you have a question open the Bible open a dictionary whatever. You point to you that’s the message that you’re supposed to get to know. I cant remember which book this was where I read this but you formulate a question, put yourself in a magical state which is what you’re talking about seeing the patterns is like bringing yourself into a magical state and then go to a cafe is actually what I read. Go to a place with the question in mind and sit in a listen to the people or watch the people not as though they were individuals but they were so they were one organism.
Mike: I think they’ve got a story from that you you might really like that but actually but that he says the same thing. Go to a market.
Duncan: Maybe that was it, maybe that’s where I got it from because it was like an essay somebody emailed me so I could have easily been added it could have been out of there for sure.
Mike: The book is so cool. I like playing around with it and people get so sceptical and like turned off by this but I think the more willing you are they just play with the idea you have to detach yourself to an actually believe that any of it but if you just open to the idea of everything having meaning every single event every colour, everything you look at smell, taste, touch, hear. There meaning in it. Then you can pull information from that and you can you can almost decide the meaning but much of that information can start to become useful and I’ve been playing with this concept for a couple of years now and it’s like it’s getting stronger or that coffee shop incident is like a normal occurrence now. That’s weird man.
Duncan: So, in magical practices when you begin to get into it you know someone you should definitely have on your podcast is
Duncan: Yeah, lots of…you know I was talking to my friend like this. I never liked those. Once i got to those parts in the books i just stopped reading because I cannot respect anyone It would do something like that that’s so f***** at meanwhile I’m super hipocrite because I eat meat. Different podcast. But the point is this guy and my friend I said to me know what that’s so f***** up like that what it where is compassion there and my friend said he’s not in the compassion, sorcerers are in it for the power. They actually see compassion as a kind of low-level form of power but it’s not the power it’s not that it’s not it’s it’s kind of like a grade school stuff. Compassion sure yeah ok f****** cultivate your compassion, whatever. You go ahead and do that I’m travelling into the astral realm. I’m making people do things and they don’t realise it I’m making s*** tons of money for myself and for my friends using magic and I don’t care about your compassion. Should I get you a blanket and maybe we got it in the end you find a nice the hill the sit down with your blanket Gandhi really that’s what you want compassion. So you run into those people and they’re real and then you can get into chapel perilous where suddenly you get sucked deeper and deeper into ever increasing realizations of the complexity of the astral realm. You can get lost in the astral realm. You can basically go nuts which is why you hear this again and again when it comes to magic. Be very careful, be careful. When you reading his books you know from the greatest magicians, all of them have like some pretty intense warnings in there is it how to protect yourself, how to purify yourself. In my younger days my reaction was like whatever, thats just a movie bulls***. I could sit In my room and do a ritual where I tried to make some connection with some Anokian entities and I don’t really need to go through the several days of preparation that they recommend. I don’t really need to wear the clothes they recommend or do the particular drawings the right way that you put on your wall or burn the right kind of incense. I don’t really need to do that because this is actually a bunch of b******* it can’t really be real. Then you sit down and start doing it in the next thing you know you open yourself up to something that you’ve had no idea what it was like ordering plutonium through the mail
Duncan: And throwing away the manual. It’s like hey, when you’re handling this plutonium you should definitely be wearing some kind of, you should be behind several shields of led. You know but never got some b******* scientists nonsense you know. So that’s the chapel perilous you can get pulled into a thing that is really fun at first but can become a little it’s like how much do you want the university wink at you, how much do you want in adversity to say hello. I’m not going to keep going on with this rant but I had a friend recently who had a rather profound psychedelic experience that was not pleasant at all. And he was running through the experience with me and in the beginning he said you know I ate the mushrooms and then I invited the universe to come and tell me what the universe needed to tell me and then he went to like a bar or something and I’m like wait, you invited the universe to come and talk to you at a bar? Like really? You invoked the universe you’re only saying the universe, eating this is psilocybin, you had an intention of connecting to the intelligence of the univers to tell you something and then you go to a bar. I didn’t say it like that, the message I was trying to put through but I’ve been doing the same thing. Guess what, sometimes the universe answers your invitation and when the universe comes to you, look at the universal Farm Chapter 7 of The Bhagavad Gita I think it’s Chapter 7 where Krishna reveals himself to Arjuna and Arjuna is describing Krishna. The saints throughout the universe are bowing down to you like praying, an infinite number of arms and eyes and mouths and we know, the light emanating from you is brighter than a billion Suns and I see all humans being devoured in your mouth and this is the Oppenheimer quote but „Hello, I have become death, destroyer of worlds“ at the very end of that chapter Arjuna says to Krishna ( I’m definitely going to like abbreviate what he says but the essence of it is) could you please go back to normal form Krishna, please.
Duncan: Exactly. So, So I can read that in The Bhagavad Gita and it’s cool like how he understands the vastness of the cosmology in what we call Hinduism. But in real life are you ready for that, are you ready to see that and to really see it? Not just to think man, can I really manipulate reality using my mind or is it possible that we exist in multiple timelines. Is it possible that we are existing in a multiverse and I can jump in the different multiverses just through intention moving closer and closer and closer to my divine self. Is it possible that my divine super evolved actualized self existing at some point in some future and some multiverse can send signals back to me that I can follow in the direction of that thing. Is it possible that at some point in some future in some multiverse there is some awakened version of me that is the awakening version of all people that is calling out through all multiverses to bring those who can hear closer to it and we call that thing Gad when actually the closer you get to the thing the more you turn into it. Because it’s that powerful and if that is possible are you ready for that? Your ego will be like f*** yeah I’m ready, that sounds awesome
Duncan: Yeah. That’s right. This is from a podcast of Ron Doss and he was sitting with, I can’t remember these names are so difficult, policing when it is teacher is telling the story of getting really angry and the teacher said don’t worry Ron Doss, that’s just your karma running off like we get angry, when you start freaking out that’s old karma reaching some, you know that karma might be 10 seconds old, it might be 2 years old or a lifetime, whatever it is. Another way I’ve heard it described It is a lot easier for me to understand is that it’s like a fish swimming in circles in a fishbowl running into its own poop
Duncan: That’s what karma is. Now i get to be around this shitty thing that I Created some time ago, like oh, you grew up fast, wow you’re just a tiny little bit of bad luck. Now you’re a big big big boy, you grew fast. Well, instead of letting you trigger my procedure of habituation that is defined my entire life about another’s point maybe this time I won’t react in the way I did before and then you can start cleaning it up a little bit for sure. But yeah I’m thinking about the karmic implications of your actions there is definitely a great thing to do especially when it comes to magic because it’s all, you know, imagine you did discover that as we’ve talked about earlier that the universe is actively attempting to keep people asleep for whatever reason. Not even like some cabal of bankers but some fundamental aspect of the universes hypnotic in attempts to keep people in a state of never ending obituations that they never really wake up to their true identities. Well if that’s the case then you certainly do have a lot of power over people if you’re even slightly awake. I mean just literally waking up in a room full of sleeping people. The kind of power you have over them is so extreme.
Duncan: A dream for him, a true dream. But God forbid that should happen. So, in a same way If you begin the wake up to some of these things and you’re weak and you don’t have great intentions you just want to be surrounded by, and you see this all the time like anytime you see someone who’s got an entourage. You’re witnessing a magician. They might not know but that’s what they are and you’re witnessing a magician that surrounds themselves with human energy and it’s kind of like vortex floating around them in the form of all their weird sycophantic friends. So it’s like when you ever you want to know if a person’s got a swarm of people around them, that’s a magician in the magician is used that magicians power to enslave or to magnetize certain people around them. Which is why when you run into celebrity, big celebrities inevitably have entourages, any entourage. It’s so funny because the members of the entourage have personality characteristics identical to the sorcerer that they’ve been enslaved by because the sorcerers power is so intense that it actually is causing the identity of the people they brought into their gravity to transform into their own identity. It’s so cool to see Nosferatu. This is a really obscure, obscure thing. Not a Nosferatu, a Renfield. Renfield the Vampire Slave. I can remember being in a comedy store. There’s comedy club and there is comedian who’s kind of obscure but kind of famous in the world, he worked for Richard Briers. His name’s Paul Mooney and he is really funny but kind of one of these terrifying human who have no filter. So getting around a person like that if you’re leaking some b******* he’ll just tell you. Maybe something you’ve been trying to deny and he’ll just say it and it to your face forcing you to deal with it ultimately good, but in the moment painful. So there is a guy who is like basically is servant of the family that runs the comedy store, you know any powerful family what are people who are awake by holding them who were kind of draining their power, maybe getting some bad energy back but this famous f****** guy is famous for his role with this like kind of comedy dynasty that was in the parking lot. Paul Mooney just looked over and look at you, you’re a Renfield. You know that don’t you, you’re a vampire slave? Haha it was wild. He looks at the guys face like Oh no because it was true. That happens so waking up is a lot of responsibility goes into that because if you’re going to wake up and in use that get a bunch of sleepwalking people to start following you around then you’re f***** up. The people surrounding you should all be a SATs on the people who are trying to wake themselves up in each other. It shouldn’t be you and then a bunch of zombies that you’ve tricked into thinking you’re famous or whatever which is the arbitrary, absolutely ridiculous concept. Be careful. Be careful, if you’re going to f*****g do it so that we can all wake up and we can begin the ripples that are going to hopefully create a global civilization.
Euvie: Yeah we were just talking about this. We were making a mind map of kind of our goals and then breaking it down into kind of human level goals and things in our lives that we should be doing. Not not to get into too much detail because I don’t think we should reveal those kinds of private goals, but one of the things that we wanted to help people wake up. Going back to the beginning of this conversation and there’s just you know the information is out there people just aren’t looking at it so even on that basic human level just getting people to be more aware and look at reality without this kind of blurry filter that they normally have.
Duncan: Yes, and to show them the highest technology because the highest technologies is not computers, the highest technology is love. That is the highest tech that is always cutting edge it will never stop being cutting edge it is the most cutting edge technology on planet Earth and to cultivate that and to get around people and love them. Not try to change them but to love them were they’re at good luck. But if you could do that, there’s people who have done that with me. There’s people who have cultivated that energy That’s where the transformation happens, that’s where the waking up happens. Does the waking up happen by showing people a look at this f****** Isis video. No that’s not going to wake people up to make people want to go back to sleep if they were awake. It made me like f*** this man, I’m just dont want to look at anything again that has something to do with the news. But if you come to someone that you don’t know and you’ve cultivated your ability or abilities. So Nim Crawley Baba, Ron Doss’s guru is telepathic. There is countless stories of him reading people’s minds. It’s called seeing into what they are and telling them things that they’ve never told anyone. So, he had cultivated over the many years prior to him becoming this awaken being. He was a sadhu a wandering aesthetic, but he also had a family. Very few people know who he was. His name, Nim Crawley Baba. Nim Crawley was a train station.They used to call him the train baba because he was on a train, I get these stories, I blur them up but he was like sitting on a train and he didn’t have a ticket. And they made him get off the train. He got off the train and the train wouldn’t go. And then they invited him back on the train and it went. So, no one really knows his story necessarily but you can be certain, and this is what’s really interesting about him and all the other you know „teachers“ is they are in Crawley and Lebur four talks about this an introduction definitely get me before you guys have a copy of Lebur four?
Duncan: Ok. Get a copy of that. L-I-B-E-R four(4). In the introduction of that Crawley talks about the the way that did people disappear for awhile. Muhammad goes into the cave. Jesus I do not know the first 30 years is life. Buddha goes into the forest. All the stories share that same component of going somewhere kind of vanishing from the world for a little while so you can speculate on what they were doing during that time period. Probably they were doing what you guys are doing right now, they were begining to expand their consciousness, Any beginning to you figure out had a like do some of the tricks that we have heard great sources are capable doing. So Nim Crawley Baba definitely achieved some state of being able to look into a person fully and see all the stuff in there. The next thing he did, now if you could just do that and there’s many people who can do that if you could just do that you would be a great salesperson you would be able to sell a lot of f****** mattresses, cars nuclear weapons, you will be able to really make a lot of money in the world by reading people completely seeing them see what they are you could really f*** with people if that was the only thing that you could do but what he added to it and what the awakened beings seem to do along with this ability is they look into that part of the person that the person doesn’t want to show anyone and they love it they don’t love it ambigously, they love it completely, they love it with everything inside of them personally. Not like i just love everything but like I see into you, I see that thing that you did that hurt that person so much and you know you hurt them and you feel so horrible about that but I love you still. I love the person you were when you did that. I were the person you were before you did that and I love you now completely and it’s not phoney, it’s real. If you could do those two things if you could master those two powers that every single human that you got around will at least temporarily wake up, they would wake up and they would feel what is real. The only thing that’s real which is love. Those are the two if I could choose he magical powers does will be there to that I would want to be able that and the third would be invisibility.
Duncan: It’s crazy right? That stuff that you just forget about. I was floating in a, I had a float tank in my house once and I would go into it all the time. I was floating in it and all of a sudden I would start having these vivid memories of things I completely forgot and I can remember like feeling that you’re being shown it’s not like you’re like summoning it is showing you this . When I was like 11, 13 -young kid I had this vivid recollection of me being a bully to someone. Completely forgot about it, but there it was like it never went anywhere, like it happened yesterday. God isn’t that scary. Every moment of bluntness, every moment of mild rudeness, this is is actually something someone told me who works at a hospice who has died. Had the experience of going someplace were being told no you’re not going to die yet, go back and work, you’re not off work yet. That’s the funny thing about death experiences when people talk about it a lot of them like I don’t want to come back, they make you come back here. Like in a way when you were a kind and you didn’t get a hall pass to go and use the bathroom. No, no, no, no, no. You go back into the classroom. You didn’t learn yet. So, in that same what he said that with the experience of dying when I talk about the life of you is not that you see it like you’re watching a movie but you view you experienced it again with the addition of that you feel what you made all the people around you feel.
Mike: The more people you get in front of don’t become a celebrity early, you’re f****d. [laughter]
Duncan: But you know what? Maybe at the time of death of achieve this thing that you’re talking about self acceptance and some subsequent self love then when I love that runs through you you can love it just like you were loving yourself when you were in the human incarnation. That’s maybe why the practice is so important so that when that life review comes, did you know what, maybe the person who does the life review, the judger. You know there’s talk about them at the gates of Heaven, the entity that determines where you go maybe that’s the crazy thing is that it’s just yourself who decides by gazing upon what you did, you know what you didn’t pass. You’re the professor and the student. You didn’t pass the class this time. Let’s do it again, let’s keep doing it till we pass but keep doing. I don’t know. Let’s hope that it is and not some oblivion even though oblivion can be be cool too. S**t guys I’ve got to move. It’s eleven thirty, i’ve got to get back to work. I’ve got so much to do today.
Companies can directly provide more detailed information about a product to an individual as long as it is not disseminated to the general public. But as Mr. Zettl counters: "Who wants to become a registered patient before they can get information?"
“There is a lot more potential, we just need to get more performance because it is possible others made huge steps,” said the highly rated Finn referring no doubt to the leap made by Ferrari.
Although he’s only a rookie, Jameis Winston may be the main driving force for Tampa’s success this season. Concluding a brief, yet illustrious career at Florida State University that featured a Heisman Trophy honor and a national championship, Winston will now be asked to lead an offense that has struggled mightily in the past two seasons after breaking franchise marks in 2012. Losing only one game as a collegiate starter in two years, Winston has proved he can make plays and lead his team on the field; his off-the-field antics, however, have caused analysts to question his character. Persuading the football world that he’s a changed man earlier this year, Winston will get his opportunity to display his abilities once September rolls around.
The 46-year-old dentist and the 25-year-old woman got to know each other through a chat room on the suicide website about a month ago.
It follows Oxford University’s decision to allow students to take a history exam home in the next academic year, in order to help more women get top results.
I got an early preview of the software update on a Nook HD+ and what's a little bit surprising is that Barnes & Noble hasn't held anything back from the Google Play store -- it's as you would expect it to appear on any open Android device, complete with apps, music, movies, games, and yes, even e-books.
For all the talk we make about wanting Google to open the floodgates on Glass, lowering the price and making it widely available to users interested in embracing this brave new world of wearable technology, it’s easy to forget that Glass still isn’t a finished product. Last fall, for example, we learned of some minor changes Google was making to Glass’s hardware, tweaking how Glass would work with prescription lenses and other small adjustments. Today, on the eve of Google I/O 2014, Google’s got another Glass refresh to announce, with some improved hardware specs.
In addition to that hardware change, there’s also some new Glass software Google’s in the process of deploying, adding features like a voice-activated viewfinder to assist with framing pics, and new Google Now cards – including one that reminds you where you parked your car, just like we saw Android phones get earlier this year. Battery life is also a focus of these software tweaks, with this updated code helping to extend Glass battery life by up to 15% – though savings that high will also require the latest hardware with that bigger battery.
If general manager Masai Ujiri might have been a bit intemperate with his “Eff Brooklyn” statement before Game 1 of the series with the Nets, he was simply standing up for an organization that needs to command respect from a league that hasn’t shown much of it in the past half decade. There is more public fight to this group, more feistiness, more standing up for itself than it’s shown, more “We’re fed up and we’re not going to take it any more.” From front office personnel to players, coaches and support staff, it’s as if they’ve finally had enough of being slighted. The first post-season appearance since 2008 is a perfect avenue to get that out.
It’s the fact a division championship team got the worst possible start time for its playoff opener; 12:30 p.m. on a Saturday is the worst TV time, the worst tip-off time for the internal body clocks of players.
Charlotte got Gordon from the Detroit Pistons with a future first-round draft pick in June of 2012 for Corey Maggette. The Bobcats will get Detroit's pick this year if it is outside the top eight.
"What I didn't know was up until the day [of the 'Unplugged performance], there was talk of Dave [Grohl] not playing at all in the show," Alex Coletti, who produced 'Unplugged,' remembers. "Kurt wasn't happy with the way rehearsals were going; he didn't like the way Dave sounded playing drums with sticks … He's a heavy hitter, and the thing about 'Unplugged,' especially with rock bands, is if the drummer doesn't really, really get it under control and tries to play a rock show on a smaller kit, then it brings the show to a bad-sounding electric show instead of a good-sounding acoustic show."
In the modern era, with minimum wage so much higher than the rate of inflation, a premium is placed on tangible skills. This often puts unskilled laborers in limbo: they must have experience to get a job, but they first need to get a job to earn such experience. Rowe explains with a specific example that modern-day business owners are all too keen upon cutting costs to preserve resources. With technology advancing at a higher rate than ever, it is far too easy for executives to mechanize and make changes earlier than they perhaps were waiting to enact at a later time.
These negative nelllies blame fatness for every evil that has ever besieged them, no matter how petty. Conversely, being thin is assumed to be a magical state of being that gets you into all the cool clubs, makes boys like you and gets you straight A's on all your homework. Wow, sounds like a good deal!
Mr Burnham, who is MP for Leigh, stood by his comments, today telling Sky News: “I believe we’ve got to have a system that is more linked to people coming to fill a specific job in the labour market rather than speculative free movement, which has actually caused some difficult challenges in parts of Greater Manchester. We’ve seen downward pressure on wages.”
"I've never considered myself an underdog. I've always considered myself very lucky," Catania, an independent who has served on the D.C. Council since 1997, said in an interview Wednesday with Associated Press reporters and editors. "I know if I get up every day and do my best and communicate my message, I know I'll win."
"I think it's a paper tiger," he said. "If I ask a voter on the street if they can name one thing my opponent has done, they get a real stumped look because she has a (party) label but she has no record."
Nelson’s production has slipped this season, and even the return of quarterback Aaron Rodgers from his broken collarbone for the Panthers game didn’t jump-start the receiver. Nelson was leading the league with six touchdown receptions when Rodgers got hurt in Week 6 but hasn’t caught one since. He has 53 catches (his fewest since 2010) for 482 yards (his fewest since 2009). Nelson has one year left on his contract and is scheduled to make $10.25 million in salary and bonuses next season.
What about Anarky? We get an interesting origin for the chaotic bugger, only to trot him out for a kidnapping plot that buys tentative peace between Team Arrow and Darhk. I’m sure he’ll put in another appearance or two before the season’s out, but his entire approach and participation seem far more controlled than anarchic.
More important, the show really seems to care very little. Usually around this time, we’ll get a string of three or four episodes that really re-establish the main threat for the season, building to that final run of episodes to close out the year. Yet, this season, nothing so far.
In its place, we get drivel like this past week’s “Beacon of Hope,” where the most exciting thing about the episode was if you played a drinking game about the number of times people said the episode’s title. The alcohol poisoning potential was high. There are almost always one or two things to enjoy in any episode of the show — in this case, Curtis was fun, if bordering a tad on shrill — but an hour that reduced Emily Bett Rickards, Charlotte Ross, and Willa Holland to B-movie theatrics (no pun intended), set Oliver’s progression back 15 paces (yet again), and tried to bring the funny with awful puns feels more like an M.O. than an anomaly right now.
The show simply seems bored with itself. Even much of the action feels perfunctory and choreographed to within millimeters of its life rather than fierce, visceral, spontaneous, and explosive. Sure, things pick up in the final third of the season, like every year, but too much feels like going through the motions now. Last year, some of this sluggishness seemed to be a result of the creative team being split to get The Flash off the ground. This year, there were two new shows, Legends and CBS’ Supergirl, that divided the cabal. One can’t pin it solely on the shifted efforts, but it’s hard to deny at least some effect on both of the elder CW shows.
One can’t help but feel bad for the performers. We know they are game for lots of things, but after being handed the umpteenth version of the same dramatic beats and tropes each year, it’s got be hard to push through what’s sure to be some natural disinterest and work to keep things fresh.
Sources close to production tell us Apollo started dating the woman 2 years ago ... before he started his prison sentence, and they got engaged a couple months ago. We're told the woman lives in NJ, not far from the the federal prison where he's serving his sentence ... and she visits twice a week.
1. Let's get to work on a Tax Day Protest in DC and at local IRS offices around the country to demand that Trump release his returns.. — Beau Willimon (@BeauWillimon) January 23, 2017
But the Trump Taxes March also has a simple, achievable goal: to get President Trump to release his tax returns, something every other president has done for the past 40 years. His administration is already being sued by “constitutional scholars, Supreme Court litigators, and former White House ethics lawyers” over payments from foreign governments that might violate the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, so we know his hands aren’t clean—which is surprising because it should only take seconds to wash them, given that they’re so tiny.
These Star Wars Lightsaber Umbrellas are just freaking awesome. The hilts have been scaled down a bit, so they are very comfortable to hold. And while the shafts don't light up, they are anodized (and a little sparkly) in the proper blade color. The canopy part even has the saber owner's affiliation insignia (Jedi or Imperial) silk-screened on it. These Star Wars Lightsaber Umbrellas are ready to turn heads while keeping yours dry! If you don't use one of these Star Wars Lightsaber Umbrellas, you will get wet when it rains. And then Vader will sadly bellow, "Nooooooooo!"
" It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so " - Mark Twain
The way he gets frustrated after repeating himself over and over again.
The way he gets all excited when he knows or remembers things all of a sudden.
As in 2015, Kristoff will begin his 2016 at the Tour of Qatar in February and stay in the Gulf for the hillier Tour of Oman. He will get a taste of the cobbles by riding Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussel-Kuurne. Paris-Nice will be the Norwegian sprinters final stage race before Milan-San Remo, E3 Harelbeke, Gent-Wevelgem, Three days of De Panne, the Tour of Flanders, Scheldeprijs and Paris-Roubaix.
Our Congress is officially owned but not by us. 90% of us wanted gun reforms. We got shot. That's NRA. And that is representative govt. now. — jason alexander (@IJasonAlexander) April 17, 2013
My mom used to say "why did you only get a 90% on your math test, Jason, why not 100?!" so I totally get it you guys. — Jason Biggs (@JasonBiggs) April 17, 2013
The"R"s have lost my vote until this congress gets their act2gether I dont care ie Taxs Roe V Wade ANYTHING until R children R safe Im PISST — Tawny Kitaen (@Tawny_Kitaen) April 17, 2013
And if you don't think this story could get worse -- or more bizarre -- just wait.
If a crystal is speaking to you please get help. Similarly, if you have found mud people in your backyard I suggest you call a specialist. I am happy to hear that your sister is concerned about you crawling around on your hands and knees looking for their tiny coffins that hang from tiny ropes. I also can do nothing about Taiwan Satellites (although you enclosed an excellent sketch) and the Blackhawk helicopters circling the YMCA .
Don’t get me wrong, I really do want to see your cool artifacts. However, I must tell you, that more than half of the people who come to see me actually just have plain old boring rocks. That’s not a judgment. I am sure the Geology Department will be interested in seeing your rocks. At least that is what I will tell your adorable 8-year-old son when you bring him to my office to identify the “artifact” he found that “fits so nicely in his hand.”
The comedian was apparently in Chicago over the weekend and forgot about the two airport locations until it was too late; Ansari told his more than 2.4 million Twitter followers he would reimburse someone and offer them free tickets to his next Chicago show if a few tortas could be secured before takeoff. The hungry funnyman even tried to leverage his Executive Platinum status with American Airlines to get the pre-flight meal.
(See the slideshow below to learn if Aziz got his torta.)
SMITH: I lived something similar to that with my own family. She chose life, and I commend her for that. She knew my views. But, fortunately for me, I didn’t have to.. she chose they way I thought. No don’t get me wrong, it wasn’t rape.
The doctors I spoke with were impressed by my pragmatism and told me I was ahead of the curve in choosing to do this now, at 28, when my eggs were the healthiest they would ever be. But not everyone was as supportive: An old coworker nearly spit up her salad as I casually mentioned I was freezing my eggs over lunch. "But you're so young, successful, and beautiful. You'll definitely get married! Why would you do this?" she cried, without quite realizing how insulting her tone was. Her response only re-affirmed why I was doing this: not for a man, or a ticking clock, but for me, and the ability to live out my dreams on my own schedule.
* Returning after missing last week through suspension, Greg Bird (88) added stability to the Titans forward pack and a smile to the faces of 5% of SuperCoaches. Historically Bird has scored well against the Bulldogs and he didn’t disappoint, notching a try assist, 28 tackles and 38 points from hit-ups. If you’ve got him, you’d be happy with those points but with Origin just around the corner, he won’t be finding his way into many more teams.
During this orbit, Cassini gets within 2,320 miles (3,730 kilometers) of Saturn’s 1-bar level. Cassini also passes within 2,470 miles (3,980 kilometers) of the inner edge of Saturn’s D ring.
It was shared on Imgur, and has been viewed over a million times in the last two days. The caption reads: “So one of the students came with her kid, because she didn’t have a babysitter. The kid starts to cry in the middle of the class, so his mom, all embarrassed gets up to leave, and the professor took the kid from her, calmed him and continued teaching.”
Will Simon ever get the girl?
To close, here is a screenshot of this tool running against Cisco’s main domain name Cisco.com for five seconds (if this doesn’t get you a little freaked out I don’t know what would):
EDIT: Just to clarify I’m not saying that companies shouldn’t use sub domains. My point was that this would be an effective way to enumerate systems that are scattered across different hosts (which is very possible, maybe you outsource you FTP etc.) A better point would be to just be cautious of how sub domains are assigned and not to depend on the obscurity of a system for security. This is well pointed out with the Cisco sub domains as many of those domains are _not _supposed to be globally accessible. I was hoping this post would get a few people to think about just what kinds of systems they consider “secret” that could be enumerated and attacked like this. Thanks for all the constructive comments so far – I believe I’ve fixed any errors in the post as pointed out by readers!
I am currently chowing down on my new recipe. I’m excited to share it, so let’s get the tally over with.
*As a note, the chicken will cook MUCH faster in the veggie concoction than it would if you cooked it in butter or some other form of oil. I think this is because bacon gets MUCH hotter than other greases. If you’ve ever been splattered with bacon grease, you can attest to this first-hand.
"It's the way you're able to get the free throws," Stanford coach Johnny Dawkins said. "Our kids did a good job of playing with aggression. I thought we attacked the basket well. We got the ball inside and put ourselves in a position to be fouled."
"I tried to get him off his feet with a pump fake," Powell said. "He's a great shot blocker, so I knew it would be a tricky shot. ... Fortunately for me, he jumped."
What really takes nerve is to speak truth to knuckleheads. There are tens of millions of them. And they get to vote.
After Paul went on to ask how we’d feel if we were invaded by China, the No. 1 knucklehead in the race, Rick Santorum, got a chance to reply. He’d been standing there with his jaw open like a flounder and he rose to the bait like it was a chunk of fresh squid.
This got the predictable round of applause from the knuckleheads. But Paul went right back at them: “As long as this country follows that idea, we’re going to be under a lot of danger,” he said. He proceeded to point out the harsh reality that armed occupation leads to armed resistance.
In it, a small town in Colorado is invaded by Russian paratroopers. The local high school kids get guns and take to the hills.
He still cares about quality though. In a discussion about barbells he said that companies like Eleiko don’t need to prove anything because they already have reputation. But new companies often have cheaper price and better quality to get their place in the market.
There are numerous invites to commercial competitions coming to the Russian Weightlifting Federation. Many of them have no drug testing. Russians could just go, lift, and get like $5000. Unfortunately, such invitations often don’t reach athletes because of one person who handles the paperwork. That’s why athletes should give out their contact information.
Because of being open, I get many offers. Every single big company related to weightlifting has made some kind of offer to me. I was an athlete for so many years and nobody wrote to me. Now, when I sort of finished my career, they write me every day.
It is business. We didn’t really earn a lot in the US. There were 5 of us. We got the same money I get alone, but had to share it. It’s just more effective to do it alone. It’s not like I let him down. We are just working separately. If, say, Apti wants to do a seminar, he can go ahead and do it. If they need help with contacts, I will help them. I have connections with the whole world.
I travelled across 26 countries in 8 months. I am so tired of sleeping in airports like a bum. Flights are often delayed. Right now it took me 36 hours to get here from Brazil. It was supposed to take 23 hours. Where did I sleep? Airports.
You mentioned your plans for the Olympics. What if you get injured like the media told before London? What if you don’t show good enough results? Can you lose the interest of all the sponsors?
Why do I want to travel around the whole world? Sometimes I travel to countries that pay less if I have never been there. When you travel to a new country, people will talk to you, share the pictures in the social networks. You get more popular. That increases my price. Sponsors pay me more.
Akkaev once told me that he likes me for always doing what I tell I will do. It’s pointless to sit and talk about millions. You need to get up and work your ass off for it. That’s why so many people want to be directors and authorities: you just sit there with paperwork, do nothing and get paid. Nobody wants to create anything. All athletes want to win something and then do nothing. I am not like that. I want to work hard.
I don’t differentiate between weightlifting and Crossfit. All those haters do. Powerlifting and bodybuilding used to be like that – a foreign sport in Russia. How did they start? Everybody denied them. A while ago you could get in prison for owning a bodybuilding gym… Now they are popular. Crossfit is following the exact same path.
Berestov was saying that he couldn’t get the government fund weightlifting equipment for children … This is Russia, forget about it! Nobody will give anything to you for free.
Just like this program “On Par”. I created it and someone can just copy me, or improve and make it better and get better audience. There are many issues here. You could film it in different locations, add videos about athletes, their photos, put in more video editing. I know how to make it perfect; I just don’t have time because I am doing it myself.
If I knew I got to be first, goddamn, if I knew I’m going to be SECOND, I would easily go. It is just too much work, too much competition, too many people don’t want me to go.
“This is about working together to address the issue,” Snyder said. Lead from old pipes began leaching into water after the city’s water source was switched from Detroit to the more corrosive Flint River in 2014. Residents complained of their water’s brownish color, taste, and smell, and testing by outside experts confirmed a high presence of lead. For months, however, officials questioned the accuracy of the tests. Emails showed blame being shifted between state and local leaders, and residents concerns being dismissed. A task force later found fault with state environmental regulators, and earlier this month, Snyder apologized for the state response and declared a state of emergency. The regional administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency also resigned. The acknowledgements came far too late, according to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union also on Wednesday. “Public trust has been eroded by government officials’ efforts to evade responsibility in this crisis,” the suit said. “The damage done to city pipes from the Flint River water means that lead will continue to contaminate Flint’s drinking water. This contamination poses an ongoing health risk to the city’s residents, especially young children, who are most vulnerable to the effects of lead.” Snyder said the state’s first priority remained getting clean water to Flint. “Our goal is to get the water coming out of the tap safe as soon as possible,” Snyder said Wednesday. To do that most quickly, Snyder said officials would be working to recoat the interior of Flint’s lead pipes. Clean water is again coming into the city from Detroit, but the corroded lead pipes remain beneath Flint’s surface. Conversations about replacing lead pipes — and even identifying their location — is a longer term issue, Snyder said. “Where they are, we’re still mapping all that,” he said. “There’s a lot of work to be done there.”
Hello again fair and fanciful friends! It is I The Plaid Avenger, coming at you live from Nigeria where I have been partying all day with my main man Manmohan Singh….that would be Prime Minister Singh to you! But he ain’t no politician from Nigeria my brothers and sisters; he is the leader of India . So what’s this Indian brother doin’ hanging in western Africa ? I’m glad you asked! It’s got everything to do with India’s thirst for energy…two different types of energy to be exact, combining two different issues with two different Indian allies…but all the shit is going down at once! Dig it:
Our main man from New Delhi has been meeting with the Nigerian President Umaru Yar’Adua today to firm up a whole shitload of commitments between the two countries. India and Nigeria want to work together to increase trade between the states; to form a united front to counter the current international financial systems which are not very ‘developing-country friendly’; and even to work together to ensure that India gets a primo spot on the UN Permanent Security Council…should that group ever get around to expanding. But mostly they talked about cash! Oops, I mean economic ties…that’s the more politically correct term for politicians…
Dollars and resources! And the one resource in particular that India gets is…can you possibly even guess?….it’s oil! Nigeria is the world’s 8th largest exporter of oil on the planet right now, and India is the 6th largest user of oil on the planet….and here is the kicker: India ain’t got none of their own! None! They’ve got to import it all baby! So Singh and his boys from Bollywood can claim that they are hooking up with the Nigerians for a million and one different reasons…but we all know that it’s really all about that petroleum! India has got to have the oil, man!
Oh BTW, when countries talk about getting oil nowadays, they refer to it as ‘energy security talks’ Ha! I got something you can secure! What the hell ever! You guys are talking about buying and selling oil, and the Avenger knows this!
But wait…I thought the world was trying to get away from oil dependence? Why don’t the Indians just use some other type of energy? Well, as stated above, India ain’t got no oil. They do have some coal, but that is awfully polluting fuel for a billion people to use. As is wood. Or dried cow dung. So India simply doesn’t have a lot of energy options. Oh! Oh….wait! Oh….Oh….Oh…I got it! Call on me teacher! I’ve got the answer! Call on me! My hand is up!…How about nuclear energy? Yeah! Damn I’m good. See , India already has nuclear technology; hell, it has a nuclear program and nuclear bombs! So they can just start making nuclear energy….right?
Wrong! Check the other stories above for the ‘no to nukes’ bomb that Singh dropped today. Pun intended. US President Bush had to call back Indian Prime Minister Singh while he was in Nigeria today to hear the bad news that a proposed Indian-US nuke deal was going to get shot down in the Indian Congress. How bizarre is that story? US calls India in Nigeria . Confused enough yet? Let me clarify quickly…
Almost all the major world powers which possess nuclear weapons have signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which basically states that they won’t proliferate or distribute nuke technology to anybody else. However, I did say almost all. India , Pakistan and Israel are three states known to possess nuke technology, but who have not signed this treaty—and all for very, very different reasons too, which I won’t get into here. As you can imagine, this treaty is mostly to ensure that nobody is making nuke weapons, but nuke power technology is allowed by the NPT, which makes enforcement of it tricky…i.e. see IRAN in current events.
In other words, the US will personally work with India to get them the goods (nuke energy technologies and fuel) and in return India promises to abide by all the major rules of the NPT (especially the ‘no proliferating’ part) and the IAEA—International Atomic Energy Agency—would also be participating to do inspections and enforce the rules.
And the Bush Administration? Holy shit! They were tickled pink! Not only would the US get to make tons of money on selling India nuke secrets and fuel, but US corporations were going to be getting a hefty share of building the nuke plants to boot! And the US really wants the growing Indian economy to produce its own fuel….thereby lessening its demand for world oil…lower Indian demand means more left over for us! At cheaper prices too! President Bush whipped up this agreement overnight, got it passed by Congress and signed it into law in a hot shit minute. The IAEA was working out the details, and all that was left to do was have the Indians formally sign the treaty. Let’s get this game on! Win-win-win baby!
Oops. Unfortunately it lost-lost-lost. That’s what the sad phone call from Nigeria to Air Force One was about earlier today. The Indian political system is one of those kind of freaky parliamentary systems where there is no clear cut political party in power. Like in the US right now, the Democrats control the House, the Republicans control the White House, etc. But in India , there is like 50 different parties in Congress, and for a Prime Minister to get any piece of legislation passed, he has to have a whole shitload of parties working together. He has to form a coalition government to get things done.
You dig what I’m saying? The coalition is comprised of a bunch of different political parties that together form a majority. On top of that, this coalition that forms has the responsibility of electing the Prime Minister himself. Which means if enough folks in the coalition get pissed, they can actually crash the whole government by declaring a stalemate…in which new elections would be called for and a new Prime Minister picked.
“I asked if I could wear my religious headwear and he said, yes — it just couldn’t have any logos, or any type of writing. I told him it didn’t, and I went out to my car and got my colander. It doesn’t cover my face. I mean, you can still see my face. We have to take off our glasses, so I took off my glasses,” Hammond said.
Meanwhile, Trump's campaign has done little to assuage the concerns of the nation's Hispanic voters. Trump sent a video greeting to an annual conference of Hispanic evangelical pastors last weekend in California — seen as one of his first attempts to reach out to any large group of Latinos. But this week he also strongly attacked one of the country's most prominent Latina political figures, New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, a Republican, telling rally-goers in Albuquerque that "she's got to do a better job."
Before I get into the details of IIS Express, let’s first quickly review how the ASP.NET Development Server and IIS options work today.
Visual Studio’s built-in ASP.NET Development Server (also known as “Cassini”) has the benefit of being light-weight and easy to quickly run. It doesn’t listen on remote ports (which makes it easier to get approved for many corporate security environments), works even when you are running under a non-administrator account, and doesn’t require a separate installation step.
The fact that it is so easy to get running is a huge positive of it – and the reason it is the default web-server used by ASP.NET projects in Visual Studio when you press F5 to run them:
Using IIS as your development server allows you to take full advantage of all web-server features (SSL, URL Rewrite Rules, etc). IIS is a full-fledged web-server – which means you’ll get an experience closer to what it will work like when you deploy the application on a production server.
It also got out of pharmaceutical company Shire Plc amid signs the government would crack down on mergers seeking tax advantages. And it sold Shire short before its planned merger with AbbVie Inc was called off, netting a profit.
Still, the movement's message and popularity have left an indelible mark on the Republican Party, whose leaders underestimated the anger in their base over illegal immigration. The GOP, which at the time was considering legislation to legalize undocumented immigrants in a version of Ronald Reagan's 1986 immigration reform law, rejected the popular movement at first. President George W. Bush dismissed the Minutemen as "vigilantes," while Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Robert Bonner said he worried the volunteers would get hurt or hurt illegal immigrants.
So when episodes of violence break out as part of our side in a demonstration, an uprising, a movement, I think of it as a sabotage, a corruption, a coercion, a misunderstanding, or a mistake, whether it’s a paid infiltrator or a clueless dude. Here I want to be clear that property damage is not necessarily violence. The firefighter breaks the door to get the people out of the building. But the husband breaks the dishes to demonstrate to his wife that he can and may also break her. It’s violence displaced onto the inanimate as a threat to the animate.
Many other activists yelled at the brawlers because they felt that the violence-tinged actions did not represent them or the Occupy movement and put them in danger. It was appalling that the city of Oakland began, a week earlier, by sending in stormtrooper police before dawn rather than negotiating about the fate of the Occupy Oakland encampment. But it was ridiculous that some people tried to get the police to be violent all over again. And it was tragic that others bore the brunt of that foray, including the grievously injured veteran Kayvan Sabeghi—another veteran, a week after Scott Olson.
If nonviolence/people power is privilege, explain this eyewitness account from Oakland last Wednesday, posted on the Occupy Oakland site by Kallista Patridge: “By the time we got to the University building, a brave man was blocking the door screaming "Peaceful Protest! This is my city, and I don't want to destroy it!" He cracked his knuckles, ready to take on an attack, his face splattered in paint from the Whole Foods fiasco [in which downtown Oakland’s branch of the chain store was spraypainted and smashed up based on a rumor that workers were told they’d be fired if they took the day off for the General Strike]. Behind the doors were men in badges. I was now watching a black man shield cops from a protest. The black flag group began pointing out those attempting to stop them, chanting ‘The peace police must be stopped,’ and I was, personally, rather disgusted by the strategy of comparing peacefully pissed people to police….”
The language of Crimethinc is empty machismo peppered with insults. And just in this tiny snippet, incoherent. People who don’t like violence are not necessarily fearful or obedient; people power and nonviolence are strategies that are not the same as the ideology pacifism. To shut down the whole central city of Seattle and the World Trade Organization ministerial meeting on November 30, 1999, or the business district of San Francisco for three days in March of 2003, or the Port of Oakland on November 2, 2011—through people power—is one hell of a great way to stand up. It works. And it brings great joy and sense of power to those who do it. It’s how the world gets changed these days.
Crimethinc, whose logo is its name inside a bullet, doesn’t actually cite examples of violence achieving anything in our recent history. Can you name any? The anonymous writers don’t seem prepared to act, just tell others to (as do the two most high-profile advocates of violence on the left). And despite the smear quoted above that privileged people oppose them, theirs is the language of privilege. White kids can do crazy shit and get slapped on the wrist or maybe slapped around for it; I have for a quarter century walked through police lines like they were tall grass; people of color face far more dire consequences. When white youth try to bring the police down on a racially diverse movement—well, it’s not exactly what the word solidarity means to most of us.
Ah the Wii U. In some people’s eyes it is an abomination while in others it is a bastion for the older days of gaming and that Nintendo patented cuteness. Whatever your stance is, if you’re a gamer that has one you’ll want to be playing the best games and at the best value. This series will give you a monthly rundown on the newest titles that are added to the eShop each month – with a specific focus on the digital-only games. (Retail titles will be mentioned in passing, but are not the main focus). To kick this off, I’m going to take a look at at the titles that have graced the Wii U over it’s first year and a half – let’s do this! Along the way I’ll use a simple rating for each game – Ignore, Watch or Buy. Ignore are games that aren’t worth your time or money – give them a miss. Watch means to put this game down on your watch list, and pick it up when the price comes down to something you agree with, or you get some extra money in your pocket. Buy should be the things you head straight for!
‘The most complete spot the difference game on Wii U’. Well, that’s certainly true! However, you can also get the same experience by going to any browser based game on the web. The only reason to get this, is if you are some kind of shovelware connoisseur.
TNT Racers was originally a WiiWare game, that has been ported to the Wii U with some hiccups. It uses the same classic gameplay style Micro Machines uses – having to go fast enough to cause your opponent to fall off the bottom of the screen, using various weapons to help you accomplish this. There are other modes too, like missions which have you dodging cones and picking up items, as well as challenge and points events. However, in spite of being a game that is clearly far more fun as a multiplayer title, there is no online play, meaning that this game will be doing nothing if your friends aren’t over. The graphics and music are cute enough, however they are not going to blow you away. A fun little racer that is a laugh with friends, get this one depending on your situation.
Giana sisters is known for the original being a knock-off of Super Mario, however in recent years it’s been carving out its own identity. It’s a platformer with tight and responsive controls, and a few neat features. Giana can transform into a fireball, spin in the air and switch between two different versions of herself which in turn change the world from vibrant and happy to dark and gloomy. One issue that does arise is that the world is actually a little bit too populated, often the background seems to get in the way of the platforming, making things a little confusing. However, for what it is it’s a fun platformer that you won’t be able to play on any other console.
A 2D sidescrolling platformer with a twist – it uses procedurally generated levels. This is a feature rarely seen in platformers due to the genre generally needing to be a more controlled and tighter experience than RPG’s which often use it, however here it works very well. You never get a broken or unplayable level, and most of the time wouldn’t know it’s been generated by an algorithm. Cloudberry can have some bloody hard levels, and includes a story mode with different characters that have different traits, such as one that can double-jump and one that can’t stop. It’s a fun, different platformer that is worth your money, but you’ll have to judge it up against the plethora of other platformers out there to see if it is worth your time.
Kung Fu Rabbit often takes two steps forward, one step back. On one hand, the controls are absolutely tight, which is very important in any platformer, and the graphics are very HD and smooth. On the other hand, it’s light on content, and the menus lack text making it feel like an ipad game most of the time, which really lets it down. As you progress in the game you collect carrots which can be used for upgrades, and you face various obstacles which do add variety. A bit more of a push could have made this game great – and I really hope the development team gets to expand on this premise in a sequel.
Games that are both truly unique, and relatively obscure almost never come along, however Little Inferno seems to occupy that space. Half sandbox half game, you are set in front of a fireplace and charged with well, burning things. Burning things gets you coins, which you can use to get more things to burn from the charming catalogue the game provides. It does have a light puzzle element, in the form of needing certain combos to unlock more catalogues to burn more things. The real fun in this game comes from the physics engine and the sheer amount of things to burn, and the light narrative the evolves over the few hours of gameplay make this a game experience that will burn itself into your mind, occupying a space in it unlikely to be challenged by anything else for a while to come.
The Cave is a decent platform puzzle game, however its great presentation values often mask what is in actuality a fairly standard game. The use of character switching gameplay is much better done in Trine, and the frustrations with having to traipse around the levels back and forward often pull what could have been a great game down to simply adequate. You may get a kick out of it thanks to its look and atmosphere, but it is somewhat flawed at a gameplay level.
Not my favorite reset because it’s predictable for two reasons. 1: a lot of people use it so it’s easy to tech against once you see her air dash animation, 2: if you commit to this reset, there is no 50/50; you will either land a grab or they’ll tech it. You’ve already used your airdash, so your only option is to grab or throw out a move that will get YOU grabbed from the opponent’s attempt to tech a grab they were expecting. Use this one sparingly or just when you’re deep in your opponent’s head)
a basic vortex that can go a long way, but loses to reversals so don't get predictable with it
It’s that word “presciently” that stands out to me. If you are ahead of your time and you go against the prevailing view—which for liberals was that institutional alone was responsible for poverty in the black community—you are going to get hammered for it, as Moynihan was. But while no person could then or now deny the continuing effects of institutional racism, it’s hard to argue that widespread father absence is good for any subculture.
A rising tide lifts all boats. Women of color benefited from a women’s movement which did not exclude them, perhaps not as much as white women did, but more than black men did. A cover story in Newsweek way back in March 2003, was titled “From Schools to Jobs: Black Women Are Rising Much Faster Than Black Men. What It Means for Work, Family and Race Relations.” There is still a large gap today. A movement toward helping American boys and young men will help boys of color, especially if, as should be the case, they do get extra attention from such a movement.
"We've got a combination of a housing crisis, with about 187,000 people on waiting lists, and a financial crisis."
Cecila McDonald told the girl, “You ain’t about to get my kids taken away from me,” as Lonnell McDonald laughed, according to the affidavit.
What really gets my investigative wheels turning?
More recently, a Schaefer attack ad accused Hawley of working for terrorists, citing Hawley’s work in representing the Iranian group Mujahedeen-e-Khalq in its efforts to get off the U.S. list of terrorist organizations. The group carried out a series of bombings and assassinations against Iran’s clerical regime in the 1980s and fought alongside Saddam Hussein’s forces in the Iran-Iraq war, but renounced violence in 2001 and was removed from the U.S. list in 2012.
"Mayor Bloomberg is using this tragedy and walking all over graves to get to the microphone," Brown said.
Brown declined to say whether his group's rally would include speakers but added, "I have no intention to get in a shouting match."
The race to get the Yamato was on.
The operation was supposed to be a coordinated strike, with Task Force 58’s task groups supporting each other. The tactic had been used and refined since the first air battles of the South Pacific. In successive waves, strike groups from each carrier would bear down on the Japanese task force. The fighters were supposed to go first, strafing, rocketing, dropping light ordnance, distracting the enemy gunners while the SB2C Helldivers plunged almost straight down with their heavy bombs. They would be closely followed by the TBM Avenger torpedo planes, which needed all the distraction and diversion they could get when they made their dangerous low altitude runs straight at the enemy ships.
Western philosophical discourse about suicide stretches back at least to the time of Plato. Still, prior to the Stoics at least, suicide tended to get sporadic rather than systematic attention from philosophers in the ancient Mediterranean world. As John Cooper has noted (Cooper 1989, 10), neither ancient Greek nor Latin had a single word that aptly translates our ‘suicide,’ even though most of the ancient city-states criminalized self-killing.
I still remember the car ride home. The poor puppy was terrified. He didn't want to get in the car, so my brother-in-law had to carry him in the truck. He rode the whole way home in the front passenger seat, over his shoulder.
Eventually, I started caring for Khloe better. I took him for walks - when I realized how happy it made him to get out, it encouraged me to get out more. We took bike rides together, and long walks, and even started going to the dog park. I started training him - he learned to stay and roll over and speak and jump and crawl under things on command, we even started getting compliments at the store on how well behaved he was. Khloe was so happy - and along the way, this was helping me to feel better … I learned to cope with depression better because of him. I don't know if I'd still be here if it weren't for him.
He was an odd dog. He was so, so protective of me (and women in general, but mostly me). I couldn't hug anyone or sit too close to someone without him getting jealous. Playfighting was a huge no-no around him - he'd even get upset when the other dogs in the family would play too rough.
Khloe's best friend was his doggy cousin, Sasha the Basset Hound. Sasha was a few weeks old when my sister adopted her ... Khloe wasn't quite sure what to do with her, she was so small! They became friends quickly, though. He taught her lots of things ... How to chase the four wheeler at the cabin, and chasing chipmunks, how to wrestle (Such a weird dog! Khloe was allowed to play rough, but he'd get upset if anyone else did). Khloe always used her long basset ears against her in their playfighting. They were "attacted at the butt": they often could be seen together laying with their backsides against one anothers. They went on adventures together in the woods and loved to run together.
He liked to think that he was a big, tough dog ... But he was really a big baby! At the dog park, he liked to run up to the other dogs with his head raised and his tail up like "I'm the boss!" but as soon as he got to them, he'd turn and look to me like "oh no, Momma, what did I do?" Fireworks terrified him (poor guy would hide under tables!), as did little kids. When we had a litter of kittens running around and they climbed all over him, he stayed absolutely still and cried until I moved them away from him. And, as he was a 75 pound, strong dog, he was fully capable of winning a game of tug-o'-war with his doggy cousin, Lucky, a 15 pound Parson Russel Terrier ... But he'd always let her win.
We learned one day as the family was sitting in the backyard and someone was blowing bubbles in the next yard over that Khloe HATED bubbles - he smashed right into the back of the garage jumping up to pop one. And balloons? My seventeenth birthday, an aunt brought me some … I don't think she'll ever do that again. We had to put them away because Khloe was so upset, barking and trying to get to them to pop them.
He hated water, too - he'd literally attack it. He'd dig and scoop at it with his mouth. He wasn't much help when I was trying to fish! On our morning walks at the river he'd get scared sometimes of the sound of the waves, but at the same time he always insisted on walking across a dock over the water. He hated rain, and would refuse to go outside in it.
He had a special brand of balls that he loved. At the dog park, he'd carry one around and make sure everyone knew it was his … He didn't like to let anyone throw it for him. If he had his ball when someone would hug me or get too close, he'd still get mad, but he wouldn't bark - just chew the ball really hard and stare.
Khloe became sick in October, 2011 - he went off his food suddenly (still eating treats and we could get him to eat with yogurt or wet food mixed in his kibble) and started drinking excessively. He had a blood test and urinalysis done at the vet, which came back showing that he was hypercalcemic,no other problems. We went home with a diuretic and a steroid to help flush the excess calcium from his system. He did well on those - they made him SO hungry though - poor guy never stole food off the table until he was on those medications.
His last couple of days he was so exhausted, but he couldn't seem to get comfortable... You could hear him cry very softly as he breathed. The vet finally got back to me about his test results. His parathyroid levels were normal, which left the only other cause to cancer. She said we could pursue it and try to find the cancer (we had absolutely no idea where it was or anything like that) ... I don't think he was strong enough, even if we were to find the cancer, to undergo treatments or surgery at that point. He was shutting down. He had lost weight, the muscles on his shoulders were sunken in ... Being at the vet made him miserable anyway - his poor nose was rubbed raw from his stay at the emergency vet and I was told he wouldn't stop barking. I felt that would be cruel to put him through that. I couldn't let him suffer any more.
A trip out to have a couple of drinks with your friend would all be perfectly normal and a total non-story except for the fact that Skipper just resigned from ESPN 11 days ago citing his struggles with substance addiction and his desire to get help for that addiction. Now maybe Skipper wasn’t addicted to alcohol — and it was some other drug instead — but if you have such an issue with substance addiction that you need to immediately resign from ESPN should you really be out drinking 11 days later with one of the most prominent employees at your former company? And if you’re Skipper’s good friend, Dan LeBatard, would you let your friend go out drinking with you if you knew he had a true issue with substance abuse and you were crying about it on your radio show 11 days ago? That seems highly unlikely.
The fear of a major act of domestic terrorism became a permanent reality following September 11th, and no series echoes the psychological fallout of that tragedy better than Homeland. If Carrie Mathison’s crazy theories can be believed and not simply attributed to her perpetually unstable mental health, American POW Nicholas Brody is working closely with terrorist organizations to orchestrate a large scale attack of impossible proportions. Things get increasingly tense when Brody climbs the ranks of public office to become a viable candidate for vice president. It seems like a cheap hypothetical spurned only by the most disillusioned conspiracy theorist, yet Homeland presents it as something entirely plausible.
The world kind of forgot how great Claire Danes was. It took about four hours for her to solidify her role as the most believably crazy protagonist on television. Watching Carrie flounder in a world that doesn’t understand her condition leaves users feeling hopelessly anxious, an uncomfortably addictive feeling reminiscent of watching chunks of 24. Why can’t Carrie just get her shit together? Who knew a genius way of playing that tiresome convention of ‘crazy person was right all along!’ could be heightened so well simply by making said person actually batshit insane.
"In the past we could get the same amount of fish in one week that we get now in one month," he says.
ORLANDO — Outgoing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that the company is moving toward one Windows across multiple screens and devices and that a touch-first Office will ultimately get to the iPad when it gets to Windows.
“I was involved in the embryonic stages of the Internet in Australia having a role within APANA which provided network access when almost nobody could get it unless they were in University. Julian Assange was also one of many Australians involved in APANA and most of us ran APANA nodes which let people dial in and connect to the Internet all connected to central hubs.”
“In the main file lockers are simply modern-day ‘fences’ of stolen goods. Just like a thief would take a stolen television or car radio to the pub and sell it for a few dollars, there are thousands of people around the world who take copyright content, upload it to an incentivized file locker, then get a few dollars to as much as $30 for 1000 downloads of that content.”
At first, King got nowhere with PayPal, but through persistence something changed recently. During the last week or so King says that PayPal has been cutting off services and freezing the funds of a wide range of file-hosting sites including Putlocker, ExtaBit, TurboBit, UptoBox, Cloudnator, RYUShare, BulletUpload, BackUpload, RGHost, NitroBits, FireGet, FileMates….and the list goes on and on.
“We need as much help as we can get to resolve this backlog of 14,000 cases,” he added.
The key to all this is the new anamorphic “Open Gate” mode. This uses the entire sensor with no crop. You get a 4:3 image as if shooting a still. An anamorphic lens can be used to stretch this to a cinema-friendly aspect ratio. However…
Placed on a 16:9 timeline in Adobe Premiere, I got 4992 x 2808 10bit with fine detail that had me rubbing my eyes in disbelief. The cherry on top? I could reframe the shot vertically to get rid of unwanted objects at the top or bottom of the original frame, or to improve the positioning of the camera.
A range of frame rates are offered in this mode too… but the ones you will see in the anamorphic menu depends on the System Frequency you set the camera to. In 24hz (Cinema) mode, you get 5K at 24p. Switch to 50hz (PAL) and you get 25p. Go 60hz NTSC and you get 29.97p and 23.98p respectively. So remember to go into the System Frequency menu to get the frame rate you need. 60p and 50p are available in anamorphic mode as well, but only at the lower resolution and bit-depth (3328 x 2496 8bit).
If you were to join, you’d have even more opportunities to excel scholastically. But do you want to try that hard? Who needs the support of other students who have experienced the same classes, professors, and programs? I have been out of school a while, but I bet that ratemyprofessor.com still has the same benefit for way less money. If you fall behind in a class or have a rough semester, you’d be able to get along just fine without a fraternity or sorority to provide support. One meeting with an academic advisor and a quick skim of a BuzzFeed article on study skills will have you on your way to a 4.0 before you know it! Honestly, I know too many members of fraternities and sororities who have failed out of school because they decided to major in drinking, drugs, and one-night-stands instead of keeping focus in their major. It would be too much work for you to balance your social schedule and your academics. Who came to college for a challenge?
A benefit of being part of a fraternity or sorority is definitely being able to give back to important causes. But don’t you have your own expenses to take care of? College is expensive. Your bills could include rent, groceries, cell phone, utilities, beer, car insurance, gas, clothes, and spring break. Would you even want to try to give ten extra bucks to help find a cure for cancer? And who wants to give up precious weekend hours for community service? Someone else can build that Habitat home. Obviously you don’t need to even be in a fraternity or sorority to perform service or philanthropy. Plenty of college students do it. But I’m sure you’ve got other things on your plate.
If I’m being blunt, here’s why I really don’t want you to join a fraternity or sorority: I’ve worked too hard to let someone like you be part of the problem. We’ve got enough members who decide to quit two years after they’ve taken their “lifelong” oath, or who join for the toga parties and “funny” hazing. I don’t want you to join if you’re not willing to be part of the solution.
To achieve an exact replica of what my actual status bar looked like, I opened Android Open Source Project (AOSP) and copied the BatteryMeterView, deleting anything that was not do with drawing the battery showing 100% charge. Similarly, I ensured the clock display matched AOSPs. Initially I was aiming to get the the status bar pixel perfect for my own phone (a Nexus 4 running KitKat). Generally I was aiming to support Google’s Nexus devices — that’s what I had and knew, and really that was all that was interesting for me. Other manufacturers mess around with the appearance of many things, the status bar being one of them, and trying to get all of those accurate was not a challenge I was interested in taking on.
Slowly, over time, other Android versions and capabilities were added — from full battery and 12:00 only came the ability to manually change the time and toggle different icons for the top right of the status bar — e.g. WiFi, network and GPS. Ensuring that the spacing, fonts, icons and assets had the correct colour and size for each platform took a fair amount of time to get right and test — Jelly Bean has blue icons, KitKat can have a coloured gradient background, Lollipop introduced new icons and the ability to have a solid coloured background and more recently, Marshmallow brought the light status bar.
These are not reviews by those actually using it as intended — the feedback I’ve had from developers has been phenomenally good. But for some reason, the app gets downloaded by loads of non-developers, who seem to be generally very confused about what it is and does. Overwhelmingly, those reviews state that “the time does not update”.
Putting it on the Play Store in the first place was probably a mistake — it could have remained solely an APK for download from GitHub. My curiosity of seeing how many downloads it would get is partially to blame (currently 70k), and I thought that the convenience of the store would help developers find it.
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
So I wonder which one of those McCrory staffers got the job to remodel his bathrooms? At $230,000, it must have been somebody on the Republican pay scale. It certainly wasn’t any of the rest of us because we wouldn’t just be fixing the toilet. We’d be buying a whole new house.
You can gut and replace a bathroom in an average house for around $25,000 using relatively high-grade materials. I get that the Mansion is a fine old lady and she deserves fine fixtures and materials but it’s hard to see how you spend $50,000 for a master bathroom that belongs to a bunch of people who aren’t even going to get a chance to use it. And it’s not like all the bathrooms are master baths.
I’ve got an idea, Governor. I’ll stop giving you shit about your renovations if you hire me to help you with your optics. I’ll even give you my services on the Democratic pay scale, also known as market rate. You just tell me what you are planning to do, and then I’ll tell you whether or not it looks stupid to the rest of the state. I’ll bet I can save you a whole bunch of headaches.
One intriguing name on the shortlist is that of Emil Jones, 73, currently president of the Illinois Senate. He was one of Obama’s political patrons, is close to the governor and is an African-American, yet I got snorts of derision when I ran his name past some other Illinois sources of mine. That’s because Jones is from the old school — he started out as a sewer inspector, which is not bad training for a life in politics — and is not a modern, ready-for-TV candidate, possessing an orator’s tongue. He is a Chicago pol — the ring tone on his cell phone is the theme from “The Godfather” — but he would be a “place holder” only and would not run in 2010. He would fill the seat with an African-American and give the other contenders plenty of time to start their campaigns.
Shahreen Haq was put through one such stressful event recently. She has a debit card from a reputed foreign bank and last week she got two text messages within 20 minutes notifying that her card was used to make purchases worth over Tk 62,000. She was at home at the time and had not used the card. A shocked Shahreen instantly got in touch with the bank and the police and managed to block the payment. Others were not so lucky.
The BB also directed the banks to get certified by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), which is a proprietary information security standard for organisations that handle branded credit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and JCB etc. But no bank has done it so far except Q Cash, according to BB.
“If bankers get involved into the frauds, EMV card cannot protect customers. Bankers have customers' data and they can clone cards by stealing those data easily,” he noted.
Just seems like another boring self-congratulatory weight loss photo...until we get to the last tag.
There was apparently a point where he referred to me specifically as a "c--t," but he ended up deleting it before anyone got a screenshot. But yes. He told a friend of mine to kill herself, told another to eat a bag of sh-t, and completely went on the attack, lacking any modicum of class or decorum. He then blocked anyone who called him out (myself included) regardless of whether their comment was rude or polite.
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
The remarkable story of how we have come to privatize political corruption in this country reached another milestone today as the Supreme Court, John Roberts presiding, handed down its decision in McCutcheon v. FEC, effectively demolishing the aggregate, two-year limit on contributions by individuals, and taking a big chunk out of Buckley v. Valeo, the misbegotten 1976 decision that got the ball rolling in the first place. It was a 5-4 vote, with the court split exactly as it had in the Citizens United case. In writing the opinion for the court, Roberts further emphasized the equation of money with speech, and also seemed to agree with Anthony Kennedy's famous assertion in Citizens United that the ability of megadonors to shovel gobs of money into the election process,"We now conclude that independent expenditures, including those made by corporations, do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption." Roberts writes:
And John Roberts apparently resides on Neptune. And, in case you didn't get the point.
Justice Stephen Breyer takes up a lot of these points in his dissent, most notably, the majority's laughably narrow definition of what political corruption actually is -- that political corruption exists only if you buy a specific result from a specific legislator. But it hardly matters. The five-vote majority in favor of virtually unlimited corporate and individual spending in our elections is a rock solid one. Four days after almost every Republican candidate danced the hootchie-koo in Vegas to try and gain the support of a single, skeevy casino gazillionnaire, the majority tells us that there is no "appearance of corruption" in this unless somebody gets caught putting a slot machine in the Lincoln Bedroom on behalf of Sheldon Adelson. Money talks. Big money repeats itself, over and over, age after age.
What is this magical place? The under-the-radar Italian region of Abruzzo, where even intrepid Americans can still get a taste of the real sepia-toned Italian life we all picture in our daydreams.
Settle in with a bottle of Pecorino, the third and least common Abruzzese wine grape (not to be confused with the cheese), brought back from near extinction. Its tart acidity pairs well with Bruno's seafood-focused fare. Try the mixed seafood chitarra, a spaghetti-like Abruzzese pasta that gets its name from the stringed instrument used to shape its strands.
The House Intelligence Committee is slated to interview President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner on Tuesday, according to a committee announcement.
With suspects No. 1 and No. 2 operating side-by-side, it’s no wonder they’re exacting a high cost on health. The irony of this bad news about bacon is that sodium and nitrites are industry additives — the meat itself is innocent. (Well, not really: Bacon’s still got ne’er-do-wells saturated fat, cholesterol, and heme iron lurking around.) But what seems clear is that we’re making red meat worse for us by processing it.
"By placing greater emphasis on data analytics, we get a real-time, holistic view of the behavior of the network, its users and their devices to identify potential vulnerabilities and strengthen them before an intrusion happens," explained CompTIA's Senior Director for Products Dr. James Stanger.
Questioned whether stripping the state of federal funding would only further negatively impact the communities DOT is trying to protect Foxx said the agency is still gathering information "I don't want to presuppose the outcome at this point, we need to go and get the facts but I think that the recourse we have is fairly effective we've seen it work in previous cases. Hopefully we won't get there but if we do we will be very aggressive."
It's unclear when the DOT will complete its investigation or whether it will be done before the November 2016 election, though Foxx said the agency is working to get it done as soon as possible.
“Because JavaScript is single-threaded, that means if you have any long-running work it has to happen asynchronously for your app to remain responsive or it would just block and your browser would freeze,” said Anders Hejlsberg, the lead architect of C# and now also a core developer for Microsoft’s TypeScript transpiler for JavaScript. So the JavaScript runtime libraries and all the frameworks are designed such that they only have asynchronous ways of doing things. If you want to do an expensive operation like an XML HTTP request, you don’t get to block and await for the result; you get to supply a callback that calls you back later with the result.”
“There’s a huge amount of excitement out there; people are looking forward to when they can use async functions without transpilation,” said Brian Terlson, from Microsoft’s Edge team, who is the editor of the ECMAScript standard as well as “champion” for the async proposal on the TC39 committee that standardizes ECMAScript. When he tweeted that the async proposal had reached stage four, it got more retweets than anything else he’s tweeted.
The growth of APIs that add asynchrony means JavaScript needs better ways of handling that in code than callbacks. “If you have just one source of asynchrony a callback is OK but if you’re got a lot of them it sucks, and it’s also painful for performance reason with lots of functions created and thrown away.” Essentially, notes Terlson, reiterating over the HTML Document Object Model (DOM), again and again, isn’t efficient.
“JavaScript is a single-threaded execution environment. If you want anything to happen as a result of asynchrony, you’ve got to do through callbacks or someone has to call you, because only there’s one thread of execution. If someone else has it, they’ve got to give it up and let you run. So from day one, JavaScript always had callbacks like setTimeout or like DOM events; all that happens by someone calling you back.
Async takes care of that, he explained. “It turns out that you can mechanically transform code that’s written in the regular sequential style into asynchronous code using CPS, Continuation Processing Style code rewrites. You can rewrite any program that uses synchronous function calls with returns and turn them into functions that take callbacks — and that’s what powers async. You get to write your code as if it is synchronous and then the compiler rewrites it into asynchronous callback-based code for you and turns your code into a state machine.”
“The big benefit is you get to write your code the way you always have. If you need an if statement, you write an if statement, if you need a for loop you write a for loop, and inside those you can say await and then have control return and then come back whenever the async work completes. People are very excited about that, because it makes your code look a lot cleaner and it’s a lot it’s easier to reason about your code.”
As Terlson notes, “For the most part you don’t have to worry about the fact that you’re calling an asynchronous API; you just await it and go about your day. If the promise is rejected you get an exception thrown by async, so you can write asynchronous code that looks like synchronous code and handle errors with normal synchronous imperative code.”
You still have refactoring to do. “When you make a function an async function, code that calls it gets a promise instead of a value, so you do need to change the calling code to async as well, and await the result.” But that’s far easier to do with async because the code itself is less complex. “You can even await non-promises. There are some APIs that return promises but sometimes if they know a value synchronously they just return it, so if you await the API result the right thing will happen.”
“Then Google V8 started implementing it and as we got more implementation experience, and people were convinced there were not problems for performance and so on, that helped.”
The whole thing takes mere seconds and repeats itself several times during the pope's Wednesday lap of honor before the general audience on St. Peter's Square starts. If there are any larger groups he can see -- Boy Scouts, for example, or wheelchair-users -- then Christ's representative on Earth briefly taps the Popemobile-driver on the shoulder to get him to stop.
To get a better idea of the place from which Francis is declaring war on the Vatican's ossified system, a good way to start is to ride the elevator up from San Damaso Square in the world's smallest country. Upstairs, in the second Loggia of the Apostolic Palace, the door opens to the pope's empire.
Members of the Swiss Guard bang their heels and stand watch here in the half-darkness. Visitors pass through arcade passages decorated with masterpieces by Renaissance master Raphael and his students, before entering the heart of Catholic power -- the Clementine Hall, where Polish Pope John Paul II lay in state. It is the hall which houses the sedan chair Pope John XXIII used to get around, and the death chamber of Leo XIII.
Almost 6 million faithful attended audiences in 2014. According to many observers, this says a lot for the pope -- Francis is breaking with tradition, and thus is undoing the fetters. He is letting outside experts reorganize the scandal-rocked Vatican Bank. He is having the reform of the Curia pushed through by cardinals who previously had little to do with the governing body. He encourages the church to talk about family, about marriage, about sexuality, and doesn't get tired of arguing for more compassion and solidarity for the poor and the marginalized, whether he's in Lampedusa or Copacabana.
And this pope is political. He takes positions, including uncomfortable ones. He doesn't dodge, he gets involved. Before negotiating rapprochement between Cuba and the United States, he held a four-hour prayer vigil for peace in Syria. He scandalized Turkey by describing the Armenian genocide as just that, and provoked Israel by acknowledging Palestine as an independent state.
Not surprisingly, critics within the church have begun quietly grumbling in the pontiff's third year, but it is becoming increasingly audible. There are various reasons why they feel uneasy about the man from Buenos Aires: His leadership style is supposedly too authoritarian, his self-marketing is too sophisticated, he doesn't know enough about matters of doctrine. Prominent German novelist Martin Mosebach even openly claims that this pope is making his mark "at the expense of the church." He argues that Francis "throws around snazzy sayings" and gets attention by fitting in with the zeitgeist, but that he cares little about tradition.
Francis celebrates mass down below, in the simple Santa Marta chapel where, in front of handpicked visitors, he gives the message of the day, which will later be passed on by the media. The Catholic Church, his sermons argue, needs to get closer to the people; a spiritual leader needs to be a shepherd living with the smell of the sheep, the pope is fond of saying.
Well, you've been teased and tortured with a plethora of images and even video but now OS 10.3.0.296 has leaked. At this point, some of the stuff we've seen teased is in the OS and some of it is not, you'll just have to go through it all to find out what's there and what's not. Also of note, it's not available for all devices but if you have a BlackBerry Z10 STL100-3 then you can go ahead and give it a go and I'm sure some autoloaders will get made for other devices eventually.
Games with roguelike elements have recently had a large jump in popularity. However, most players find these games hard to get into: they are usually exceedingly complex in UI and game rules. Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements aimed to revitalize the genre with stylized graphics and an intuitive gameplay scheme that teaches itself, rather than having to be taught.
Fans who pledge $25 or more will gain access to the closed beta. Being in the closed beta will allow you to play the game while it's in development. This also gives you the opportunity to help shape and give valuable feedback. Not only that, but you get to play with new content before everyone else!
Adam's life (undeath?) takes a sudden turn when he's reunited with his longtime off-and-on lover, Eve (Swinton), and her wild card sister, Ava (Mia Wasikowska), paying a visit. They implement various schemes necessary for survival in a world in which humans have managed to taint their own blood, a sad state of affairs that requires working with a shady doctor (Jeffrey Wright) to get the supply they need to hang out for another millennium or two.
God I will HATE this if this is EU only and us Americans get s*** again. But January is still a full week away so I have that long before I'll probably end up hating how many great games EU gets over US. http://backloggery.com/ryuvega NP- LoZ:ALBW, Borderlands 2, RaC:ItN
'I've seen Ryu on the MtG board so he's already cooler than most of you.' ~ XImperialDragon Considering games like Borderlands 2, SOTC and Ico and others were just released last month for free, which are widely considered amazing games, this statement has no merit. Go take your DmC hate somewhere else.God I will HATE this if this is EU only and us Americans get s*** again. But January is still a full week away so I have that long before I'll probably end up hating how many great games EU gets over US.
God I will HATE this if this is EU only and us Americans get s*** again. But January is still a full week away so I have that long before I'll probably end up hating how many great games EU gets over US.
It's frustrating: Miller goes down just as Meyer and Herman seemed to corral the right mixture of talent at receiver – the weak link in the offensive chain in each of the staff's first two seasons. Though Barrett might struggle getting this group involved, you have to like its overall makeup. Senior Devin Smith (44 receptions for 660 yards) leads the charge, taking on the mantle of go-to target, while Wilson seems more and more likely to spend the majority of his time in the slot. There'll always be a role for senior Evan Spencer (22 for 216), if only thanks to reliability. At tight end, OSU has a clear all-conference pick in senior Jeff Heuerman (26 for 466) and a solid backup in junior Nick Vannett. It's a bit more uncertain from there, though not for a lack of options: Georgia Tech transfer Jeff Greene or sophomore Michael Thomas could start at flanker, for example, giving OSU some major size, and the Buckeyes need to find a way to get speedy underclassmen such as James Clark and Johnnie Dixon involved in multiple-receiver sets. In total, this is the strongest receiver corps of Meyer's tenure.
Special teams: It's a simple, oft-repeated phrase that bears one more mention, since we may never get another opportunity: In kicking competitions, always bet on the option on scholarship. Take OSU, for instance, where true freshman Sean Nuernberger – he of the scholarship – should beat out senior Kyle Clinton to replace Drew Basil at kicker. Nuernberger would give the Buckeyes two young specialists, joining sophomore punter Cameron Johnson, who is already among the Big Ten's best at the position. If the true freshman delivers on field goals, OSU should have one of the league's top three units – though Maryland's return game is a bit more explosive.
Offensive line: It's all a little dicey, to be honest, but let's pay some respect to line coach Ed Warinner, who put together one of the program's finest groups in a decade-plus a season ago. He'll eventually get the line moving forward, it's safe to say, but I worry a touch about the unit's general cohesiveness heading into the opener. The anchor will be junior Taylor Decker, who makes the shift from right to left tackle as Jack Mewhort's replacement – and Mewhort was awesome as a senior. Beyond producing at an all-conference clip on the new quarterback's blind side, Decker needs to embrace the leadership mantle shared by three productive seniors a year ago.
Two other spots are settled, both on the strong side. Right guard belongs to Pat Elflein, an impressive third-year sophomore who fared well when given the opportunity a season ago. He'll line up alongside senior Darryl Baldwin, last year's understudy on the blind side; OSU is hopeful he'll be up to the task, even if Chase Farris and Kyle Dodson sit in reserve. That leaves a pair of very intriguing competitions, at center and left guard. It's not a bad situation in the middle: Jacoby Boren and Alabama transfer Chad Lindsay give OSU two nice options, with the potential for one to shift to guard in a pinch – though neither has the size to really excel away from center. But that's on the table, if only slightly, due to the Buckeyes' lack of proven production at left guard. Trust in Warinner and trust in the scheme, yeah, but OSU needs to get on the same page.
“That is highly troubling,” Cruz said. “When I heard those reports in January and February, I told them, ‘Give the administration some time to get their team in place to change policy. Because you can’t turn a battleship overnight.’ It’s now October.”
“Under the Obama administration, it got almost to the point where we were releasing everybody,” he said.
“It is something that upsets our agents because that sort of thing gets back to other countries,” he said. “People know that we’re still releasing people … We’re not carrying out the rhetoric the way I believe it was intended to.”
“It is important for Congress to get to work for more judges, more detention spaces, all of the things that expedite the process,” he said.
Nicolás González 06/04/1998 VfB Stuttgart Forward Coming from the club that produced the likes of Fernando Redondo and Diego Maradona, for Nicolás González to fetch Argentinos Juniors a club record transfer fee of €8.5 million when VfB Stuttgart swooped last summer suggests the 20-year-old is a genuine talent. Having joined Los Bichos at under-15 level, González worked his way up and was handed a senior debut by Gabriel Heinze in 2016, scoring the decisive goal against Gimnasia de Jujuy to seal promotion back to the top flight. Seven goals on that return to the Superliga proved to be a breakthrough for the forward and as Argentinos finished a comfortable twelfth. Since the sale of González, the Paternal club have struggled and the youngsters ability to stretch play and get behind has certainly been missed. Quick, alert in the penalty area and flexible enough to play across the frontline, González has all the attributes to make it in one of Europe’s top leagues. #argentina #football #futbol #soccer #footballplayer #footballteam #instagood #instapic #golazopic #golazo50 #footballfans
Kickstarter’s Hidden Data Before I get to the details I need to point out that Kickstarter does not make it easy to get a complete picture. Search results and project listings on Kickstarter are biased toward live and successful projects. Some projects will not turn up in Kickstarter search results at all – for example no combination of keywords will reveal this project. Further, liberal use of meta “no index” tags on the site tell honest webcrawlers (like Google) not to index their content. What does this mean? It means while I know about 58K of the 64K projects on Kickstarter, my results are biased to the positive. The net effect is I show 48% of projects are successful, while the true rate published by Kickstarter is 44%. The charts below are not exact, but can be used to get a general idea of what is a “best practice” for a Kickstarter project.
This is almost a perfect linear relationship – the more you ask for, the less likely you are to get it. Note on this chart I did my own amount grouping, as I wanted to see more detail in the lower goal tiers. Below 5,000 is grouped by 500, 5,000 – 10,000 by 1,000, 10K – 30K by 5K, etc. I played with a few other patterens, but the overall shape never changed. Bottom line, asking for more that $5,000 drops you below the baseline.
If you are planning to launch a project my advice is to consider the data above, but to then do your own reasearch. Find similar projects and get a feel for why some worked and others didn’t. Many aspects of a successful project cannot be queried easily from website data, so this is just one bit of information to consider and all of this is probably trumped by a good social media campaign promoting the project.
Senario 1: Arenado blasts one before Parra comes to the plate. Lets say this happens 30-45 times this season. Parra is told to get on base and steal another.
Scenario 2: Arenado gets intentionally walked. Parra is told to swing away, a ‘la Joaquin Phoenix in ‘Signs.’
He’s a lifetime .277 hitter and should get plenty of at bats with men on base.
Mr. Ells apologized for the outbreaks on NBC's "Today" show last week and said Chipotle is trying to make sure they don't happen again. "I'm sorry for the people who got sick. They are having a tough time, and I feel terrible about that," he said.
"Produce is the leading vehicle of single-source food-borne outbreaks in the U.S. Even if the contaminant was something else, like a spice, they still need to get it right with produce," said Michael Doyle, director of the Center for Food Safety at the University of Georgia.
It isn't clear which restaurants may be benefiting as Chipotle loses customers. A spokeswoman for restaurant-consulting firm Technomic Inc. said direct Chipotle competitors such as Qdoba or Moe's Southwest Grill may benefit, but upscale burger chains like Smashburger that offer fresh, made-to-order foods also tend to attract similar customers and may get a sales lift.
Though there is no evidence that Chipotle's multistate E. coli outbreak originated with a local supplier--and it likely didn't, given that people from Oregon to New York got sick--some smaller farmers Chipotle has long praised may be unable to keep supplying the chain if they can't implement the kind of sophisticated pathogen testing it now is requiring.
The real show starts when they get into their kooky beliefs about birth control.
If the Trump administration got its way, the US Agency for International Development (USAID) budget for family planning would be slashed, with “no other family planning programming for girls except fertility awareness methods.” Lapsed Catholics should remember the phrase “fertility awareness” from confirmation class; it’s just a scienced-up term for “the rhythm method,” a form of birth control that doesn’t work for one-quarter of couples who use it.
Title X funding, which helps poor women afford contraception, would be slashed in half if Team Trump gets its way. Money would be diverted from sex education that emphasizes “risk reduction” and instead flow toward “sexual risk avoidance,” which is another term for “abstinence-only education.” Abstinence-only education doesn’t work. A report published this year declared the practice both “ineffective and unethical.”
The idea is cribbed from an Upshot piece. We got a little crunched for time and weren’t as fancy about customizing feedback for incorrectly drawn lines. Still, I think the core idea of making people put their assumptions down and overlaying reality over them works and increases memorability/engagement.
Another look at the refugee admissions data, this time focusing on countries of origin over time. I was a little anxious when starting this project - we were trying to publish that day and setting up maps with d3 can be slow. To get going fast, I grabbed some code from a previous project and made a bubble chart.
Distorting geography to stop the bubbles from overlapping was too confusing with potentially unfamiliar locations: Iran starts out between Iraq and Bhutan, then moves south of Iraq. So we switched to overlapping circles on a map. With some last-second color assistance and some bug fixes, it got published on time.
Jeremy got a hold of some interesting data this afternoon and we threw together a map.
I started out thinking that I would follow the form of my previous crack at this problem. Since each team is only playing two games, you only get four groupings of points which ends up not being as interesting - all of the interesting action happens in -other- teams’ games. So I tried looking at the scenarios in a more structured way, shuffling the boxes to compare how the outcome of the game would change everyone’s standings. I felt like I was learning interesting things from the different arrangements, but it was hard to see which games had the biggest impact so I sorted each column individually instead of keeping each scenario in its own row. A little easier to read but loses some of the nice mathematical elegance of exploring a 6d hypercube.
I tried squeezing the graphic to fit other players in, but since the y-position was used to encode both season and points scored, it wasn’t possible to get very small. So I moved season to the x-position, distinguishing it from series with white space, which opened up a lot of vertical room for other players. This came at the cost of not being able to compare LeBron’s record at different rounds of the playoffs across seasons — he hasn’t lost a first-round game for 5 years! — which I tried to alleviate by highlighting the result of the last series played in a season.
After LeBron’s 11-point game gave me some extra time, I went back to the idea of trying to show each playoff game. Stacked bars eliminated the huge amount of vertical variation between games so players’ points were more perceivable. To distinguish series, I switched color from win/loss to playoff depth. This made me a little sad — you can’t trace your finger along and recall individual games like you could in the previous version — but it did a better job showing how players from different eras got their points. Finally, I used a small multiples layout instead of vertically sorting by time with a common x scale to fit more players in a smaller space.
One of my favorite things about writing code in response to the news cycle is getting to default on technical debt after publishing. This languished for so long that I started to worry it’d need a complete rewrite but thankfully it got out the door before then.
Without a ground source of truth to compare different feed parsing algorithms to, there wasn’t any way to definitively count actual train throughput. We weren’t sure how to proceed until The Albany Visualization and Informatics Lab pointed us to a paper the MTA published on parsing their feed. Their approach wasn’t perfect-sometimes a single trip would get split into two segments-but it was good enough to count the number of trains going through Grand Central each hour.
I started looking at the Global Precipitation Measurement Constellation which has data on rainfall around the world in 30-minute slices released on a 6-hour lag. After spending a few hours figuring out how to open up netCDF files, I realized the data wasn’t updated as regularly as I hoped. Coloring the data points by observation time showed the paths of satellites moving across the sky. Since not every point gets updated at the same time or on the same interval, calculating cumulative rainfall was trickier than just summing the hourly interval - too tricky to do on deadline.
We exported data from the hurricane rescue map and animated the messages to get a sense of where people needed help over time.
For the second time in a row, my dream of a line to scatter plot transition was thwarted. The falling dots were a little too joyful for charts about the Arctic melting away. I couldn’t totally get rid of them though; click the year button five times and scroll down.
While Bui’s piece provided a good overview of the tax bill, it still didn’t answer everyone’s biggest question: how will this affect my taxes? To get more data points with information about what people actually paid in taxes, Bui started talking to the IRS.
With a bandana on her head and a three-month-old baby at her feet, Azeb Brahana stands in the gardens of Catania’s train station and looks a little lost. The 25-year-old Eritrean left her country in 2012, aware, she says, that the life she wanted was not possible in a country with mandatory national service. To get here, she says, she worked for a year in Sudan and endured months in a Libyan jail, where the United Nations estimates thousands of refugees and migrants are being held in deplorable conditions. It was in prison that Brahana gave birth to her son, and it is because of him that she is determined to make it, finally, to a place of safety and stability. “Somewhere I can live with my baby, happy,” she says. Somehow, though, despite all that she has been through, that still feels like a very distant dream.
At an EU summit this week, the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi, is expected to raise the issue with other leaders, urging them to make a “significant investment” in the bloc’s border control agency, Frontex. Since October, in the aftermath of two disasters in which around 400 people died at sea, the Italian navy has been carrying out a €9m-a-month (£7.2m) operation in the Mediterranean aimed at intercepting rickety migrant boats before they get into trouble. Mare Nostrum (“Our Sea”) is credited by the Italian government and NGOs on the ground with having saved countless lives. But Rome is determined that it should not continue to shoulder the burden alone. On Tuesday, Renzi told parliament: “A Europe that tells the Calabrian fisherman that he must use a certain technique to catch tuna but then turns its back when there are dead bodies in the sea cannot call itself civilised.”
"It's work. Every time I go out to get the paper in the morning, I have to pick up after him," said Coleman, an artist. "Sometimes he brings things that are sort of expensive. I get a little worried about that."
“When you go into Justice DiMango’s courtroom, you get pleas that other judges might not consent to,” Mr. Archibald’s defense lawyer, Anthony N. Iannarelli Jr., said.
Brian Dozier went to the plate with a plan as he led off the Twins' 10-4 victory in Detroit between the Twins and the Tigers. The Twins are in the heat of the WIld Card race, so with every inning of the utmost importance, he decided to try to get them off on the right foot by surprising pitcher Matthew Boyd and his defense with a drag bunt.
It briefly popped in the air, but landed safely in front of third baseman Jeimer Candelario. Although it would have taken a good play to get Dozier, Candelario went for it. His throw went way off line, and Dozier was off to the races:
After this go to sbt console and type => ‘sbt run’ we will get expected output on console as well as on local file.
As November 8 approaches, much greater attention will be devoted to the Electoral College. Efforts to get Republican electors to abandon Trump will undoubtedly be met with great resistance and inflammatory rhetoric by his campaign. Trump's supporters are particularly ardent and prior to his earning a majority of the delegates, we can recall his own warning about riots in the streets if he did not win the Republican nomination
“I think he’s really good,” said Kyle Korver, arguably the game’s best shooter in setting the all-time record for consecutive games with three pointers last season. “He’s got the right temperament and mindset; he’s not going to get down when things don’t go his way, gets pulled out. Has the right head for that situation. He’s got great balance to his shot. He’s got great technique and form. He’s always on balance. To be a great, consistent shooter you have to be sound. His legs are sound under his shot. He’s got a form that can endure. I’ve been really impressed with his shooting. I knew he was a good shooter. I didn’t know he was as good a shooter as he’s shown.”
“He’s on a great team for him to fit in well,” said Korver. “There’s a real need for his skill set. He’s going to learn how to play defense. He’s going to have Jimmy taking the No. 1 (offensive) guy. He’ll get the second guy. There’s no two and three in Thibs’ offense. You’re the guy who’s coming off the doubles [screens]. Or you’re the guy who’s not coming off the doubles almost for the wing. He’s going to be the guy coming off the doubles and he’s going to be able to shoot that thing and put a lot of pressure on the defense. (The Bulls) have added a lot of pieces. He’s got a really good feel for the game. He got the ball a lot at Creighton, but it wasn’t like him getting the ball and holding it, making a one-on-one move. He learned to play without the ball and that’s so important in Thibs’ offense. You can’t have everybody be a drive-and-kick guy. You have to have shooting. You have to have the guy who shoots the ball after the drive and he’s going to be able to do that.”
Stacey’s got another guy!
“He’s really excited to be there,” said Korver. “He’s going to learn so much from Thibs. Early on in my career, I wish I would have had someone like Thibs to show me how to play really good team defense. That would have helped me a ton in my career. I feel like a lot of the success I’ve had the last couple of years is because of what I learned in Chicago. Being there with Thibs and learning how to play defense and being in an awesome, championship-caliber culture was really big for me. So Doug’s going to get that right now, like right at the very beginning, and it’s only going to do great things for his career. He takes the game very serious. He plays with a chip on his shoulder. He plays with an edge. He wants to be really good and he’s going to work for it. He doesn’t just want it; he wants to work for it. He dealt with every kind of defense. He’s been prepared for the NBA in so many ways, just in how he was guarded all the time, the pressure that was on him in Omaha, at Creighton. He’s a younger guy, but emotionally, he’s very mature.
“He hasn’t been intimidated,” Collins added. “That’s the first step. When you are a rookie and get around very good players who have the names: Are you knocked back by the environment? But he’s played with confidence. For him, this is unique. You’re playing against a team with Kevin Durant, Paul George and Anthony Davis together, that length. He’s learning the window to get your shot off is much quicker. How he can get open and what he can do. As the week has gone on he’s gotten better and better. I’m excited to watch him being in Chicago myself. I think he’s the perfect complement to the star pieces they put together.
“He can really come off screens,” Collins added. “He knows how to play off the ball. He’ll be a great spacer. He’s an underrated defender. He knows concepts. He’s more of a three. He doesn’t miss. If he gets his feet set, he doesn’t miss. His stroke is lights out. The NBA three is no problem for him.”
When it’s recognised, this double prejudice often paves the way for a saviour complex to kick in. The problems these women face are reduced to simple stories where wider society is somehow blameless: women of colour need to be saved from “oppressive” cultures or “barbaric” men. This is a ludicrous leap to make when we all know men of any colour are capable of abusing women; ‘race’ and ethnicity have nothing to do with it. Institutional sexism and racism don’t get a mentioned.
Extrinsic types are useful because you can apply multiple type systems to your code–or even write something that you don’t know how to prove is sound. There are more benefits on both sides, but you get the idea.
To be honest, this isn't a surprise. Once Kirk Herbstreit (still a very influential figure in Columbus, make no mistake) got involved publicly, it was always going to be difficult to see The Torg find a way back from his suspension. Not to mention there must have been some pressure from above for the ESPN Radio affiliate in Columbus to disassociate themselves with Torgerson after he jokingly wished firing or death upon Desmond Howard.
For Paletz all of this is new (“I’m from California — we get earthquakes not floods,” he explained). But Houston has been through this before.
Coming into Day 2 of the largest (466 players) Pro Tour field of all time, the field has proved to be a mix of the expected and a plethora of attempts to get ahead of the metagame with cards previously thought to be nearly unplayable in constructed Magic.
Both players come into the round at 10-3, needing to win to stay live for Top 8. Oliver takes Game 1 by repeatedly bashing in with 10/10s artifact creatures. In Game 2, he manages to get three copies of his signature beatstick into play and Dagen is forced to lean heavily on Niblis of Frost activations to hold off the metallic offensive. One stunning turn later however, Dagen pushes the match into a tie-breaker, by eeking through eleven damage between prowess triggers on both Niblis of Frost and the activation of a Dynavolt Tower.
In Game 3, a Confiscation Coup from Oliver is met by Void Shatter, but it is countered by Ceremonious Rejection and Oliver manages to steal a Dynavolt Tower, leaving another on Dagen’s side of the board. Oliver is then able to get a Metalwork Colossus into play on the back of the extra non-creature artifact now in play on his side.
Dagen however, has a super-powered Harnessed Lightning to take down the first Colossus, with Oliver quickly following up with another from his yard. LSV calls out Niblis of Frost as doing amazing work out of the board, especially when opponents take out their removal. Indeed, Dagen uses the Niblis to hold back the remaining Colossus, gets a Torrential Gearhulk down and starts rolling a train of instants and energy generation to take control of the game. Dagen takes the match and stays live with his innovative UR Dynavolt Tower deck.
Game 3 is a clinic, as the control deck uses life totals and Weaver of Lightning triggers very well, even managing to fire off a Jace ultimate! A late Chandra, Torch of Defiance just isn’t enough and Duke picks up his fourth loss. Will we get to see Chandra be good on camera as these rounds progress?
Game 1 Carlos gets off a two target Quarantine Field on Kalitas and Mindwrack Demon to empty the board. This opens up a sequence a few turns later where Carlos finds himself with a pair of Torrential Gearhulks in play, and the onslaught is too much for Hill to deflect. Romao is now a game away from making Top 8 of the Pro Tour only a week after winning his 2nd GP of the season. Impressive!
In Game 2, Romao gets a Dovin Baan out onto an empty board, but it gets answered quickly by Hissing Quagmire. Hill then answers with Liliana, the Last Hope, only to have it countered. Another Liliana is answered just as quickly by a Torrential Gearhulk into Harness Lightning. A late Quarantine Field later takes out three threats on Hill’s side, and the board opens up for aggression by the Jeskai player and Romao pulls another control deck into the Top 8.
When making an investment in anything—hunting gear, a new skiff, one of Ted Juracsik’s famed fly reels—it’s a great idea to commit to regular maintenance and upkeep. Clothes are no different. And, with the rainy months nearly behind us, now is the time to send that well-worn Barbour jacket out for a little TLC. The worst thing that can happen to a Barbour jacket is for it to dry out. Since it can’t be washed, the exterior cotton fabric is dependent upon wax to help keep its sturdiness and weather-fighting characteristics in tact. Bottom line: If it dries out, it rips, and if it rips, you’ve got a much bigger repair bill on your hands.
Two weeks later, the jacket, noticeably heavier with a new coat of wax, was back in Georgia at my front door. As the wax slowly wears away, the jacket gets lighter. That distinctive aged Barbour ‘smell’ is gone, too. It doesn’t smell like flowers, mind, but it doesn’t smell anything like a wet dog anymore. Much more crowd-friendly. And the color is a much richer green. To be honest, I think it looks better now than it did off the rack.
And the words of the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him): “Do not get angry.”
In all seriousness, what we're seeing from this arc of Wonder Woman is a good thing. Conflict between the varying pantheons is a rich vein to mine in superhero comics - it lets the creators examine the mythological underpinnings of the characters and build a deep world around our heroes, tapping into some of what makes them so cool to follow. This is the kind of conflict that made Greg Pak and Fred Van Lente's Incredible Hercules such a lovely surprise when it came out, and part of what makes Diana so interesting in her best stories. And a re-aged Darkseid fighting Zeus, thanks to Pagulayan and Segovia, looks great. So of course we were excited to get our hands on an exclusive first look at Wonder Woman #37.
"We’re not stopping at seven. We've got a nice schedule ahead of us," Rondo said. "(If) we take care of what we need to take care of, we can move up even more. I think other teams have a tougher schedule than us, but it's one game at a time."
Mikey Musumeci was an ascending name in Jiu Jitsu long before he got his black belt. Known for having a complex and innovative guard game, Mikey was a multiple time world champion at the lower belts. However, as we’ve seen in the past, this does not always translate to black belt level competition. In Musumeci’s case, his talent has transitioned almost seamlessly to black belt.
There was no immediate concern for the rafters' safety. They were being monitored by a police officer who got aboard a person's boat, he said.
A little later than expected but mistakes happen. It was a nice surprise to receive so much stuff form Canada. I'm in the UK so don't get these things.
Knowledge@Wharton: We’re joined today by Dan Miller, co-founder and president of Fundrise, a crowdsourcing company in the real estate sector. This is a fairly new idea. Tell us how it works and how you got involved?
Knowledge@Wharton: You have people, you put a project on your website and you say, “We want to buy and develop this building, would you like to invest?” And you can invest any amount you want? You get investors up to $1 million? What is the average?
Knowledge@Wharton: And the investor, what is it that they get out of it? What kind of return? Why would they want to do that rather than some other kind of deal?
Miller: That’s where we begin. With institutional investors, they’ll rarely write a check of less than $10 million of equity, and that’s not because the deal doesn’t make sense if it’s smaller. It’s because they have a multibillion dollar fund. They can put it out in so many increments. If they have a lot of $1 million investments, they won’t be able to manage it. And so it creates this artificial barrier where the small enterprise, the mid-sized real estate operator, who’s established, who has a real track record, if they bring a deal that’s $15 million to $20 million of value, it’s very hard for them to get that financed. We plug [in] what technology tends to be efficient in the mid-market space for real estate operators, and provide them capital to deals that are often ignored by institutional investors.
Miller: And that’s the real value that we’re able to deliver: cheaper capital to the real estate operator and better investments to the real estate investors. Ultimately, if that’s not the value proposition, then there is no business here. And our comparison is often to a private equity fund. We charge 0.5% per year to the investor for asset management and to service the investments. A private equity fund only charges a 2% a year management fee and 20% of the upside over a preferred return. We kind of use a mock sample deal, a three-year investment, 12% annual return. We charge 1.5% over those three years. A typical private equity fund will charge 8.4% over those three years. So there’s really a huge spread that then gets split between the real estate company and the investor.
What we’ve seen is, with the decentralized model, it can operate much more efficiently at much cheaper cost. It doesn’t have all the centralized infrastructure that big [bank] branches have with big offices and corporate overhead. I think as you see crowdfunding get larger, and the sums of capital are bigger, I think you’re going to see it challenge the existing banking infrastructure, which is very centralized with a lot of overhead and additional costs.
“As you see crowdfunding get larger, and the sums of capital be bigger … you’re going to see it challenge the existing banking infrastructure, which is very centralized with a lot of overhead and additional costs.”
Initially, MATE 1.8 was supposed to be based on GTK3, but this was pushed back to MATE 1.10 "because there is still a good deal of work to be done to get it really stable". GTK3 applications still integrate nicely with MATE, just like in the previous 1.6 version, however MATE 1.8 continues to be based on GTK2.
For those not familiar with MATE, this is a GNOME2 fork which lets you use the old GNOME 2 desktop interface and applications but it also allows you to use new applications so for instance, you can use Nautilus 3 with it and so on. Also, MATE can be installed in parallel with GNOME 3, something that wasn't possible with the vanilla GNOME 2. "because there is still a good deal of work to be done to get it really stable". GTK3 applications still integrate nicely with MATE, just like in the previous 1.6 version, however MATE 1.8 continues to be based on GTK2.
And let’s get cooking:
Wallach describes fast track as, "a procedure that basically gives Congress's authority over trade to the president. Congress ends up handcuffed, and an agreement gets negotiated, signed before the Congress ever approves it, and then the president gets to write legislation. It's not subject to committee amendment, and it gets a guaranteed 90-day vote with no amendments."
As if that wasn't scary enough, Wallach continues, "unlike most of our international agreements, the TPP has two strong enforcement mechanisms. First, if the U.S., for instance, were to continue to buy American and give that preference to our domestic economy, or, for that matter, states with Buy Local or communities with Buy Local school food, all of those things would be a violation of that agreement. Then, what happens is, any other country can drag the U.S. into a TPP tribunal, and if we don't get rid of the law, the U.S. would face perpetual trade sanctions, fines. This is actually enforceable international corporate law. The TPP provisions on investment would make some of the TPP constraints on policy actually enforceable by private individual companies, when an individual company could privately enforce a public treaty by insisting the U.S. government compensate the private investor or company out of our taxpayer dollars for any violation of the agreement that undermines their expected future profits." If you thought that bailing out bankers with taxpayers money was bad, TPP is a whole lot worse.
You can listen to the whole interview with Lori Wallach here. For once, Americans on both sides of the aisle have something to agree on... TPP is bad for citizens, bad for the environment, bad for local initiatives, bad for public health, and bad for our future. Why else would they be trying to negotiate this deal in secret? Now is our moment to act. This will only get worse if you decide to look the other way. Take responsibility for your freedom as an American voter, and call your representatives now!
Banned: It is now illegal for Master Gardeners to recommend that gardeners use beer and baking soda to get rid of garden pests. ( Sonia Day / Toronto Star )
Will baking soda and water control black spot on roses? Does neem oil get rid of the dreaded lily beetle on Asiatic lilies? Can dishes of beer attract slugs away from plants?
If the answer’s yes, then I say: bollocks. This government ruling (which appears to have its origins in the Ontario Pesticide Act) is just another example of bureaucracy gone mad. Many of these so-called “home remedies” (the sniffy term the Ministry of the Environment uses to describe simple gardening tips) have been been around for years. They were used by our grandparents. And they work. If — as the edict implies — there is something terribly dangerous about resorting to these measures in our gardens now, let’s hear what they are. Before taking this Draconian directive seriously, I want proof that they have actually caused harm to someone or something. The powers-that-be who dreamed up this absurd law should be aware, too, that Master Gardeners are thoughtful, intelligent, well-informed folks, who undergo extensive training before assuming their role of educating the public about gardening. To become an MG, you must first slog through two years of intensive horticulture correspondence courses from the University of Guelph (I know. I did it 20 years ago) then agree to keep learning more at monthly meetings. We acquire a wealth of useful knowledge — which we’re happy to pass on to others for free. (MGs are all volunteers). We are not a bunch of brainless ninnies who advocate taking damaging or dangerous steps to get rid of pests and diseases in the garden. Denying people access to what we know is ludicrous. Especially nowadays, when there’s a real thirst for information about practical alternatives to conventional pesticides. Must we — sigh — become fearful of absolutely everything in our lives? If you agree, please send a protest to minister.moe@ontario.ca And while you’re at it, a copy Toronto Master Gardeners (toronto.mg@hotmail.com ) who — distressingly — seem content to seal their lips about the benefits of baking soda and whatnot — and simply bow to what the government wants. As for me, wanna know a “home remedy” for earwigs? Whoops. Can’t tell you. I see the pesticide police arriving . . . Read more The Real Dirt from Sonia Day END www.soniaday.com
“And so you just get a lot of people who want to be close to that story,” he said. “Because he was so strong. And he was a symbol.”
Michael Lumpkin, who joined the State Department after serving as DoD's special-ops leader, believes he’s got a model for future efforts to counter extremism online in real time.
“I’m raiding, or poaching, industry for talent,” he says, by which he means social media companies in Silicon Valley. “We have a talented force already within the GEC, but we’re augmenting it with folks from the private sector who have got significant experience, whether it be with analytics that underpins what we’re doing, whether it’s with the reach, influencing vulnerable populations so that they don’t’ go down this path of radicalization and don’t become violent. So we’re able to leverage people that have significant marketing expertise or who have expertise in building partnership, we’re able to bring them in directly, which is a powerful, powerful tool.”
Image Credit: US Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger uses the telephone in Deputy National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft’s office to get the latest information on the situation in South Vietnam, 29/04/1975. White House Photographic Office. (NARA)
Now it's time to get FOs 29th ranked offense into gear and make a playoff push.
The researchers got onto J1649+2635 by following up information compiled on the Galaxy Zoo website, which allows anyone to look at images of galaxies and sort them into categories.
A few weeks ago, I wrote an article talking about several smart garage door openers. In it, I ended up picking the Linear GoControl as my favorite. One of the smart openers that I didn’t really get into, though, was the Garadget.
A few days ago, I got a message on DadInASmartHome’s Facebook page asking me to review it. I’m always open for review requests, so I started checking it out. Then I noticed that the person who messaged me was none other than the founder himself, Denis Grisak.
After talking with Denis for quite a while, it was evident that he was someone that stood behind his product. He had designed Garadget on his own to meet the same need that I had when I first got into smart homes: wanting to know whether or not I closed the damn garage door before I left.
I then started looking at the technical specs of Garadget. Once connected through the app, the device talks over WiFi. Instead of having to run a door sensor like other garage door openers use, Garadget uses a laser pointed at your garage door to determine if it’s open or not. While integration with SmartThings isn’t as simple as some other devices, it is possible to get it integrated (we’ll step through this shortly). IFTTT works well and Amazon Echo support is coming soon. For the latest list of devices they support, check out this page on their website.
To power the device, you simply plug it into an outlet using the supplied plug and USB cord. Setup does get a little tricky, in that it requires you to wire it directly into your garage door opener. This is going to be the case with almost every smart garage door opener you purchase that isn’t already part of your dumb garage door opener (we’ll step through this too, shortly).
I’ve mentioned it before that my initial reasoning for wanting a smart home was so I could automate my garage door. I’m not sure why it took me so long to get to this point, but I’m excited to finally start this chapter of my smart home adventure.
Let’s look at what you get in the box.
The packaging is very clean. Along with the hardware, you also get a letter from Denis talking about the Garadget.
I’ll be going through the Android app. You’ll also want to make sure that your Garadget is plugged in at this point. There’s no need to have it in your garage since we’re just going to get it linked to the app. Keep it alongside you for now.
I did have some minor issues with the Android app. I wasn’t the biggest fan of the interface when trying to change the settings of the device. Every time I tried to change the name, it would show a loading circle and move my cursor over. It also seemed like the app would sometimes get out of sync with the actual device. Fortunately for us, there is a beta build of the Android app on the forums that I’ve heard solves a lot of quirks.
Note: If you have a Security+ 2.0 opener, follow this guide to get your Garadget set up.
Once I had this set up, I wanted to go to the next step and get it integrated with my SmartThings hub. I’ve said it over and over again that I don’t want to have to use a whole bunch of different apps if I don’t have to. I was very excited to hear that Garadget does have SmartThings support, even if it means having to do a little extra work to get it set up.
Follow this guide to get the device imported into your SmartThings account. I didn’t take screenshots along the way, but here it is step-by-step.
So if this thing goes as well as I’m expecting it to go, what’s next for me is to buy a 2nd one and get it installed on my other garage door. Having the ability to remotely operate these doors and check on them while I’m away is awesome. I also really enjoy and appreciate the open source nature of this device. When companies close-source their products, you are at their whim when it comes to updates. Have you ever wondered what would happen if Samsung decided to close up shop? Your SmartThings hub will no longer be as helpful to you. By opening up both the hardware and software to his device, Denis has ensured that his product can live on for a long time.
Thomas Hughes (author of Tom Brown's Schooldays) was asked to comment on the game as played when he attended the school (1834–1842). He is quoted as saying "In my first year, 1834, running with the ball to get a try by touching down within goal was not absolutely forbidden, but a jury of Rugby boys of that day would almost certainly have found a verdict of 'justifiable homicide' if a boy had been killed in running in."
With Congress out, potentially until 2013, he might not see some of those faces until he gets to the House floor to be officially voted in as speaker.
“The weather has changed, and we have changed it: get used to it. Those with more open minds are asking, ‘Is this the new normal?’ Unfortunately, the answer is ‘No’ – ‘normal weather’, unchanged over generations apart from random fluctuations, is a thing of the past.”
Please note we are not responsible for any damage caused to your device, in trouble in get into, etc. Do it at your own risk. It hasn't been fully tested, so you may run into some issues. Let us know in the comments if you have issues and we'll try to help.
The third leg of the GOP’s pro-Israel array that Trump is eviscerating are the Jews. Although Sheldon Adelson’s ongoing silence has caused some people to suspect he will end up supporting Trump, other big time Jewish donors, including hedge fund billionaire Paul Singer, have placed their money on his currently losing rivals. And the Republican hope that 2016 will finally see the long awaited migration of Jews disappointed by Obama to the GOP is dashed once again. Trump hardly stands a chance of garnering 30% of the Jewish vote, as Romney did in 2012, never mind the 40% that Rubio might reasonably be expected to receive. He’s more likely to revert the GOP’s Jewish vote in the direction of the 11% that George Bush Sr. got in 1992, or the 10% that Barry Goldwater received in 1964.
But most people, possibly in Israel and definitely around the world, will prudently pray for the GOP to get rid of Trump, and failing that, for Clinton or Bernie Sanders to defeat him in November. At the same time, they would do well to undo Netanyahu’s frivolous decision to put all of Israel’s eggs in the GOP basket, which is unraveling in front of our very eyes.
Assertions and contracts get comparatively little attention in the Ruby world. I’m not sure why that is. Some might say that pervasive unit-testing has rendered contract-checking redundant or less important than it is in less test-infected programming communities. Or even that TDD and assertions represent opposing philosophies of how to address correctness in software. I disagree; I think that the two techniques are complementary.
Assert at module boundaries. Don’t pepper every internal method with assertions. Instead, use them as gatekeepers between modules. Especially use them where your code interacts with a third-party API to document and validate your beliefs about how that API works. This can greatly help your learning process as you get the hang of an unfamiliar library, as well as alerting you to changes introduced by new versions of the third-party code.
3:34 p.m.: An interior designer who works for a Westchester developer that builds apartment complexes stopped by to get inspiration for her work, in particular, how to encourage her superiors to include modern updates within more traditional unit designs. Taking videos with her phone, she notes that she likes the garage door-style kitchen cabinets for space-saving. "My kitchen is smaller than this kitchen," she says. "But I don't know if I could live here."
4:49 p.m.: A Brooklyn landlord stops by the unit and chats a bit with us and another visitor about what type of renter the apartment might appeal to. The consensus: a late-20s – mid-30s corporate professional making six figures "with an image to maintain." Our landlord knows some people who would kill to get into this place if they could pay under $2,000/month.
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
"We've got a big problem," said Kelly, co-chair of the Senate Finance Committee.
Senate President Kevin Meyer, R-Anchorage, said that when word of the Senate Finance Committee's cuts yesterday got out, the public comments shifted from advocating for budget cuts to complaining about budget cuts.
"It wants to keep those benefits and also get handouts from the government," he says.
“Looking back at the pictures now she looks visibly distraught in both pictures in my opinion,” he said. “She’s in the middle of an unfolding horrific scene... I think her expression to me says that she’s horrified by what she’s seen and she just needs to get out of the situation.
He told the ABC it was “impossible to know” what was going through the woman’s mind. “The look on the woman’s face, she’s horrified, she’s in the middle of a traumatic situation. She probably just wanted to get off the bridge.
As well as giving him a chance to sing, Emigrate is also an opportunity for Kruspe to work with new people, and in new ways. “I felt something was missing in my world, and Emigrate got created out of that longing or frustration,” he says. “I always felt that Emigrate should be an open door, for people to come in and go out as they like to collaborate, which is totally the opposite of the Rammstein world which is really controlled and closed in a way.” For the new album there is no better example of this collaborative approach than the decision to bring in a host of guest singers. Marilyn Manson, Frank Delle, Jonathan Davis, Peaches and Lemmy all contribute. “In the beginning I was a little bit nervous about it, as a producer I had to step away from the project and make a record that has these people, but still sounds like an Emigrate record. That was not an easy task, but somehow we managed it. For me it was important to really bring the artists into the Emigrate world.”
For Kruspe, the track ‘Rock City’ with Lemmy was a perfect example of this approach paying off. The track started as an acoustic demo track that changed direction totally once the band started jamming on it in the rehearsal studios. As the track took shape as a fast paced rock number the decision was made to approach Lemmy about a possible lead vocal. “There are certain moments I’ll never forget,” says Kruspe. “I had heard he was really sick and I thought forget it. Then a couple of days later I got an email with no explanation, no comment, just his voice on the track and I was just like a little child jumping up and down on the bed, feeling like the best thing ever has just come together. You can hear if you really listen closely his voice is a little weak and shaky and that really fits the song. I wrote this huge email thanking him and saying what an honour it was to work with him and he just came back to me with “Alright”, that was it!” he laughs.
The eleven tracks that make up Silent So Long were selected from a pool of 21 completed and mixed tracks. Kruspe sees all of the tracks as being worthy of release, and in fact is already planning to use some or all of the remaining tracks as the basis for a third album. In deciding which tracks to select for this release he was strongly influenced by his background and love of music on vinyl. “I come from the world of vinyl, so for all my childhood I was listening to new records four, five, six times over,“ he explains. “I needed to go through it until I got it, not jump from track to track. So for me, the idea of selecting for a record is still in the idea of vinyl and a track list that works together. I know that now people just listen to one song, but that’s not how I work. People should have to listen to the whole record, to understand it. That’s how I chose the tracks. I wanted to capture a mood.”
The pacing and diversity across the tracks is one of the strengths of Silent So Long. From the punching rock of the opening track ‘Eat You Alive’ to the brooding title track, Kruspe covers plenty of ground. At the mid point of the album is the song ‘Rainbow’, written about his daughter. “This song was the hardest to get the lyrics done,” he says. “I really had problems with it until the last minute. I could not get the lyrics right, there was just something missing. Then one day, and this is such a cliché, but my daughter was there in the studio and I did it first take and it worked!”
For Kruspe, Emigrate is an outlet for his own passion, made possible because he is already a part of a successful band. He’s more than aware of the current industry difficulties, summed up recently by Gene Simmons’ controversial ‘Rock is dead’ comment. But he has his own views on where things currently stand and a still-positive outlook on where things might go from here. “I don’t think Rock will ever be dead because it’s a life statement for a lot of people, “ he declares. “But what I do realise is that the quality of records is very poor. I understand why, there’s no time, there’s no money, everything becomes a promotion tool. I said it a few years ago, people only f*ck themselves by stealing music. But I think also there is another movement coming, streaming will maybe save something. People are spending money on music at the moment, but it just has to go in the right direction. We need to go through that generation that wants to own music to the next generation that says ‘I don’t care, I just want to have it’. Then we’ll have another way of paying the artist, for people to get money again to invest in music. I wouldn’t say Rock’s dead, it’s just going through a really poor quality stage!” he jokes.
"I thought to myself, Oh, I'm tremendously fucked, so I'm just going to try really hard on improving at this job so I can transfer and get a pay increase," she said, "but then I was told that wouldn't happen for at least a year." Talia Jane
.@jeremys I didnt major in business or finance & I didnt take this job to get rich. I just cant turn my heater on & I'm tired of being cold.
The post, which has been shared across the tech world on Twitter and been viewed more than 85,000 people, goes into detail about Jane's struggles making ends meet. Here are some excerpts: So here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn't involve crying in the bathtub every week. Every single one of my coworkers is struggling. They're taking side jobs, they're living at home. One of them started a GoFundMe because she couldn't pay her rent. She ended up leaving the company and moving east, somewhere the minimum wage could double as a living wage. Another wrote on those neat whiteboards we've got on every floor begging for help because he was bound to be homeless in two weeks. Fortunately, someone helped him out. At least, I think they did. I actually haven't seen him in the past few months. Do you think he's okay? Another guy who got hired, and ultimately let go, was undoubtedly homeless. He brought a big bag with him and stocked up on all those snacks you make sure are on every floor... By and large, our floor pummels through those snacks the fastest and has to roam other floors to find something to eat. Is it because we're gluttons? Maybe. If you starve a pack of wolves and toss them a single steak, will they rip each other to shreds fighting over it? Definitely.
I haven't bought groceries since I started this job. Not because I'm lazy, but because I got this ten pound bag of rice before I moved here and my meals at home (including the one I'm having as I write this) consist, by and large, of that. Because I can't afford to buy groceries. Bread is a luxury to me, even though you've got a whole fridge full of it on the 8th floor. But we're not allowed to take any of that home because it's for at-work eating. Of which I do a lot. Because 80 percent of my income goes to paying my rent. Isn't that ironic? Your employee for your food delivery app that you spent $300 million to buy can't afford to buy food. That's gotta be a little ironic, right?
Let's talk about those benefits, though. They're great. I've got vision, dental, the normal health insurance stuff — and as far as I can tell, I don't have to pay for any of it! Except the copays. $20 to see a doctor or get an eye exam or see a therapist or get medication. Twenty bucks each is pretty neat, if spending twenty dollars didn't determine whether or not you could afford to get to work the next week.
"I wanted [Stoppelman] to understand that I wasn't some little, annoying fly buzzing around his head," she told BuzzFeed News. "I wanted him to understand that I'm not some obnoxious idiot who thinks it's funny to harass the CEO on Twitter. I'm someone who has concerns and is reaching out, hoping that he can do something. "I was sitting there and thinking, I hope he sees this and I hope my CEO listens and hears me, and then it started to dawn on me: I wonder if I'll get fired for saying this out loud?" After publishing the post at 3 p.m. on Friday, her company email account stopped working two hours later, she said. "My manager and HR told me the letter and what I wrote violated Yelp's terms of conduct," she said.
Atcher added that the announcement last week from Prime Minister Stephen Harper that Canada will get out of the medical isotope business when the 52-year-old NRU reactor finally is mothballed (likely by 2016), helps nuclear medicine organizers to plan for the future.
Note to Ovi Store Customers: If you installed Firefox 1.0.x from the Ovi Store, you will not be able to upgrade to Firefox 1.1 RC 1 (either from the N900 Application Manager or by downloading the software from Mozilla). We are working to solve this for future releases so that anyone can participate in our Beta programs. Don’t worry, though, if you got Firefox 1.0.x from either the Ovi store or directly from Mozilla, you will be updated to Firefox 1.1 (final) when it is released.
“For us, we have to accelerate our process here because we have a very important game in about 26 days,” said Red Bulls Head Coach Jesse Marsch. “The emphasis was to come down here and play MLS competition immediately. I think, overall, a really good performance from us. We were very organized. We’re missing a bunch of guys, but we’ve got a really good club here, and a bunch of good, young players that we really like and think have bright futures…. On a night like tonight I think you saw a lot of them have good nights and [they] fit into the way we play so, overall, thought it was pretty good.”
New York got on the board with an own goal in the 3rd minute when a Kemar Lawrence cross deflected off of a Timbers player and into the net.
An aging ex-con who deliberately got caught robbing a bank so he could go back to prison should have his wish fulfilled, federal prosecutors say.
No one ever warned me that the old Testament is forever talking about creepy things like incest and murder and foreskin. And everybody is raping everybody. And they’re stealing everybody’s wives and their cattle and their inheritance and junk. By the time you get to Leviticus, you might be horrified disgusted appalled alarmed by the constant spilling of blood and semen, and the all too regular seduction of men by their daughters, and sons who fool around with their step-Moms, and by all kinds of whoring and concubining, and family betrayal, and the killing of babies, and other completely messed up stuff that you just weren’t expecting. And you might be inclined to close the Bible and push it across the table wishing you could unread some of it, because you feel like, “Seriously, God?! What was that about?!”
For me, understanding the Bible is a process. I had to learn to give it time to sink in. I had to soak it up. I had to wrestle with it for a long while before any of it made any sense at all. But I find that the more time I spend with it, the more of it I am able to take on. I don’t always get it. I still close it sometimes to push it across the table and scratch my head in confusion. But, for me, one thing is certain; Having a Savior isn’t just an idea that I carry in my head anymore, it has become a Truth which has penetrated my very flesh and bone, it beats in time with my heart, whispers in my breath, and stirs my soul…
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
*** Shake it up: By selecting Paul Ryan as his running mate on Saturday, Mitt Romney did something that Walter Mondale, Bob Dole, Al Gore, and John McCain did in previous presidential contests: They used their VP pick to try to shake things up. Trailing in the summer, they chose a running mate -- be it Geraldine Ferraro, Jack Kemp, Joe Lieberman, or Sarah Palin -- to change the fundamentals of the race. These picks all worked in the short run, but only once (with Lieberman) did it serve its purpose for the rest of the campaign. (Gore, after all, was able to battle back to where he actually won the popular vote.) So how will this play out for Romney? By picking Ryan, he made the calculation that he needed to pick someone to help redefine himself, first and foremost. The move also serves to fire up conservatives, give the GOP ticket a jolt of youthful energy, and make the case he now stands for something big. But it also wasn’t the kind of VP selection we saw from George W. Bush in 2000 or Barack Obama in 2008 that essentially said: “I’ve got this thing.” Instead, by picking Ryan, Romney said: “I need some help.”
*** Big crowd turns out for the GOP ticket in Wisconsin: And help is what he got last night. Per NBC’s Garrett Haake and Alex Moe, the largest campaign crowd of the season greeted Romney and his new running mate on Sunday in Waukesha, WI. “The energy generated by Ryan seemed to inspire the man at the top of ticket, who took on a heckler midway through his own remarks, then turned the moment into an indictment of President Obama's campaign, whose tactics have riled Romney in recent weeks.” In the first 48 hours after the Ryan pick, Romney looked like he’s enjoying being a candidate again. But after just two days of campaigning together -- during the final days of the Olympics (including yesterday’s USA vs. Spain basketball gold-medal basketball game) -- Romney and Ryan are now going their separate ways, and they possibly might not campaign together until the GOP convention. Romney today stumps in Florida, while Ryan heads to Iowa, where Obama also begins a three-day bus tour.
*** The battle over Medicare: And here’s a third question we have: Just how is the Medicare debate going to play out? One of Romney’s demographic strengths is with seniors, and three of the oldest populations in the country happen to be in these battleground states: Florida, Iowa, and Pennsylvania. But Romney -- already at a disadvantage with other demographic groups like women and Latinos -- can’t have seniors turn into a jump ball in November. So far, Romney and Republicans will counter that Obama’s health-care law is the bigger threat to seniors and Medicare. "There's only one president that I know of in history that robbed Medicare, $716 billion to pay for a new risky program of his own that we call Obamacare," Romney told “60 Minutes” yesterday. "What Paul Ryan and I have talked about is saving Medicare, is providing people greater choice in Medicare, making sure it's there for current seniors. But here is the challenge for the Republicans: Romney and Ryan are talking about FUNDAMENTALLY changing Medicare whereby future seniors will receive vouchers/premium support for LESS than they currently get under Medicare. What Obama did under the health care law was reduce the rate of growth in non-essential services (like Medicare Advantage), as well as increase premiums for higher-income recipients. That doesn't affect the Medicare benefits that current/future seniors receive.
*** The battle over Florida: In fact, Romney today campaigns in Florida. And he’s being greeted by headlines like this one from the Miami Herald: “Ryan could be a drag on Romney in Florida.” It is possible for Romney to get to 270 electoral votes without Florida -- but it’s extremely unlikely. If Obama were to win Florida, Romney would need to win CO, IA, NV, NH, NC VA, and WI. In other words, he’d have to run the table. By the way, we can report that according to a Romney-Ryan campaign source, Ryan will make his first visit to Florida next weekend.
Mixed Media: When you get a tattoo, the artist rarely inks their first draft on your skin. The artist will draw it out on paper, then turn it into a purple transfer to trace out with the needles. The question for researchers is whether an algorithm can reverse engineer this process; rather than matching tattoos to tattoos, can they match a tattoo to an image in another medium.
In some remarkable detective work, Ottawa police investigating the Jan. 29, 2014, slaying of Jagtar Gill surreptitiously got a DNA sample from her husband’s mistress, Gurpreet Ronald, in an elaborate ruse that had the murder suspect filling out a contest entry form and licking its envelope with the hopes of winning.
Gill and Ronald are on trial for first-degree murder in what prosecutors have branded as a plot to get rid of the woman they despised.
The ruse to get Ronald’s DNA was authorized by a warrant, as was the use of hidden video cameras in the basement, where Gill was caught on tape twice looking at a bloodstained weightlifting bar before he concealed it in his jacket, only to later dump it outside.
And when the husband got home, he started washing the bloody knives used to kill his wife, the jury heard. He also hid the bloodied weightlifting bar.
“He is going to get used to the Premier League a little bit more and be a little bit more frustrated than he was on Sunday - it’s going to happen quite a lot.
He said: “I have never seen them celebrate like that. He is obviously trying to get momentum and get the fans behind him. And they are, they are right behind him.
“I am just disappointed we didn’t get the win, the last couple of minutes were a bit of a kick in the teeth.”
Like many of you, I’ve got a bit of a soft spot for the Volvo XC70. To me, it’s the perfect balance of utility, handling, and under-the-radar luxury for going up fire roads in the fall. Every once in a while, though, I find myself wishing the XC70 had a bit more of a summer vibe, you know? That’s where the Volvo XC70 Surf Rescue comes in.
“The best way to protect the vehicle’s occupants is to avoid accidents,” says Skogsmo. “That’s why we’ve developed a number of advanced driving and support systems that interact intelligently to assist the driver in difficult situations, yet without taking over the driving itself or taking over responsibility for safe progress. The task is to assist the driver to take the right decisions, by alerting him or her and in various ways indicating how best to get out of the situation.”
Furthering security, the all-new XC70 can be specified with laminated glass in all the windows, including the rear side windows and the tailgate, making break-ins more difficult. This means that the luggage compartment also gets effective protection. The rear storage system under the luggage compartment floor has a capacity of more than 1.62 cubic feet (without spare wheel), and it is now lockable. It is locked automatically and conveniently when the tailgate is closed and locked.
The decision starts a complex set of next steps for the project, which has been a decade in the making. The federal government already has allocated $68 million for southwestern New Mexico water projects, some of which can be spent now on design work for the diversion project. By voting “yes,” the state could get access to an additional $62 million if the diversion project proceeds to construction.
The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low. He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail. Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee.
The next day, I get back to the room. The maid has pulled them apart again, replaced the nightstand and plugged a lamp back in.
There was a lot of talk when we got here that we were all being surveilled. Someone wrote somewhere that your computer would be hacked within a minute of connecting to the Internet in Russia.
So, to my hacker, I hope I haven’t scandalized you too much. I would prefer it if you waited until I got home before draining my bank accounts and stealing my identity. I can live without the money. I can’t survive the idea of being trapped penniless in the Domodedovo Airport for a decade.
I wrote another nasty thing about Putin. When I got home that evening, the door to my hotel room was wide open. There was a key in the lock. Either my secret policeman was getting careless or cocky.
Far too many nights refused to die at The Wines of Mordor. The jet lag never really let go of any of us. Seven times here — SEVEN! — I performed what is known in the business as a wraparound. I got up from the bar and went straight to breakfast. I will require long-term hospitalization when I get home.
Of course, you get sick. We all got sick. We’d go from the sweaty confines of The Wines of Mordor, out into the dawn chill, then back into the swampy cafeteria. It was good to get there early, when the breakfast smelt is fresh.
“We got in the car and we went down to get a cup of coffee,” he said. “Not the newspaper though. We knew what it would say.”
“I feel like, a long time ago, I went through feeling really anxious on stage, but I really love preforming,” she explained. “I feel there’s a particular space I can get into with the people in my band, that I think is really special, and I like sharing it with people. I think that our music comes from caring for each other, and so I feel like when I’m preforming about things, that’s what I’m preforming.”
“People from Plan-It-X were some of the first musicians I saw that were queer musicians, and when I started playing in Ramshackle, I felt like one of my biggest goals was to create a space that felt like my teenage punk scene, where the people playing were weird, the people watching were weird, and you could just meet other strange outsiders, and maybe you get a zine or learn about feminism,” Berger recounted.
Palmer Luckey has IT issues. We’re due to speak – but he can’t be contacted. Eventually, his UK PR gets in touch. “Palmer hasn’t even received any emails,” he says. “Emails can’t get in from outside the building.”
Day-to-day, his role is hard to define. He helps external developers create material for VR, and works on cool new hardware, such as Oculus’ long-awaited Touch hand controllers, which he says should be launching soon. “That was my pet project for a couple of years, so that's pretty exciting to finally get that out there.”
“Most property owners are forced into settling knowing to it’s going to take a long time to get property back, and they can pretty quickly exceed value of the property just to settle a case,’’ he said.
The Buick used by the teenage spray-painters, for instance, was not among those McMurtry went after in court. The mother of one of the teens called him, and the two struck a deal to get the car back: $500 plus the towing and storage costs, he said.
Additional images and information about the Calgary Central Library can be found in the Database file linked below. Want to get involved in the discussion or share your photos? Check out the associated Forum thread or leave a comment at the bottom of this page.
In my opinion, Davis should continue to get the bulk of carriers in this offense. I am not ready to commit to him or any of the other running backs on the roster yet for next year, but I do think his play is intriguing.
For our purposes here, I’ll refer to @realDonaldTrump’s tweets as “tweets,” and the responses to them as “replies,” so we don’t get confused. When @realDonaldTrump “blocks” someone on Twitter, they can no longer read his tweets or reply to them. That is in contrast to “muting,” which removes the person’s replies from @realDonaldTrump’s view but leaves them up for other users.
It’s easy to apply this analysis to the @realDonaldTrump account. As noted above, President Trump regularly uses it for official business – indeed, it’s hard to find any personal tweets at all these days. Moreover, his bio says he is “45th President of the United States of America,” and, at the moment, his cover photo is a picture of him sitting at the Resolute desk in the Oval Office while conducting official business. (This isn’t the first time the White House has made this mistake. President Trump’s social media director(!) previously got in hot water for making his personal account appear like an official account and then advocating voters choose a particular candidate.)
In other words, once @realDonaldTrump allows replies to a tweet, he’s obliged to permit all views encompassed within the subject of that tweet, and he cannot do so in a manner that favors certain viewpoints or ideas at the expense of others. That permits President Trump a fair amount of leeway by the trolling standards of the Internet — if he wanted to get rid of harassing or vulgar replies that had nothing to do with the tweet, he theoretically could — but, when it comes to the subject matter of the tweet, the commentators have a broad free speech rights to address the topic at hand.
It was time for a little loving payback. His family, friends and teammates got the chance to light a fire under Johnstone’s butt for a change.
Bernardi had a unique perspective on what Johnstone was going through as the leg braces got smaller and the exercises harder -- he tore his ACL four times by the time his collegiate career ended in 2010. As Johnstone grew stronger, so did his relationship with his graduate assistant mentor.
“When you’re hurt, we think we can get right back into it and play,” Grasu said. “We’re young and we think we can be like Superman, but the reality is we have to listen to the trainers and the doctors -- and Tyler did a great job. He did everything he could.”
Johnstone felt it buckle. It didn’t hurt, not much anyway, but it was enough that Bernardi came running over to help his left tackle get off the field. The knee swelled up some, but the initial tests came back clean.
As word spread within the football complex, Yruretagoyena made sure his best friend wouldn’t have to wait alone while the rest of the team finished their workouts. Laing was on the University campus when she got a phone call that made it clear to her she needed to get across the river without going into specifics.
“Not every aspect of the first time was a failure, but I did re-tear it,” Johnstone said. “Nothing of that is on the trainers or anything, I just feel I didn’t go above and beyond what I would have needed to do to get it back to being ready. I don’t think I listened to myself, listened to my body after I passed those tests. I don’t think I listened to my knees the first time around, and that’s where I failed.”
That was when he stopped feeling sorry for himself. It was time to get back to work. Back to his team.
I’m not sure many men have the testicular fortitude to endure the pain it takes to achieve this goal today. Particularly since the avenue I pursued is now closed off to men in the family court’s crusade against fatherhood. I certainly thought of giving up but never did. I was also determined to get the court to understand the seriousness of my desire to be a fully committed parent and I was willing to go through the financial expense of seeing it through.
I know all too well the stories of men who get taken advantage of by unscrupulous attorneys who don’t offer alternatives and other potential options their clients can pursue. State ordered child support should only be enforced when a spouse chooses to abdicate the responsibility of raising their children. There is no excuse for a parent to abandon their children. In my subsequent research, I have discovered that many fathers do not want to leave their children. Many times they are FORCED out.
The more often we keep the filthy claws of state and federal government out of our lives, the better. Once they get in, they never let go. The formation of the family court system, the state and federal offices of child support enforcement and all of the affiliated positions associated with it, has resulted in the creation of a massive state controlled Industry whose sole function is to affect the massive transfer of wealth from the father to the mother. The increase in state intrusion in our personal lives coupled with the culture of entitlement and unreasonable expectations currently embedded in our public consciousness, creates a system that feeds upon itself. It appears that this former government safety net has turned into a spider web. Eventually it will bleed fathers dry and the real victims will be their children.
We finally get to hear the full track that spawned the standout from DJ Khaled’s "Major Key" album.
It’s a shame the full version wasn’t included on Major Key, but the fact that EarthGang got a placement on the Miami collaboration king’s seminal album in the first place was an unlikely treat for underground fans and a great look for Johnny Venus and Doctur Dot.
Investors got what they wished for.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
If funds are spent smartly, it only costs about $15k to get on the primary ballot for the U.S. Senate. The numbers break down like this (and vary from state to state). In New Mexico, getting a guaranteed spot on the Republican or Democratic ticket takes about 9k signatures (2X the number of signatures allows a safety margin for contested signatures). Signature gatherers can be hired for about one dollar a signature, and you will need to hire someone to coordinate the gatherers (or about $15k for a lean campaign).
Sometimes when I post about the Sex Offender Registry, I get comments like, “Those scum don’t deserve to EVER live a normal life!”
She was around 31 at this time and hung out with her friend’s 14 year old son. I had moved in with her and the 3 of us became close friends. She would always tell me how much he liked me and that him and I could have mixed-colored babies and they would be so pretty.Which got my mind thinking about him in a way that was more than friends.
On my 19th birthday she said she wanted to have a party and the 3 of us got drunk and played truth or dare. She had us dance naked and kiss in front of her. Him and I had sex that night.
I have all the backing from my probation officer and therapist to try and get off probation and registry. However due to my felony it is hard to find any job where I would make the amount of money I need to go back to court.
The system is failed and everyone is being painted with a broad brush. I want to become a voice for sex offenders and hopefully get connected with the right people and/organization to start changing some of these laws. Not everyone should be called a sex offender.
San Francisco in 2001 became the first city in the country to cover sex reassignment surgeries for government employees. Last year, Portland, Ore. did the same. The number of major U.S. companies covering the cost of gender reassignment surgery for transgender workers also doubled last year, reflecting a decades-long push by transgender activists to get insurance companies to treat such surgeries as medically necessary instead of elective procedures.
If anyone thought that Megyn Kelly’s move to NBC made her more progressive or was a sign of a change of heart on her politics, they need to get a load of this.
‘The entire rigmarole with Alex Jones was a series of unforced errors: Amateur decision-making, lightweight investigation, and vaguely defined motives … after all of the hullabaloo defending her interview of Jones, she couldn’t manage to get the segment to coalesce around a news peg. So what is Megyn Kelly good at?’
Weather, loading and performance, emergency procedures, physiology, medical conditions, and drugs and alcohol. Aeronautical decision making, or ADM, some risk mitigation, and maintenance and preflight procedures, and waivers. Then, we will go through a self-assessment section, in which you can see if you're ready to take the test or not. I am confident that this title will help you get prepared to take this important test. Let's get started.
'This is powerful because the smiling cue is probably the most rewarding cue one can get from one's own infant, yet the key reward regions appear to be shut down in response to these cues in mothers with addictions.'
Insignia is the in-house Best Buy brand. I bought this monitor to replace an old CRT monitor. It's not flashy but so far its getting the job done. I had bought a Dell monitor similar to it and found that this Insignia was better in the fact that it has ports for DVI, HDMI, VGA and a headphone jack (all located at the bottom and behind the monitor). *Remember DVI cables carry audio if you want to use the head phone jack. There are no speakers (that I know of on the monitor and no place to mount a speaker bar). The Dell monitor had left off the DVI port while Insignia got this right. Boo on Dell for that! The Dell monitor's base was a little more solid than the Insignia. The Insignia does wiggle around a little if your desk is not solid enough and you bump the desk. The image quality shows the colors are off a little if you are not looking directly right at it. The max resolution on this monitor is about average for an economical purchased. I will be using it for Microsoft office, web surfing and watching some Netflix. I have this hooked up to two computers using a KVM switch. Each of the PCs are Windows 7 and 8.1. There was no software CD to install drivers, I just used the drivers that Microsoft installed during installation. Buttons are directly on the front. Actually scratch the word button it is just a touch to the area the buttons would be at. The power light at the front does go off when you shut it down. The Insignia logo comes up for a second or two on the screen before you can use the monitor. I've had this up and running for a couple of weeks now since this review. So... so far I am satisfied with my buy.
The parents were told that they should get tested, along with Avery’s siblings, to see if they were a match for donation. It’s highly unlikely that the extended family would be, which narrowed down the field of prospective donors, and they were informed that less than 25 per cent of the time a donor is found in the immediate family.
Fitzgerald and Bridger took Glass' rifle, knife, tomahawk and flint; if they showed up empty-handed, Henry would have asked where the weapons were, and they wouldn't get paid.
The two minders set out for Fort Henry, and while the film depicts their journey as perilous and semi-epic, it was neither. They arrived two days after the others, displayed Glass' armaments and collected their reward. While the duo's conduct was dastardly by modern sensibilities, leaving their sure-to-die comrade wasn't what got mountain men talking. They were a hard lot with an affinity for risk management. Heinous and unforgiveable to mountain men, however, was taking a man's only means of survival — his tools.
He did crawl, and then crawled some more, and after that, he limped. The film got that right.
He did not get chased off a cliff, nor did he crawl inside a horse carcass for warmth. He did not meet a Native American with a sly sense of humor who tossed him a buffalo liver. Perhaps he ate some liver on his sojourn, but the truth is, he ate far more dog. Dog eating was not such a big deal back then. The Comanche thought it was disgusting, true, but it was a staple of the Sioux diet. The Kickapoo revered dogs, believing they had spirits like humans and lived in heaven after death. The Kickapoo bottle-fed their dogs, kept their paws from the dusty ground, washed and swaddled and sang to them. They also ate puppy stew.
But not for child murder — he just wanted his gun back. His beloved and trustworthy Hawken. And if he had to crawl and limp 350 miles to kill the bastard who stole it, so be it. The film doesn't get into the whole man-rifle bond too much. It also doesn't mention the few days Glass spent with some friendly Sioux, who welcomed him to their village, where they cleaned the maggots from his back wound and poured vegetable juice on it.
Another popular version of the Glass legend has him suf­fering and crawling, but instead of dispatching his arch-enemy, he finds himself swollen with empathy and love, and turns his chiseled, manly cheek and forgives Fitzgerald, as he did Bridger. This too syncs with our notions of how the West was won, or conquered, or not exactly stolen. Forgiveness works about as well as vengeance, as long as you get other stuff right.
From: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org> To: Mark Paustenbach <markpaustenbach@gmail.com> Subject: RE: Bernie narrative Thread-Topic: Bernie narrative Thread-Index: AQHRs8AvQtUQ9aKs30KucVWjje9Zyp/EG7Pk Date: Sat, 21 May 2016 17:34:09 -0700 Message-ID: <05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5@dncdag1.dnc.org> References: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SCL: -1 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_" MIME-Version: 1.0 --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. So we'll have to leave it alone. ________________________________ From: Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@gmail.com] Sent: Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM To: Miranda, Luis Subject: Bernie narrative Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Ber= nie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess. Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the campaign = to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something critic= al. She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his staff to respond t= o our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which is why we had t= o shut off their access in order to get them to finally let us know exactly= how they snooped around HFA's data. Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got back= to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six weeks ear= lier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie personall= y for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an= awful list just a few days before we had to make the announcements. It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act together. --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html dir=3D"ltr"> <head> <meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Diso-8859-= 1"> <style type=3D"text/css" id=3D"owaParaStyle"></style> </head> <body fpstyle=3D"1" ocsi=3D"0"> <div style=3D"direction: ltr;font-family: Tahoma;color: #000000;font-size: = 10pt;">True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. <div><br> </div> <div>So we'll have to leave it alone. </div> <div><br> <div style=3D"font-family: Times New Roman; color: #000000; font-size: 16px= "> <hr tabindex=3D"-1"> <div id=3D"divRpF822574" style=3D"direction: ltr;"><font face=3D"Tahoma" si= ze=3D"2" color=3D"#000000"><b>From:</b> Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@g= mail.com]<br> <b>Sent:</b> Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM<br> <b>To:</b> Miranda, Luis<br> <b>Subject:</b> Bernie narrative<br> </font><br> </div> <div></div> <div>Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is tha= t Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.&nbs= p; <div><br> </div> <div>Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the camp= aign to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something&n= bsp;critical.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his sta= ff to respond to our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which = is why we had to shut off their access in order to get them to finally= let us know exactly how they snooped around HFA's data.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got= back to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six week= s earlier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie pers= onally for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an awful list just a few day= s before we had to make the announcements. </div> <div><br> </div> <div>It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act toget= her. </div> </div> </div> </div> </div> </body> </html> --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_--
"He (Moreira) says he got into a physical fight with the ambassador, and he had no choice other than to hit the ambassador and kill him," Pontes said. "He says he was in desperation and didn't know what to do, given what had happened, so he asked a cousin for help and they went to make the ambassador's body disappear."
It's an ambitious document in many ways, but it's notable that AAA gaming capabilities were probably the least forward-looking element - a target of a mere 4x to 6x Xbox 360 quality is mentioned more than once (though 8x gets a look-in on one occasion). Instead we see more focus on the intriguing new concept of transmedia gaming, where real-time TV and gaming are combined, again with Kinect as the centrepiece. Why just watch the golf when you can actually take part in the event, with stats and performances inserted into the game as it happened? It never happened of course, but it's indicative of the thought processes of the time. There's a sense that Microsoft felt it owned AAA gaming and wanted to do something more, something different. It wrongfully perceived threats from companies that have still yet to mount any kind of challenge to the traditional home console and considered mobile devices as companion technology, rather than the actual destination for the majority of the more casual gamers it craved.
But apparently Marvel superheroes and DC comics superheroes didn’t get along with each others very well in that egg box (especially Batman and Superman, who know why :p). So this year, I thought I would separate them in two different sets !
The best way to learn to be a Congress spokesperson on The Newshour is to watch Sanjay Jha for exactly 3 days. You will get the drift. Here is a simple algorithm
5. Bear all the shouting calmly, as Arnab isn’t really looking for an answer from you. After hollering at you for a minute, Arnab will most likely turn to someone else, with a remark like this: “Let me get across to Sankarshan. Isn’t it really strange, Sankarshan?” No one knows why he does this, but why should you complain? :D You are saved from answering the question. Sit back, relax and enjoy some whisky. (Vinod Mehta 101)
6. When he comes back to you after about ten minutes, he might say, “This time, please stick to the point!” Don’t get scared. Say this, “Well, I’ll get to your question, but let me tell you, the BJP is making these vile accusations for the simple reason that they’re scared of the phenomenal groundswell of support which a young icon in Rahul Gandhi is receiving from the public.” If you manage to get this whole sentence out, CONGRATS! You have exceeded expectations by a country mile!
8. On the other hand, if it’s not Arnab, but some other party spokesperson interrupting, you are in luck! Say this: “Let me complete, Mr.___ or Mrs.____. I did not interrupt when you were speaking,” at least once. This allows you to claim the moral high ground and showcase your better manners. The interrupters, no matter how thick skinned they are, usually pause for a second when you rebuke them thus. In that second, quickly get this sentence out: “Mr. Modi doesn’t even have the basic courtesy to apologize for the riots.” The rival spokesperson will then SURELY interrupt again and this time, you can let go. Alternately, you can precipitate a circular loop of interruption-counter interruption with each party insisting that they be allowed to speak before their opponents interrupt.
9. When you get interrupted – this is important – you must not look relieved. Look disappointed. Look gutted. Remember, people are watching you 75% of the time. Ideally, they’d be watching you all the time while others are speaking, but since this is The Newshour, chances are, there are more than a dozen people on the panel, and even on a 40 inch TV, after half the screen is claimed by Arnab, each panelist occupies no more than a square inch. So there’s a good chance that you’ll be off the screen when other panelists are speaking. So yes, fake some disappointment at not being allowed to speak. Throw your hands up in the air; shake your head – the works.
10. The last tip – A Newshour debate usually lasts for 45 minutes to an hour, where about a dozen people speak ALONG with Arnab. You may hear only Arnab’s voice, but that’s just because he’s much louder than most of them. (Ashwin Kumar Newshour Theorem [Trademarked]: At any given point in The Newshour, there are a minimum of three people speaking, the loudest of them being Arnab) Newshour cockfights could get addictive and over time you may come to enjoy them immensely, but do NOT look like you’re having a ball out there. Remember, you’re out there to answer…er, no…you’re out there to LOOK LIKE you’re out there to answer questions. So don’t just stare into the camera like Dr Manmohan Singh. KEEP RAISING YOUR HAND every now and then. I know you definitely do not want to jump into the crocodile pool, but you should look like you want to! Just DON’T MAKE THE FATAL MISTAKE of saying, “Arnab, can I come in?” or “Arnab, can I make a point?” If you do that, he might bring you in and you’ll have to say something again. Just raise your hand and look agitated.
So, relax, be confident and enter the lion’s den with your head held high! The Newshour debate will get over before you know it! You can thank this UnReal Times columnist later.
Have a suggestion for us? Here’s how to get in touch:
People who sleep on their fronts are way more likely to have erotic dreams compared to those who go to sleep in other positions. According to a study, people who sleep on their tummy tend to get short of breath at night, and because of that, they often get dreams of wild sex. The people who sleep in such a position often experience racier dreams, like those involving being “tied up” or “locked up.” Another interesting fact to note is that most people who have experienced such dreams report that they also often involve a really famous personality.
It's possible that the Earth’s magnetic field has a profound effect on dreams in people. Psychologist Darren Lipnicki has been recording his dreams for over eight years and concluded that low geomagnetic activity caused weirder dreams, but when the geomagnetic activity was high, the dreams got more normal and sensible. His findings are strictly anecdotal but have provided the impetus for further controlled studies.
Jefferys says he gets up to 100 emails per day from people seeking advice -- half of them from America. Some travel to India to purchase the drugs themselves; others ask Jefferys to arrange for the drugs to be mailed to their homes.
"India has been the torchbearer of trying to show countries that there can be innovation and invention in the field, but making sure that unmerited patents don't get granted," said Tahir Amin, co-founder at the Initiative for Medicines, Access, & Knowledge.
One possible way out of this kind of case is to say that the sword is a phase of the walking stick, thereby introducing ad hoc phase sortals. By the expression ‘ad hoc phase sortal’ I mean a sortal that can be used sometimes as a phase sortal, designating an object only through part of its existence, and sometimes as an ultimate sortal, designating an object through the whole of its existence. Of course, even normal phase sortal might, contingently, in a given instance, designate an object through the whole of its existence. One might say that the phase sortal baby could designate something through the whole of its existence if, for example, a human being died at the age of six months and hence never got beyond babyhood. But it remains the case that, by dint of the meaning of the term, a baby is a phase of a human being (or, perhaps, some other animal) even when a particular creature fails to get beyond that phase. A sword is not, however, in virtue of the meaning of the word ‘sword’, a phase of anything, and to use the term to name a phase of something in a given case, when it suits, is ad hoc. Allowing sortals of this kind would put the concept of sortal under pressure, for an ultimate sortal was originally thought to be a kind of concept that necessarily characterizes an object present-tensedly throughout its existence, not a concept that sometimes does and sometimes does not. If it were possible for a given sortal, such as sword, sometimes to be an ultimate sortal and sometimes a phase sortal, it is not clear how such an expression would differ from an expression such as brown thing, which may or may not characterize something through the whole of its existence. But it is vital that the distinction between sortals, phase or ultimate, and expressions such as brown thing be clearly maintained, if the notion of sortal is to serve any formal purpose.
More importantly, that there are no ad hoc sortals is essential to the significance of the formal proof that there is no such thing as relative identity. In logic and in the application of Leibniz’s Law, ‘a is F’ is normally equivalent to ‘a was, is or will be F’, otherwise the Law would not apply to such accidental properties as ‘is brown’. This is also the way phase sortals work: a human being is, was, or will be a baby. The argument against relative identity works by arguing that, if one allowed relative identity, a contradiction would follow, namely that one would get a situation in which a is G, a = b and b is not G. For this to be a contradiction, ‘is G’ must be univocal in both cases as either ‘—was, is or will be G’ or ‘—is at all times G’. For there is no inconsistency in a is, was, or will be G, a = b, and b is not at all times G. But if, whenever a contradiction is generated, one deems one of the sortals to be a phase sortal, and so to fall under the ‘is, was, or will be’ rubric, and the other to be the ultimate sortal which applies at all times, no contradiction will ever arise. All the cases of putative relative identity could be reconciled with Leibniz’s Law by deeming one of the sortals to be operating as a phase sortal in this instance.
“Good morning Monarch Nation! We are excited to get started with our 2015 season. First I’d like to welcome all the members of our armed services who are here today as a part of our Wounded Warriors program. We are absolutely honored to have you all here today with us, and on behalf of myself, Old Dominion University and our entire coaching staff, we thank you for everything you do in protecting us, making us feel safe, and allowing us to feel good about ourselves living in the greatest country in the world. So thank you all, very much.”
“I’d also like to announce that we, here at Old Dominion University, are excited about our partnership with EDS Inc. For a second year in a row, we are going to provide tickets to ODU athletic events to active and retired military members and their families throughout Hampton Roads. This Tickets for Troops program is something we are all very proud of. It’s something that we feel like, in a very small way, we can continue to say thank you to all of our military personnel. With that being said, let’s get started on this year’s football team.”
“Defensively, we have really good experience on this side of the ball. Eight of our 11 starters have game experience on defense. We have 18 guys total who have played on that side of the ball. We currently have more depth than we ever have had on defense, which is a real good feeling. We feel as though at this point, there are 13 guys that can play on the defensive line, which is probably twice as many players that we’ve ever had at that position who can competitively get out on the field and play good football. We also have 10 linebackers that we feel really good about and nine guys in the secondary. So we feel like there’s going to be a lot of competition on defense early in the season. There are 32 guys right now that are going to travel, and we feel like all of them can be good players for us.”
“Speaking to this week’s opponent, Eastern Michigan, we have a lot of respect for their head coach, Chris Creighton. This is his third job, and he has won everywhere he’s been. Generally, it’s taken him a minute to get it started, but then he gets it going pretty well. He has won 70 percent of his games as a head coach. When you go on the road to open the season, you’re always a little bit concerned because it’s not something we’ve done a lot of. Unlike with other sports, we can’t have scrimmages against other teams, so our first competition against another team is our first game. When you’re doing it with a young team, it makes it a little bit more challenging. They played well at home last year, so we know we have our work cut out for us.”
“Offensively, they are led by Reggie Bell, their quarterback. Interesting stat about Reggie is that he was one of only seven quarterbacks that led his team in both passing and rushing last season. He had an outstanding rushing game, and ran for over 200 yards in their home win over Buffalo last year. So defensively, we know we will have to focus on him as both a passer and as a rusher. He is a very explosive player. They return five starters on offense, so we are going to see a lot of new faces. But we, as a coaching staff, can appreciate what they’re doing. They’ve got a lot of transfers in and are playing a lot of young players to build their program around.”
A: The best thing for Shuler is that he has a lot of experience around him. We have changed the dynamics of what we’re going to be doing on offense, and the offensive coaching staff has done a great job emphasizing to all the players around him that this is a different team. So, we will be much more run-oriented, which always helps develop a quarterback’s confidence. A lot of experience around him will help him; he’s got plenty of veterans on the offensive line, at running back and at wide receiver. We’ve made it very clear to Shuler that the number one thing he needs to do is manage the operation. If he does that, he will have success and be able to develop throughout the season.
A: Well, we’ve always had the philosophy here that the best 11 are going to play. If something happens, such as an injury or performance suffers, then it’s our job as coaches to get the twelfth best player on the field. We were planning on being more tight end-oriented based on Melvin’s talents, but now we will have to make some adjustments with that. We’re not going to be completely four-wide; we’ve got some other things in the plan that we will work to develop. Finding that combination of who we are as a team, early on, is going to be critical for us.
A: That was a major accomplishment last year for us, to become bowl eligible. Unfortunately, there were too many teams, so we didn’t get to go based on those transition rules, but that did a lot to infuse confidence into our program. For our first season playing an FBS schedule with 11 FBS games and to end the way we did on a three-game winning streak and to beat the best team in the west, Louisiana Tech, that gave us a lot of confidence. So, the players in the program and the coaches already know that we can get bowl eligible. But the goal for this year’s team isn’t just to get to a bowl game but to compete for the eastern division championship in Conference USA, which will be a major challenge with Western Kentucky and Marshall, both of which are picked pretty high in our division. But we know that if we accomplish that, then we will be playing on December 5 in the Conference USA championship and will already be guaranteed a pretty good bowl game. This team already knows it can become bowl eligible, but the goals and expectations will always be higher than that.
A: It definitely is a good challenge, and sometimes there are advantages of having a young team open up the season away from home. You travel and get into a hotel, so there is more of a sense of comradery because you have the whole team together. I will use that part to our advantage. From the time we practice on Friday, then go to the airport and get on the plane and then get to the hotel, it will be all about that rallying cry of “it’s us.” We’ve got to be together to win this football game.
A: Yeah, I learned they are a lot of fun to be around. This group has a lot of energy; you generally get that out of a youthful group. Our coaches did an excellent job explaining to the guys the importance of competing at practice. We set up our drills purposely to make it very competitive. The only thing we don’t know about this group, which is probably also true of every team in the nation, is how are they going to react when they get punched in the mouth? How we react when we have some adversity will be critical. But, we have proven as a staff and with our returning players that we can handle those adverse situations. All four of our league wins last year came on the last play of the game; it doesn’t get any more adverse than that. But I have a lot of confidence in this group and our coaching staff going into this season, but I think it will take us a minute to get to who we are going to be. We are not going to be as good in week one as we’re going to be later on in the season, so it will be a measure of patience for everyone.
So, even if you can learn a new language (say, Objective-C, if you want to code Apple iPhone or iPad applications), you still have to learn how to do things in ways that conform to the new environment. If you're coding an Android or iPhone application, you need to walk through certain steps to get developer certificates, run your builds, provision your devices, test the code running on the devices, and finally follow another process for submitting your applications for distribution.
Other platforms (like Adobe® AIR®) are similar, except that Titanium is licensed under a free/open source Apache license, and you don't need to learn Adobe Flash® or ActionScript to get started. Basically, what you'll be using is an independent WebKit client and an extensive API that includes an internal SQLite database and full file system access (among other features) that you combine with your own CSS, JavaScript, HTML, and back-end code. Furthermore, you get access to common wrappers for such things as desktop notifications, tray icons, window menus, and other widgets that allow your application to blend in naturally with most major operating systems.
To get started with Titanium, on the Appcelerator web site, click Download Titanium. When the package is downloaded, install it on your system. On Mac OS X, simply drag the Titanium icon onto the Applications folder icon.
When Titanium is installed, you'll probably need to run updates and download secondary libraries before you can get going. When everything is complete, start Titanium for the first time; you should see a welcome page. If you already have a username and password, use those credentials to log in. Otherwise, take a minute to create your credentials now. You'll use those credentials to access the wiki, the support portal, and other resources, like cloud-based analytics.
If client-side only gets you so far, then there's also support for server-side code. You could convert the HTML file here to PHP, and if you've got PHP support for the application your building (in other words, you selected the PHP checkbox when you created the project), you'd be able to insert PHP commands. Combining PHP with the built-in SQLite database included with Titanium allows you to build just about any kind of dynamic application you care to build. The next section takes this all a bit farther and adds PHP coding.
Now that you have the basics down, you can do a few advanced things with your new application. Open the Resources directory, then open the index.html file in an editor. Before you get started with PHP, it's a good idea to throw in a link to a PHP file that will run phpinfo() so that you know what you're dealing with. I chose PHP, because that's what I'm most familiar with: You may want to use Ruby or Python, and both of those options are supported.
When you're in the HTML file, get rid of the button and put in a link to a new file — one you'll call phpinfo.php, as Listing 6 shows.
At this point, you know more than enough to get started on your own Titanium application. You've learned how to install the tools, create basic interfaces with HTML, and even added a bit of PHP code and some CSS styling. From here, you should be able to add other features and make smart desktop and mobile applications, building on the skills you already have as a web developer.
There is also the indirect effect of what money we haven’t spent because limited state and local government resources end up going to keep marijuana illegal. Those funds could have been used to lower taxes or provide better services. How many students could afford to attend college, and go on to get higher degrees if the billions that could have be raised by tax cannabis were used to keep down tuition at public universities or provide for scholarships?
The iron was the odd piece out after it received the fewest number of votes among the original pieces. The cat got the highest number of votes among five possible new tokens, beating out a robot, guitar, helicopter and diamond ring.
“When it comes to empty big-box stores, we really don’t have too much of a problem,” he said. “We just had a Wal-Mart open. That’s about 190,000 square feet, and we’ve also got a Home Depot, Target and Lowe’s. We’ve been pretty fortunate that all of those are open.”
Felani, born in India to parents who were undocumented migrants there, was returning to Bangladesh to get married. But it was daylight now, and Felani’s father Nurul Islam was afraid.
Cows in Bangladesh sell for three to four times what they fetch in India, and resourceful traffickers have devised new, brutal ways to get around the obstacle.
Rahim, the Indian farmer who witnesses this happen almost nightly, describes the procedure: “They use ramps to get the cows up to the middle part of the wire fence. The wires here are a little bit further apart than the rest of the fence. They loosen the wires a little bit more, then they bind the legs and the mouth of the cow, haul it up the ramp and pass it through to the other side.”
“It takes 10 minutes to get 50 cows through,” says Rahim, “But it’s not easy to get 10 minutes. The smugglers always follow the BSF, keeping an eye on them, waiting for an opportunity.”
And the last but not least winner to get a $5,000 prize is Adrian Sacchi, who also built a native BB10 app, Telegrann. Just like in the case of other native apps submitted during these two short months, the functionality of Telegrann is limited (you can only view messages), but we always value the hard work invested into studying our API and building a smoother native experience, and think that this approach provides a proper foundation to build on.
There have been many attempts by Matthews LLC and the city to get this project fully approved.
The city also tracks the province or state on the licence plates of people who get fined for parking too close to hydrants. Not surprisingly, almost every ticketed vehicle had Ontario plates. Drivers with Quebec plates were a distant second, followed by visitors from New York and Alberta.
But pity the two poor drivers with Hawaiian plates, who came a long way only to get busted for parking in front of hydrants.
But even coming back from a training deployment in Thailand, it would usually take Chris a few days to find the release valve on his psyche. And by tonight he’d gotten the boat all opened up and aired out—made a run to get beer and another to a vintage store where he bought his dresses and shoes. And now, sitting there on the deck, he finally felt relaxed.
Mr MacRae said one positive was that he got to spend more time with his seven-year-old son Aiden.
“Can we all just get along?” asked Rodney King during the Los Angeles riot of 1992. Well, if we can’t, we can at least dwell apart.
Imagine if 70 percent of Americans commuted to work using electric cars, but then new internal combustion engine technology came along that made driving much cheaper and could liberate another 15 percent of the population from reliance on buses. Well, it’d face some daunting obstacles. Sure, you could buy a bunch of gasoline to store in your garage to refill the vehicle at night but not everyone who owns a car has a garage. What’s more, even though on the typical day you’re just driving to and from work a big part of the appeal of homeownership is freedom. With an electric car, you and your family could just drive off to Toledo or Charleston or wherever on a moment’s notice and stop at a charging station whenever you need to power up. With a gasoline-powered care you have a range anxiety problem. Of course if lots of people already owned gasoline-fueld cars, we might have a nationwide network of gasoline depots at which it was possible to refill with all the convenience of a plug-in station. But you can’t get the chicken without the egg and you can’t get the egg without the chicken.
Which is exactly why Tesla Motors is so eager to publicize its early deployment of a handful of state-of-the-art charging stations in key coastal corridors to make the case that you can drive all up-and-down without a worry. If you can get a critical mass of early adopters excited about that limited set of existing infrastructure, you build momentum for more infrastructure and more electric cars. So John Broder’s nightmare story in The New York Times of misleading energy counts, freezing temperatures, and ending up stranded on the roadside is a disaster for Tesla. Except Tesla says they put equipment in the car to monitor driving patterns and charge levels, and according to their data Broder is just lying about what happened. Allegedly he didn’t drive the route he said he drove in the article, didn’t set the temperature where he said he sent it, didn’t charge the car as much as he said he charged it, and didn’t go the speeds he said he went. Broder fires back here.
Then there is the other Jahlil, the one most fans don’t see. This is the one who intentionally keeps his booming bass voice at low volume off the court so that he won’t intimidate people. The one who would rather hole up in his room with Netflix or PlayStation than be out on the street, where he’s recognized more and more. The one who is shy around strangers but unleashes his gravelly cackle around his friends. The one who feels hurt when he’s attacked on Twitter (“I wonder if they would say negative stuff if they realized how nice I am,” he says). The one who fetched water for his AAU teammates while he was sidelined last summer with a twisted ankle. The one who tells his father he loves him every time they get off the phone.
That competitive fire isn’t limited to game time. “He wants to be first in just about everything,” says teammate Paul White, one of Jahlil’s closest friends. “First in running laps. First one out onto the court. First one done eating. And he’s one of the best trash-talkers I’ve ever been around. He gets in your head, down to your core. Even during practice. It’s like, ‘Oh, damn, man, I’m your teammate.’ ”
“He would always beat me, but he was helping me,” says Jahlil. “Like, he would block my shot and tell me to use my other hand.” Explains Chucky: “My thing was, anything I had a weakness in, I didn’t want him to have. I couldn’t shoot with my left until I was in college. And you see Jahlil now: He’s got a left hand.”
It wasn’t until eighth grade that Jahlil, already 6-foot-8, finally beat his dad. “I remember him getting mad and saying I fouled him,” says Jahlil. “We were out there arguing while we were playing.” Recalls Chucky: “I came home and told my brothers, ‘Yeah, he got me. But I got beat by a pro.’ ”
When Jahlil was in junior high, Chucky would e-mail college coaches, telling them to put his son on their radar. But he didn’t get any traction until a DePaul assistant happened to catch one of Jahlil’s eighth-grade games. He reported what he saw to the university’s head coach at the time, Tracy Webster, who invited father and son to a game. “He was like, ‘Man, I’ll sign you right now,’ ” recalls Chucky. “I didn’t take it seriously. Then the next day it’s on ESPN: ‘DePaul makes offer to eight grader.’ Everybody started taking notice after that.”
Though Jahlil came to Whitney Young as something of a celebrity, he played behind center Thomas Hamilton Jr. as a freshman. But the next year, after Hamilton got injured, Jahlil showed what he could do, putting up a stellar 20 points and 10 rebounds a game. Last year, as a junior, he averaged 20 points and nine rebounds as he led the team to a 27–4 record and a national ranking that reached as high as No. 2.
Chucky can remember being called to school only once: Jahlil was in fifth grade and got into a fight with a boy who called him a nigger. “The parental side of me had to explain to Jahlil you can’t lose your emotions like that,” says Chucky. “But in my head I was happy Jahlil smacked him.”
"The problem occurs when our zeal to get close to them interferes with their natural behavior," he said.
Another concern for scientists is that the whales could continue to swim inland, up the Sacramento River and get stuck as a humpback named Humphrey did back in the 1980s and '90s.
Auston Matthews is really rather boring. In interviews he's dull, almost lifeless at times, and he never says anything incendiary. He does light up occasionally when he hits a topic he enjoys talking about. He smiles suddenly, and it's shocking to see, but it works to draw you in. He is also a little boring on the ice. He does not have Patrik Laine's big, booming shot. He does not have Jack Eichel's turbo boost breakaway speed. He does not have Connor McDavid's total domination of the game, like he can see into the future ten moves ahead of everyone else. He's more like McDavid than the other two, but with Matthews it is a different kind of dominance. He commands space, not time. He runs the play. He makes the other guys on the ice do what he wants them to do, and not just his own team either. He forces the opposition into the space he wants them to be in so he can do what he wants. He wants the puck, he wants to own the ice, and he can and will appear at will in the slot in scoring position, and you won't always be sure how he got there. Maybe he teleports. He seems smaller on the ice than he is. He is smooth and agile in the offensive zone like a winger, not a big, bruiser of a centre. He likes the sweet spot at the goalie's left hand, a classic left-shooting winger location, and he can slide into place there for a pass like he's been playing wing his whole life. Winger is just a role he plays sometimes to make the other team forget about him until it's time to score, a trick he managed for ZSC while wearing the fancy gold jersey of the top scorer. So, maybe he is psychic. He is one thing for sure: the next star of the Toronto Maple Leafs. - Katya Knappe
Regardless of what anyone thinks, it's time to put aside offseason rankings and get the show started.
Trying an over-the-counter solution to get through a particular rough patch can be fine, said Dr. Paruthis. "After a couple of weeks, if they aren’t experiencing better sleep, that is a good time to see their physician or consult a sleep medicine expert."
Have a question for Healthy Living? Get in touch here and we'll do our best to ask the experts and get back to you.
According to the budget, 90% of college students and 70% of university students whose family’s annual income is below $50,000 will get grants covering more than the cost of tuition.
The Google Apps choice is not available anymore on the Google Apps home page. You can still get a free Google Apps account. But the only way to do that is by signing up for a 30-day free trial to its premium Goole Apps for Business service. What happens after 3o days? We’ve asked Google for comment.
For what it's worth, that account seems to soften what Pianta wrote in his police report of the incident, which described the takedown of Sheehan as a response to her "violently punching with a closed fist at my face." He also describes using an "arm-bar" technique to "guide her to the ground." So, you get a couple of clear impressions: An officer was reacting to a persistent physical threat, and he exercised care in "guiding" the plaintiff to gain control of the subject.
Side note: If you want to check out the aforementioned JLA series (and you should!), you can get volume one right here.
"First and foremost, Miiverse is created for gamers to talk about games - to give everyone the chance to ask questions about a game/app, for example, or if you get stuck and need help in-game. "But over time, some people have started using Miiverse for other things, such as long chats that are not strictly game-related. These posts would prevent others from enjoying their favourite communities to the fullest. In order to keep Miiverse game-centred for you, we decided to redesign Miiverse, which includes introducing the posting limitation." — Erica, Nintendo Representative on Miiverse
While you don't get a tax deduction, you may qualify for the Roth IRA savers credit. The downside of the credit is that if your adjusted gross income exceeds $27,750 filing single for the 2017 saver's credit for a credit rate of 50 percent of your contribution, you don't qualify. For people married and filing jointly, the adjusted gross income limit is $37,000.
This is not the case with a Roth IRA. You get no tax benefit immediately for making a contribution to your Roth retirement account. You pay taxes on your income, and then you make your contribution. However, because you have already paid taxes on the money you use, you won't be taxed on it again. Your money grows tax free. For those who think that they'll be in a higher tax bracket or that tax rates will go up by the time they retire, this can be an advantage. You pay taxes at your current, lower rate. And then when you take your distributions, you avoid paying taxes at your future higher rate.
When I got to Africa,
I’m so fast, man,I can run through a hurricane and don't get wet.
There are things that he is good at… that can’t be denied. And there’s things that he probably wishes he could deny. But he is definitely in his element when doing that. He is definitely at his most relaxed. That is something that [showrunner] Scott Gimple really wanted to make sure that we got across — you see it way back even when Tara says to him, “You were smiling when you were killing those walkers,” when you meet Abraham. He’s completely unaware of how relaxed and how in his element he is, and how effortless it is once he goes into that killing machine mode. It is literally what he was built for.
“Just one week before the election I got a telephone call from Platini and he said, ‘I am no longer in your picture because I have been told by the head of state that we should consider ... the situation of France’. And he told me that this will affect more than one vote because he had a group of voters, “said Blatter.
You would think that by the time a person becomes the Director of the CIA, he would have a correct understanding of the Constitution, which is the founding document of the federal government, which the CIA is part of. This should be especially true when the CIA Director is a former member of Congress, a graduate of West Point, and the holder of a law degree from Harvard.Embarrassingly, such is not the case with CIA Director and former U.S. Congressman Mike Pompeo. In a speech delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Pompeo demonstrated a woeful lack of understanding of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment.Referring to his belief that WikiLeaks official Julian Assange, who is a citizen of Australia, should be indicted and prosecuted by the U.S. government for revealing secrets of the U.S. national-security establishment, Pompeo stated:That is quite an amazing statement. It’s also a misleading and fallacious one.What Pompeo obviously doesn’t get is that no one, including American citizens, has First Amendment freedoms. There’s a simple reason for that: Freedoms don’t come from the First Amendment. Or to put it another way, the First Amendment doesn’t give anyone, including Americans, any freedoms at all.People’s freedoms also don’t come from the Constitution. They don’t come from the federal government. They don’t come from the troops, the CIA, or the NSA either.Freedom comes from nature and from God. Even if the Constitution had never been approved by the American people — that is, even if the federal government had never been called into existence — people would still have their fundamental, natural,God-given rights. That’s because freedom and other natural, God-given rights preexist government and, therefore, exist independently of government.Thomas Jefferson makes this point clear in the Declaration of Independence when he points out that people are endowed with unalienable rights by nature and God, not by government or by some document that calls government into existence.There is something else that is important to note here: As Jefferson points out, everyone, not just American citizens, is endowed with these natural, God-given rights, including life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. That includes people who are citizens of other countries. Citizenship has nothing to do rights that are vested in everyone by nature and God.At the risk of belaboring the obvious, that includes Julian Assange. His freedom does not come from the Constitution or the First Amendment or by the Australian government. His freedom comes from the same source that your freedom and my freedom come from — from nature and from God.So, what is the purpose of government? Jefferson makes it clear: Government’s job is to protect the exercise of natural or God-given rights, including liberty.What about the First Amendment? If its purpose is not to give people rights, including freedom, what is its purpose?The purpose of the First Amendment, in part, is to protect the preexisting, natural, God-given freedom of people to publish whatever they want, including the dark, illegal, illicit, immoral, and evil secrets of the federal government, including such dark-side, totalitarian-like nefarious activities as assassination, murder, disappearances, coups, torture, abuse, partnerships with dictators, rendition, kidnapping, illegal surveillance, rendition, destruction of incriminatory evidence, illegal invasions and wars of aggression, and secret prison facilities.That’s what Pompeo and others of his ilk just don’t get: The purpose of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights is to protect people from federal officials like him — officials who are hell-bent on destroying our lives, freedom, and prosperity, and well-being, all in the name of “keeping us safe” or protecting “national security.”Our ancestors were wise people. They knew that the federal government would inevitably attract people like Pompeo. That’s why the Constitution brought into existence a government of extremely limited powers rather than a general power that would enable federal officials like Pompeo to just do the “right” thing.That’s also why the Constitution didn’t empower the federal government to have a CIA, NSA, and standing army. Our ancestors knew that a national-security establishment would inevitably end up destroying people’s freedom in the name of “keeping them safe” and that it would inevitably try to punish people for publicizing and opposing its destruction of liberty.That’s why our ancestors demanded the enactment of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights as a condition for approving the Constitution. They wanted to protect people’s fundamental rights and liberties from federal officials like Pompeo, who they knew would be the biggest threats to people’s fundamental, natural, God-given rights and freedoms.Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation
Every few months it seems like Fujifilm are going a bit less “film”. To the point where they should probably get ready to just drop the latter half of their name altogether. In the latest round of culls, Fujifilm have announced a few more film stocks and formats that are going to be disappearing in 2018.
While the daughter vets would-be cabinet members, her staff tend to an unprecedented new line in presidential product placement. And as a power behind Dad's throne, the daughter's husband, Jared Kushner, wants to be a White House adviser - and despite the obvious nepotism, he'll most likely get the gig, because Dad thinks he's capable of negotiating an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal - after he's purged the transition team of those he suspects as disloyal interlopers.
As President, Trump gets to pick and appoint his own tax auditor, because IRS commissioner John Koskinen's term expires in November 2017 - or sooner if congressional Republicans succeed in a bid to drive him out earlier.
And we can only guess about Saudi Arabia, which Candidate Trump recently declared needs his protection. In the course of the election campaign, Entrepreneur Trump reportedly established eight companies to develop luxury real estate projects in Saudi Arabia, and in August he told a rally in Alabama: "Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much."
"If we've got to talk to a foreign government about their behaviour, or negotiate a treaty, or some country asks us to send our troops in to defend someone else, we've got to make a decision. And the question becomes: Are we going in out of our national interest or because there's a Trump casino around?"
These are rare circumstances in which an unconventional president, who knows all about licensing his brand, may have been licensed by the people to get away with more than any of his predecessors.
It is simply stunning that 44 states are facing shortfalls either for this fiscal year, or will come up short in 2010 or 2011. This puts virtually the entire country in a difficult financial situation. It is hard to understand how the media feels that the federal government is somehow better able to get money from people than states. The federal government’s largest income source is the federal income tax; yet this is income from employees in those same states were fiscal problems are running deep. The government is also going to have a challenging time taxing someone with no job right?
I’ve joined Eternal very early in the closed beta and have been playing the game every day since. I made my modest mark on the community by winning the second edition of Scion’s League with a home brew (which got nerfed shortly after) and by pioneering a few quirky not-quite-tier-one decks, notably Nightmare and Shimmer Party. My background before Eternal is mostly made of kitchen table Magic (peaking in the nineties with a few disastrous local tournament outings), then Scrolls and Duelyst. I’m a Johnny at heart; I enjoy weird combos and building around cards no one else plays.
But not to worry, this is not what this article is about! Today I’d like to walk you through your first few hours of playing Eternal. While doing so, we’ll be building a cheap, effective, flexible, no-nonsense deck to get your career and collection started.
This article is dubbed “Rakano edition”, because the deck we’re going to build uses the Fire & Justice factions, a pairing commonly referred to as “Rakano” in Eternal lingo. Note that this is certainly not the only budget deck you can use to get started; you can expect other editions of this guide to appear on this site soon!
This is a relatively straightforward token aggro list, which revolves around lots of cheap creatures and wide buffs such as Unlock Potential and Rally. It is based on a once-dominant deck called Praxis Tokens, which got pushed out of the meta by consecutive nerfs to Xenan Obelisk and Unlock Potential. But the archetype is still definitely good enough to get started with. It should defeat the Stranger and beat your first gauntlet run without too much trouble.
I defeated both the Stranger and Gauntlet on the first try in my test run. Fair warning : I was on the luckier end of the spectrum there. The Stranger can get some ridiculously good draws that the above deck will not be able to beat. Don’t let that get you down and just retry, it shouldn’t take long.
Using the free Forge run to get your Rakano deck going
Once you completed the quest to defeat one gauntlet, you’ll get access to a free run of Forge. Forge is like gauntlet, except you draft your deck out of a random selection of cards, in a fashion you will feel familiar with if you played Hearthstone’s Arena or Duelyst’s Gauntlet before. A key difference with the above is that in Eternal, you get to keep the cards you pick for your collection! Another important thing you need to know about Forge is that you will only be given choices from two factions, based on the first picks you make. This means that you can “force” the factions you need cards in. I invite you to do just that for Rakano, which also happens to be a strong faction pairing for limited formats anyway!
The power should include as many duals as possible (both seats and banners) as well as Diplomatic Seals when you get them, and possibly a few Monuments to taste. I personally like two copies of Emerald Monument.
Between the large packs, cards in chests, and limited modes letting you keep cards, Eternal gives out a whole lot of those low rarity cards. You’ll get full playsets of them very quickly! The flip side of that is that the crafting/recycling rates on them is very disadvantageous. With that in mind, I believe the best budget decks are those made out of whatever you have, rather than out of “cheap crafts”, which are actually the worst investment you can make.
We will get to crafting eventually, but only after getting as many “free” cards as possible to make a base deck out of.
Anything on top of each of these categories should be a priority pick. In Forge, you only get picks of similar rarity at any given time, so you don’t need to “rare-draft”; only go for higher rated stuff. The exception is you’ll sometimes be given the choice of a Legendary over rares; unless the rare is high up in this table and the legendary looks lame, I say take the legendary in that the case.
I got lucky with being given two Shogun’s Scepter, which are excellent spoils. I also secured a couple of Rakano Outlaw and Brightmace Paladin along with a few usable weapons. I did not manage to go all the way, losing game 4 to mana flood and then game 6 to a crazy series of plays by Vengeance. Still, one gold chest is good enough, especially when you’re lucky like me and it contains a Sparring Partner (another score !).
Once that’s done, it’s time for you to discover one of the best things about Eternal: drafting! It’s a limited mode somewhat similar to Forge, but PvP, and actual packs being passed along (just like physical MtG drafting but asynchronous so you can take all the time you want) rather than 1-out-of-3 picks. Drafting is an art that is worth a whole series of guides on its own, and I’ll leave that to people more skilled at it than I am. Know that while that’s not always the best option, you can also “force” factions in draft. You can’t actually influence what cards you get passed, but you can decide to pick cards in the factions you want. That’s not always optimal for a bunch of reasons, most notably possible signals that someone up the line is already drafting the same factions, but we can choose to ignore those in the name of strategically advancing our collection. Note that Rakano is a strong choice for draft anyway, so you’re not gimping yourself much either.
Just like with forge earlier, I invite you to peruse the previous table as a guideline. Prioritize picks on top of each category. Technically it would be better to use a draft specific picking guide (and you’re welcome to do that if you have one handy) but since we’re also trying to get cards for our deck the above will do just fine. There are however two things not in that table you should look out for :
Once your picks are done, take the best 28-29 cards out of there, add 16-17 sigils – assuming you went by the above, your curve should be low – and get out there!
It took me 2 gauntlet runs to get to 5,000 gold for the draft run. Once in there, it became clear relatively early that Justice was closed in pack 1/3, but not Fire; so I focused on that. Luckily Justice was open in the other packs and I was able to score a Silverwing Familiar, which turned out to be the clear MVP of the run. Other notable picks included a Censari Brigand and no less than *three* Sword of Icaria.
With this, you should have all that you need to take yourself from Starter to Master – now get out there and do it!
Streaming services are in a constant war with each other, trying to get the most funding and the most listeners. Beats Music and Spotify have become particularly competitive with each other.
A veteran publishing analyst, however, questioned whether The Times really had significant prospects around the globe. "This I've got to see," said Edward Atorino, an analyst covering broadcasting, business services and publishing at Benchmark Co., in an email. With The Times "barely making money" he said, "now it's going to fund 'global expansion?' Does Arthur really think the world is waiting for NYT content?"
"I have two other children both unmarried. If she delivers the baby and keeps it then no one will marry them," explained her mother. "My 14-year-old son will get cast out. The only way out is that she will have to undergo the 'chokha thavani viddhi' (purification ritual) and whatever the community decides will be final."
If the girl gets the answer wrong then the tantric assumes her answers have been lies.
"Once the girl is purified and passes the test no-one can point fingers or banish her and her family. But if the girl fails the test and Goddess says she is impure then she might get ostracised from the community," he said.
T.A. says she did so, and that when Gantt arrived he got out of his squad car “and immediately unzipped his pants and removed his erect penis.”
“I like to do movies I care about. It’s not just about commerce,” Chon said. “That’s why I took the role on ‘Seoul Searching.’ I didn’t get rich off of it, I don’t think I’m going to get famous off of it, but I really respect Benson’s work, and I really love the script. As a Korean, and specifically as a Korean American, I thought it was important.”
An indie comedy about a teenage slacker who “mans up” after he accidentally gets his Mormon girlfriend pregnant, the film will be featured in upcoming film festivals, including CAAMFest in San Francisco.
He said he wanted to get “a wider meaning” to parades that are an “alien tradition” to a nationalist from Short Strand, and which he says are “such anathema and source of tension for my community. I came into this project with as open a mind as possible and what I experienced has given me a certain respect for the spectacle, the regimental way in which the bands conduct themselves, the camaraderie and competitiveness between the bands and how the parades differ between Belfast and the rural areas, as well as a deeper understanding for me of what these parades mean to the Protestant community,” he said.
• Go head to head against another tank with the UK's only Tank Paintball Experience • Learn how to Drive a 17.5 Tonne FV432 turreted Tank • Load, Aim and fire the 40mm paintball cannon on the range • Experience driving using the Periscope • Be part of a three person Tank crew plus an on-board instructor • You will be issued with radio headsets, Kevlar helmets and tank suits • You will get the chance to drive the tank, aim the turret and fire the cannon at the opposing team • FREE entry to the on site museum displaying a large military vehicle collection • Tank battle experiences last approximately two hours
As a candidate, Trump said he would not accept a paycheck if elected. Because he is legally obligated to get paid, Spicer announced that Trump will donate his first quarter paycheck — some $78,000 — to the National Parks Services.
"Our goal here is to educate... I know we’ll get public input from it, and we’ll be very sensitive to it."
Ok I have been called Apes, sent pics of their asses,even got a pic with semen on my face. I’m tryin to figure out what human means. I’m out — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 18, 2016
Twitter I understand you got free speech I get it. But there has to be some guidelines when you let spread like that. You can see on the — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 19, 2016
"I do think that as free-to-play offerings keep raising the bar in terms of quality and longevity, it's becoming more and more difficult for subscription games to live up to player's expectations. If you're demanding a monthly fee from someone, they obviously expect more value than they get from a similar free-to-play offering. There is no way getting around the fact that a growing number of gamers expect MMOs to be free-to-play, or at least buy-to-play (such as Guild Wars 2), so is building a successful subscription-based MMO becomes more challenging."
Fresh efforts to get rid of the law, known as HB2, are now expected to be made as soon as the state assembly reconvenes in January, but neither Democrats nor Republicans who support repeal expect success for those attempts in the short term.
YouNow is a live social network that enables audiences and creators to connect in real time and is devoted to the unlimited potential of human creativity. The interactive entertainment platform has over 40 million registered users and 60,000 transactions per day in its digital goods economy. YouNow is committed to creating a community that is a safe place where people can meet, get together and connect. YouNow is backed by Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Ze’ev Ventures and Comcast Ventures.
The reason for the two running was to ratchet up interest in public affairs — and to showcase that GOP and Dems can get along.For example, despite being registered on different sides of the aisle, both are pro-choice and both believe in marriage equality. He does classify himself as a fiscal conservative, whereas she takes more of an interest in education. She has admitted both that “the empty lines on ballots make me sad” and “if we can get more young people involved in politics, that would be tremendous.”
In this example, all three of these containers will be running on the same machine. Here are the three docker run commands that will get the cluster up and running. First, export a variable with your public IP address:
"There are connections of passageways through your nose, ears and mouth," Kant tells The Salt. "When food interacts with your saliva in your mouth, aromas get released" and travel to your nose from the back of your throat.
The comedian quipped, “[If] I go to an elite university — let’s say I go to your Harvards or your MITs or your Berkeleys out there — I get to say ‘I went to Harvard.’ That’s half of what you’re paying for!”
Big questions remain, however: Is it better to learn online for free than break the bank (or your parents’ bank) to go to college? Is higher education about acquiring knowledge and skills, or about acquiring an elite university degree that can get you a foot in the door with an employer?
Another notable learner was a former American soldier who wanted to continue his education after two tours of duty. He also took a Harvard course, edX’s Introduction to Computer Science. With the help of LaunchCode, an edX partner in St. Louis that places people with non-traditional credentials in technology jobs, he got a job at the creative studio Yellow Brick. He directly credits the edX course for helping him get the position, said Agarwal.
He contrasted this with the conventional educational system. “When I went to school, I would do my work, and if I was lucky, two weeks later I would get some grades back…. Think about how we tolerated that and how we still tolerate it.” He said that today’s technologies give learners quick feedback that can improve educational outcomes.
He said a videotaped lecture, for example, could be replaced by a “a learning sequence”: a series of short videos interweaved with interactive exercises such as quizzes, discussions and other forms of interaction between the instructor and the students, or even among the students. edX also offers gamification and virtual labs. “Students can come in and sketch out molecules … play around and get graded for things like that. It enables students to learn by physically doing things.”
Electronic grading itself is evolving, too, said Agarwal. “With technology we can do all kinds of grading. We can grade formulaic responses … we have drag and drop; we have image response.” What about essays? edX uses peer evaluation. “The beauty of peer evaluation is that for each student who comes in to write an essay, that student may also serve as a grader,” he said. “So in some sense, each customer also becomes a supplier. And using this crowdsourcing technique, you can then get scale.”
For a while now, the organization has also been awarding certificates. Agarwal described the impact that change had on users. He noted that when edX first got started, the pass rate was only 6%. Then the platform introduced verified certificates: For a fee of about $50, people would receive a certificate if they passed the course. (Certificates can be used, for instance, to “highlight skills on your resume or LinkedIn profile,” according to the edX site.)
He said that to truly alter the educational and employment ecosystem, edX would need to increase its successes, demonstrate that the course quality was good and show that learners were “learning about the same, or more, or close enough to what they would get in a campus education…. Once the press begins talking about it, and cost pressures continue beating up on everybody, I think there is a path forward.”
Allison Tenbarge had broken off the relationship a few days earlier and moved back to Kentucky but went to the apartment the morning of April 18 with a female friend to get her belongings.
"He has very specific attributes, he gets up and down the flank and because of the injuries we’ve sustained, we were lacking someone who can do that – someone who gives us the option of playing down both sides. His attributes gives us an added dimension.”
"That makes the difference in the long run. Everyone must give 100% and get involved.”
"They had to go and get the UTC doctor and he came in and checked it out and he was like, 'Oh man, you're going to have to go and get stitches,'" he said. "So I had to go to the clinic that night and they had to put 11 stitches around it to put the skin back together."
"I remember I had to strap it all up for the next game. I just had to go around it. The coach wanted me to go out and buy a cup but I'm not going to play with a cup, I'm not going to be able to run," he said. "I just had to heavily strap it. It's all good [now]. I got the stitches out and it's all sweet. No dramas."
This will be the exact opposite of that. This piece explores the seedy underbelly of NFL rumor mongering, and how teams do everything they can to get a guy to drop into their lap on draft day.
"Last week I got a call. We've got this offensive lineman we really want. And he's country strong. The [offensive line coach] calls me and tells me he's watching tape of this kid against [big time college team]. Says he never got owned by the d-lineman, not once. Now, how do you get a possible first round pick to drop into the middle of the second round? I just go dig out in my garage and find an old medical report from five years back when he had a frankel, braces on his teeth, a whole shit ton of mouth work to correct a set of snaggle teeth. I call a scout of mine and mention that [this players] braces will be permanent, and there's so much wiring in his goddamn mouth it will interfere with the calls into the quarterback. He's also a chronic masturbator that's developed calcium deposits in his elbow that will prevent him from bending his arms at more than a 24 degree angle."
"I think it took me seven years. I knew some guys. They knew some older guys. And before, I really didn't believe any of this happened. Then I start coming around different events, parties, tailgates, and I make some smart ass tweets. After a while one guy says, 'Oh hey, I know him. It's okay, he loves the [team], got a great imagination' and we start talking. I make a smart ass comment about a running back having a wide ass and affecting his center of gravity, and the next thing I know I was a part of it. I wanted to be."
Once properly vetted, your imagination usually buys you first or secondhand fictional information most coaches and GM's go apeshit over as the draft gets closer: player run-ins with Filipino tranny hookers, severe flatulence that could require a locker room fumigation, and most importantly: ridiculous, mysterious medical maladies that cause top players to sink like the Titanic come draft day.
"The first player is the comparative value and a decoy. Here, it's Jimmy Garoppolo. The rumor is that he's better than Teddy Bridgewater, the guy we really want. In this example, Garoppolo is okay, but no one REALLY thinks he's better than Bridgewater. I mean for the love of Jerry Fuckin' Burns just look at the tape. But put out just enough doubt and it starts to spread like wildfire, and the closer you get to the draft, we might as well be a league that's a forest fire waiting to happen, man."
"Look, at the end of the day we all want these kids to get drafted. And after the draft is over, the rumor men like to get together and laugh our asses off about which rumor was the best and did the most yet least collateral damage."
While OS X Yosemite is a free download and arrives as a simple to use installer from the Mac App Store, you’ll want to prepare your Mac before jumping into the update to OS X 10.10. That’s what we’re going to cover here with five simple tips to get everything squared away, updated, and ready to go.
Perhaps the only reasons not to update to Yosemite would be due to compatibility reasons with some particular app (though if it runs in Mavericks, it will run in Yosemite), an unusually strong dislike for the redesigned user interface (which isn’t too different, just brighter and whiter), or, perhaps a more important potential issue related to the user interface, a readability issue with the thin system font which can be challenging to view on smaller screen Macs. For example, reading the Helvetica Neue system font on a MacBook Air 11″ gives me eyestrain, but that same font looks fine on 22″ monitor, and the font reads fine on any Mac with a Retina display. If you’re sensitive to that sort of thing and you primarily use a smaller screen Mac, it’s at least worth a thought. You can get an idea of what it would look like by downloading a full resolution screenshot of OS X Yosemite like this one and making it full-screen on your MacBook. If you can read everything fine, you should have nothing to be concerned about in terms of the new font. Any font readability issue will likely only impact a small number of users who have less than ideal eyesight and who use Macs with the smallest displays.
Successful people accept that failure is an essential part of growth. They look at these bumps as opportunities to learn, grow, and become even better for an even bigger win ahead! They know that no matter how many times you’re knocked down, as long as you get right back up and use your new strength and knowledge to improve, you haven’t really failed.
Successful people are proactive – they get things done. While they realize outside forces may interrupt their flow, successful people take full responsibility for the attitude they choose in situations over which they have no control. They look forward to the pleasure and benefits of accomplishing their daily tasks and life goals and they do whatever it takes to avoid the pain of falling through and giving up success.
Successful people set clear, specific, and measurable goals. Knowing exactly what you want to achieve keeps you motivated until you get there, and crafting a clear plan of action helps declutter your thoughts and relieve some stress as you move towards the results you want. Having clear goals and actions also allows you to measure how far you’ve come and how much more you have to go, so you’re not left wondering when you’re supposed to begin seeing some results.
Those were king until they made the ones that even offered to pay speeding tickets if you could prove you were using them when you got busted. So traffic cops resulted to relying heavily on actually getting behind you and watching their speedometer. I was NEVER caught this way. And I ALWAYS sped. What’s the point of investing in a stick shift Honda Prelude or an Acura Integra if you won’t speed? That’s like buying a submarine and using it as a sightseeing canoe.
The most important under-investigated story of the presidential campaign could ultimately become the greatest political scandal in U.S. history: how the Trump administration may have conspired with top Russian intelligence officials, and perhaps Vladimir Putin himself, to interfere in the election, get Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE elected President, and undermine U.S. foreign policy. As revelations about these Russian contacts slowly leak out, some legal scholars are beginning to suggest that Trump campaign officials might have broken the law or even committed treason.
At Rio Del Mar’s southern end, Seascape Park offers lovely views of the water from lush hilltops. Families will also find plenty to do here, thanks to the presence of a picnic area, playground, restrooms, and benches artfully carved with images of the resident wildlife. To get down to the beach, look for the well-graded paved trail that leads from the resort north of the park.
McDonald's father and brother were among her supporters in the courtroom. Charles McDonald apologized to his daughter's victims and said he'd like to see her get the support and help she needs.
As Birkerts sees it, the movement of the digital mind is lateral, directed at what is just over the horizon, along a trail laid for us by corporate interests. The digital mind uses information as a means to approach conclusion or synthesis. The movement of the Enlightenment mind, in contrast, is vertical, penetrating, profound, and inward-looking. The difference, in short, is between the mind that thinks for the sake of thinking itself and the mind oriented toward practical solutions. There is no doubt which Birkerts prefers: “Contemplation is not a subset category, not just one kind of thinking among many,” he writes. “It is the point of thinking, its alpha and omega.” This is a rather astonishing claim, but Birkerts answers that only contemplation gets at the existential, that it is “what almost inevitably follows as soon as we allow the possibility that existence is neither trivial nor incidental.” Unlike goal-directed analysis, contemplation is intransitive and for-itself, a form of experience that is both means and ends. It dabbles in the “terrain that lies to either side of certainty,” sublimating the world through the imagination.
KH: That’s kind of complicated and that’s where my job gets very difficult because we’re not actually an exchange. Being an exchange is just one of the things that we do. Some of the other things we are doing are a little bit more nascent and are in the works. From the beginning, our intention has been to build a firm that is vertically integrated into the economy. The reason why we chose to do an exchange first is one of the problems we saw was that people needed to get bitcoin.
KH: Well, I think that I wouldn’t call it a threat, but I think it’s very much an impediment to doing business. Especially for startups. So coming up, for me, is what we estimate to be a $1.5 million cost to get money transmitter licenses in the states where it’s required, which is kind of absurd.
KH: Right, exactly. We’re not doing that much business yet. And the way the laws have been written, they are not commensurate with the amount of business that you’re doing. Even if you’re just doing $1,000 of business, you still need to go and get the $100,000 bond. So there’s a little bit of a disconnect there.
Apart from a propensity for swearing – which we know about – Thrasher, who is ex-Army, had a tendency to bark out instructions like: “Go and get us some tea.” When one official mildly pointed out that tea-making was not her job, he glared at her and repeated his order for tea. His civil servants had been fervently hoping he would be reshuffled, but they wanted him replaced by his junior minister, Alan Duncan, who is seen as charming, articulate, a good manager and in tune with people – or as one insider put it, “everything that Mitchell is not”.
Do you ever walk into a room and forget what you came in for? You probably got distracted by something else. Maybe a stray interesting thought, or maybe you saw something that reminded you of something else.
Well do you ever turn on your iPad and forget why you turned it on? You probably saw some red badge. And that badge got you sucked into a work email. Then before you know it you’re chewing over some big stressful thing. You may even try to hammer out a response.
Then you close the iPad. It’s an hour later. And you were going to read a book. Or learn something new. You got completely sidetracked by that thing you were going to do. The baby is now crying. Or it’s time to go somewhere. You lost an hour of internet-driven self discovery to distractions and arguing with wrong people in the Internet.
Yet somehow we’ve bought into these notifications as having importance. Some tie into our work lives — important email I must respond too! Some tie into our sense of ego gratification: something valuable is happening now to you. “Did Rick Astley just retweet me? Holy crap! I’m important!” Others want to tie to the (rather stupid) idea that opportunity only knocks once. Some plane fare is cheap if I act in the next 20 minutes!? Others simply come along for the ride because, as we’ll discuss they’re desperately trying to get you to care about the app. Still many others simply think “notifications: why not?” (looking at you Discuss!).
Ok we get notifications distract. They interrupt. But sometimes they’re fun. It’s neat to see that someone enjoys what we’re saying. Or getting that cheap flight can also be fun. Why should we care about notifications?
In fact, I’ve got a startup pitch for you. A totally notification (and distraction) proof tablet. Instead of the ability to switch between apps. Instead of being monitored and cajoled into certain behaviors, you take content you wish to learn and imprint it on a single-use screen. This screen cannot distract you. It’s physically impossible. It comes with a 100% concentration guarantee. There’s no icons, popups, badges, dancing bears, or anything! I’d pay real money for that!
Sitting in front of an internet connected device to focus increasingly feels like futile dieting. It’s too tempting to get that little hit of dopamine. Apps sit too eager to notify you of some pointless affair that seems more fun than the mental exercise you sat down to do. Somebody liked your post or the silly joke you made on twitter! That’s a small bit of excitement that can fill you — just like eating that M&M. A small reward that builds up to larger pain.
Lately I’ve put the tablet away at bedtime. While I value it’s ability to explore every facet of human information, I often get far more than the 300 page linear algebra book at my bedside that I read (and really learn!) 2 pages at a time. Even with every notification turned off on my tablet, my concentration with a book deepens, my desire to find that little hit of dopamine removed. Just like dieting, environment control is key. You don’t regret not eating brownies when there’s no brownies around. If there’s nothing around but salad, fruit, and lean meats suddenly you eat well without a constant epic struggle of willpower.
If you want to experience this yourself, take a book on your next plane ride. (hurry before all airplanes have ubiquitous Internet too!) Suddenly your concentration comes back. Your ability to do hard mental work sinks in. You get a ton out of that book.
The reason many notifications exist to tell you stuff that perhaps the app sucks at telling you during normal usage. Spam exists because they need to get you back into the app. The app by itself isn’t sticky enough. It’s not leading you to the right places or the right content. GET BACK IN HERE PLEASE I HAVE THINGS TO SHOW YOU!1!1
Do you understand the value users want to get out of your app? Does that not line up with what you’re providing?
somebody has a work anniversary (what is this the 60s? did they get a watch?)
Instead I’m lost. More importantly I’m annoyed. My focus is sapped. I can’t get work done. Even a little bit of overspill of pointless events annoys me and makes my spam-dar go off. Stop doing it.
Why aren’t normal apps more like games? Why do we design to bother people rather than help them get work done?
Perhaps more importantly, why aren’t our operating systems designed this way? Video games take over the whole screen to get you to that state of flow. Why do I have all these Windows each with an equal opportunity to bother me? If I was a woodworker and my hammer started buzzing to tell me something while my screwdriver did backflips because it wanted to tell me about a screw that needed tightening? I’d never get anything done.
“I think women always want to check a box that they need to have a kid [or] it’s time to have a kid ... it’s time to get married and have someone financially support you - [but] I can check all the boxes for myself,” the Real Housewives of New York City star continues to say. “I very much have my own life, my own money, my own daughter and my own career. I don’t need a man to check any of the boxes.”
Ask consumers where their shiny new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus came from and you might get "the Apple store," or "China" as an answer. But the origin story for the bigger ( and bendier) phones is a bit more complex, as you can see in the infographic below created by product-review site CompareCamp.
The advance word is that inequality is going to be the central theme in President Obama’s State of the Union Address on Tuesday. That’s certainly good news, since it is a huge problem. The question is whether President Obama is prepared to talk about inequality in a way that gets to the core of the problem as opposed to just clipping away at the edges.
Getting back to full employment really should be at the center of any inequality agenda. Full employment matters not only for the unemployed workers who would get jobs and the underemployed workers who could work more hours, it also leads to tighter labor markets. As a result, workers at the middle and bottom of the pay ladder would be able share in the gains of economic growth as they did in the late 1990s boom.
Gender dysphoria is real and serious. If left untreated, it can have terrible consequences, including suicide. Surgeries like the one I had are recognized as medically necessary treatment by every major medical association in America. Ensuring that transgender people get the health care they need will help save lives.
Centralization is happening inadvertently with Bitcoin, with power becoming concentrated in powerful mining firms who essentially control whether transactions get verified. Centralization is one of the central criticisms of other emerging cryptocurrencies like Neo, which operate a small number of nodes that could conceivably be taken out by any manner of digital or real-world catastrophes.
The second reason is that the Tangle has got some major tech players very excited. It’s no coincidence that IOTA’s explosion in value followed an announcement of a partnership with Microsoft. Microsoft are very proactive in the cryptocurrency space. They recently launched a development contest with Neo and they are one of the main players in the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance. The company responsible for making PCs user-friendly fared poorly in the smartphone space, with Windows Phone never coming close to rivalling Android or iPhone’s market share. Microsoft are keen to be at the front of the pack when it comes to the rapidly-evolving world of blockchain and cryptocurrency.
Before Microsoft got on board, IOTA had already announced partnerships with Cisco Systems, Samsung, and Volkswagen. Its easy to see why the Tangle’s game-changing utilization of data would be incredibly interesting to major companies like this.
"I said 'if you snot him I will be snotting the lot of you, so leave him alone. He's only a baby, just look after him and get there quicker than he is'."
McCaw, 33, is the current immortal of New Zealand rugby and Hansen wants to ensure his milestone of leading the All Blacks in 100 tests gets the recognition it deserved.
"I went into Tewie's office and said [no matter] how much he costs, just get him. This kid's special."
"They pinched Sam Harding from Christ's College, so we got him [McCaw] up to Lincoln College," Hansen said.
"His ability to stay in the fight and get all the way through the tournament was massive. Even after the final - he walked with me to the media conference afterwards and he was exhausted.
With the Dissidia Final Fantasy NT beta now upon us, many people have been clamoring for a move list for each character. Fear not, we’ve got you covered with move lists for each character in Dissidia Final Fantasy. Now that the game is available and out of beta, all characters and attacks are free for players to use, and you’ll find all of the available attacks below for each character. Make sure you have these Dissidia character move lists up and ready to look at so you know what attacks to use and when.
While many get (maybe rightfully) frustrated that OBJ or Aaron Donald didn’t end up as a Lion, Barr going to a division rival was the real gut shot to Detroit due to the need they had for a player like him in their defence. The Vikings felt they were a sure lock to get him to the point that they actually traded down a spot with the browns to pick up extra resources in later rounds. What they may not have known though is that there was almost a deal that would have lost them out on their guy as it is rumoured that Mayhew was in talks with both the Falcons and Browns to trade up to either the number 3 or 6 spots.
National Rifle Association leader Wayne LaPierre argued on NBC’s Meet the Press that “there weren’t enough good guys with guns" to confront the shooter responsible for last week's Washington Navy Yard rampage and he insisted that "when the good guys with guns got there, it stopped.”
He said that the records of those adjudicated to be dangerous are not entered into the national instant check system for gun buyers. “So the Aurora shooter in Colorado gets checked and is cleared, the Tucson shooter gets checked and gets cleared, Aaron Alexis go through the federal and state check and gets cleared,” LaPierre said because the nation’s mental health system doesn’t detect a dangerous person such as Alexis.
“We fought a good fight earlier this year, but we came up short and that means we've got to get back up and go back at it because as long as there are those who fight to make it as easy as possible for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun, then we've got to work as hard as possible for the sake of our children,” Obama said.
By now, we've all heard the silly rumor that the world is going to end on December 21, 2012. A few different causes are "threatening" to strip us of our mortal coils: the Mayans got lazy and stopped adding days to their calendar is a popular rumor, the risk of a mysterious planet named Nibiru colliding with our own world is another.
“Bermuda did get into the eye,” he explained, “but when it involves an island, the center of the eye must go over the island.”
RESPECTED election analyst Antony Green is predicting the Coalition will get the seats it needs to form government.
“At this stage it looks like the Coalition should get to 76 though I must say on the chamber it is 76 plus or minus one so we’re saying between 75 and 77.”
“In that sense, they have won, it’s just simply a matter of whether they have got a majority or not.”
In three of the seats where Labor is leading, it does so by less than 700 votes. So with postal and other votes favouring the Coalition, it could get over the line in the Queensland seats of Capricornia, Flynn and Herbert.
On Today on Friday morning, host Ben Fordham suggested the success of the ‘Kevin 07’ election campaign could be repeated with ‘Pyne one-nine’. Albo even got in on the joke holding up a poster emblazoned with Pyne 19 and claiming Parliament was plastered with them.
She said: “We’ve got a deeply divided unstable Government and we need to be
Party rules currently dictate that the DNC chairman must be a full-timer. Former chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was able to hold the job on a part-time basis while serving as a Florida congresswoman because President Obama appointed her to the job and, well, presidents get to break the party rules.
“We are pushing for time against when the next earthquake will occur, and that’s why there’s this urgency about this,” said Amy Rein Worth, the chairwoman of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, one of the organizations involved in the construction, and the mayor of Orinda, a city in the East Bay. “At the same time, there’s a strong feeling from all of us involved that we want to get it right.”
When you fit a regression model such as $\hat y_i = \hat\beta_0 + \hat\beta_1x_i + \hat\beta_2x^2_i$, the model and the OLS estimator doesn't 'know' that $x^2_i$ is simply the square of $x_i$, it just 'thinks' it's another variable. Of course there is some collinearity, and that gets incorporated into the fit (e.g., the standard errors are larger than they might otherwise be), but lots of pairs of variables can be somewhat collinear without one of them being a function of the other.
"Max Derek Zoolander should REALLY sue Stephen Baldwin," Twitter user Max said referring to the Ben Stiller character, "You can't steal "Magnum", use it in your mugshot, and then expect to get away with it."
La Tomatina ( Spanish pronunciation: [la tomaˈtina]) is a festival that is held in the Valencian town of Buñol, in the East of Spain 30 kilometres (19 mi) from the Mediterranean, in which participants throw tomatoes and get involved in a tomato fight purely for entertainment purposes. Since 1945 it has been held on the last Wednesday of August, during a week of festivities in Buñol.
For a long time now I have found myself defending my membership of the Labour party while wondering what values of mine it defended any more. I didn’t leave the Labour party. It left me, and many others besides. Yet we, the “defectors”, are lambasted as traitors, since it’s easier to launch personal attacks than political arguments, easier to insult and scaremonger than to reflect on why so many core and loyal voters are edging away uncomfortably. “Vote Green and you’ll get Tories!” they shriek at me. I voted Labour last year. I got Tories. There are no guarantees in a first-past-the-post system that we get the government that represents us.
The Basic Game helps gets the players’ tracks wet and covers such concepts as basic line-of-site, vehicle commands, movement and attacking plus basic terrain. A basic scenario can be played in as little as 30 minutes depending on the number of tanks involved. Each tank is given a command marker which is initially placed face down. Basic commands include “Fire”, “Move”, “Over watch” and “Short Halt” (stop moving briefly and fire then move again). It is these command markers which make the game fast to play. While the versions of this game from the 70s and 80s used written commands which the players show to each other, all the new releases allow the players to place these command markers near their units and then flip them over to carry out the actions. These command markers, in fact, allow for a high degree of solitaire play-ability as all the player has to do is create a mix of command counters for the enemy based upon the scenario being played. Then the player can mix them up face down and put them next to the enemy units. Simply flip them over during the turn to see what the enemy “AI” does. It works pretty well.
So let us imagine that religious exemption laws are repealed. And consequently a Muslim school, charity, or mosque finds itself in a legal dilemma because, well, it only hires Muslims who hold to Islamic beliefs and follow the Muslim way of life. What happens next? Does anyone really expect Australian Muslims en masse to alter their deeply held religious beliefs about family and marriage and just get with social progressive program? Would this cause Muslims to feel even more resented by society than they already are? I think we already know the answers to both questions.
"Well not until 2019. Hopefully what will happen is, we get together, come up with a plan and a better area to relocate these areas where they can control the intake, and they're not in the small boat harbors," Underwood replied.
New England Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman has overcome a lot to get to where he is today. Not only was the former Kent State quarterback taken in the seventh-round of the 2009 NFL Draft, but he was immediately converted from QB to receiver by the Patriots.
She estimated she got into a bathroom line on the upper level about two minutes into the intermission and spent about 25 minutes waiting to use the washroom.
“We clicker count, we’ve got people watching the lines and again, we’re studying them and doing everything we can operationally to make it as comfortable as we can for our fans.”
She said staff survey season-ticket holders to try and get an idea of how many men are coming to a game compared to women.
“I get that the men had to wait, and it was an inconvenience for them, but they solved the problem by creating another problem.”
I’ve seen this a number of times – and have built it at least once, myself. When a developer who normally works with rails or another MVC server technology gets to the point where they need to delete one of the Backbone models, they add a route for delete. Then they use a link in the html to hit the route and cause the delete to happen.
One of the features that we get with Backbone’s router is the ability to control the browser’s history and the back button. Every time we send the browser to a new url#route, Backbone records it in the browser’s history. This allows us to move backward and forward in the application, using the browser’s backward and forward navigation button.
When we use a delete route, we get the deletion stuffed into our browser’s history. If we hit the back button, after navigating to another url#route, the router will try to find and delete the model again. It gets even worse if we are routing deletes of groups of things. Assume that we routed to #/delete/green in order to delete all items that are colored green. Then the user adds several new items that are green. Now that they are done, they click through the back button history in order to get to where they started. Along the way, they hit the #/delete/green route again, and all of the work they had just done is destroyed.
Another advantage of Backbone’s router and url#routes, is the ability to copy & paste the entire url or bookmark it, and get back to where we left at any time in the future. When we open that bookmark or paste the url with the url#route in it, the Backbone router will kick off the route’s code. Here, we end up in the same scenario as the browser history issue.
You’ll notice that this is roughly the same amount of code. There may be 1 or 2 lines less in the new version, but that’s negligible at best. We don’t get any advantage from this perspective. However, we do get a number of advantages with regards to the previous problems that I described.
Putting solar panels on your rooftop just became way more affordable: Customers can now pay for just the power they get from the solar panels.
The incident took place on Friday, according to railway officials. The man and his daughter had boarded the Shalimar-Nagercoil Gurudev Express from Salem, and were to get down at Palakkad. They were on their way to the man’s in-laws’ house in Wadakkanchery, which is near Palakkad.
After realising he had missed his stop, the man hurriedly got off the train at the next station, and continued on to his in-laws’ home.
Officers said they were trying to get people in tents to leave and the group chanted and yelled in defiance. Two protesters were arrested for camping in a public park during prohibited hours. Two others were cited and released.
If you're looking for the best cheap internet service, we also offer exclusive deals and free perks on HughesNet satellite internet service in Louisiana. The prices of our exclusive satellite internet plans start as low as only $39.99 per month. With high speed satellite internet you can get fast service in even more home and business locations. All you need is a clear view of the south eastern sky! Even if you don't have wireless internet coverage, you can still get the best home internet service.
Also, we are working to organize in your town. If you are willing to be our representative we will help you get organized and hold your first meeting. We are also available for public speaking and media interviews.
#Brangelina is over. We hope their kids get through this.
In September 1992, the tabloid television show Hard Copy broadcast a videotaped conversation between Fisher and Paul Makely, the owner of a gym in Massapequa. In the tape, recorded hours before she agreed to the plea in court, Fisher could be seen talking about her future, saying that she wanted to get married to Makely so he could visit her in prison. Fisher explained that her lawyer believed requiring people to be married for such visits was unconstitutional, and that she intended to challenge the law on this matter. Fisher could be seen on the tape saying: "That will keep my name in the press. I want my name in the press. Why? Because I can make a lot of money. I figure if I'm going through all this pain and suffering, I'm getting a Ferrari." Prior to the Paul Makely Tape, Peter de Rosa, 29, secretly recorded Fisher in an act of prostitution with him in March 1992, Fisher was 17 at the time.[9][10][11]
‘I got interested in this question because I was interested in equality of opportunity,’ he says.
Once he got thinking, Swift could see that the issue stretches well beyond the fact that some families can afford private schooling, nannies, tutors, and houses in good suburbs. Functional family interactions—from going to the cricket to reading bedtime stories—form a largely unseen but palpable fault line between families. The consequence is a gap in social mobility and equality that can last for generations.
‘The evidence shows that the difference between those who get bedtime stories and those who don’t—the difference in their life chances—is bigger than the difference between those who get elite private schooling and those that don’t,’ he says.
‘We could prevent elite private schooling without any real hit to healthy family relationships, whereas if we say that you can’t read bedtime stories to your kids because it’s not fair that some kids get them and others don’t, then that would be too big a hit at the core of family life.’
‘When we talk about parents’ rights, we’re talking about the person who is parenting the child. How you got to be parenting the child is another issue. One implication of our theory is that it’s not one’s biological relation that does much work in justifying your rights with respect to how the child is parented.’
Programmers work is continuous improvement. Every day a new technology or programming language is born, languages we use gets updated, a new functionality is added to libraries or frameworks. So it’s important to boost your knowledge. And it’s crucial to understand that every new skill is an investment in your career.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Of course, Mr Bernanke allowed, the world could get into trouble if big, fast-growing economies like China decided to save huge amounts of money by buying rich-country debt, in order to depress the value of their currencies and boost their exports. If governments were interfering in the market like that then capital might not flow the right way and secular stagnation might stick around. But the way to solve that problem, he argues, is not through deficit-financed demand stimulus but by leaning on the Chinas of the world to knock it off.
Into the discussion, then, plunges Mr Krugman. He points out that China is only part of the problem. Europe is increasingly the source of the demand drain, and Europe is not out there accumulating American debt (as China's government did in the 2000s). Instead, the euro-area economy is falling into a Japan-like trap. It is stagnating secularly, suffering from weak domestic demand while stuck with interest rates near zero. But even though the euro has fallen a lot against the dollar, it probably hasn't fallen by enough to get Europe out of its trouble.
Mr Bernanke's solution, to lean on currency manipulators, is probably not going to do the trick. It isn't clear that Chinese consumers are capable of driving forward the global economy. America could ask Europe and Japan to halt their quantitative easing programmes, which should push their currencies higher relative to the dollar. But that move would almost certainly lead to galloping deflation in both economies and a serious recession (and possibly a break-up) in Europe. That seems a poor way to get Europeans splashing out on new goods.
The GB Boy Colour, in addition to playing original Game Boy and Game Boy Color cartridges, supports multiplayer via link-cable, has a headphone jack, and can be powered via AC adapter. It does have an infrared lens, but there don't appear to be any infrared LEDs inside. Physically, it's practically identical to the real thing, though it is slightly bigger, and has a rectangular screen which distorts the graphics ever so slightly. The buttons don't quite live up to Nintendo standards, but clones never do. They're less mushy and more firm (which makes quickly rocking the D-Pad a little more difficult), but they're not terrible by any means and are quite comfortable. Unlike a lot of knockoff handhelds, this one is surprisingly well built. It's got some weight to it and doesn't feel like it'll crumble under the force of your thumbs. The battery life is excellent, giving enough playtime even on store-brand batteries to play through the majority of Link's Awakening, and the speaker is significantly louder than that on the original GBC. When they're almost out of juice, the system will repeatedly reset to the boot screen.
Update: I've finally got my hands on one with 188 built-in games. It should come as no surprise, but the list is only 66 games long, repeated 3 times. Even so, you can't go wrong for the low $30 price tag for a quality backlit GBC clone with 66 built-in games with the option of playing carts as well. Below is a list of the included games:
Have you ever got the feeling, that something just does not belong? A sale stunt for the biggest market on Earth became an every hour reality on all servers. I’m afraid, I cannot be helped being opinionated, but the first introduction of the Type marked not only one of the biggest financial successes of Wargaming but the darkest hour for game balance.
In the final, Scott Speed only needed a top eight finish to clinch the title. Despite that, the former F1 driver launched into an early lead, although he didn’t keep it for long. Joni Wiman and Sebastian Eriksson soon got by Speed, who looked to be playing the conservative game with the championship on his mind.
He questioned the logic behind issuing EWS certificates to candidates who 'didn't even get a favourable verification report'.
In order to get these certificates, one would have to go through an extensive network of touts that is forever present around the offices of the subdivisional magistrate and district collector in the city. access to several government schemes and benefits.
Ultimately Ballard will be judged by how his offseason efforts translate to the field, of course. If the defensive acquisitions wind up being disappointing and the offensive line turns out to be a problem, there will probably be some criticism thrown his way. On paper though, the Colts got a lot right this offseason. The defense may not prove to be where they want it to be, but the first step in rebuilding the unit was completed, and that was to get younger, deeper and more athletic. If the free agent signings don't work out, the contracts the Colts handed out will allow them to move on fairly easily. And Ballard stuck to his mantra of competition on the offensive side of the ball as well, adding players who could at least turn out to be key depth pieces in WR Kamar Aiken, OL Brian Schwenke, OT Zach Banner, and RB Marlon Mack.
My two primary concerns are weight – without the frame and hip support of the hiking pack, I will be carrying all of the weight on my shoulders and back which could get painful if we find ourselves walking long distances. Last night I filled it to the brim, walked 1.5 miles around Rachel’s parents house in Buffalo and found that I was able to manage the 23 pounds without any soreness.
To quote Dr. Marshall Goldsmith: “What got you here what get you there”.
All the attention buoyed the PieLab collaborators. But it also created problems. When Project M first arrived in Greensboro, some folk bristled at the language it employed. The conflicts began with the 2007 Buy-a-Meter project. To get the initiative under way, Project M used stark black-and-white photos (and starker messages) to draw attention to area families who lacked access to the municipal water supply. The pamphlet campaign raised about $50,000. HERO, working in conjunction with Project M, used this money to purchase and install more than 100 water meters. Beyond Alabama, Buy-a-Meter was celebrated as a financial and critical success. But back home, the slogan — “In Hale County, Alabama, Water Is Not a Right,” splayed across a gatefold photograph of Greensboro’s Main Street — did not always play so well. Tensions increased when a group of designers proposed a National Design Center for Rural Poverty Programs in Greensboro. To make clear the need, they described Hale County as a place where an “impoverished population suffers from substandard housing, education, health care and job opportunities.”
“I understand what they intended,” Winnie Cobbs said. “It was playful and frivolous. I got the Marie Antoinette reference. It takes us back to the time of the French Revolution. But you have to pick your place to use that word. And posters, plastered around this town, would not have been that place.”
Ann Langford still keeps a rolled copy beneath her desk at the courthouse. “I can’t take a poster with that word on it home,” she said. Langford understands youthful indiscretion. Yet she still gets agitated when she talks about the incident.
When Dorr talks about PieLab, she typically drops the word “lab” and the baggage associated with it. As in, “Let’s go down to Pie and get a slice.” Or, “Modern Woodmen of America are having their lunch meeting at Pie.” Or, “Let’s go see what the girls are up to down at Pie.”
The increased workload isn’t all bad. Doing standup and having more time with the show will allow her to get out what she’s been thinking about all summer.
“The show always gets a lot of attention in a political season. It’s such a politically driven show and we talk a lot about what’s happening of course and people will be watching to see what we’re going to do and say. That will be fun,” said the 30-year-old Indianapolis native, who was hired in the middle of the 2014-15 season to help add some diversity to the cast.
“I took a class to see what it was all about and got hooked immediately. I went through the whole program and made a home there and realized that comedy was where I was headed,” she said.
Ms. Zamata heads back to ‘SNL’ the last week of September to get ready for its 42nd season. She says working on the show, with all of its late-night writing sessions, subsisting on takeout food and jockeying for laughs, is an experience like no other.
She still gets butterflies when the red light goes on at 11:30 p.m. and thinks she should.
Investment Property Advisors recently asked the St. Matthews City Council to delay acting on its pending development plan until it can get more input from residents.
“There are lots of people who want me to stay. If you talk, you can reach an understanding. I am sure that if I sat down with them all, it would be different. There are people in Spain whose positions are very diverse and if you talk, you can find a solution. I’d like people to listen and think: ‘What he says is reasonable.’ And the Sergio Ramos thing is a myth. I’ve said it 15,000 times: we get on fantastically well. In fact we’re going to go into business together.
And who would he choose to play for if Catalonia did get independence, he was asked.? “I imagine it would be a process of three or four years, like Brexit,” he said. “I’ll be 33, so I haven’t really thought about it.”
“We just get along really well and I’m enjoying the experience playing with her again.” — Courtney Raetzman
“If you want to be a pro, there’s a level of work and a level of attention to detail that is involved. I’m going to help you get there but you are really going to need to focus on being your best,” Jon Lipsitz, head women’s soccer coach at the University of Kentucky said.
“And it can’t be just about the three, four months of the college season. If you want to be a pro, you have got to act like that and train like that on a year-round cycle. It doesn’t mean you have to be your best every day, there’s always ups and downs, but you have got to be training at that level. And we are excited that is something that we are creating here at Kentucky.“
Gilliland, now in her second year with the Red Stars, and a two-time All-American in college, credited the way the Kentucky program has established itself as a strong program and was surrounded by great players, which helped her improve to get to the next level.
“When you have that, your team starts to get better and go farther. Like making the NCAA Tournament, and making the second round, and third round. I think people took notice of that and realized like ‘Oh, wow, where did Kentucky come from? I want to go there.’ and then that’s when we started getting real quality into our program.”
“I played almost every position while at Kentucky and I think that is one of the best things that could have happened to me because I got better well-rounded,” she said. “I carved myself to be able to do every trait there is and maybe I’m not the best at every trait, but at least I can do all of them. So I think that was the best thing that he taught me while I was there.”
“Our relationship goes way back but when the relationship got to the point where we truly got to know each other so much better was in the last few years when this started happening,” he said. ‘I felt from very early on that Chicago was the right place for Gilly. I felt like how much he believes in the wide backs attacking and being a key part of the attack. So when that worked out, we talked about it a lot beforehand and since then, and that continued this past year with questions about Courtney and her development.”
“It’s been a great experience,” Raetzman said. “I’ve dreamed of doing this since I was a little girl so to actually get this opportunity to live out my dream, I can’t ask for anything better than that, and to be playing with such great soccer players all around and everyone who has also had the same dream, it’s kind of awesome.”
“For a team that has got a lot of very, very good soccer players with very good soccer IQs, rather than being that blue-collar team [from 2015] that pushed through to get results — that’s still something we still want to have but we are trying to evolve ourselves to being a blue-collar, soccer-minded team — I think we have been struggling to find our identity with that and to make it work, but it has been coming together these past few games and our practices have been really good,” she said.
“Arin and I have always gotten along great. Whenever we are with each other, our relationship grows,” said Raetzman. “We spent one of our whole summers in Canada playing soccer together and I think that really helped our relationship. We just get along really well and I’m enjoying the experience playing with her again. I look to her for guidance and help since she has gone through a lot and has been in the NWSL longer than I have, so I can definitely go to her and ask her questions and she is always there for me.”
“[Arin] is ready for the moment and that time but that is up to the national staff to decide, and I respect them and when they decide that Gilly can be successful at that level, they will call her. She has dramatically changed her level to play technically and to connect, and I know Rory is really working with her about what she needs to do to get to that level.”
Let Congress and the high court debate the justification for martial law. But, as citizens of this republic, let us not waste our breaths supplying the reasons for why we need martial law. That is how we get accustomed to losing our freedoms. Let us remain focused instead on what we need to do to defend what remains of our democracy.
"You can get a double-digit pay increases," she said.
The search for generic computational methods that could be used across narratives focused attention in the 1970s on planning formalisms. The spotlight has remained there ever since, although the planning techniques have evolved to accommodate ever-wider narratological concerns. In planning terms, to understand a story requires inferring, based on the Aristotelian notion of mythos, the causes of the events in the story and the goals of the characters involved – in effect, reconstructing from the sentences in the sujet a plan that corresponds to a causal chain of events (or operators) that can transform the initial state of the storyworld into the final state. The inferred events in the chain can include mental states and actions that may or may not be explicitly mentioned in the sujet. Story understanding systems (e.g. Wilensky Wilensky, Robert W. (1978). “Understanding Goal-based Stories.” Yale University Computer Science Research Report. 1978 ) never got very far, since (i) inferring characters’ goals involves a large search space and the inferences may need to be revised during processing and (ii) humans use a great deal of knowledge to interpret even simple stories. Given Forster’s exemplifying sentence “The king died and the queen died of grief,” a child has no difficulty figuring out why the queen was upset, but imparting a body of such commonsense knowledge to a computer is difficult; (iii) aspects of language that are hard to formalize but that are important for story interpretation, such as humor, irony, and subtle lexical associations, have by and large eluded computational approaches.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
His details could equally have got into the database in other ways. Few of Afghanistan's 30m people have a birth certificate, a second name or can read. Yet America's army and the Afghan government have collected digital records of more than 2.5m of them. Anyone arrested or imprisoned, or who seeks to join the army or police, is scanned. So are those, such as labourers, who attempt to get into a coalition military base. Each is checked against watchlists of suspects. Last year biometric machines were also put at all border crossings. In hotly contested areas any “fighting-age males”, meaning those between 15 and 70, may be scanned compulsorily.
Everyone who has and will donate is going to get a credit on the videos when released. The bigger the donation the bigger the credit text. I will contact donors when in editing process around the end of June or early July.
“I’m one of the lucky ones because I get a decent disability check and I have a part time job that’s helping me get by and I have Medicare now, but there are so many other people that don’t have that – children, mothers, parents, seniors, people with physical disabilities, mental health disabilities, they’re all disregarded.”
“I take care of everything for him,” said Walker. “I worry about what’s going to happen to him when I’m not around, and I worry he can’t get his medicine.”
“I wanted to let Congressman Poliquin know how bad his vote for the AHCA hurts my patients. It hurts the older patients the most. It hurts my younger patients. It hurts my patients who get their insurance through the exchanges or through MaineCare or through their workplace insurance,” said Lupinetti. “Maybe I have a billionaire or two that I take care of. Maybe those patients benefit from Congressman Poliquin’s actions, nobody else. Congressman Poliquin is dangerous for seniors. He’s dangerous for Maine.”
Hurley says he wants the project to raise awareness about what some hyped technologies — like drones — can actually accomplish in the real world, and to start realistic discussions about public response to technology and regulation. It certainly got people talking at SXSW, but the specifics of the discourse he wanted to spark seemed a little vague to me.
"The energy is there," Bert Hamelers, a program director at Wetsus, the Center of Excellence for Sustainable Water Technology in the Netherlands, who led the research, told NBC News. "Only you need a turbine to get it."
The system he and colleagues devised to get energy from CO2 involves alternately mixing water or another liquid solution with combustion gas containing a high concentration of CO2 such as that from a power plant and air with a low concentration of the gas.
Like wringing energy from the wind, harvesting energy from CO2 does not increase greenhouse gas emissions. "For the same CO2 emissions," he said," you get more energy."
The approach, he emphasized, does not get rid of the CO2. "You use the energy that is now wasted. You bring it in and get the extra energy out, but you cannot sequester it."
If the NTIA suddenly gets funded and issues all its coupons, consumers could deplete the stores within weeks. But Petricone predicts that manufacturers will probably be able to fast track the production of the boxes, in large part because the recession has shut down demand for other products. The economic downturn has created "a virtually unprecedented level of excess manufacturing capacity," which means that "manufacturing lines can be turned on immediately" for set top boxes.
Mallozzi went on to say that he pitched a much shorter final season to Syfy to wrap up the story, which was left on a cliffhanger. Unfortunately, they weren't interested in doing that, so he's now attempting to get another network to step up to the plate and save the show.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The media regulator Ofcom will also get new powers to suspend broadcasters who include “unacceptable extremist material”. In February, the regulator slammed Islamic channel Peace TV, which broadcasts to the UK, for including anti-Semitic material and blaming Jews for the Holocaust. It is run by a hate preacher who was banned from the UK in 2010.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
The authors discuss ways in which the implementation of the diffusion operator can be more accurately expressed. This might well be the case (we need to study it more). But it should not impact the final conclusions because we adjust the assumed effective diffusivities to best match the observations of how the ocean warms and cools at various depths. If there was a bias in the numerical implementation of the diffusion operator (even off by a fact of 10), then the effective diffusivity values will simply adjust until the model matches the observations. The important thing is that, as the surface warms, the extra heat is mixed downward in a fashion which matches the observations. Arguing over the numerical implementation obscures this basic fact. Finally, a better implementation of diffusivity calculation still must then be run with a variety of effective diffusivities (and climate sensitivities) until a match with the observations has been obtained, which as far as we can tell the authors did not do. The same would apply to a 3D model simulation…when one major change is implemented, other model changes are often necessary to get realistic results.
If our model is so far from reality, maybe Abraham et al. can tell us why the model works when we run it in the non-ENSO mode (mainly greenhouse gas, aerosol, and volcanic forcing) , yielding a climate sensitivity similar to many of the CMIP models (2.2 deg. C). If the model deficiencies are that great, shouldn’t the model lead to a biased result for this simple case? Again, they cannot obtain a “corrected” model run by changing only one thing (e.g. the numerical diffusion scheme) without sweeping the other model parameters (e.g. the effective diffusivities) to get a best match to the observations.
“We got no answers to our questions about why these kids were suspended when they were just found [innocent] by the law,” Wolitarsky said. “He basically told us that he didn’t have answers, and that led us to believe that this is kind of unjust. He has the power to reverse this, and he won’t.”
“All these kids’ reputations are destroyed,” Leidner said. “Their names are destroyed, and it’s extremely difficult to get back, and it’s very unfair for them and that’s why we’re sticking together through this thing.”
In case you’ve been under a rock the last 12 hours—or asleep, which is understandable—the game’s making headlines: I’ve seen everything from the wink-wink “Super ‘Bowl’” to the less discrete “Pot Bowl,” “Weed Bowl” and “Bong Bowl.” Yes, both Colorado and Washington have legalized recreational marijuana. We know this. Since partaking in the substance will land you in the clink everywhere else, I’m officially hijacking this line of thinking and dubbing the upcoming event based on something else those two states are know for: hops. Let’s get ready for the Hop Bowl (I know it doesn’t make any sense, but let’s run with it).
“The model that’s been created by ESPN is now being replicated by other programmers. Meaning the problem is only going to get worse as each one of these companies compete for sports right to carry programming,” Polka said. “I see price of sports skyrocketing with Fox and NBC competitors to ESPN.”
“The bill would have a long road to passage, but what’s important now is for discussion to begin in earnest,” Polka said. “There really is a role for Congress. Even though the marketplace is changing, it’s likely not going to change fast enough as content companies continue to get bigger and demand higher fees, bundle more programming and sports becomes a bigger part of their offerings.”
It's no secret that the traditional political parties have developed rigid viewpoints. After an election, these parties get to decide who has access and control over their party's Representatives. This is why Congress frustrates us. They are failing the greater majority, the 7 out of 10 Americans who now feel that they have no representation in Congress - even those who voted for the "winners".
There was yet another potential bit of 'collateral damage' in the ongoing WikiLeaks drama that has largely gone overlooked. Since it is preposterous to think that Russia would have any need or desire to influence the US elections, nor has there been a single piece of convincing evidence to support the claim, WikiLeaks somehow managed to get the leaked documents. Why not from a DNC insider? In fact, why not from Seth Rich, the director of voter expansion with DNC who would have had access to the incriminating emails?
We would be fools to let them get away with such deliberate deception again.
Lastly, if you don’t have coconut cream or full-fat coconut milk at hand, you can use a little bit of plant-based milk and some more coconut oil to get the right consistency.
There are such subtle story-lines throughout the piece. On the right side of the cab are a series of images: the first panel features a small image of a termite; the middle panel depicts a child eating crayons, and the last (at the front of the cab) shows a mustached man eating an ear of corn. Decoded: the termite “harvests” as it eats its surroundings; a small child mouths things as a way to understand and explore; and, after tens of thousands of years, humans finally figured out how to effectively combine the two impulses in the act of tending crops. Read from left to right the series gets further and further from direct interaction with one’s surroundings. More intriguing, when read from right to left the viewer gets more and more uncomfortable as it transitions from a normal meal, to a parent’s concern of germs, ending in the disgust that insects bring.
More importantly, the president's statement and executive order gave the administration permission to do things it doesn't normally get to do.
We can get the server running just using docker:
Note that this command may take a while, since the server will have to get the python driver the first time it runs.
Methamphetamine also produces high-strung children similar in many ways to crack babies. There are two possible mechanisms by which meth may complicate pregnancy. The first if vascular, which leads to reduced blood flow to the fetus. The second is a direct toxic effect on the developing fetal brain. The impact of reduced blood flow in a developing fetus can be manifested by significant limb reduction deformities. The tendency to sleep nearly all the time exists during the first month of life. Babies sleep so deeply that the jaws must be pried open to get the baby to suck. Meth babies also exhibit a pronounced aversion to being touched on the head or feet. Jannie M. Sims, child psychologist states, "You think of a cocaine baby as the worst that it could be." She paused then added simply, "They're not."
The year is 2011, and young Rodrigo is dancing around in his chair as I try to get him to focus on our English lesson.
In Spanish, however, the word for “people” (la gente) is singular. Yes, it’s a strange concept to get used to at first, but once you get the hang of it the word shouldn’t cause you any more trouble.
Here are two examples to get you more comfortable with the idea:
Take a closer look at these examples to get a better feel for the concept.
Also today, Spectra Logic launched its pre-payment program for the LTO-8. This program allows for Spectra customers to be the first to get their hands on the new higher capacity tape drives. The LTO-8 will work with Spectra’s BlueScale library software as well as all of Spectra’s tape libraries. Spectra Logic announced their MigrationPass program to provide customers with customized options for their LTO-4, LTO-5 and LTO-6 tape to easily migrate data to the newest LTO tape technology.
“The fact that trade has a net positive effect in the economy is no consolation for the guy who lost his job due to cheaper imports,” Azevedo said. “That’s something that governments need to be mindful of. They have to prepare those people for new opportunities, new jobs, retrain them, which is not easy — easier said than done. And in many instances you have to provide … temporary support to help them to wait and get another job … which will probably be not as well paid as the previous job. It's a complex equation."
So it’s no surprise that U.S. airlines are now stumbling over one another to get out of Cuba. U.S.-Cuba air capacity this fall will be down at least 20% from what it was at the start of 2017. And nearly all service to Cuban destinations other than the capitol city, Havana, either already has been discontinued or soon will be. On paper several carriers are requesting more service rights to fly to Havana. But, again, those requests, which aren’t being pursued with any real fervency, are being made not because the carriers think they can make money flying to Havana today (or any time soon), but to lay claim to assets (route rights) that are limited and which eventually might be worth something.
“We never saw daylight or heard music, and it was normal for girls to fall ill and never be seen again. Sometimes, we used massive industrial irons to press sheets for local hotels. They were raging hot and you had to concentrate hard to make sure your hands didn’t get caught. The steam nearly took your skin off. In the end we got used to getting burned — it was part of everyday life.”
P.S. If you want a haunt-your-dreams glimpse of what life was like in the Magdalene Laundries, get your hands on a copy of The Magdalene Sisters, the critically acclaimed movie by Peter Mullan. Highly recommended.
Eight people fell victim to armed gunmen Friday into Saturday morning in five separate robberies that were reported in different areas of New Orleans. New Orleans police said the armed robberies were reported between 10:30 a.m. Friday and 4 a.m. Saturday in areas including the Upper Ninth Ward and Gentilly. The first robbery was reported just before 10:30 a.m. in the 1100 block of Louisa Street. Police said a 32-year-old man was approached by two or three men who struck him several times with a gun. The robbers took the victim's bicycle and money before leaving. Officials said the second robbery was reported after 2 p.m. in the 5100 block of Arts Street. The victim, a 19-year-old man, was robbed at gunpoint by two people whom police said he knows. The third robbery was reported after 5:30 p.m. in the 6000 block of Wildair Drive. Detectives said two men and a woman were in a vehicle when three men surrounded them. One of the culprits took out a gun and demanded their property. Police said the victims complied and the men left in a vehicle. Over near Delgado Community College, officials said the fourth robbery was reported just after 1:30 a.m. in the 5400 block of Vicksburg Street. Two men with guns approached a 47-year-old man who was sitting on his front porch. Detectives said the man demanded the victim's belongings. The man brought both men inside his home to get his money. Once the robbers were inside, the two met met with another man and demanded his money. Both robbers left the home with items that belonged to the two men, police said. The fifth robbery was reported just after 4 a.m. in the 1800 block of Henriette Delille Street. Detectives said a 57-year-old man was approached by two men, one of whom struck him in the head with a blunt object and demanded his property. Officials said the victim complied and the two robbers left with his bicycle and other property. Additional details about the robberies have not been released. Detectives have not provided descriptions of the robbers. Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
The most obvious player to move is Chris Phillips, a UFA July 1. Phillips and Murray have recently chatted, the GM asking the veteran defenseman to get back to him by the end of next week on whether he'd waive his no-trade clause. Montreal and Boston are among several teams that have shown interest, league sources told ESPN.com. The Habs make sense for him because his family wouldn't even have to move for now with the Canadiens just 90 minutes down the highway. The Bruins have obvious connections with former Senators teammate Zdeno Chara and GM (and former Sens executive) Peter Chiarelli.
Expect to see Ray Emery sign a one-year, two-way deal Sunday or Monday with the Anaheim Ducks. Emery will begin his comeback in the AHL, but to do that, he will need to clear NHL waivers because he's a veteran. He could avoid waivers if the Ducks simply assign him to a two-week conditioning assignment, but everyone involved, most notably Emery, feels he'll need more time than that to get his game back.
On the Tomas Kaberle front, status quo as of Saturday. There has not been a list of teams handed to Toronto from the Kaberle camp (he's got a no-trade clause). My sense is that Toronto is just going to have to go to him and agent Rick Curran closer to the trade deadline with the best offer they've got and run it by him.
So what now for the Bruins? They've got major cap savings to spend. I'm told they'll be on the lookout for both a defenseman and a forward.
"At this time, unless I get bad news on the rehab front between now and the deadline on Chris Osgood, I'm not looking to do anything in goal," Holland told ESPN.com Friday.
I told him he's got lots of people back in North America who miss having him around.
"If I had a chance to join a team that has a chance to win, maybe I'd think about it," Jagr said. "I'd like to go on a team that has a chance to win the Stanley Cup or at least get into the playoffs and go far. I'd like just to help a team like that on the second or third line."
ALEXANDRIA, Virginia (Reuters) - A Michigan man was sentenced on Friday to four years in prison for trying to get a job with the CIA so he could spy for China, just as Chinese President Hu Jintao was wrapping up his U.S. visit.
Shriver said at the sentencing hearing he made a “terrible decision” to try to spy for China and “somewhere along the way I got into bed with the wrong people.”
I've learned to do a lot of things when I'm stoned and seem to function well in all spheres of activity. I can also "turn off" a high when that seems necessary. The one problem I have, however, is talking to straight people when I don't want them to know I'm stoned. It's really scary because you constantly imagine you're talking nonsense and that the other person is going to realize you're high. That's never happened, though, so I conclude that I don't sound as crazy to others as I do to myself. It's worst on the telephone. Someone will call up and be talking to me, and when he stops I'll have no idea what he just said. Then I don't know what I'm supposed to answer and I have to stall until I get a clue as to what's expected of me. Again, even though this is very disconcerting, the other party never seems to notice that anything's wrong unless he's a heavy grass smoker, too, and then it doesn't matter. 1
The humans live in time, but our Enemy destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself and to that point of time which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which our Enemy has of reality as a whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered them. He would therefore have them continually concerned either with eternity (which means being concerned with Him) or with the Present--either meditating on their eternal union with, or separation from, Himself, or else obeying the present voice of conscience, bearing the present cross, receiving the present grace, giving thanks for the present pleasure. Our business is to get them away from the eternal and from the Present. 4
It would make more sense to look for effects not on the ear but rather on that part of the brain that processes auditory information. Cannabis seems to affect the secondary perception of sensory information, not the primary reception of it. Unfortunately, it is considerably harder to study secondary perception because the neural organization underlying it is less accessible to direct experimentation and much less well understood. A working hypothesis is that incoming sensory information (such as auditory signals representing music) normally follows conditioned pathways through the secondary perception network in order to get to consciousness. Under Cannabis, which might interfere with this normal processing, information may take novel routes to consciousness and thus be perceived in novel ways. Such a model would explain why users often say that under Cannabis they see things for the first time "as they really are," or why they dwell on aspects of complex visual or auditory stimuli they would ordinarily ignore. 7
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
A soldier may have been well enough to get into the military and be sent into battle (often multiple times). But once they're ready to be discharged and are experiencing symptoms of PTSD or other behavioral problems, the military often "discovers" they had an underlying mental illness or disorder that should have disqualified them from service in the first place--leaving them potentially ineligible for benefits at the time they need help the most.
Soldier John Needham, who allegedly beat a woman to death in 2008, had, according to his father, repeatedly tried to get treatment for his post-traumatic stress disorder.
His family was unable to get John the intensive help he was in need of and, within two months of his honorable discharge, John Needham attacked police at his home--while nude and drunk. In another room, the police found 19-year-old Jacqwelyn Villagomez, who had been severely beaten. She later died.
While rushing to get the exchange done, programmers and project managers also were busy with separate complex computer projects for the Oregon Health Authority and the Department of Human Services.
Fauver said “we’re confident that we will get the system up and running here in the near future” and that it “will be something we can be really proud of.”
“It is a complex system,” Kitzhaber said at a recent news conference when asked whether the state took on too much complexity. “But I think once we get through this initial rollout phase it’s going to be a real asset for us.”
Heaving a sigh, Anna shut her eyes for a moment as she lowered the list. She was skipping Weselton's class to be here (and though she'd use any excuse to get out of that toad's class, it was still unfortunate because she had like, exams and shit coming up) (it didn't stop Rapunzel from offering to tag along. Legit, any excuse—and it seemed to go for everyone).
Anna groaned and could only hope that the smell of the food court hadn't lured her. She'd have no idea how she'd explain that. Before she could get too worked up, however, her pocked vibrated, emanating a small ding to indicate that she'd received a message. Thanking the heaven's for modern technology, Anna opened up the text and spent a few seconds actually deciphering it.
heya elsa followed me. come get her pls shes annoygn a baby and idk what to do
She had to navigate her way through a rather dense crowd of children and mothers with prams (also, pregnant people? what was with all the babies?) to get to Elsa, who was rubbing her face into a rather expensive quilt that was spread across and even more costly mattress.
"Hey, Elsa," she said to the girl next to her. "Don't leave my side, okay? It's really big and we don't want you to get lost. Okay?"
Anna let out a little smile. "Yeah. Okay, the first thing we have to get you is some underwear."
Getting the underwear was simple. All Anna had to do was find her own size and buy one of the pre-packed five-pairs-for-ten-bucks (she wore the same ones. She made sure to get different colours, though).
"Elsa, please. Come on, you've got to-"
"It's okay, Elsa. I forgive you. It was an accident." She gave Elsa a small smile, pleased to see it echoed on the blonde girl's face. "Now... please will you at least get one?"
An hour and five bra mishaps later, Anna and Elsa finally walked out of the store. Mishaps like Elsa running out in a panic because she couldn't get one of them off, and like her running out of the store in pure excitement because she heard the Salvos bells ringing and she couldn't resist. Anna had thrown her wallet at the cashier as collateral while she chased down her half-naked charge. Thankfully, Elsa had become distracted by one of the swirly-donation boxes that looking like a coin was going down a drain. She had to drag Elsa into the nearest bathroom just so she could shove a shirt onto her.
On the way to the huge department store at the end of the complex, Anna wondered if she could actually put a leash on Elsa's collar, because the girl seemed to have the fantastic ability to not listen to a single word Anna was saying and wander off. Honestly, she wasn't causing any harm, it was just incredibly stressful. Watching her toddle after little children was cute (until she got a 'stern talking to' by an angry mother about being a 'paedophile' and 'kidnapper' and promptly burst into tears because of it. She didn't know why she was getting into trouble! That wasn't fair. All she'd been doing was watching the kid as he attempted to eat his own toes. Y'know. Kid stuff).
"No, Elsa. You weren't bad at all. That lady was mean, wasn't she?" Elsa nodded. "And you know, yelling at people doesn't solve anything coz they just get sad and upset." Anna brought her hand up and wiped a stray tear that trickled down Elsa's cheek. "You know what you should do when someone says something mean?"
"Elsa get biscetti?" she asked, and Anna couldn't help the eye-roll, topped off with a small grin.
"Of course you can get biscetti," she said. "Or maybe you want something else? Like a burger?" Elsa shook her head. "A sandwich? Pizza? Chinese food?" Elsa shook her head to all three.
It sort of did matter, though. Anna was trying to get Elsa used to people, especially people Anna knew and was close with. She didn't need Eugene—Flynn—corrupting her so early in her development. She needed Elsa to-
"Shh, Elsa. What is it? What did he do?" Anna asked, taking Elsa's head in her hands. Anything to calm the girl down and get the attention away from them. Everyone probably thought that she was a little special (and she was, in a way. Anna couldn't imagine that there were too many people that were once dogs living in her area).
Anna nodded emphatically. "Yep. Let's go get you a taco."
Naturally, the sour cream when up her nose and she panicked trying to get it out before Anna held a tissue in front of her nose and told her to blow. Elsa had dived right back into her food, a happy smile on her face as she chewed with her mouth open and Rapunzel and Eugene stared.
Eugene shrugged. "Because you live on campus in a single-person dorm. There's barely enough room for you in there, let alone another person. And let's be reasonable, it's not like the campus police are happy about freeloaders. How you got permission is beyond me." He scratched the back of his head. "Anyway, I better go. Helping out at the store today coz one of the other guys called in sick. I'll see ya around." He bent down a gave Rapunzel a kiss on her cheek. "It was nice meeting you, Els-"
“It’s really a great study in how to operate a franchise,’’ said Bill Polian, a longtime NFL exec with the Bills and Colts and now an ESPN analyst. “ … They’ve got a great working relationship with a great understanding of what fits their system, and they’ve executed it perfectly.”
But Carroll, having been fired already by the Jets and Patriots, had a clearer understanding when he got to Seattle of what he thought would work.
IBM "continues to demonstrate the way to get to personalization in the world is by taking cloud platforms and infusing them with cognition and delivering them as a service. Much of what they do seems to reinforce this," Goodman said. "I fully expect IBM and other more established players in the digital age to take on new roles in the ecosystem in a nontraditional way to their DNA."
It's always fun to remember stories like the following one the next time you hear some RIAA exec claim that it represents musicians. The RIAA represents the record labels and record labels are continually at odds with musicians -- sometimes to extreme levels. Wired reported that EMI/Virgin Records had sued the band 30 Seconds To Mars for $30 million recently. The band is apparently fronted by movie star Jared Leto, and is considered something of a success. Its last album went platinum and won some awards. So why the lawsuit? Well, EMI implied that the band failed to deliver its latest record on time, but members of the band have now responded with a very different story. Wired now points us to the response from 30 Seconds To Mars , where the band notes that the lawsuit appears to have a lot more to do with the band opting out of its contract. The band points out that, under California law, a contract of more than seven years is not valid -- and the contract EMI held with the band was for nine years.So why opt out? Perhaps this has something to do with it:This is, of course, rather par for the course in the recording industry. As Courtney Love explained years ago , it's quite rare for a recording artist to ever see a dime of royalties from selling music. The label gives the band an "advance" which really isn't that much, and then uses some funky accounting tricks to claim all of the band's royalties as paying off that advance as well as covering other fees involved in the marketing and distribution of the album. In this case, apparently, despite selling 2 million records, EMI is still claiming that the band has $1.4 million to pay back. Not so long ago, we noted that Lyle Lovett was in the same boat : 4.6 million albums sold, no royalties paid.So, at what point will the press and politicians stop buying the RIAA's claims that it's looking out for the musicians and trying to get them paid? The RIAA has always been in the business ofpaying musicians.
White says the meeting was similar to conversations he’s had about Nelson in private and public, and that his long term goals for him are always the same: take fighting more seriously, get in shape, and make a run at this thing or it may not work out.
“We had a conversation with him. I’ve said it a million times, I’ve said it to him and I’ll say it again in public, I respect him, he’s got an incredible chin, he’s got punching power, and I always talk about him taking his career serious and not training in his garage, and being in really good shape. The guy is tough,” White said after UFC 146 ended.
“When he shows up and asking me why he doesn’t have any sponsors, and how can I help him. I’m not a fan, I don’t even know what that is, I think that thing is beyond a mullet, I don’t know what the hell that is now. It looks like a wig, he’s got the big beard, his beard is grey,” White said describing Nelson’s appearance.
Breazeal, a keynoter here, is dead serious about Jibo's future as a humanized robotic member of the household, an engaging companion to teach first grade math to your kid, to remind grandma to take her medicine and to make sure you get the groceries you need.
I recall telling the President at the time, as we were driving back to our headquarters, that, after Stalin left the room and got back to his own headquarters, it would dawn on him, and the following day the President would have a lot of questions to answer. President Truman thought that most probable. He devoted some time in talking to me that evening as to how far he could go — or should go.
In his memoirs, Truman wrote that he told Stalin that the United States had “a new weapon of unusual destructive force.” Apparently, the President did not tell Stalin the new weapon was an atomic bomb, and the Soviet leader did not ask or show any special interest. He merely nodded and said something. “All he said was that he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make good use of it against the Japanese,” Truman wrote. Across the room, I watched Stalin’s face carefully as the President broke the news. So offhand was Stalin’s response that there was some question in my mind whether the President’s message had got through. I should have known better than to underrate the dictator. Years later, Marshal Georgi K. Zhukov, in his memoirs, disclosed that that night Stalin ordered a telegram sent to those working on the atomic bomb in Russia to hurry with the job.
In actual fact, on returning to his quarters after this meeting Stalin, in my presence, told Molotov about his conversation with Truman. The latter reacted almost immediately. “Let them. We’ll have to talk it over with Kurchatov and get him to speed things up.”
Several secret coded telegrams sent by the Nizam of Hyderabad over the tense months of 1947-48, after he had declared his intention not to join India and Pakistan, also provide insights into his bitterness and his plan to hire a European prime minister for Hyderabad. The standoff finally ended after India launched Operation Polo to liberate Hyderabad in September, 1948."Gandhi has started his fast with the intention of unifying the Muslims but he is an old fool and his character is doubtful," the Nizam says in one of his several telegrams to his legal advisor Sir Walter Monckton, who played a key role in the Nizam’s negotiations with Lord Mountbatten after Hyderabad declared its intention to remain independent.In another telegram, the Nizam tells Monckton to find a European prime minister for Hyderabad, so as to further firm up his declared independence, which was being opposed by the communists, the Congress and the Indian state. "Try for dominion status for Hyderabad within the Commonwealth. Try to get a European prime minister," according to the Nizam’s telegram to Monckton.According to a note of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), these telegrams were sent by the Nizam to Monckton "in code," after the arrival of K M Munshi as India’s agent general in Hyderabad and Mahatma Gandhi’s fast.The telegrams show that the Nizam was heavily dependent on Monckton to advice him through the crisis. "Come early, the condition in the state is worsening day by day. India government is trying to strangle Hyderabad and is giving all kinds of difficulties. She is encouraging border incidents. These rascals are unnecessarily creating trouble regarding the Rs 20 crore loan to Pakistan. There was nothing wrong in transferring the Indian securities into Pakistan securities. Hyderabad is prepared for the worst. Give also this information to the authorities in England. Come early," the Nizam wires Monckton.In another telegram, the Nizam tells his advisor that Mountbatten is likely to come to Hyderabad and force it to accede to the Indian Union. "If he comes here with that intention, the condition here will worsen as the people would not like that. I have already declared my independence and I am not ready to rescind from that position and accede, whatever may happen. My people are also with me," the Nizam says. And then again appeals to Monckton to come early because Mountbatten was expected to visit in February, 1948.The Nizam also reveals in one of his telegrams that the ‘Stand Still Agreement’ signed on November 29, 1947 with India was only to "mark time".Also among the declassified documents are many other intelligence reports that bring out the deep suspicion that Indian agencies had of British officers of the Indian Army. One assessment says they are mostly "pro-Muslim and are creating as much trouble as they can before they quit India next year", and they must be sent back at the earliest.This particular report — put up by V P Menon for the perusal of Mountbatten — also talks of the need to remove the British brigadier posted in Secunderabad. Among the intelligence reports are also several inputs about the irregular fighters, communists, movement of foreign journalists and others.As tensions further mounted, in August 1948, the agent general was told in a detailed secret report that "aerial gun running is still going on between Karachi and Hyderabad. The planes are mostly landing at Warangal and occasionally at Bidar. Incidents have been reported of two and even three planes arriving the same day. It is through these planes that emissaries of Hyderabad travel to Pakistan and the places abroad".On September 18, 1948, Major General Syed Ahmed El Edroos, the commander-in-chief of the Hyderabad State Forces, surrendered his army to Indian troops under Major General J N Choudhuri, who later became the Army chief. Hyderabad became an independent state between 1948 and 1956, and then it was split up among Andhra Pradesh, Bombay — later divided into Gujarat and Maharashtra — and Karnataka.
Halfway through, at round sixteen, the player had to decide whether to get a new allocator or to stick with the old one.
Hello all,Thanks for checking out our 15th devblog! Progress is moving along nicely on 0.10.xx. We've had some feedback and the issues found are being worked on. If you're testing 0.9.22, please share any issues you find on our tracker or come share on our Discord. Below we'll discuss a few upcoming features and exactly what the team has been working on.As we discussed a bit last week, we're having a revamp on all the current structure windows. The system in place is universal which allows us to create a prefab that we can constantly update and all in game structures are affected. Our windows have always lacked any depth beyond being able to fortify them. As with most of our features, they've been in place as a base for some time but are now getting some attention and improvements.Previously, windows had no glass, no inner structure and were just an open framed hole in the wall. We've added glass and wood cross panels.This adds a great deal of depth to a structure. It also creates an additional barrier and block for the player. Players could previously make a quick escape by jumping through an open window. Now players and zombies alike will need to deal with the glass and framework.Our current kitchens are a bit static and they're also rather massive in scale. They're original models from a way's back. The team and community felt the need for an upgrade. @Rik Konings has been hard at work re-working all of our kitchen models. We'll be introducing these in coming updates with continued design work. These kitchen cabinets and appliances/fixtures will be animated. The player will see doors open or animate slightly to add a bit of life to the world.We'll soon be introducing scrap metal piles, a plan we've had from the concept. You'll see them all around the world but mostly at starting camps (also being introduced shortly). These piles will allow the player to scavenge them for chance to pick up some scrap metal. These metal scraps will be used to create a wide variety of starting items in game including axe heads, hammer heads, machetes and the newly introduced canteen.We're reworking and properly introducing our achievement system. There's a core system in place now but it needed to be shored up and Jayty has that sorted now. You'll be seeing working achievements in upcoming builds. Our new media/design intern Ids has also begun reworking our actual achievement artwork below you can see some of his concepts and our current direction with them.Jiras workflow allows us to break what needs to be done up into bit sized pieces. Large tasks are called epics and the team will set out a large set of these to work off. Each epic may have numerous issues within. Cooking Improvements, for example, would be an epic, inside of which could be numerous ‘issues’ - Import New Cooking Grill, Create Tinder from Cloth Recipe and so on. These issues are grouped together and placed into what Jira calls a sprint. The team creates these sprints based on how many points (these points basically set a difficulty level) they feel each task or issue within will take them to resolve or develop. We typically create two week long sprints. Two of them per update with a week or two to allow for revisement.Yesterday the team finished up the 'Final Fantasy' sprint and begun work on the 'Goldeneye' sprint. Below you can see exactly what went into the coming update's first sprint, Final FantasyWe'll go over how the current sprint is going, talk a little about starting camps and discuss vehicles! Believe it or not the core of the reworked backbone for vehicles will be going in very soon (some already have). The team is reworking all things vehicles and we're very excited to get the ball rolling. Here's what we're currently poking around in, for testing purposes of course! ;)Thanks much for checking on our development of Survive the Nights and, as always, thank you for the continued support. The project has come a long way and we're excited for the coming months leading up to our public alpha release!Discord: https://discord.gg/survivethenights Forum: https://community.survivethenights.net Twitter: https://twitter.com/STNgame Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/STNgame YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/a2zinteractive Website: https://www.survivethenights.net
“So just rent the equipment. Hell, rent the girl. Just put it in there and get it out there,” Colbert suggested.
Based on that fact, Colbert turned the tables in Gheen. “I’ve got to at least consider the possibility that someone found out he gets off by going to the ballpark on weekends and laying in a trough in the men’s room like a human urinal cake. I have got nothing to back that up. I just need to know that that’s not true,” he concluded.
std :: future < int > foo (); auto f = foo (); f . then ([]( std :: future < int >& f ) { // Will be called when f is done. std :: cout << f . get (); // Will therefore not block. });
As explained by Rainer Grimm, we will have the possibility to easily bring concurrency to our C++ codebases without ressorting to the low-level, and tricky to get right, features like thread and locks. While I appreciated the talk, it lacked a bit of novelty as I was already aware of most of the features.
During his presentation, Juan actively promoted value semantic over reference semantic and did so with some analogies from our physical world (from our dear philosopher Platos) and code examples. The talk quickly moved onto immutability and functionnal programming applied to user interfaces. There is a trend in the web sphere to follow a software architectural pattern called flux with a main implementation the redux framework. Arguably, flux is a glorified good old MVC (Model View Controller) architecture with a strong emphasis on the immutability of the model and strict flow on the interactions between the components of MVC. Model, View and Controller also get respectively renamed to Store, View and Dispatcher. An action submitted to the Dispatcher will update the Store with a new Store in a determinstic way, which will imply a redraw of the View.
Mr. Obama hardly created this moment, with its potent brew of Bush loathing and sweeping generational change. He simply had the vision to tap into it. Running in 2008 rather than waiting four more years was the single smartest political decision he’s made (and, yes, he’s made dumb ones too). The second smartest was to understand and emphasize that subterranean, nearly universal anticipation of change rather than settle for the narrower band of partisan, dyspeptic Bush-bashing. We don’t know yet if he’s the man who can make the moment — and won’t know unless he gets to the White House — but there’s no question that the moment has helped make the man.
A few conservatives do realize the game has changed. George Will wrote last week that Mr. Obama was Reaganesque in the stylistic sense that “his manner lulls his adversaries into underestimating his sheer toughness — the tempered steel beneath the sleek suits.” John and Cindy McCain get it too, which is why both last week made a point (he on “The Daily Show,” she on “Today”) of condemning negative campaigning. But even if Mr. McCain keeps his word and stops trying to portray Mr. Obama as the man from Hamas , he can’t disown the Limbaugh axis of right-wing race-mongering. That’s what’s left of his party’s base.
"We've been pleasantly surprised that our community that's been following us and supporting us has not gotten as weary as we thought they would get at hearing the same refrain that we're still looking for a location and going to open," he said.
About two minutes into the R-rated animated food movie Sausage Party I had a realization—the film that the trailers were advertising was not the movie I was watching. That movie, about food that realizes what happens when they get bought, looked like it has a lot of R-rated jokes, and not much else. But the real movie is so much more.
And yet, by the time the film reaches its third act, none of that matters. Directors Greg Tiernan and Conrad Verson, working from a screenplay by Rogen, Evan Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ari Shaffir, push things so, so, SO far over the edge at the end you almost won’t believe what you’re watching. It’s completely horrific and yet, you can’t stop watching, laughing, and shaking your head. Then, it keeps going. And just when you think it couldn’t get crazier, dirtier, or more stupid, it does. And then it does it again. I can safely say you have never, ever seen anything like the final act and climax of Sausage Party.
It started with transfer spending of $142M but that wasn’t sufficient to win Ligue 1. Close to $200M was spent in 2012/13 and that brought a Ligue 1 championship and got PSG to the last eight of the UEFA Champions League.
The value of the deal is larger than anything else seen in world soccer and what is more the QTA doesn’t seem to get much for their money. No naming rights, no kit deal – all PSG is obliged to do is to help promote Qatar as a tourist destination.
But it gets worse. I am sure that a number of you will have noticed a discrepancy – some of you might even have already written a comment about “lazy journalism” or “inadequate fact checking.”
So how can PSG hope to get away with something like this when UEFA Financial Fair Play (approved and signed off by over 200 of Europe’s leading clubs) and the drive towards sustainability is now a reality and 2012 is the first year of monitoring?
There again between PSG and the on-going controversy of the 2022 World Cup Finals award Qatar is guaranteed a lot of name checks. Nice to know that you get something for a few billion dollars.
A source close to Kasich responded by saying, "Their comments are demonstrably false given the effort they put forward -- and offer they made -- to get Kasich to join the ticket. They must be confusing it with the file on Manafort, which must read like a Russian novella."
“Am I going to get a ticket in the mail next for somebody running a red light?” Thomas told the Star. “What if the car was used for illegal purposes?”
A bill for $45.60 from the ETR Highway 407 shows the vehicle was twice driven on the toll highway on June 2, the day after Tomas dropped it off for cleaning. The vehicle got on at McCowan Rd., in Markham, at 7:51 a.m. and drove west across the GTA, exiting at Derry Rd. in Mississauga.
“So your point is?” Kuganesan said, as Tomas showed him the ETR tickets. “I’m not wasting my time now cause I got s--- to do,” Kuganesan said, reminding Tomas that he had not fully paid his bill.
Open Road has not yet announced a new release date for Snowden. THR‘s sources indicate the film isn’t done yet, so the delay should give Stone more time to finish up. Unfortunately, the release date change also takes Snowden out of the running for this year’s Oscar race. (Gordon-Levitt might remain part of the Oscar conversation, though, as he’s also got Robert Zemeckis’ The Walk due out later this year.)
Chapter 3: The most violent episode so far. Great battle scene in Carentan. It also takes time to show the soldiers after they get back to England, and for the ones that didnt. It forcuses on the horrors of war and sticks to Blithe to make that point.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
Mr. Trump thinks that when Obamacare collapses into smoking ruins the Democrats will “own it,” and be blamed for the scheme they enacted without a single Republican vote. But if he really thinks that he should put on his shock absorbers for another jolt. Backed by a compliant combine of the big newspapers and the major television networks, the Democrats will charge ahead with the narrative that “Obamacare needed a few tweaks to make it work, but the president and the Republicans wouldn’t do it because they’re heartless and like watching the suffering of the poor, the helpless, the homeless and the wretched refuse on the shore, yearning to breathe free.” And so forth and so on. The Republicans will get the blame, and wonder how it happened.
“Yeah, we’re trying to get up the courage to jump off this one,” laughs Chenail.
“Then maybe we’ll get the courage to work our way over to that one,” Chenail says, pointing across the water to a much taller ledge that they say is twice as high. “It’s fun to watch people work up the courage to jump,” says Chenail, laughing.
While no firm plans are in place, they say they’ve begun talks with state and local officials, as well as local volunteer organizations, to see what options there may be to get help running the historic swimming hole, to ensure it stays open for generations to come.
While the airport gets substantial funding from the City of Gary, the State of Indiana and the federal government, it gets additional millions of dollars every year from the City of Chicago -- more than $3.6 million dollars since the beginning of 2011 alone, financial documents reveal. Since 1995, Chicago has sent a total of more than $26 million to help operate the Gary airport.
Google's Boston Dynamics has revealed the latest version of its humanoid robot - and it can now get up easily on its own if it falls.
The Atlas robot was widely derided at the recent 'robolympics' after falling repeatedly and needing a crane to get up.
He's behind you! Boston Dynamic has revealed the new wireless version of its humanoid robot in a new video showing it walk, run, and even be pushed over and get up again on its own.
'We get most of our ideas about robotics from science fiction. And we want to show a little bit of science fact,' said Gill Pratt, who organized the competition for the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which focuses on futuristic technologies for national security.
'We have to cut a hole in a wall to get access to something behind it. And there will be either rough terrain or rubble that we get past.'
Most appear humanoid but some can switch to wheels to get around.
'We are making steady progress, but we can't afford to get comfortable.'
And indeed, social trust in America has declined over the past few decades in lockstep with our rising income inequality. We might personally experience this in simple, day-to-day ways. Think of walking down the street and worrying you might be mugged, or walking into work and assuming your boss will try to bilk you out of overtime pay. But it's also not hard to think of examples of how this has shaped our politics. Just recall conservatives railing against "takers" during the election, or Occupy protesters fuming against the rich. Americans up and down the social ladder believe others are out to get them.
"They have very strange ways. This place was very hard to find and it is well hidden, but we got here with God's will and the efforts of the Military Council."
Share. Where does he get those wonderful statues? Where does he get those wonderful statues?
There were several replacements who fell through before Josesito Lopez was placed in and destroyed in five rounds. At the time Williams was viewed as a very big step up in class for Canelo and there were some experts who were picking him to get an upset win. Williams strongly believes he would have won the fight if it would have happened.
"If it would have gone the twelve rounds, I was gonna get it. Other than knocking me out, he wasn’t gonna get it. They know my fighting style but I look at it like it was probably a blessing for me to go down on that motorcycle because say if I would have taken that fight with him, I know I would have won but I would have been taking punches like I always took punches and I thought I could have been brain dead. I could have been messed up, talking all kind of crazy. So I thank God and it is what it is."
With the dust settled on an incredible Halo World Championship 2017 Finals, we’re excited to begin the next chapter of the Halo Championship Series. The HCS Summer 2017 Season is shaping up to be another landmark moment in Halo esports, and we couldn’t be more eager to get the next evolution underway. Today, we’re excited to discuss a few details for the North American Pro League, with more details on Europe, DreamHack, Open Circuit, Last Chance Qualifiers, and gameplay settings on the way.
With all this in mind, it’s an understatement to say how eager we are to get things kicked off down in beautiful and sunny Florida with HCS Daytona, May 12-14. The action kicks off on Friday, and you can be part of it all be purchasing tickets to the event here, or tuning in online at beam.pro/Halo or twitch.tv/Halo.
And don’t forget, you can test your own skills alongside the rest of the world by jumping into the HCS Summer Preview playlist in Halo 5 right now to try out version 1 of the Summer Season settings. Who knows, maybe you’ll discover you’ve got what it takes to be raising that championship trophy next year…
It would be easy to talk about this Keene State College business as an isolated incident of drunken college students, getting “out of hand.” But that would be politically and culturally irresponsible, since this is after all #FergusonOctober. Several states over from New Hampshire, down in Missouri, citizens exercising First Amendment rights, citizens with righteous anger, who might get a “little out of hand” with an errant glass bottle or two, are met with a much larger show of force – tanks, tear gas, stun grenades. We’ve had no reports of Ferguson protesters threatening old people or threatening to kill the police. And thank God for that, because we would have witnessed a serious amount of bloodshed to go along with our protests if that had occurred.
If you’re black that kind of thinking is dangerous. If you’re black that kind of thinking will get you killed. And if you’re white, and you do the killing, you will most probably go free.
In decades past, the task of telling ambitious women that they’d never find love fell to male editors and reporters, who were unabashed in their contempt for a new breed of she-monster known as the “career woman.” Later, the media let the numbers do the talking, and we got clinical analyses likening our odds of marrying to getting killed by terrorists (a particularly chilling analogy, in hindsight). These days it’s a woman’s job to break the bad news, and often the messenger is single herself, offering up her life as a cautionary tale for the good of womankind.
I’ll repeat this happy news, since it’s not exactly the message we ladies have received lo these many years: If you get a good education and take time to establish your career and your life as a self-supporting adult, current research shows that you’re not only more likely to marry, you’re more likely to stay married. Oh, and you’ll make more money too.
Feminism’s perpetual PR problem is, paradoxically, rooted in its success. The fundamental notion that women should have equal rights and opportunities was absorbed into the mainstream culture so quickly that we assume it was always thus. It’s easy to forget that as late as the 1970s some women were still being told they couldn’t get a credit card or buy a car without their husband’s permission. When I was a kid in the ’70s, the idea that a woman could have an identity that wasn’t defined by the man in her life was still new—and still up for debate. So if the fish/ bicycle quotation was an awkward overstatement, well, okay. But it was appropriate for the time, and a handy ballast for women in a society that still told them they were nothing without a man.
"If one child gets adopted because someone read Alice's story, then every hateful letter and death threat is worth it," she said.
Developers can sign up for our developer newsletter to get the latest news. Hardware developers, have you heard of our $1mm smartstrap development fund?
Your overwhelming support and feedback has shaped what Pebble is today. We’re back on Kickstarter to give you - the community who cares the most - an opportunity to support our vision for wearables and get exclusive access to our newest product.
We pledge to do the absolute best we can at creating amazing products and supporting them for as long as possible. We’ve gone out of our way to develop new features, release software updates and provide technical support for all Pebble owners. Check out our Amazon reviews or our Twitter's @Pebble and @PebbleHelp to get a taste.
Pebble was brought to life by 68,929 backers who supported our vision three years ago. Even though we've grown tremendously since then, we're still a small company battling some of the largest competitors in the world. We believe that this is the best and most efficient way for us to get our latest product to the people who want it most: people like you.
By refusing to answer our simple questions, Hillary Clinton is obstructing Judicial Watch’s efforts to get basic information about her email practices. Because she has not – and cannot – demonstrate that her refusal to answer our questions is proper, Hillary Clinton should be required by the court to answer them promptly.
3400 Dortmund supporters traveled to Old Trafford to witness a performance that would see them through to the final. An early goal from Lars Ricken put Dortmund ahead, stunning the home crowd, followed by a highly spirited and heroic defensive performance, particularly from Jürgen Kohler, to cap off a memorable night. Things would get even better.
Meanwhile, it’s time to turn that Coconut Vanilla Bean into pumpkin! It is as simple as softening the Coconut Vanilla Bean until you can manipulate it easily with a spoon. We’ll add pure pumpkin puree and pumpkin pie spice. Combine well and return to the freezer for at least 30 minutes. If you don’t have pumpkin pie spice on hand, don’t worry…I’ve got you covered! Just click here for a recipe using ingredients you likely already have in your cupboard.
Now you’ll want to prepare a vegan caramel sauce if making a homemade version (plenty of recipes on the Web) and soften the Cashew Caramel Cluster. I’ll also get the pumpkin frozen dessert softening at this time. You want them spreadable and soft, but not melted.
The final step is to garnish. You can use chocolate syrup, caramel sauce (or both) and a few sweetened cacao nibs as we did here today if you want to get fancy 🙂
Ryan had ordered Miller last month to undergo a competency hearing after his attorneys expressed concerns about his ability to assist with some aspects of his defense. Miller responded angrily that the delays were meant to help the prosecutor get re-elected.
It’s going to be a busy next few months for Qui. Today, Eater Austin reports that he is also facing a lawsuit from a vendor that accuses the chef of skipping out on a $24,000 bill. Hopefully he’ll be able to stay out of court long enough to get Aqui open before the Houston summer sets in.
"We got lucky and the lights were visible ... so our guest went down on his knee and proposed to his girlfriend and she was totally blown away. The funny thing was -- she wouldn't wear gloves for the first three days -- so she could show the ring off."
"The forecast for this winter is a continued quiet sun, in general," he said. The sun is on the upswing of an 11-year cycle. "Maybe we will have a few periods once a month where the aurora can get a little bit more active."
"We almost take it for granted sometimes," said Brosha. "No matter how many times you've seen the aurora borealis -- when they really dance, when you get some really unique colors -- you just kind of say, 'Wow, I'm so lucky to see that.' "
Enjoy warm tepees as well as food and drinks while viewing the northern lights at Aurora Village, which gets up to 20 hours of darkness in the winter months.
Seniors will no longer get free trips on BC Ferries from Monday to Thursday, but BC Ferries employees still will.
We were the generation that decided to behave and obey most of the laws set before us. It was my generation that overwhelmingly decided that we must go through High School and move on to college in order to get a degree regardless of the cost to ourselves. It was established as the pinnacle of our educational standpoint, that for any person to be valuable in the work force they must have a bachelors degree or higher. Now that we are in college with anywhere between 30,000 and 120,000 dollars in educational loans we are being told once again that the skills which we acquired would simply not be enough.
So, here we have a group generation of individuals who have tried to do well in school, get good grades, stay out of trouble, and most important of all make their way to the college system after being processed by public education. They have been stripped of most of their critical and analytical thinking abilities in favor of rote memorization and skills which will allow them to pass the required test in order to reach their goal of college. This is further reinforced at the college level where it has become apparent to the educational facilities that more and more the people attending, short of a state mandate, are required to be there.
“A small minority of the Senate now gets to decide what happens in this country.”
The plan also would cut debate time on nominees after a cloture vote to just two hours from 30 hours, allowing the Senate to get more nominations to the floor. And it would eliminate “secret holds,” a senator’s right to anonymously block a nominee or bill.
But all these deficit reduction numbers come with some important caveats regarding how to treat hundreds of billions in war savings as well as automatic spending cuts due to take effect in January. And even if Obama were to get his way on all fronts, the outlook remains grim.
"Hitchcock and [writer] Robert Bloch did that in Psycho. I wanted to establish that connection in particular. I am hardly the first person to kill a character unexpectedly and thereby get a big reaction from the audience."
"When I was living in Bayonne, I desperately wanted to get away. Not because Bayonne was a bad place, mind you. Bayonne was a very nice place in some ways. But we were poor. We had no money. We never went anywhere."
His father, Raymond Collins Martin, spent around two years unemployed. Even when he eventually found employment as a longshoreman (and got his all-important union credentials), the work wasn't consistent. "You have a card and you have to show up at dawn every day," Martin says, recalling his father's working life. "Maybe you go home and you don't make anything. They hire the more seasoned men, the more veteran men. The longer you're in it, the more work you get but there are some rough times at the beginning."
His father, who died before Martin made it big as a novelist, was not an expressive man. Nor did he care for literature (although he was proud his son made it to college.) "I don't think he ever read a book after he got out of school and he never finished high school."
Martin acknowledges that he is "aided" by the fact that he has written Ice and Fire in the age of the computer. Touchingly, he still types up his work on an ancient DOS word processor. "DOS with WordStar 4.0," he elaborates. "Primitive though it is, compared to certain systems, it has a search and replace function that is very useful. I have assembled all four of the published books into one gigantic document. If I am about to write about a character, Bill, I do a search and see every previous time I mentioned Bill and what I said about him. Even then, I still make mistakes because it is large. That is maybe one reason why I've slowed down a little, as I get deeper into it and it gets more and more complex, it is harder to remember. Maybe I take a little more time in reviewing what I did last week or last year or three years ago."
The author seems grounded and phlegmatic but acknowledges the occasional bad review "sticks in the craw" and that he is still "bothered" by the sniping of some of his more aggressive fans, telling him to get a move on. "But I just have to accept it. It comes with the territory." As he tells himself, it's a problem most writers would "die to have."
Martin was first turned on to Ivanhoe by the 1952 MGM movie starring Robert Taylor, George Sanders and a young Elizabeth Taylor. "I think it was Elizabeth Taylor at the peak of her...," his voice tails off before he clarifies. "She was the most beautiful woman in the world. I think I was nine years old when I saw that movie. How could you not fall in love with her? But the jousting and the pageantry of it made me love that story. Later, in high school, I did read that book. For a modern reader, it's a little tough to get through. The prose is very Victorian and thick but if you fight your way through it, the story is there. It has everything the movie has and more – the heraldry and jousting and the insight into the times. It was an influence in that sense."
Martin credits David Chase's groundbreaking tale of a Mafia boss with changing this way of thinking. "The first episode of The Sopranos was one of the great changing points in television history. You meet this guy, Tony Soprano. You see him in this psychiatrist's office, talking about these ducks who have flown away. He seems like a very sympathetic guy. He's upset about ducks. You like him. Then, he's driving home. He sees this guy who owes him money and he runs him over with the car and gets out and starts kicking him. Maybe you don't like him so much but you are still ~ interested in him."
"If we go seven or eight seasons and then the show is still big enough that we can get the $200m to finance a huge epic movie to end it… sure!" he enthuses about the prospect of a big-screen version.
In the meantime, Martin has work to do. He needs to complete writing his epic fantasy. When he finally does so, one prediction can safely be made. All those impatient readers who've been carping at him and telling him to get a move on are bound to feel a sense of loss. They will probably then regret that he didn't spend even longer spinning out his tale. That's the paradox – the fans are desperate to know the ending to a story that they want to go on forever.
Where did the Mormons get the idea that Cyrus saw his name in the Bible, anyway? From an ancient Jewish historian.
New rule: the church doesn’t get to complain that sources are misstating the church’s position when those sources turn out to be a better source of information about the church than the church itself.
The implication, it seems to me, is that members should ignore critics. I can see why that option is attractive — it allows members to disengage from ideas that might get them thinking and asking questions.
"The goal today was a bit lucky," Nyquist said. "I got a good bounce of the stick and it went in, but it's good for my confidence to be scoring goals."
It was a vital breakthrough for a Swedish offence that could not get into gear for much of a gritty encounter in Moscow. Norway, aware that victory here would bring it level with its Nordic neighbour on eight points, set up cautiously. Its disciplined hockey limited the Tre Kronor's chances in a first period that never really took off, but that same defensive focus meant that Sweden's Jacob Markstrom could enjoy a relatively quiet time between the piping for long periods.
It didn't take long for Norway to make it a one-goal game once again, though. Sweden had barely got back to full strength when Johannes Johannesen's mishit shot was held up by Mathis Olimb on the slot and Mats Rosseli Olsen lifted the puck to the top shelf.
Only the Center City location didn’t get its ANC’s nod, but city health director Mohammad N. Akhter chose to keep it eligible to sell medical marijuana anyway.
Shawn Grate was charged last week with murder and kidnapping, discovered only because the woman he was holding after tying her up in an abandoned house in Ashland County, Ohio, managed to get his cellphone, call 911 and whisper, desperately, “I’ve been kidnapped.”
Once in custody, Grate opened up, police say. They don’t know why. Perhaps he just wanted to get it off his chest.
He told the investigator that the woman, about 26, had sold subscriptions to his mother. When she didn’t deliver them, his mother got upset and so did he.
“He got her into his car by telling her he wanted to buy some magazines,” Bailey said Grate admitted. But then he took her to his home, stabbed her to death and hid the body in his basement for two days before taking the body out to Victory Road, where he dumped it.
As the months went by, the sheriff said Grate told the investigator, Grate got concerned that maybe someone would find the body and use DNA to identify her.
“I’m surmising,” he said. “When you start in 2003 or 2004 and you’re still doing it in 2016, there’s got to be something in between. It’s hard to believe that others aren’t out there,” Bailey said.
“He had such a way of rattling off weird things, odd comments,” she said. “Little weird things,” like telling people, ” ‘I’m gonna come back and get you.’ ”
But “the more it progressed, the more I needed to get away.” But she said there was nowhere to go.
In 2010, she said, he beat her badly, breaking her hand, trying to strangle her, holding her down in the bathtub before she managed to get away from him, permanently, Hildreth told Cleveland 19.
“I think he would have eventually killed me,” Hildreth told Cleveland 19. “If I hadn’t got out, I’d be one of the victims.” It “makes your skin crawl,” she said, “your gut turn.”
Milwaukee Aprilia pulled the wraps off their 2017 WorldSBK RSV-4s at the beginning of Jerez testing yesterday, then it was time to get down to business for Eugene Laverty who found that the braking prpoblems he encountered in the last Spanish test are still there.
“There were quite a few changes compared to when I rode it in November. It took a bit of time to get dialed in. It was a positive end to the day. I would say we are back to where we were at the last test. We’ve arrived at the same problem and we’re struggling to get the bike stopped and turned. It feels like it’s pushing the front a lot so that’s a direction we need to improve on,” Laverty said at the track.
“The problem is in the last part and getting the bike stopped and turned. I’m really struggling in that area. That’s just chassis-wise, geometry that we’ll have to work on, the electronics are working well. There’s a lot of different ways to approach it but it’s pretty clear what we need to do – to get some weight off the front to help with my riding style.”
Laverty ended day one nearly two seconds off the pace and a quarter of a second behind team-mate Lorenzo Savadori but it’s early days for the squad and with the Jerez outing to finish, plus another three days at Phillip Island, Milwaukee should get their ducks in a line.
"When I got to the bag check, the troopers were all acting very aggressively," Chaney said. "As a diabetic, I carry food -- both quick sugar and protein -- and I have never had any trouble taking it in anywhere when I remind the personnel involved of the protections afforded by ADA law. This time, I was told that the law didn't apply and I either lost my food or my place in line."
However, the county judge could still order that sentence to run concurrent to the federal sentence. If that happens, Forsythe would get credit for serving both terms simultaneously, instead of serving them one after the other.
I think so. Dreams happen during the daytime, they happen at night. You can call them a vision or intuition. But basically they’re a state of mind — without words, pictures, formulas or statements. It’s “pre” all that. It’s pre-Plato. It’s a very primordial feeling. And again, if you try to grasp it, it always dies. So when you wake up in the morning, some vague residue lingers, the ghost of an idea. You try to remember what it was and you only get half of it right, and maybe that’s the best you can do.
In 2001, he invited me to Caltech, where he was a visiting professor. I felt like a graduate student again. Every morning I would walk into the department, I’d go to see Witten, and we’d talk for an hour or so. He’d give me my homework. I’d go away and spend the next 23 hours trying to catch up. Meanwhile, he’d go off and do half a dozen other things. We had a very intense collaboration. It was an incredible experience because it was like working with a brilliant supervisor. I mean, he knew all the answers before I got them. If we ever argued, he was right and I was wrong. It was embarrassing!
Right; well, you see, a lot of mathematics is predictable. Somebody shows you how to solve one problem, and you do the same thing again. Every time you take a step forward you’re following in the steps of the person who came before. Every now and again, somebody comes along with a totally new idea and shakes everybody up. To start with, people don’t believe it, and then when they do believe it, it leads in a totally new direction. Mathematics comes in fits and starts. It has continuous development, and then it has discontinuous jumps, when suddenly somebody has a new idea. Those are the ideas that really matter. When you get them, they have major consequences. We’re about due another one. Einstein had a good idea 100 years ago, and we need another one to take us forward.
But the approach has to be more investigative than directive. If you try to direct science, you only get people going in the direction you told them to go. All of science comes from people noticing interesting side paths. You’ve got to have a very flexible approach to exploration and allow different people to try different things. Which is difficult, because unless you jump on the bandwagon, you don’t get a job.
Worrying about your future, you have to stay in line. That’s the worst thing about modern science. Fortunately, when you get to my age, you don’t need to bother about that. I can say what I like.
Well, you see, there’s atomic physics — electrons and protons and neutrons, all the stuff of which atoms are made. At these very, very, very small scales, the laws of physics are much the same, but there is also a force you ignore, which is the gravitational force. Gravity is present everywhere because it comes from the entire mass of the universe. It doesn’t cancel itself out, it doesn’t have positive or negative value, it all adds up. So however far away the black holes and galaxies are, they all exert a very small force everywhere in the universe, even in an electron or proton. But physicists say, “Ah, yes, but it’s so small you can ignore it; we don’t measure things that small, we do perfectly well without it.” My starting point is that that is a mistake. If you correct that mistake, you get a theory that is much better.
I’m now looking again at some of the ideas that were around 100 years ago and that were discarded at the time because people couldn’t understand what the ideas were trying to get at. How does matter interact with gravity? Einstein’s theory was that if you put a bit of matter in, it changes the curvature of space. And when the curvature of space changes, it acts on the matter. It’s a very complicated feedback mechanism.
I’m going back to Einstein and [Paul] Dirac and looking at them again with new eyes, and I think I’m seeing things that people missed. I’m filling in the holes of history, taking account of new discoveries. Archaeologists dig things up, or historians find a new manuscript, and that sheds an entirely new light. So that’s what I’ve been doing. Not by going into libraries, but by sitting in my room at home, thinking. If you think long enough, you get a good idea.
I think all the difficulty physicists have had comes from ignoring that. You shouldn’t ignore it. And the point is, I believe the mathematics gets simplified if you feed it in. If you leave it out, you make things more difficult for yourself.
A friend of mine, John Polkinghorne, left physics just as I was going in; he went into the church and became a theologian. We had a discussion on my 80th birthday and he said to me, “You’ve got nothing to lose; you just go ahead and think what you think.” And that’s what I’ve been doing. I’ve got all the medals I need. What could I lose? So that’s why I’m prepared to take a gamble that a young researcher wouldn’t be prepared to take.
If you’re still awake and alert mentally when you’re over 80, you’ve got the advantage that you’ve lived a long time and you’ve seen many things, and you get perspective. I’m 86 now, and it’s in the last few years that I’ve had these ideas. New ideas come along and you pick up bits here and there, and the time is ripe now, whereas it might not have been ripe five or 10 years ago.
People think mathematics begins when you write down a theorem followed by a proof. That’s not the beginning, that’s the end. For me the creative place in mathematics comes before you start to put things down on paper, before you try to write a formula. You picture various things, you turn them over in your mind. You’re trying to create, just as a musician is trying to create music, or a poet. There are no rules laid down. You have to do it your own way. But at the end, just as a composer has to put it down on paper, you have to write things down. But the most important stage is understanding. A proof by itself doesn’t give you understanding. You can have a long proof and no idea at the end of why it works. But to understand why it works, you have to have a kind of gut reaction to the thing. You’ve got to feel it.
“I’m sitting in the same exact spot I was when the Double Rainbow video started,” Vasquez said, speaking to the Daily Dot from the living room of his Yosemite farm. In the original video, Vasquez begins recording while he’s still inside his house, after he notices the multi-colored magnificence outside of his window. He moves outside to get a closer look when he’s completely overcome by the sight of two rainbows stretched across the mountain Vasquez’s house overlooks.
“When the video went viral, I had been living as a starving artist, and I was doing it in a sustainable way,” he said. Now that he accrues extra money from ads on his YouTube channel, as well as commercial appearances here and there, Vasquez says his life is “99 percent exactly the same. … Everything that’s come has been just a bonus,” including the time he appeared in a SmartWater commercial with Jennifer Aniston. “I got to hug her,” he said, laughing. “That was pretty good!”
"Facts may help resolve the matter, but in revealing the facts, the government may also reveal how we got them," he wrote in The Washington Post. "Worse — and I do not exaggerate — if it were human sources that provided the information, they could lose their lives."
"They will demand additional information. Worse, questions like, 'How exactly did you get that information?' or 'Where did that come from?' and 'When precisely did you know that?' will inevitably be asked — and the protection of sources and methods will begin to erode."
Ford even ad-libbed the now-famous “I know” response to Princess Leia’s declaration of love in 1980’s The Empire Strikes Back, and he pushed George Lucas to kill Solo in 1983’s Return of the Jedi to show the stakes of galactic war. Lucas kept him alive. Since that movie, though, Ford hasn’t been spending his time obsessing over the questions that fans have been asking: Did Princess Leia and Han Solo go on to get married? Did they have kids who embraced the Force?
“The quicker we can identify the two men the quicker we can get them off the streets.”
As the cortege made its way from the airport on Thursday, Dutch people lined the route and quietly applauded, a welcome sign that humanity hasn’t completely slipped its moorings. But while some victims and their families are being accorded the dignity they deserve, the remains of scores of others may well still be scattered across the crash site, which, even now, hasn’t been fully secured. At the Ukraine Crisis Media Center, in Kiev, a Dutch official said that there were still “some lunatics” hampering the search being carried out by Ukrainian emergency workers and Dutch police. “It’s very hard for us to get to the bodies, to get to the remains,” he said. “You call it terrorists. To me, it’s criminals. But it’s very near the same.”
All in all, it looks like Putin, who earlier this week appeared to be getting a bit rattled by the international outrage directed at him, has reason to smile. If Russia did supply the missile that downed MH17, its president bears responsibility for an attack that, though almost certainly directed at the wrong target, killed almost two hundred citizens of a core member of NATO, along with nearly a hundred others. In response, he gets what seems a very modest punishment. Not a slap on the wrist, perhaps, but also not anything that will threaten his continued hold on power, or even his belligerent approach to Ukraine.
Since there weren’t any Americans aboard MH17, the Obama Administration isn’t facing much political pressure to get tough with Russia. But that doesn’t mean it isn’t concerned. On July 16th, the day before the plane went down, the U.S. government, responding to Russia’s stonewalling in Ukraine, expanded its existing sanctions to include limits on how much money four big Russian entities—two banks and two energy companies—can raise on Wall Street.
As soon as they got to the park, the weather changed; suddenly it was nothing but clear blue skies and sunshine.
Danny was very attached to his older brother Johnny, and went to all of his baseball games in the the hopes that he could fill in, he said. That summer, Johnny's baseball team made it to the championship, and sure enough, a player was injured, so Danny got the chance to play.
"He got a hit, which was pretty incredible for a little 4-year-old running around with 7-year-olds," Stanton said. "I always cherish this moment."
The fact that certain words are still bleeped out on the radio strikes me as a sort of historical oversight. It seems like one of those practices that should have been ended by previous generations, like prohibitions on sending birth control information through the federal mail, or the obligatory depiction of married couples as sleeping in separate beds on network television. The Baby Boomers probably intended to deal with radio censorship, but then they got caught up with Vietnam, and then Watergate, and then Star Wars came out, and before you knew it it was the 80s and nobody was into social liberalization anymore. Long story short—it's 2013 and you still can't say "fuck" on the airwaves without getting fined by the Federal Communications Commission.
I know what you're thinking: Is the de facto FCC-driven ban on "explicit lyrics" over the national airwaves really the huge deal he's about to try to make it, or is this guy just an idle rabble-rouser with too much time on his hands? Or both? To answer these questions, we should probably get a sense of what, specifically, we are talking about when we refer to "the de facto FCC-driven ban on explicit lyrics." Luckily, I've spent a good portion of the last year compulsively listening to the radio and taking notes whenever a word is bleeped out, so we have some research to go on. (And, just for the record, yes, I do have too much time on my hands.)
“I don't get angry when my mom smokes pot
Here, both "pot" and "rock" are left out. Again, we can probably get over this pretty quickly. The kids, etc. We don't want the kids smoking marijuana and crack rocks trying to imitate their hero, the lead singer of Sublime's mom. If they want to hit the bottle a little, though, that might be OK, because we're pretty hip parents. Maybe we'll give them a bit of wine next time we have one of our little dinner parties. Oh, come on, honey, the Europeans do it. Don't be that way.
Now let's look at a song by Weezer that appears on the very same station. The song is called "Hash Pipe," and it is about a hash pipe. It includes the refrain "I got my hash pipe," and otherwise consists of the vocalist going on and on about the virtues of his precious hash pipe. Unlike the word "pot," "hash pipe" is not censored at all. So what gives? What was all that bullshit about the kids? Maybe the thinking is: We're not too worried about kids getting their hands on hash, which after all is pretty exotic. If they've got access to hash in the first place, they're probably already in that phase where they're hanging out with Arab drug dealers, staying up all night taking acid, and using a Ouija board to communicate with djinn. They're just, like, on that journey, man, so let it play out. Let it all play out. Probably that's what the thinking is on that.
Otherwise we've got ourselves a big, glaring contradiction.
But maybe you're not sold. Perhaps a bit of inconsistency is to be expected here and there across any censorship policy, and surely it would be ungenerous to just malign an entire nation over some small discrepancies. Fair enough. On the other hand, I've got my little heart set on maligning an entire nation, plus I've already written that whole introduction and everything, so let us reach an accommodation. I am so superbly confident of the demonstrable psychosis of the American people that I will now proceed to prove my point entirely within the context of Sublime tracks and the manner in which they're censored. What's more, I will limit my case to a mere two Sublime songs beyond the one we've already examined.
We'll start with "Santaria," which still gets plenty of play on the nation's "alternative rock" stations. To the extent that the song is about anything in particular, it deals with the protagonist's angst over his girlfriend having left him for some guy:
I've got something for his punk-ass”
To Pochettino, every member of his squad is a complex individual and he has had to mine deep into their psyches to understand them. In some cases, it has taken more than two years to arrive at the connection but he believes that it is the only way to get the best out of them. It might be that just one of them responds in a positive way to a particular thing. It makes the thing worthwhile.
Hours after pulling the trigger on what has to be one of the biggest trades the Canadiens have ever seen, Bergevin insisted he got the better end of the deal by bringing 30-year-old Shea Weber and his $7.8-million cap hit over the next ten seasons to Montreal. He wouldn’t give way to the suggestion that the decision to trade Subban was motivated by the defenceman’s over-the-top personality or the reported conflicts he may have been embroiled in with teammates or coaches.
“He got my attention when he brought up the name of Shea Weber,” said Bergevin before detailing that the conversation resumed Monday and the deal was formalized early Wednesday afternoon.
“It was essential to get a defenceman back who could play the kind of minutes Subban could,” he said in French.
She said he "wasn't too keen" on her plan but got used to it.
Mrs Cook said she had multiple sclerosis so could not get involved in traditional sponsored events, such as walks or runs.
The players learned that to kill Lamashtu they would need to get a few magical items: a crimson dagger called the Red Lust, a black falchion called the Chilled Heart, and a book called the Tome of Torog. They had acquired the Chilled Heart and the Tome of Torog but while trying to acquire the Red Lust they had lost the Chilled Heart to Lamashtu, along with the lives of the Ranger, the Monk, and the Cleric.
The characters knew they weren’t strong enough to challenge Lamashtu in a fight so their next step was to get help. They were given the choice between beseeching the goddess Desna into helping them or going to the High Demon Pazuzu. They opted for the demon. Go figure.
At this point they had enough clout to get an audience with Pazuzu so the players headed off to warn him. They successfully gained entrance and started to warn Pazuzu of the treachery in his house only to have Lamashtu burst through the door with the Chilled Heart in hand. Pazuzu agrees to help the players stop Lamashtu if they give him rights to some land in the Great Desert. The players agreed to his terms. I had written Pazuzu and Lamashtu as old lovers, more akin to a very old spiteful married couple. Think Hemingwy and Gellhorn. So it’s not out of character for him to swagger up and passionately embraces her, thus distracting Lamashtu from the fight. Her undead minions fan out to take down the players.
“As it got closer, I saw that it was a giant moose,’’ he said.
An unidentified man, who plead guilty to statutory rape of a 14-year-old girl in 2009 and got her pregnant, is now filing for visitation rights to see the toddler produced by the rape.
The man met the 14-year-old girl at church and, later, had sex with her and got the teen pregnant. However, she was too young to legally consent to sex, reports Fox 25.
Experiment with which sounds you send to what bus. I guarantee you’ll get some very useful results.
Cook supplied 40 rushing yards on the first series of the game, a touchdown drive for FSU. His 45-yard catch led to a field goal a few minutes later. He didn't account for much on the Seminoles' next two scoring drives as the Wolverines did a great job bottling him up, but when the game got close late, Cook reappeared -- twice.
Michigan looked poised to get the ball back and have an opportunity to take the lead early in the fourth quarter after Francois was sacked again, this time for a loss of 13, setting up a third-and-22 from the FSU 13.
Cook balled out in front of his family. He once again led Florida State in an incredible victory with the entire nation watching. And for doing so, he got at least one accolade he so richly deserved and likely made himself some money in the process.
Verrilli told the justices that they could get rid of the phrase and essentially leave the programs unchanged. "If the court thinks it's a problem and wants to put a red pencil through it, it's totally fine," he said.
Mays eventually got his seat back
“Of the ordinary matter we believe exists in and around galaxies,” he says, “we see about a third as stars and molecular gas clouds. Most of the remaining two-thirds is probably ionized in the space between galaxies, but we haven't had a good way to see it, and that means we don't really know the history of the typical atom. Does it fall into galaxies and then get blown out by supernovae explosions, or does it never really get incorporated in the galaxies and always sit at their outskirts? Is there a cycle? We can trace much of this using the kSZ, since the effect's strength depends on the distribution of electrons in a cluster's ionized gas.”
Since I know very little about the Trader Joe’s Craft Beers, and since there is very little information about their beers on their website, I will skip the usual, “Here is what the brewery has to say about this beer” section and just get on with our reviews.
Protesters used whatever they could get their hands on for protection: Some images even show people using plastic wrapping to cover themselves. The use of the umbrellas as protection was striking, however, and media outlets picked up on it, dubbing it the "Umbrella Revolution." A search of Twitter appears to show that the term has been around since at least last Friday:
The State Department was unable to recover the email, but investigators got it from OneVoice.
Need for Speed Payback is one step forwards and two steps back for EA’s 23-year-old racing series. While Payback does fix a host of the 2015 Need for Speed reboot’s missteps, it also brushes away a lot of the stuff developer Ghost Games got right at that time.
The segregated car divisions, I can handle; the upgrade system, I cannot. I hate it, in fact. Individual visual customisation options now need to be unlocked by performing arbitrary tasks out in the world. I get that it’s designed to get us interacting with all the new Forza Horizon-inspired jumps and speed traps, et cetera, but it’s a lot of new hoops to jump through to change your cars’ appearance where previously there were none.
If you get a Speed Card you don’t want, you can turn it into a single “Part Token”. You need three Part Tokens to have one tug at the Speed Card slot machine (stay with me), which generally yields better cards than the ones you can buy à la carte from parts stores. You can also earn Part Tokens from “Base Shipments”, which are loot boxes that also contain cash and additional customisation items (like coloured tyre smoke or neons).
While unknown unknowns are an issue, I don't really expect there to be giant chakra jellyfish zeppelins. Actually, if they do exist, we totally should get us one as a mount.
The specifically tested security vulnerabilities are being withheld, but the committee is working to get the videos released.
Haba! According to the biology them teach us for school, a girl has to start menstruating before she can get pregnant. At 5 her ovaries are not fully developed not to talk of releasing an egg that will become fertilized. Is that report for real? Where did the girl even get the womb to hold the pregnancy for 9 months? I am shocked beyond words. How possible?Let's not even talk of who impregnated her, what about her reproductive organs? At that age the girl shouldn't even have sex hormones!(at least fully developed and functioning ones).Haba! According to the biology them teach us for school, a girl has to start menstruating before she can get pregnant. At 5 her ovaries are not fully developed not to talk of releasing an egg that will become fertilized. Is that report for real? Where did the girl even get the womb to hold the pregnancy for 9 months? I am shocked beyond words.
@ poster, so the 5 year old mother thing is fake. The 10 year old thing is possible, that one i go agree, because some girls attain puberty really fast. It's saddening, some of them get pregnant and don't even know what is happening to them
this girl got her period when she was 8months old and had "almost"fully developed breast at 4 and had had the ovaries of a fully mature woman. she was raped by a relative (no one knew who the father was) gave birth to her baby at the age of 5yrs 7months and 21days exactly BY CESAREAN and she is the youngest mother on record.
I was concerned about how possible it was for a 5 yr old girl to deliver scientifically but Mr. BrownJay has answered my question beautifully by supplying that the girl got her period when she was 8 months old. That means she developed prematurely, same thing with the 8yr old Nigerian girl. But na wa o! @ yousouph, you were right.I was concerned about how possible it was for a 5 yr old girl to deliver scientifically but Mr. BrownJay has answered my question beautifully by supplying that the girl got her period when she was 8 months old. That means she developed prematurely, same thing with the 8yr old Nigerian girl. But na wa o!
The league average for shooting percentage this season is 0.305, meaning 31% of all the shots on target have beaten the keepers in the Scottish Championship. Prior to this match, Rangers shooting percentage was a league best 0.389 – which you would expect. So when Rangers put six past the keeper, you’d look for a shooting rate that was off the charts & while beating the goalie on 46% of the shots on target is high – it’s not ‘drop your jaw’ high. It is not unheard of for Rangers to get 20 shots (they average 17.5) but what’s most impressive is the 13 shots on target. The difference was that against Dumbarton 65% of their shots were on target when normally they get 42% of the shots on target – which is fifth best in the league. If this is the beginning of a new trend then we have pinpointed a real area of improvement for Mark Warburton’s team.
Rangers only had six shots going into half-time, well below their normal rate. Of course, Dumbarton has zero shots at the half so…there was that. When Kenny Miller got the second goal it was the 11th shot in just under an hour. That seemed to really deflate the home side as they were outshot 9-0 in the next thirty minutes.
Perfectone is a nice little free Android app that aims to get your speakers in the right position for your room. The bumph on Google Store says “Using a revolutionary new algorithm to calculate Reverberation Time, PERFECTONE determines the best place to put stereo speakers in YOUR room”.
Choose a spot that gets plenty of full sun and only partial shade. Have a clay pot about 2 feet/61 centimeters deep and the same width at the ready. No need for pebbles or other drainage device at the bottom. Pour enough soil in to cover the bottom thickly. Knock the sapling out of its original container and place in the new pot. Fill the pot with soil around the tree and make sure it stands stable. Water thoroughly.
The Democratic bill won’t pass. It won’t get out of the Senate, and if it did, it wouldn’t pass the House. The legislation is still important because it suggests what Democrats are going to ask for next if Republicans threaten the country with default in February or March of 2014.
That would be the time to show how to define a subroutine that can get arbitrary number of values, but that requires introducing two concepts at a time. So I'll have to find a better set of examples.
Anyway, if we would like to implement a sum() subroutine that can get any number of values we need to define it like this:
Thenewsletter has been around for a while. If you are interested to get special notification when there is new content on this site, it is the best way to keep track:This is a newsletter temporarily running on my personal site (szabgab.com) using Mailman, till I implement an alternative system in Perl 6.Written by Gabor Szabo
Visual Stress Clinic Although each eye sees a separate image, these images are blended in the brain into one single picture. The eyes are rarely completely straight. In most of us, they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing. If our eyes drift too much, this can cause headaches and discomfort, especially when reading. The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level. It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous. Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles. 'I want to see properly' Megan Slater, 15, is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school: "I want to be able to see properly - I don't want to be frustrated. WHAT TO LOOK FOR If your child is having difficulties at school, check if the following apply: They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading They complain of the print becoming blurry They find it easier to read on a coloured background They rub their eyes after reading for a while They often lose their place when reading aloud They often misread short words "When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry." Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university, studying biochemistry. "I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print," she said. "After 20 minutes I'd usually be asleep in the library, it was exhausting. "I've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results." Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed. The reason is that the condition isn't easily spotted in a routine eye test. You could have 20/20 vision and still have binocular instability. Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway, who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University, diagnosis is a problem. She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability. Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access. On the High Street, only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition. Funding is another key issue. Professor Bruce Evans, director of research at the Institute of Optometry, has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability. He said: "We have had sympathy from politicians, but so far no promises of proper funding for this. It has been a very frustrating process." Significant problem There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition. WHAT TO DO If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and/or Visual Stress (Mears-Irlen Syndrome: Get a regular eye test (they are free now on the NHS) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year, as their sight changes all the time If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses, or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test, ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively, ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems. "This is affecting a sizable number of our children," she said. "Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems, we should be campaigning in the streets about this." And the condition also runs in families, so if the problem isn't spotted, you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is. After all, how does a five-year-old child know how reading should feel? The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful. Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself, and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress, also known as Meares-Irlen Syndrome. Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms. And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself. According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems, as many as 80% appear to have binocular instability and/or visual stress. "When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population, it's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions" said Nadia. Edi Stark presents Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST.
“I am really lucky to be alive. On the other hand, it angers me people would take a life over a few dollars,” Anderson said. “I didn’t get shot. I lost some money and things, but your life is worth more than that it.”
Another probable candidate for jaded backer expectations is a new robot named Robit. It’s a tiny robot currently seeking funding on Indiegogo that plans to be the robot that “does it all.” A robot such as Mr. Handy from the Fallout series if you will. With Robit, however, that’s not exactly the case. The robot moves around on two wheels with a weird motorized head at the top that spins around in an effort to convey emotion. No arms, object manipulators, or end effectors of any kind. The makers of Robit boast he can set alarms, remind you of your daily tasks, act as a robotic webcam for video calling, and even advise you on what to eat if you’re on a diet. These tasks boil down to the essential apps found on most smartphones. However, with Robit, the backer is going to have to make sure Robit’s available 100% of the time, and there’s no way he’s fitting in a pocket. Once a backer realizes this, they’re more likely to get annoyed with the hassle of Robit and just go back to using technology that’s faster and more reliable.
The main point here is that these social robots are no more than your smartphone in the flesh. A smartphone, however, is quick, reliable, and portable. Putting the burden on a robot to tell you the weather may seem novelty at first, but it’s almost certain to get old once you realize that you have to make sure your robot’s there, listening, and answering in record timing before you get frustrated and resort to other means of technology. Wait, isn’t that what we’ve already done with our phone’s digital assistants? Social robots are on their way, but they’ll be a big disappointment to those who paid for them to arrive.
British magazine Fact ranked Visions the 26th best album of 2012 and commented it "moved beyond the circumstantially lo-fi character of her early offerings Geidi Primes and Halfaxa for a profoundly inventive and just plain weird take on electro-pop. While the shifty rhythms can get a bit repetitive, they're usually voiced differently, and they're always paired with otherworldly synth-work that darts into uneasy, industrial territory".[74] Rolling Stone placed Visions at number 33 on its 50 Best Albums of 2012 list, noting the album "uses EDM extremism, medieval chants, sugar-crusted melodies and her own sky-high voice to rethink pop music".[75] The album was listed on Paste's The 50 Best Albums of 2012 at number 50, and the magazine wrote, "With its constantly shifting tonal landscapes and non-standard structures, it's the kind of music that's exceptionally hard to peg on paper, but that never stops Visions' tracks from looping in your head long after it spins to a close".[76]
Things didn't go well for Balotelli his second time around at AC Milan, but he gets a new chance at Nice.
When he moved to Liverpool, his agent Mino Raiola made no secret that it was his client's last chance in the calcio che conta -- the football that matters. He even revealed to La Gazzetta dello Sport that he had made a bet with Balotelli. "You've got a four-year contract and I am not getting you out of it. Either you leave Liverpool for 60 or 70 million and I win my bet or you die there." Raiola lost his bet. Balotelli has gone from being his highest-profile, most-talked-about client along with Ibrahimovic to the one we see and hear little of. Pogba has eclipsed him. Romelu Lukaku and Blaise Matuidi are subjects of greater interest.
Italy captain Gigi Buffon hailed his move for its apparent "humility," opening a door should his performances merit a call-up that had seemed closed forever after his last appearance for the Azzurri when he was hooked at half-time against Uruguay out of fear that he would get sent off.
The Empire Day Camp operating out of the Ella Baker School on the Upper East Side was supposed to open on Monday, but families arrived to find a sign saying it was closed. Parents trying to get answers couldn't reach any administrators.
Parents expecting to drop their kids off at Empire Day Camp on Monday got an unwelcomed surprise. On what should have been opening day, the place was empty. Michael George reports. (Published Monday, July 7, 2014)
"I'd like to get my money back first and foremost, but an explanation as to why this happened," said Pezold. "All these families are scrambling. No childcare, no activities for their children."
It appears that Meek Mill is ready to put all of his recent drama with Drake on the back burner for the moment and get back to making music. Last night, Meek shared a number of previews of his upcoming mixtape, DC4, on his Instagram, and to no real surprise, it sounds pretty damn good.
DC4 we got a problem nowwwwwwwww 😎 A video posted by Meek Mill (@meekmill) on Sep 23, 2015 at 1:19am PDT
Added Joseph: "It's human nature to get a little tense when things aren't going your way. And the whole building is against you on the road. It's human nature. You have to fight against that to calm yourself down and still play the game.
"And for us, we wouldn't be here, we wouldn't do the things we do, without our teammates, simple as that. We are one team, one through 15. We've got a couple of guys in the D League right now, they won a championship (also Thursday night) — congratulations to those guys. We on the same team, same page, we're all in the same locker-room. We're all equal. Without them, we wouldn't be who we are."
Clark Quinn: I’m Clark Quinn. I help organizations use technology in ways that align with how we think, work and learn. Just a long background, a PhD in applied cognitive science, playing with sort of the bleeding edge of technology, lots of scars to prove it, and work through Quinnovation. That’s my vehicle to help organizations start getting strategic about … and particularly the learning development units in organizations … to get strategic about how they assist performance as we move forward from the industrial age to the information age.
There’s a number of different ways we can work with that, but there are just pressures that make it challenging. That’s one example of a leverage point throughout the design process where we could get a better starting point, and once we have that starting point, we can execute against it fairly reliably to do better. There are some other points, but that’s one of the key ones that really can make a big difference.
Sanjay Nasta: Access to subject matter expert time is always a big issue for us. That’s a struggle, because they usually have day jobs, right? I mean, if they’re experts, they’re well regarded. They have a day job, they’re already busy, and this is an added-on responsibility. Do you have specific tactics that help you get better results out of subject matter experts?
Clark Quinn: I do. I think there’s a couple of things that will make a difference. When you’re hiring outside experts, maybe you’re producing learning for the market, you might have to reward them for their time, and then you have a strict … actually, in many cases that’s easier, because you can have a strict relationship expectation statement that says, you know, upon this, you will get paid. It’s internal experts that tend to be harder, and yet you need your business partners who you’re developing this for to acknowledge that you can’t do it without access to them. Part of it is in setting the expectations up front in what the relationship has to be, and being very concrete about why it has to be.
Clark Quinn: True, but there’s some requirements, I believe … and I’m willing to be wrong … and you take whatever risks are associated with that. The point being, take the initial material. Get the material beforehand, the PDFs and the PowerPoints, and don’t just slap them up on the screen but understand them enough, and use some real-world knowledge enough and talk to some triangular stakeholders, and [pre-seed 07;34] what you think is likely to be the information you need from those SME, and then have them critique it. Instead of having them generate it, have them critique it, and they’ll fix stuff that’s wrong, but you’ve done a lot of the work for them so you get the maximum input.
Like I said, also triangulating, so getting it from the supervisor of the people you’re training, who aren’t necessarily the same as the subject matter experts, and find out the problems that they still exhibit even after training, and bring that back in and say, “Well, we’re going to make those alternatives.” If you can get several subject matter experts, ideally getting several and getting them to work together really helps unpack that thinking, but that’s even more of a time commitment, as you point out.
There’s prethinking and giving them something to critique instead of asking them to produce it all ahead of time, and being [inaudible 08:21] with questions and having a dialogue with them to maximize their time are a couple of things that will help you get the best outputs from the least amount of time investment on their part.
Clark Quinn: Absolutely, Sanjay, and you’re right. Even before you talk with subject matter experts, you should be determining that there’s a real need that this course you’re designing is going to achieve. What is the problem? What is the gap between what we’re observing and what we should be observing, so we have a very specific focus, and how do we know that there’s that gap? That’s where you kind of do a measurement. People come in and ask for courses, and really you need to push back and say, “Well, what is the problem we’re solving?” This gets into performance consulting, and you identify. You say, “Sales, as you point out, is easy. Are we closing at an appropriate rate? What’s our time to closure? What’s our hit rate?”
That’s where wrapping good course design should be inside a broader process of performance consulting, and then when we determine the learning experience, then we talk to the subject matter experts. Then we determine what should be in the decision course, but you can’t get there just when somebody says, “Okay, let’s start talking to an expert about a course.” You need to start beforehand and say, “What is the business unit’s measure that is not up to scratch?” If they can’t give that to you, you have a problem.
What’s not happening in the call center that should? Are customers unhappy? Are you not able to solve their problems, or is it taking too long to solve their problems? Let’s get specific here, and then you can design your training to address the real problem. Obviously, this is hard, but at the end of the day, that’s the strategic move that’s part of L&D has to name.
Sanjay Nasta: The software industry went through the same thing, right? I mean, before QuickBooks, every business we consulted with said, “Oh, our accounting needs are unique,” and I will tell you, for most small businesses, QuickBooks and then Great Plains, then Oracle, can cover all accounting needs. It’s amazing how many times regulatory compliance training gets designed.
I will also tell you that I think in the minds of stakeholders and management, training gets painted with the same brush. They don’t differentiate between regulatory and compliance training and performance training, and I think that’s some of the marketing issues we have, getting the folks who are making the decisions to buy training to understand that there is a difference. I don’t know if you agree or disagree.
I’m suggesting there’s three major elements, processes around working with SMEs, processes that have great definition around how to make each of those elements work well, and getting the right connections, people working together at the right touch points to get the maximum benefit of creativity and quality along the way.
Clark Quinn: Oh, sure. The military, the airline industry, places where people die if you get the answer wrong. You look at military and airline and medicine and they have either a lot of simulator practice or they have a lot of mentored practice, and that’s really the key. The rest of it’s idiosyncratic. If you happen to have an insightful, clever L&D manager who gets this and you look at what they do, they have action and reflection. That’s what learning is. We act in the world and reflect on it. To the extent that we’re good at reflection, we become more powerful learners, and one of the areas of focus could be just sort of learning to learn.
Sanjay Nasta: I was reading through your “Serious eLearning Manifesto,” and I love the summary. I think I’m going to make a poster and stick it in all our IDs’ offices. The move from content-focused to perform-focused, the move from efficient for authors to meaningful learning, and attendance-driven to engagement-driven, all of those will be very powerful changes in the industry. I get in deep trouble sometimes because I challenge what our industry is doing. I challenge the quality of the work that we are doing. I can’t politely repeat that in an interview, though. How has the traction been on the “eLearning Manifesto”? Are you starting to get some traction?
Clark Quinn: We’ve had traction. We got buy-in from ASTD and [inaudible 16:52] and ISPI and “Training” magazine, and we’ve had continuing people signing up, so we’ve gotten mind space. People have come up and said, “Oh, I love it,” but where I’ve seen a barrier is people having the momentum to make the change to do it. I have to give credit. That wasn’t me alone. That was with Michael Allen and Allen Interactions, who’s been decades at the, you know, ledge. Julie Dirksen, who wrote the great book “Design for How People Learn,” and Will Thalheimer, one of our great translators of research into practice.
Sanjay Nasta: We should wrap up, but there’s one question that comes out of that. I think the principles are great. The challenges to achieve the principles are partially tool-based and process-based. I think a lot of our designers are still having challenges with the process to achieve these values and the tools to achieve these values. I’ve seen it in other industries. In mobile, when we moved from web to mobile, the first thing we did was we copied the web, and the applications that got deep buy-in were designed for mobile. I think we have to have processes that allow us to design for effectiveness. We have to have marketing to solve that. I think that’s part of what’s going to drive adoption. I will tell you, from the management suite, the folks are ready for it, because it’s a challenge to them to achieve this.
Clark Quinn: Well, I think it’s well past time where CFOs are going, “Can you justify the money we’re spending on this?” I use this lightly and it’s probably insensitive, but I call us a faith-based industry. We have faith that if we follow the process, it’s what’s good. We don’t test it, we don’t measure it, and the rest of our business has faith that we know what we’re doing. They know learning is important and what we do looks like schooling, so it should be good, and they forget that schooling wasn’t particularly successful in their learning experience. I don’t mean to be irreverent, but I’m trying to find an angle that says, “We’ve got to get away from just this belief and start testing ourselves, and becoming as innovative as we expect other industries and organizations to be.”
Sanjay Nasta: The problem is, in this age, I can get any piece of information in a second on Google. It’s the wisdom to use that information that is of value. The era of memorizing information is over. That’s too bad. I’ve passed lots of tests by retaining information, but I think it’s closer to what I experienced in engineering school where information didn’t help you a lot. It was frequently open-book. It was the problem that you had to solve that helped you.
Sanjay Nasta: Clark, we should probably wrap up, but as usual, we talked for a bit of time. Every time we get together, we get evangelical about this. I really appreciate your time. Anything you’d like to add to close this conversation?
"Heathrow, Gatwick, Downing Street... You're next. You get me bruv?
When is the last time you thought of something you were grateful for? Often times we get caught up in what isn’t exactly perfect in our lives and forget to be thankful for what is going right.
Become an official Happster & get free happy notes here: http://tinyurl.com/imahappster
We've pretty much got it all... so why are we women so miserable?
Well, here we are then. We've done it, we females of the species - we've pretty much got it all. Success, love, careers, sexual freedom, babies. We're running countries, for goodness' sake, huge, powerful ones like Germany and Bangladesh and one of us - Hillary Clinton - nearly got to be the most powerful person on Earth.
And this is the real point - men are not. According to the same research, men are getting happier and, moreover, are even happier as they get older.
Of course, being dissatisfied has got humanity where we are today. We always want more, we always want to better what we've got and, as a result, humankind progresses.
Measured in terms of guilt, exhaustion, fear (yes, I do mean fear - fear that the creche catches fire, or the au pair gets involved in a long phone conversation and the two-year-old wanders out into the road), well, it doesn't get much pricier than that.
Was it for this, you wonder, that you struggled to get your 2:1 in Classics or fought your way up the company ladder and got a car and key to the executive washroom? What are you doing here at home? How did that happen?
There would be no conflict, no self-doubt and, most importantly, no guilt; you'd just have to settle down and get on with it and wait for your turn to go back to the real world.
Why, for example, do men get happier as they get older, while we get more miserable?
Julian Ranger, the UK financier who is raising cash for Astrobotic, said: 'We believe we can get the cost [of reaching the moon] down to $50m, a price tag that will transform lunar exploration and make the moon a target for for all sorts of commercial operations.
'Part of our business plan will be to get our rover to move round the site and take a 3D high-definition film of it.
'We hope to use SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket to get to the moon.The cost would normally be around $100m, but we hope we can negotiate a special deal for this high-profile project.'
For the cloud and general datacenter users, there will be two standard gigabit Ethernet ports, although they’ll be glad to sell additional capability to add 10GbE as an option as well. While HPC is all about the IOPS, latency and general performance, Chadhury says that the cloud customers simply want to get up and running as soon as possible—it’s all about time to delivery, he says
IBM took their cues from the positive responses around offering front accessibility (as with the iDataPlex systems) and carried that over to NextScale. Chaudhry freely admits that while iDataPlex was made for its own configuration and offered little flexibility, the idea with NextScale was to “keep all the things we liked and get rid of other things, like the full-width server versus this 8.5 inch wide but deep (versus shallow) approach.”
Drivers may implement the rendering/filtering slightly differently, and you may not get a consistent render across devices or browsers
The maximum line width is driver-dependent. Users running ANGLE, for example, will get a maximum of 1.0, which is pretty useless. On my new Yosemite machine, line width maxes out at about 10.
A typical way of achieving this is to get the normals for each point along a path, and expand outwards by half the thickness on either side. For an implementation, see polyline-normals. The math behind the miter join is discussed here.
More advanced meshes may need to emit new geometries for end caps, bevel joins, feathering, and so forth. Handling these edge cases can get fairly complex, as you can see in Vaser C/C++ source.
As with most things in WebGL, there are a dozen ways to skin a cat. The above demos were implemented with rather low-level abstractions so you can get a sense of what is going on, and decide for yourself the most suitable approach for your next application. Some other approaches that might be viable:
This comic thus explores the difference between the idealised view of Git's architecture, and its actual typical usage. Tutorials for Git tend to use simple systems in their examples, and only deal with the most basic commands to get started, which can create the misleading impression that Git can be used effectively without extensive study.
If you get errors... [ edit ]
It may even be a reference to the infamous tweet "Git gets easier once you get the basic idea that branches are homeomorphic endofunctors mapping submanifolds of a Hilbert space" which has been discussed here but it is inconclusive whether a meaningful interpretation exists.
Whoops This article is still in progress. An early draft was unintentionally posted here thanks to Randall's troubled approach to git, and it took a little bit to get everything sorted out and rolled back. Sorry for the mixup!
[Cueball points to a computer on a desk while Ponytail and Hairy are standing further away behind an office chair.] Cueball: This is git. It tracks collaborative work on projects through a beautiful distributed graph theory tree model. Ponytail: Cool. How do we use it? Cueball: No idea. Just memorize these shell commands and type them to sync up. If you get errors, save your work elsewhere, delete the project, and download a fresh copy.
3. Added caching! I discovered that BitcoinCharts doesn't like it when API requests are made more than once every 15 minutes... so now I'm caching all outgoing API requests to speed up the process. BitcoinCharts data will be cached for 16 minutes, Mt. Gox and Open Exhcange will be cached for 2 minutes just to get a speed boost.
More than four years later, on Aug. 16, campaigning as the VP pick of the party that would have let GM be liquidated, Ryan told a crowd, "One of the reasons that plant got shut down was $4 gasoline. You see, this costs jobs. The president's terrible energy policies are costing us jobs."
I couldn't help thinking that Wednesday night we have been sold a bill of goods by a slick-haired, earnest-looking, fast-talking salesman. Harold Hill, move over. Apologies to Meredith Willson of The Music Man fame, but if these guys win — we surely got trouble, my friends. Trouble with a capital "T" and that rhymes with "P" and that stands for Paul.
So in the course of 2 hours I both got a new free tier AWS account (I lost the credentials for my other one), spun up a machine, and started the upload of the archive. I had to get a larger than default (but still free) EBS volume or the extracted archive wouldn’t fit. After that it was almost literally:
Sadly and maybe unsurprisingly I discovered that gzip was terrible for these kinds of binaries. I ended up just using rsync with compression to get the remaining 5 gB of files after cleaning them up.
For me, one of the things that is really special about it is that she is not special. She's just a little girl dealing in this world of paranoid and intense people with zombies running around, and she has only herself to get through it. She isn't special. She's not running around with guns. She doesn't have any magic powers. She's just doing everything she can to survive, as any one of us would.
Dennis Lenart, director, Telltale Games: You're going to see action sequences at the start of the game, but it's not the same as Lee was. Lee was a full-grown man. The way he deals with people and the way he deals with zombies is very, very different from Clementine. She can shoot a gun, but she's not running around the world with a bunch of guns just taking out zombies right and left. She's got to use her environment. She's got to use everything she has to her advantage. So, the way we're approaching action sequences in Season Two is a little bit different. It's focused on her vulnerabilities and the different strengths that she has, which is very, very different from what Lee brought to Season One.
I think part of the core of this whole game, too, is making her the opposite of a space Marine. So, she doesn't have different guns. She doesn't have special powers. She's not super-oddly strong for a young girl. We really try to make you feel like you are a young girl in the zombie apocalypse, and you have all the same limitations that she would have. I think that's what we're really excited about with Season Two. It's a challenge that you get personally involved in. That's what makes it fun to play, is you put yourself into unique situations and you have to make the decisions, and you have to try to roleplay them in a variety of different ways. That's what's fun about it.
Unlike a horror movie, you get to actually interact with the experience in ways never before possible. Are the footsteps real or just your imagination? What happens when the floor collapses beneath you? Will your flashlight be enough to ward off bats, spiders, demons, and zombies? Absolutely not.
On top of that, we deliver the whole experience to up to 4 users wirelessly, removing the need for a pesky tether of cables that can disconnect a user from the immersion we are trying to maintain. The end result is so immersive, that your mammal brain knows it couldn't possibly be real, but your reptilian brain responds as though it is. This experience delivers the first steps to the promise of VR we all remember from the 90's, and it's only going to get better from here.
At VRcade, we use faceshift technology to accomplish 2 goals. One, we provide a means for you to get your head scanned and placed into The Nightmare Machine as part of the horror attraction. As you can see, your friends will be able to easily recognize a familiar face once inside.
So if you are an artist, musician, code-monkey (or code-ninja), game designer, narrative designer, hardware specialist, visit our humble little developer portal and get in touch!
As you can see, the majority of the money raised in this campaign will go towards building hardware. A chunk gets set aside for Kickstarter, a small portion goes to indie developers who win the game-jam competitions, and then the last major piece will go towards paying for additional staffing and decorations for the event. We want to make sure you have the best end-to-end experience, and this means making everything look and feel like a traditional haunted house and make sure there is plenty of assistance to make the whole process run smoothly and make sure nobody gets hurt.
You will notice that no initial percentage goes towards Experience Development. That is because we are going to be doing this one way or another. We're hoping the horror development community will help in a big way, but we're also dedicated to making this a success. That being said, any extra funds raised from the campaign that exceed the target goal will go towards additional experience development on our end. That is just like it sounds: the more money we raise, the better and more terrifying the experience for you! So tell everyone you know, get your head scanned and come to the party. Most of all, let's have a lot of fun with this!
Each weekend during the campaign we will be holding a game jam to get us closer to our first live test at EMP museum on September 15, 2014.
A former Arkansas police officer, who was fired after he exposed an undercover officer’s sex acts with a prostitute, has filed a lawsuit to get his job back.
The department also found that the undercover officer acted in accordance with department policy when he took off his clothes and allowed the woman to perform sex acts on him before he arrested her. In fact, the department accused Bales of revealing police tactics, arguing that most people did not know that officers were allowed to get naked.
Over 7,000 new iPads are scheduled to land at a handful of airports over the next 18 months, thanks to airport restaurateur OTG. The company has already installed 300 new iPads at LaGuardia Airport Terminal D, with 2,000 more to come. Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport and Toronto Pearson International Airport are scheduled to get 2,500 new iPads each.
Call it the Bannon Test: If Steve says you’re crossing a line, then you should absolutely take a step back and reconsider how you got to this point. This is exactly what happened when Trump made the snap decision to fire James Comey earlier this week. Bannon, and many others in the White House, told Trump to wait until a more opportune moment, but Trump, whose impulse control is somewhere between beagle and 5-year-old, couldn’t wait. He fired his FBI director and kicked up a shitstorm that could be an existential threat to his administration.
I truly feel like I got another chance at life!
“It’s a shame and embarrassment to New York that three-and-a-half months after the convictions of these leaders, not one piece of anti-corruption legislation was passed, whether it was tied to budget or not,” Dadey, told The American Prospect. “The budget provided leverage to get a strong package passed. It’s unfathomable that our three political leaders could not find a common ground to address the corruption in New York state.”
AP Photo/Mike Groll, File In this February 25, 2016 file photo, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo gets off a recreational vehicle before a rally to raise the minimum wage in Albany, N.Y. New York leaders are once again brushing off questions about ethics reform, despite polls showing overwhelming public dismay at the chronic corruption in New York's Capitol.
The political drama stuck to a script that, to reform advocates, was becoming familiar. “In Albany, this is how the stage gets set for each legislative house to praise itself and to blame the other for the failure, yet again, of meaningful reform, and for Mr. Cuomo to blame them both,” The New York Times editorial board declared.
“The Iraqi security forces, in order to mount an offensive and be able to operate effectively with the support of populations in Sunni areas, are going to have to revamp, get resupplied -- have a clearer strategy,” he said. “That’s all going to be dependent on a government that the Iraqi people and the Iraqi military have confidence in. We can help in all those efforts.”
The Bravissimo store in Cheltenham is a combined Bravissimo (D+ bras) and Pepperberry (bust-friendly clothing) store in the Regent Arcard, an indoor mall in a convenient city center location. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, I had just about 45 minutes to shop and only got through one set of try-ons at Bravissimo in my limited time window. Boo. I didn’t have time to look in the Pepperberry store at all, which is located downstairs from the Bravissimo. It was a dedicated trip just for bras, but dependent on my partner’s patience, which wears thin after about 20 minutes … but I digress.
Apologies for the cell phone photos and that I didn’t get to take that many interior shots because I wanted to spend more time trying on bras!
When I entered the store and began looking around, within less than a minute, a friendly sales associate greeted me and asked if I needed any help. I wanted to browse first, so she told me to let someone know if I needed any assistance. Simple. No pressure to get fitted off the bat or pushy sales bumph. I had a quick walk around, checking to see if they had the bras on my list. I really wanted to look at every. single. bra. I spied a few Bravissimo house brand ones that I didn’t know about and wish I had the time to try on, like the cheerful Esther longline. Unfortunately, I could feel the time ticking away, so I chose carefully and still ended up with too many.
While there are a lot of bra and panty sets hanging up around the store, only a limited size range is actually on the rack, which makes sense due to limited space. I think ettiquette-wise it’s fine to pull your own size if you see it, but generally it seems to be the case that you ask a sales associate to get what you’re interested in and bring it to the fitting room for you. I also recommend asking for any additional styles that might not be on the rack. For example, only one Freya padded half cup bra was on display – Kiyoko – which didn’t interest me, but the associate was able to bring me two different ones from the back – Strawberry Fields and Utopia.
When we got to the fitting room, she explained that she brought everything I asked for in a 28G to start with. Okay, no big deal I guess, but I know that my 28Gs at the moment are gaping due to recent weight loss, which I had explained when requesting 28FFs. I felt like that was a bit of a waste of time. That said, the fitter might have considered that my current bras were just worn out and not the wrong size and wanted to check for herself. Regardless, I had never tried a padded Bravissimo bra and nothing from them in size 28G, so when she handed the bras over, I went straight for Etta to get started.
Before I had even finished scooping and swooping, there was a knock on the door asking how I was getting on. It couldn’t have been more than a minute and a half after I closed the fitting room door. Truth be told, unless I’m having a fit issue or I’m really unsure and want a second opinion, I don’t need a fitter’s help at this stage in the game. I am also still not 100% comfortable with standing in a bra in front of a stranger. But I wanted to get a full experience for the purpose of this review and to compare it to last year’s trip to the same store. So I let her have a look at Etta in 28G and she agreed to bring a smaller cup size in that bra while I tried the others.
When she left to fetch me another smaller size, I went for bra #3. The knock came before I even had my boobs in the cups. Even though I had limited time, I began to feel too rushed between bras, so I let her know that I just needed a few more minutes. If anything, my only criticism of my experience this year and last year alike was the timing of the sales associate when I was in the fitting room. The store wasn’t crowded or anything. It takes me some time to get a bra on and then see and feel how it fits. I can’t do that if I only have 1-2 minutes to try on a bra and then the fitter comes back and removes the bras I tried for a mere 30 seconds.
That said, this is exactly the same thing that happened last year with a completely different fitter: a lot of quick knocks at the beginning, then nothing for ages. On this visit, I was there for another 25 minutes and no one ever came back to help me. At one stage, I had to peek my head out of the fitting room door and get another associate who was helping a different customer to chase down my fitter. Then, when I wanted a final opinion on the fit of the bra I was definitely going to buy, she had disappeared again. I couldn’t wait for her any longer and had to get dressed and go out onto the floor to try to find someone.
When I shop for bras in person (admittedly a rarity since hardly anyone carries 28-bands), I am reminded that not everyone is as bra obsessed as myself and other denizens of the online bra fitting community. Having researched hundreds of bras online, I come into a fitting knowing most of the bras on the rack inside-out. I tend to call all the bras by their names and of course know which recommendations won’t work because I’ve tried so many of them already. The sales assistant that I asked for the Etta longline had to check the tag to confirm the name and another mistakenly called it the Satine longline (because it’s based on the popular Satine plunge by Bravissimo). We got there in the end, but I realized afterwards that just because I know every Freya half cup that is a 3-part vs. 4-part, or a Patsy-clone vs. a Lauren-clone, doesn’t mean that’s part of everyone’s repertoire.
This isn’t exactly a return to the Wilderness Years, but how do we get our Doctor Who fix while BBC is sorting out everything behind the scenes?
Don’t worry, fellow Whovian! I created this survival guide so you can find something to tide you over until series 10 airs. This is, by no means, a complete list of supplementary media as I left out a lot of things. If you want a quick fix, though, this will help you get started.
Trader Joe's also has a "Fearless Flyer" that showcases new products or highlighted products of the month. The flyer is sent out periodically to homes upon request with no charge, and is available in-store. The company sends out "E-Flyers" that are only accessible online. Both flyers include stories about new products, a description, and even recipes.[30] On May 1, 2018, Trader Joe's launched their first podcast, "Inside Trader Joe's". This podcast has five episodes and features crew members, store captains and executives. Listeners can learn about the way the retailer does business, where and how they discover new products, get answers to frequently asked questions, and more.[31]
Oh, and it’ll parallel park for you, too. That feature has made its way into other cars, of course — but it works well in the Model S. It’s fast, and perfectly smooth. It doesn’t feel like you’re being parked by a robot; instead, it feels like you’ve got a really talented human parking the car.
5 Leave No Trace Tips for Winter Trips Jan 11, 2019 Reno, NV: Winter is a great time to get outside and enjoy nature, but it can also make your favorite outdoor spaces even more susceptible to harmful impacts. Here are 5 things you should always consider on a winter trip to help... Winter is a great time to get outside and enjoy nature, but it can also make your favorite outdoor spaces even more susceptible to harmful impacts. Here are 5 things you should always consider on a winter trip to help... Read More Leave No Trace Guidance During Government Shutdown Jan 09, 2019 You’ve read the disturbing stories reported from our national parks, now that the partial government shutdown has moved into January. The situation is serious: Wildlife picking through bins piled high with trash, latrines overflowing with waste and... Read More
Running from mid-April to mid-October in both ’64 and ’65, the fair was immense. Which is why the 312-page guide put out by the editors of Time-Life Books featured a welcome message in which Robert Moses, the event’s proud president, implored visitors to “study the fair. Come often. When you get here, don’t rush.”
1. You could get there by helicopter and by hydrofoil.
18. You could get converted by Billy Graham.
21. You could also get inside the mind of a missionary.
48. You could eat a 12-course luau and get a canoe ride from a “beach boy.”
Carroll crashed to the ground after running into a Miami player attempting to set a block and appeared to land awkwardly on his wrist. He was on the ground for some time, with teammates looking on as he was attended to under the Heat basket. When Carroll got up, he headed slowly to the Toronto locker-room in obvious pain, holding his left wrist.
"It was very scary," said Raptors forward Patrick Patterson. "I didn't know what happened, I didn't really get a good look at it. But I stood up and he was still laying down on the ground.
A lot of us tuned into this event to get some hardware news, and Microsoft delivered. While what we ended up getting wasn’t named the Surface Book 2, it might as well be. The Surface Book i7 does everything that made the original Surface Book great and does it all with bigger and better hardware. This clean-cut, nice-looking video gives us a look at one of the prettiest laptops that are on the market today.
This takes a break from the more theatrical nature of the other videos and opts to give you a few testimonials. Hearing professionals talk about how the Surface Studio helps them do wonders to sell the device. Mix this praise with some upbeat instrumentals and a few great shots of the Studio at work, and you’ve got a solid ad.
If you don’t feel like dropping the money on any new hardware this year, you can still get excited about the Windows 10 Creator’s Update. The update is all about empowering creators of all kinds, and this video does wonders for that. From showcasing Groove Music Maker, to taking a look at the new streaming function from the Xbox Game Bar, to exploring Windows 10’s new fascination with 3d, this ad helps you get an idea of what the update is all about.
Also, I advise you to get acquainted with this ancient painting of 1341:
[1] For instance: “Gennady Seleznyov, the Speaker of the Duma, made a speech on the floor of Parliament on the morning of September 13, 1999. ‘I have just received a report,’ he announced to legislators. ‘An apartment building in the city of Volgodonsk was blown up last night.’ While Seleznyov got the basics right – an apartment building had indeed just been blown up – he had the wrong city; the blast that morning had been at 6/3 Kashirskoye Highway in Moscow. This put the Speaker in an awkward spot when an apartment building in Volgodonsk was blown up three days later.” [2] Alexander Litvinenko, for example, was a former FSB agent who blew the whistle on the Apartment Bombings and ended up dying a slow, painful radiation-induced death after being poisoned with a kind of Polonium that could only be obtained at a specific former nuclear site in Russia. Putin himself later awarded the man suspected by the British government of murdering Litvinenko a medal of honour.
The story got a new turn last week when Detroit paid out $120,000 settlement to Miller and Mitchell for the incident. It is great that the right of Americans to self-defense was recognized. It’s a pity taxpayers have to pay for the police mistakes again! PD says neither of the cops involved are currently employed with the Detroit PD, although they are allegedly working for agencies in the Metro Detroit area. I wonder how many more criminal cops continue to work for the Force? How much more meaningless brutality do we have to face before PDs start firing criminals in blue?
"It felt like an opportunity I couldn't say no to," said Pedrie, 23. "It's something I worked my whole life to get to, and I couldn't say no to that."
"As usual, there will be a learning curve for a young D-man like Vince," McCambridge said, "but it was a good step in his development to come in at the end of last season and just get a feel for where his game is and where it needs to be in order for him to play for the Rangers."
“We’re super glad he’s back,” Young added. “We love having him around because he’s always got a smile on his face. He has fun out there. Guys respond to him.”
To Kikaha, ACL repairs are now routine for top surgeons. The real issue, Kikaha said, is the lengthy and painful rehabilitation, and the mental commitment required to get through it.
“I’ve got to keep focused on that,” he said, “or I will be out, like a bunch of guys have ended up.”
And that’s great! You never have to live up to the pressure of “being yourself.” There’s no real “you.” It’s just “be everybody else.” Just act accordingly to your approximate personality and upbringing bracket. You can use your peers to gauge your own success in life, and get really hopelessly mad at yourself when you don’t have everything they have that you want.
And when you scream and cry out to the vast, empty, unhearing cosmos, you get to know everyone else is doing that too! The universe won’t even let you revel in your misery. So, basically, there’s nothing ever worth worrying about.
“We've learned over the years what works and what motivates them, and now we can bring all of that together in one place along with the right resources and experts,” he said. “If we get to them early enough, we can hopefully keep them on the right track to a bigger and brighter future for themselves and their families."
“With Chris, last year they wanted him to be a little bit more of a situational pass rusher. They ended up playing him more than they wanted to. We recognized that, you could kind of see it on tape. But he’s been here, he’s got a specific attitude about him. Losing Bruce (Irvin in free agency), some of those reps that Bruce was taking as a situational rusher, that’s really kind of how we see Chris. With Brandon, it was really a situation where the last two places he’s been — New England and then New Orleans — he’s been a strong leader for them. When you have to make those decisions to move on from a guy because you can’t afford him and then yet they still want to come back to your family, your team, your organization, that’s big for us. So it was a way for us to accentuate that. Now how we use him, that’s still to be determined.”
“Both guys are really special competitors and they’re really tough-minded guys and we loved them when we had them, we hated when we had to lose them. So the opportunity arose and John figured it out and jumped at it. Both guys come back, and they bring something special to us. Clemons is a really adept rusher, and he’ll be good to help our young guys learn, too. If we can keep it in the mode that we want to and the numbers of plays we want to, we think we can really keep him effective. Brandon’s got some special skills as we know, and he’s very aggressive coverage-wise and makes things happen. So we’re going to do some different things with him you’ll see in the future. We have a nice plan for it. So we’re excited about both those guys coming back. Fun to have in the building.”
Schneider added that continued enhancements in how the team monitors the conditioning of players makes it easier to bring back veterans and know how to get the most out of them.
“When you get those guys, guys like this, I would say four or five years ago we wouldn’t be able to do something like this,’’ Schneider said. “But with Sam Ramsden and his staff on the sports science group working with our coaches and the trainers and strength and conditioning guys, we’re able to track them a little bit better and monitor how we’re using them, how they’re practicing, and can we help them where they are at physically.”
Oath Keepers boarded up a bunch of the storefronts and started night rotations on several rooftops. … Fearing more arsonists, Oath Keeper volunteers kept buckets of water, fire extinguishers and other nonlethal weapons on the rooftops. Some are also armed with rifles that aren’t available at Walmart and Cabela’s. The volunteers said they were well aware of the risk to life that arson can play and the legal right to stop it from happening. Group volunteers say they are confident they have helped protect property and lives since they arrived. Victor Clark, a dentist at Ferguson Dental on South Florissant Road, said he was happy to have the Oath Keepers’ free assistance. He wants to reopen his business soon. On Monday, rioters shattered the front door and window, and stole dental needles and anesthetic. Then Oath Keepers showed up out of the blue. “We gave them our keys,” he said. “We didn’t know that much about them, but we got a feeling of trust. You have to do something to protect our building.”
Maybe if they throw a few Molotov cocktails through innocent people’s windows, they can get the folks in charge on their side.
But the report says the economic outlook is bleak, as many employees do not expect their financial situation to get better any time soon. Just 33 per cent nationally and 36 per cent in Alberta expect the economy to improve over the next year.
A Mt. Pleasant woman says her Homeowners Association (HOA) is forcing her to get rid of her dog, even though it's done nothing wrong.
Butler got a letter from the HOA at Seaside Farms. It says she has a "pit bull dog" at her house and pit bulls are not permitted on Seaside Farms property. The letter says if she doesn't remove the dog, there will be fines and possible legal action to take the dog away.
The HOA told Nancy she needed to get a letter from a veterinarian saying Bee is not a pit bull. She got three of those letters from three different veterinarians and the HOA is still threatening to take the dog away. Joe Elmore, CEO of the Charleston Animal Society, says it isn't even possible for Bee to be a "pit bull".
"We knew it was going to be a chance," said shortstop Elvis Andrus, who had a couple of tough plays among five straight balls late to help preserve the lead. "We talked to everybody, we've got 60-something games ahead. Baseball is so crazy. You don't know what's going to happen."
The second-inning play turned what looked like an extra-base hit into a sacrifice fly for Shane Victorino, and Hamilton scrambled to his feet to get the ball back in. Pujols had to run back to third to tag up and barely beat the relay throw.
Sony's No Good Deeds was the top film on Friday, as the Idris Elba/Taraji P. Henson home invasion thriller earned a pretty terrific $8.8 million on its first day of release. The $13.5m thriller courted a bit of controversy this week when Sony decided at the last minute to pull all scheduled press screenings, citing their desire to keep secret a climactic plot twist. The critics did get their hands into the picture on Friday and as expected they were pretty brutal. Did Sony merely decide to not screen the film for critics because they knew it was a critic-proof movie anyway (they went through a period in early 2006 where they released a bunch of movies sans-press screenings to relative box office success)? Or did the scenes of Idris Elba stalking, beating, and (no spoilers) possibly killing women gave executives worry after the Ray Rice domestic violence situation? I'll leave you to speculate, but audiences didn't care and the end result is still a rock-solid debut weekend for the Will Packer-produced thriller.
I'm sure I'm supposed to tell you how sad it is that it won't open as high as the first film, but I won't. The original isn't exactly a family classic. There are no real "added value elements," no kid-friendly celebrity like Ariana Grande showing up as a darker and scarier villain who planned to get caught and makes the kids and adults question the moral simplicity of the first film ("Look out behind you, Harry Connick, Jr.! Noooooooo!") to make the sequel stand out. The fact that it will open pretty close to the original while costing the same counts as a win in my book. I'll be seeing this with the whole family on Sunday, despite not having seen the first one. If anyone wants to catch me up on what I'm sure is an incredibly complicated web of world-building established in the first Dolphin Tale, that's what the comments section is for.
Seattle Seahawks QB Russell Wilson at the Rose Bowl before the shoot. Wilson’s competitiveness shined through as he made members of the EA SPORTS crew pair off and run routes to help him get loose.
Russell got his game face on.
Colin and Russell got their first crack at Madden NFL 25 in the Rose Bowl locker room. The guys played for an hour, video game man against video game man.
Maybe it's a generational thing. You can say "email has a lot of spam" and not even raise granny's eyebrow any more. Knowledge of 419 scams is becoming so common, they even tape signs on the monitors at Internet cafes forbidding them. Malware certainly gets a lot of ink... heck, it's half the reason some people come to Linux.
Labour would have two weeks to get a Queen’s Speech through the Commons and a Sinn Fein insider refused to rule out taking the historic step of taking seats if Republican-supporting Mr Corbyn offered a referendum on Irish unification.
A Sinn Fein insider said: “It’s entirely speculative - we shouldn’t get into the realms of what if, what if, what if.”
My gift arrived via post yesterday, but as nobody was in the house when it arrived, there was a 'sorry we missed you card' waiting for me. My local post office depot is open quite difficult hours, so I ran there at 8am this morning as it's my last chance to get there before Saturday and I didn't want to keep my Santa waiting for a gallery post!
You're right Santa, the theme of book does hit the escapism nail on the head. It was so nice to get me something that my niece can enjoy too. I may wait until she's a bit better at colouring (she's terrible :| even for a four year old) to let her colour it in with me, but she can certainly colour in her My Little Pony books next to me, and will love helping with the searching activity!
Thanks so much Santa! I can't wait to get started.
"We had to let a group play through us because they couldn’t figure out how to get him back up the hill," Bettencourt said. "They had to put him on a board to get him up the hill."
Protesters at a May Day march in Seattle, Washington clashed with police during what law enforcement called "a riot" on Friday. Officers deployed flashbangs and pepper spray to try and get the crowd under control.
“It's important that he gets out in the community and shows what QPR is – a family football club.
Looking around at holiday decorations and sales, we noticed an alarming lack of zombies.We need to fix that.To help you spread the zombie cheer through the holiday seasons, we have put the games on sale today for 75% off. This includes Left 4 Dead Left 4 Dead 2 , the bundles, the four packs – everything is 75% off today!We also put all our L4D & L4D2 merchandise on sale at the Valve store . This includes the holiday cards at 75% discount! ( L4D1 L4D2 ) We also have shirts, posters, mouse pads and more on sale.One of the most requested gift items we see is the health kit back pack. We don’t sell them but Glitch Gaming Apparel does. If you use the coupon code “I Love L4D2”, you will get $4 off any order.I know what some of you are thinking, you are NOT a last minute gift kind of person. You are a preparing for the Zombie Apocalypse kind of person. You prepare early. Your 2011 gifts were delivered last June. You are picking out your Halloween decorations this week. You're thinking about your 2012 gifts already. We respect that. For you we have an articulated action figure boomer . It was created by NECA and will go on sale early next spring for under $20 at major retailers. Just in time for your 2012 holiday gift buying.
How her straight A's got her a full ride from Spelman College.
She tells her mom she's starving, and that she wants to get Italian food.
Sheila smiles knowingly, hands Philip the car keys and gets into the back seat.
Confidence in the accuracy of forecasts isn't improved when key facts get lost in translation. No one is immune. Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn was once asked about the capacity of its Tennessee plant to build the Leaf EV. Ghosn replied, "We start production in Smyrna at the end of 2012, at which point there will be capacity for 150,000 annually." When that statement was picked up by Reuters, it became "Nissan will build more than 100,000 electric vehicles a year when it starts U.S. production of the zero-emission vehicles at its Smyrna, Tennessee plant in two to three years' time. " As any student of the auto industry will tell you, there is a huge difference between the capacity of a plant to build cars and the number it eventually builds. Ghosn, who is extremely bullish about the EV outlook, was made to look more bullish than he actually was.
Mitt Romney did not back down from his feud with Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE at a GOP dinner Tuesday night.
We were really comfortable with the way we wanted the songs to sound, and the structure of the songs we wanted to write. We write the music before we put the lyrics together; we’ll use the music to create the inspiration for the direction to the lyrics and it will determine the way I write. So I did a lot of that on the record, taking home the demos and sitting there with them. Obviously, I have a lot to write about and I felt really good about it, really confident the whole time. I didn’t have writer’s block. I didn’t get hung up on anything.
No, I was recording Ocean Avenue Acoustic, and I hadn’t talked to her all day. Her manager called and said, “Hey Ryan, it’s Drew. Alyona has fallen and she can’t feel her legs. We’re on our way to the hospital. Call you when we get there.” I got home, packed my bags and was at the airport. I got the call at 1:30 and I made it to the airport and was on a flight by 4. It was crazy. It’s been a wild ride.
She worked really hard to get into this rehab center in Russia that’s a retreat type thing—it’s kind of a log cabin up in the woods-type place where the doctors live and work there. It’s really hands-on, really detached from the world, so you can just focus. She’s been really happy with it. She’s amazing, it’s been a year and a half, and she’s still doing 6 to 8 hours of therapy every single day. I’m so proud of her. Her first session of that just ended. She’s taken a lot of the work home with her, and she’s with her parents now. They have a nice country house. In a few weeks we’ll be together, and I think after Florida she’s going to go back to the program there for a couple months. Seeing her work as hard as she does, it’s hard for me to complain about anything… I don’t think she has any drive to do athletics anymore, but she has the same drive to walk again; she has the same passion and athletic spirit to focus toward her therapy.
It’s hard to say. I’m trying to learn all there is to learn. They rate these injuries A to E, and B to E are an incomplete injury. Unfortunately, she has an A rating, and it was hard for her to take at the beginning, but she was like, “I’m not going to let these doctors tell me what to do,” or let any rating tell her. She still doesn’t have any sensation below the waist. Sometimes she feels things happening in her legs—they’ll get hot or cold—but there’s not what you’d classify as sensation. We’re going to have to wait and see. I know she’s not going to give up.
We lived in Denver for a year at the hospital in-patient rehab, so when it came time to make the record, I was in L.A. while she was in Denver. I just tried to focus on the record, and I had most of it done when she got to Los Angeles. It was good to have the time to myself to work on it, but it’s certainly been tough being away from her.
My grandfather wrote a lot of poetry his whole life; we have a cool book that my mom and brother made for him once, where they collected all his poetry. He did a voiceover on a Yellowcard song in 2007 on Paper Walls called “Dear Bobbie,” and he got a writing credit. It was cool because it immortalized us, writing a song together. He was a really special man to me. I always looked up to him, and he’s definitely missed, but I feel really happy I have the ability to write songs and do something like write a song for him.
Yeah, when you get to be our age, really at this point, just trying to figure out who’s moving forward in your life and who is not, and who’s going to be with you for the rest of the way, and who isn’t. I think I covered a little bit of that, separating yourself from negativity so you can be in a better place without it. There are a couple songs that go that way. It pulls from what I’ve been through with my wife, the concept of what that was like. She and I have grown a lot—her family is in Russia, mine’s in Florida—so going through that together, the two of us, having it be challenging to have a real support system there, and calling out for help. So that was one different take on that experience.
I didn’t necessarily think they weren’t working, but I don’t have that grit. People think my voice is on Autotune when it’s not. It’s such a pure, clean note that comes out. It was interesting to approach it and see where my voice was going to fit. What I did was really immerse myself in the song and do what I’d never done before as far as dynamic and falsetto. I used a lot of my falsetto on the record, and I love it. I can’t wait to do it live. There were a lot of times where we were like, “The melody’s high, it’s going to be really straining to sing, but it’s the right melody, so why don’t we just do it falsetto?” People will probably be a little taken aback when they hear it for the first time, but it’s a completely comfortable way for me to sing and get the melody out.
I wish so much that we could keep him. But he’s heading home to Florida and starting a coffee brewing company with his brother-in-law. It is a bummer though, because there’s magic in playing with him. He really stepped in and made it amazing. We have a few guys in mind, but we’re definitely not anywhere near making a final decision as to who gets the full-time gig.
Our contract was up with Hopeless, and we had kind of entertained the idea of seeing what was out there. We got pretty close with the guys who run [R[Razor & Tie]We feel really comfortable there and we feel like they really believe in our band. We had a great run with Hopeless; there was no bad blood, there was no real reason behind why we didn’t re-sign. We just wanted to try something new for several reasons on our end and Hopeless’ end. It will be an amazing accomplishment and another dream come true, but [R[R&T]re trying to present us with a radio opportunity again. They have a radio department, and I don’t even know what radio means anymore, but a couple of their bands are doing really well on the radio, and they’re excited about this record. They’re going to go for it, and that’s one of the things we wanted to try, simply because we’re not ready to give up on that. There are some songs that potentially could have a place on the radio. We should go after that if we have the ability and somebody who wants to do it, spend the money and get behind the songs and the band. We look forward to seeing what they may be able to pull off.
On our end, we want to tour and tour some more, so if they can pull off a marketing miracle and get the band up to another level, we’ll be so grateful and we’ll roll with it and keep going. But if that doesn’t happen, we’re not in any kind of trouble. I have a lot of hope for this record to open up a lot of great opportunities for us. We don’t want to be running in place—we really want to grow. I hope the record is going to help us on our path, on our way toward those goals. ALT
Second, quantity. Perfecting the process isn't enough – there is a difference between making a spoonful and enough for the August attacks, which would have needed about half a ton. This assumes a scale only reached by big state production programmes. To put it in perspective, the one verified example of non-state production of sarin was the Aum Shinrikyo cult in Japan. Their many millions of dollars, very large purpose-built manufacturing facility and highly qualified staff got them the ability to make single batches of perhaps 8 litres of short shelf life Sarin. The alleged Aleppo plant wouldn't need to be the size of the Rocky Mountain Arsenal in the US, but it would have needed to be closer to that than the size of a house.
Fifth is logistics. You don't turn precursor material magically into sarin: you need about 9kg to end up with 1kg of sarin. This stuff has to come from somewhere, but where? Hersh omits these details, as do most of the alternative narratives. It is simply assumed that things like phosphorus trichloride and thionyl chloride just get summoned up in vast quantities without someone noticing. Most commentators on this issue have also forgotten about something called conservation of mass. If you use 9kg of material to synthesize 1kg of sarin you end up with 8kg of waste, rather a lot of which is very dangerous, smelly and corrosive. This waste stream has to go somewhere, and someone will notice. There are also the logistics of getting a lot of sarin into rockets and getting those rockets from Aleppo to Damascus.
Sixth, concealment. How do you hide all of this? The building, the supply chain, the people, the money, and the very smelly waste stream. Where are they? They need to be concealed not just from the Syrian regime but from other rebel factions, western intelligence agencies, the Russians, and perhaps even your own people who might desert, get captured or say silly things on YouTube videos. There is deathly silence from Aleppo and we only find out about it from Hersh?
This is one of the most important steps. Use paint thinner to THOROUGHLY clean the ENTIRE area around the damage...you need to get ANY wax or polish or anything off the wheel...I'm going to remind you EVERY step...I probably end up wiping down these surfaces 10 or more times before painting...if you don't do this, the rest is pointless. Also, we want to work ONLY on the area that's damaged...don't go nuts and try to paint half your wheel on the car...for this technique to succeed we want to sand and paint the area only IMMEDIATELY around the damage.
So once you've done the first round of putty, switch to the finer of your sandpaper (400 grit in my case) and sand and putty until it FEELS and LOOKS flush. Note that I use the paper wrapped around a piece of wood to make a flat sanding block. It's best to sand with a flat block to get the smoothest finish:
I've used the thick scratch-filler primer and sanded it and put a bit more putty on. Note that this is the first place where I use the NASA technique. Immediately after I spray the primer (or paint) I clean ALL the overspray off the spokes of the wheel (clean rag and paint thinner) and the area around the inside of the rim...I do NOT want to try to get paint to smoothly adhere to the entire wheel! We just want to paint the REPAIR. Only the clear coat will be sprayed without wiping off the overspray. Wait for the primer to fully dry and lightly sand it with 400 or 600 grit sandpaper.
VITAL: READ THE CAN...if you try to use this paint in cold temperatures (or in damp conditions) it's going to be a mess...shake the can for a minute at LEAST and push the spray nozzle as you sweep across and release at the end. This is roughly the distance I used the can from the wheel...I HIGHLY recommend painting some scrap something to get used to the distances and thickness this paint sprays.
Now we SHOULD be nearly done BUT (as always) Pete got inpatient and sprayed the clear WAY too soon and lifted the paint and messed it all up. This is NO BIGGIE...take a deep breath, get out your rag and the paint thinner and take it all off. The thinner I used did not eat into the primer so I simply cleaned the wheel (again) and got to respray the silver.
Clearly toad in the hole (a phrase that tellingly makes its way into the 1811 Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue), was a way of stretching meat – any meat – a bit further, with a filling and thrifty batter. It does the same for its modern-day incarnation: you can get away with serving one sausage each if you've got enough batter and a good gravy. But, whether you're on a tight budget or not, toad in the hole is no croak of a dish: enjoy it, warts and all.
Toad in the hole: a school-dinner classic, or a waste of good sausages? Is there a better batter pudding out there, and, most importantly of course, does anyone know how on earth it got its name?
The couple approached the 52-year-old guard at about 3 a.m. as he was partrolling Indian Beach and asked if they could get a ride to Ocean City, Fournier wrote.
And this is just launch costs. If we add innovation in satellite technologies, hardware costs etc, it would be not only more cost efficient for ISRO to outsource, but also get things faster, better and on time.
ISRO’s disaster management platform gets more user friendly
Ali Hili, Iraq's LGBT leader, said "people in the west have been too quiet for too long about the violence against LGBT people in Iraq. The militia and the powers that be know they can get away with it while that silence continues."
I kept telling him not to get so far over the front tip of the kayak. Yet, he was always just so excited that he’d be hanging right over the edge – so much so that his balance would be compromised at the slightest irregular movement in the kayak, thus leading to a little dip in the river.
Anyway, whoever we’re with, you can tell we get frustrated with our paddler at times for not keeping a satisfactory speed – hence the need for us to switch boats occasionally. For instance, I can count on Dad for good speed bursts (which however makes the kayak a little unstable for me), while Mum is good at a nice continuous stroke.
There may never be an entrance to top Bill riding in sidesaddle, with some very shapely looking legs. Seriously are those stunt double legs? Wax em Bill? Only for special occasions apparently. The massiveness of Bill can not be contained so here are all seven clips of pretty Bill Murray on Jimmy Kimmel live. You’ll get Bills Bracket Talk. You’ll get Bill the Basketball Coach. Bills Swag Empire. Bill the Bartender complete with hydration advice. Bill’s Rick Ross story. And to top it all off, a story from the movie Meatballs. You may be shocked to know Bill did his own wardrobe and his own makeup for the movie. Find out why.
The activists of TAM see themselves as waging a broad, multifront battle to drag American culture, inch by inch, away from the nonscientific and the nonlogical. This turns out to be a surprisingly uphill struggle. Probably the majority of Americans believe in some degree of what JREF’s founder, James Randi, calls “woo-woo.” (“Please use woo-woo,” he instructs me. “I’m trying to get it into extensive use.”) In 2005, for instance, Gallup found that 73 percent of Americans subscribed to at least one paranormal belief. Television personalities like John Edward earn huge audiences by purporting to commune with the dead. Numerous Americans swear by homeopathy, ingest supplements with no proven medical benefit, or believe, against all available evidence, that genetically modified organisms might transform humans into tumor-covered golems.
That race was held in 35C heat and over a course described by the trainer of the eventual champion, Thomas J Hicks, as “the most difficult a human being was ever asked to run over”. The winner’s performance was assisted, if that is the appropriate word, by regular doses of strychnine (now most commonly used as rat poison), egg whites and brandy, though Hicks is practically carried across the line (not the first time he got a helping hand that day, if this picture is anything to go by).
“As I entered the stadium the pain in my legs and in my lungs became impossible to bear,” he wrote in the Italian magazine Sport Illustrato seven years later. “It felt like a giant hand was gripping my throat, tighter and tighter. Willpower was irrelevant now. If it hadn’t been so bad I would not have fallen the first time. I got up automatically and launched myself a few more paces forwards. I no longer knew if I was heading towards my goal or away from it. They tell me that I fell another five or six times and that I looked like a man suffering from paralysis, stumbling with tiny steps towards his wheelchair. I don’t remember anything else. My memory stops at the final fall.”
Queen Alexandra, who when Pietri was first declared the winner had been so delighted she “beat a tattoo on the floor of the stand unrestrainedly with her umbrella”, insisted that the Italian should get some reward for his efforts, and during the closing ceremony presented him with a small silver cup. “When I was called to see Her Majesty I was trembling all over,” he said. “I felt as if I should fall as I did in the race. Then she spoke to me very kindly. ‘Bravo’ was the only word I could understand, but I knew what she meant by her smile. This cup is balm to my soul. I shall treasure it to the end of my life.”
A rumour got about last night that Dorando had died from the effects of the terrible strain of the race. This was untrue. Though Durando was obviously in the greatest distress in the Stadium, he had sufficiently recovered by nine o’clock last night to walk out from the Stadium grounds to a motor-cab and be driven to his lodgings. Hayes also went away early in the evening, and, so far as is known, the other competitors have not suffered any serious effects.
News of the start at Windsor came to swarms of Londoners as they took their way to Paddington and Baker-street Stations to catch the race on the outskirts. The Prince of Wales had fired the electric gun, and the Crown Prince of Sweden had started off the field of 55 runners, these including the Canadian Indian Longboat, whose entry had been so severely opposed. Duncan, the Salford Harrier, who was favourite for the cup, had got off easily, and the running was being made by Clarke and Lord. All the places on the route where the train touched were buzzing with people. The City must have been half empty, the City man and his clerk were here in their tens of thousands, and there were huge clusters of Americans and foreigners with flags to betray them. There were few Frenchman for the nation was not competing. The heat seemed to be getting worse after two o’clock, and it was felt that whatever might be done no records would be broken near the half way post .... A programme somewhat deficient in interest had been arranged to occupy the earlier part of the afternoon at the Stadium before the Marathon race was timed to finish. The crowd, estimated at 70,000 at least, bore it in great patience, and even raised a little interest in high diving and pole jumping. But it was evident that the idea of a thrilling finish to the great race had caught the popular imagination. The heat of the blazing summer day had brought colour to the tiers of seats surrounding the arena. On the sunny side were rows of sunshades of every conceivable hue, and one could not help contrasting the scene with that of last week, when a handful of spectators had herded together under dripping umbrellas. Now they waved fans improvised from newspapers, and seemed uncomfortably hot at that.
Trøndelag is where you start to get into the northern part of the country and has a total population of 418,453 of which 168,257 live in Trondheim. Outside of Trondheim the largest city is called Stjørdal:
And now we get to the cheapest part of Norway:
Criminals that perpetrate fraud online are creative if nothing else. Whenever a new event happens that might cause someone to possibly get money somewhere, they use it to their advantage. After Hurricane Katrina hit, there were phishing emails that tried to get you to donate to help victims of the Hurricane, but the money didn’t go to the victims, it went into the pockets of criminals. When Congress recently passed the stimulus package, a wave of emails was sent out telling consumers that they could qualify for all sorts of new government grants, if they paid a sum of money to get the “inside information.”
It seems the message has finally got through – farmers are working hard to clean up rivers, keep their stock out of streams, and to plant more trees.
All of their communications with the outside world were subjected to a 20-minute delay — the time it takes for signals to get from Mars to Earth. The crew was tasked with conducting geological surveys, mapping studies and maintaining their self-sufficient habitat as if they were actually living on Mars.
“We got to understand teams aren’t going to play the same way they did in the first half as they did in the second half because teams make adjustments, especially when they are down,” Pierce said. “And we got to realize that and adjust with that.”
One of Miami’s most treacherous roads may get a serious safety upgrade, in the form of a ten-foot protected path for use by cyclists and pedestrians.
-- By starting Olynyk alongside Whiteside, the Heat got back to inserting James Johnson and Tyler Johnson together in the first period.
-- Erik Spoelstra stayed with same top nine players at the top of Saturday's rotation (minus Dragic), stressing the need for his regulars to get minutes together.
-- Gordon got the better of Olynyk in the early matchup at power forward.
-- Asked what his plans would be if Miami finally gets an MLS team, he said, without hesitation, "season tickets."
Initial indications are Republicans may not heed this advice. Incoming House Budget Committee chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.) gets to make the call on the CBO director this year, with advice from the Senate Budget Committee chairman. Price has declined to comment. In a recent interview, one of two Republicans up for the Senate budget post, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), suggested that folks on his side of the Capitol, anyway, may be inclined to put their own stamp on the agency.
Wells said when his wife got to the car, she found her mother slumped over and blood in the car. He said she was shot in the neck and that her purse was missing.
What may be most significant for the discipline is that the growth in open positions far exceeds the levels of 2008, when the most recent economic downturn hit. Many disciplines have been considering it a success to get back to 2008 levels.
It all comes together to give you a nice unboxing experience that you’ll remember and will get you excited to play with your new Poppet. I’ve had a lot of fun and anguish creating this experience and I hope it’s everything for you, that I’ve imagined it will be.
The only way to consistently get stuff on the home page was to work at it like a job. And so, some people began to work at it like a job, and then it became their jobs. While some really thought of themselves as an important part of the journalistic enterprise, many others contracted out their services to entities of all kinds. Stripped of any institutional sense of editorial ethics, many Digg power users ended up promoting all kinds of crap along with good stories from legitimate writers and sites.
In short, the community broke. And the community, remember, is also the content machine. Without that, Digg was revealed to be just a bunch of computers waiting for people to add value to the thin offering of a social network. The site still gets a substantial amount of traffic, but that Myspace/Friendster smell of death hangs in the pixels.
Although YouTube has enacted anti-piracy measures since the video site's early days a decade ago, some things haven't changed much at all: Copyright holders insist that it's Google's responsibility to get a license while Google respond that the onus is upon rights-holders to tell it what specifically to remove. In other words, is the use of copyrighted works online opt-in or opt-out?
King points to ContentID, YouTube's digital fingerprinting technology that advertises itself as a system by which copyright holders can "easily identify and manage their content on YouTube," a system where "copyright owners get to decide what happens when content in a video on YouTube matches a work they own."
He also imagined a machine that could process the language, which he called the calculus ratiocinator. If controversies were to arise, there would be no more need of disputation between two philosophers than between two accountants. For it would suffice to take their pencils in their hands, and say to each other: Calculemus—Let us calculate. Leibniz didn’t get the opportunity to develop his universal language or the corresponding machine (although he did invent a relatively simple calculating machine, the stepped reckoner). The first credible attempt to realize Leibniz’s dream came in 1879, when the German philosopher Gottlob Frege published his landmark logic treatise Begriffsschrift. Inspired by Boole’s attempt to improve Aristotle’s logic, Frege developed a much more advanced logical system. The logic taught in philosophy and computer-science classes today—first-order or predicate logic—is only a slight modification of Frege’s system. Frege is generally considered one of the most important philosophers of the 19th century. Among other things, he is credited with catalyzing what noted philosopher Richard Rorty called the “linguistic turn” in philosophy. As Enlightenment philosophy was obsessed with questions of knowledge, philosophy after Frege became obsessed with questions of language. His disciples included two of the most important philosophers of the 20th century—Bertrand Russell and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Russell and his colleague Alfred North Whitehead put forth the most ambitious attempt to complete Hilbert’s program with the Principia Mathematica, published in three volumes between 1910 and 1913. The Principia’s method was so detailed that it took over 300 pages to get to the proof that 1+1=2. Russell and Whitehead tried to resolve Frege’s paradox by introducing what they called type theory. The idea was to partition formal languages into multiple levels or types. Each level could make reference to levels below, but not to their own or higher levels. This resolved self-referential paradoxes by, in effect, banning self-reference. (This solution was not popular with logicians, but it did influence computer science — most modern computer languages have features inspired by type theory.) Self-referential paradoxes ultimately showed that Hilbert’s program could never be successful. The first blow came in 1931, when Gödel published his now famous incompleteness theorem, which proved that any consistent logical system powerful enough to encompass arithmetic must also contain statements that are true but cannot be proven to be true. (Gödel’s incompleteness theorem is one of the few logical results that has been broadly popularized, thanks to books like Gödel, Escher, Bach and The Emperor’s New Mind). The final blow came when Turing and Alonzo Church independently proved that no algorithm could exist that determined whether an arbitrary mathematical statement was true or false. (Church did this by inventing an entirely different system called the lambda calculus, which would later inspire computer languages like Lisp.) The answer to the decision problem was negative.
Playing in the Maryland Major Soccer League, an affiliated league of the United States Adult Soccer Association, Christos FC play in what is the fourth/fifth tier of the US soccer pyramid. They’re the lowest ranked team left in the competition, and have already won three matches on the road to get to this point, and without conceding a goal in the process.
The US Open Cup isn’t perfect. There’s still some flaws, but they’ve addressed some too in recent seasons with the regionalisation of matches to cut down travel and costs and to try and get MLS clubs to field stronger line-ups. It hasn’t worked, but they’re trying.
Canada Soccer announced in March that the Canadian Championship will be getting a long overdue reboot from next season. The 2018 battle for the Voyageurs Cup will be expanded to include both the League1 Ontario and Première Ligue de soccer du Québec champions. Canadian Premier League side are expected to all take part in the competition once that gets underway in 2019.
It would be nice to see Canada’s Provincial Cup champions get included in the mix, or at the very least the winner of the Challenge Trophy at the nationals. The huge omission though are Canada’s six PDL teams – Calgary Foothills, K-W United, Thunder Bay Chill, TSS Rovers, Victoria Highlanders, and WSA Winnipeg.
“It would be interesting to get into a room, and stay calm, and talk through the reasons why,” Elmes said. “One of the reasons I was given, by this person who will remain unnamed, was that the CSA is not that big on PDL.”
Disappointing, but perhaps not unsurprising with the push to get existing and new Canadian clubs to be part of the Canadian Premier League or a regional Tier 3 league.
For Elmes and TSS Rovers, the issue isn’t much more than sidebar right now as they get on with the business of getting through their first PDL season. But it’s the principle of the whole issue for some of the other highly respected clubs that adds to his feeling of unfairness to it all.
“A member of the Alberta Soccer Association. A women’s team now. A men’s team. Multiple national championship involvement over the years at club level. How does one go to them and say you know that team that you’ve got at under 23, well they’re in the wrong place?”
But Kemp and his allies ultimately decided that bringing together a group of states that have been largely ignored in recent nomination battles and holding a primary as early as possible is the best way to get the attention of White House hopefuls.
Be sure to check out Update #15 - the Epic Platform Pack (stretch goal to get us to Android, OUYA, iOS) which is the next stretch goal up the ladder! With just hours on the clock and only a few thousand dollars, let's stretch together!
They tell us, in story and in song, that the All-Father birthed 13 sons and daughters of his own hands. In the shadow of the Children, He created humanity in his likeness. But, we forgot both Him and the Children, as we got caught up in our own ways, the chaotic way of great Kingdoms, and the clink of coppers and silvers. Of course some part of us remembered them. The old temples, our calendar, the names we give our children--they all pay heritage to the Thirteen and to the All-Father.
Heroes of Steel will be built on the same model. A critical component of our strategy which allows us to truly listen to you is that we “release early and release often.” We will release Heroes of Steel to our alpha testers (see Rewards) as soon as it is playable and fun--way before it is finished. Heroes will make it to the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon) a short time later, with much of your alpha feedback incorporated within the game. Even then, we know Heroes will continue to evolve and improve. We will hammer it with updates from both our game design plan, and also from our active community suggestions until it is as rich, deep, complex and immersive as is possible on the Android platform. So, please help us fund Heroes of Steel and you’ll have the opportunity to join us on our forum, Facebook, and blog to lend a hand in building one of the best tactical RPGs on the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon). Our community-driven games give every contributor a chance to get involved!
KickStarter is a great way to grow our community of gamers who are excited about what Trese Brothers is doing. We are unique breed of game designer … we want to build games for you and with you. KickStarter funding allows you to get involved and help drive the game development, and in turn, your funding helps us invest the time and resources into making an amazing game. If we can fund the Heroes of Steel project, then it will open up the door so that we can create this game, and gather all the feedback from our alpha testers, and community so that we can be sure to make a game that you love.
Backers at this level who are members of our Trese Brothers community forum will gain the unique “Heroes of Steel Supporter” badge which can only be obtained via KickStarter. Wear it proudly! Plus you will get a personal thank you on Twitter and be kept in the loop throughout every step of production.
Iron Butterfly were stuck at the airport in New York and were unable to get to the festival by ground transportation, so they demanded the festival promoters send a helicopter for them. According to many a storyteller, the promoters sent the band’s manager a telegram, the first letter of each line spelling out the words “Fuck You.” So, no. Iron Butterfly didn’t show up.
This is a really smart way to reach the young women who need to hear this message–Luke’s other tutorials have garnered more than 140 million views–and hopefully the jarring and simple message will get them to click to Refuge website, share the video with their friends, and start opening up about an issue that’s heartbreakingly common and all-too-often shrouded in silence.
Luke: Hi everyone. I’m sorry I haven’t been online much lately, but I’m back, I’m here. I’ve had a bit of a rough time but I’m going to be doing a video today on how to cover up. I’m first going to start with some foundation. If you a apply a color that is just gently off-tone with your own skin tone, you can cover any fresh bruising. So just apply lightly to start with and you can build it up as you go. If you’ve got a lot of bruising from being pushed hard against a coffee table, you can gently apply layer after layer and you will cover them slightly. It might hurt, just try your best. And that’s looking a little bit better so far. For my lips I’m using a little more foundation. You might want to be concealer on any splits that are caused from watches or rings. If you’ve got some bruising from a jealous type of partner, you can always just put your hair down to the side. If it’s not long enough, don’t worry, because a scarf is ideal for this. I’m going to be using a scarf. So you can kind of hide it and cover it up. So that’s perfect like that.
As San Antonio's new pro soccer team starts to grind through its inaugural United Soccer League season (San Antonio FC is undefeated through three games , by the way), the looming potential of Major League Soccer coming to town is the backdrop.Those big-league dreams got a little boost yesterday, when MLS Commissioner Don Garber officially confirmed that the league will expand to 28 teams at some point in the future.Although MLS' expansion to 28 teams had long been a widely accepted rumor, Garber's speech in Sacramento made the plan gospel. The league currently has 20 teams, and plans to add four more clubs by 2020 (in Minnesota, Miami, Atlanta and Los Angeles).San Antonio is scrambling to claim one of the four future slots, one of which may have already been claimed by Sacramento. During his speech yesterday, Garber said he "hopes and expects" California's capital to eventually land an MLS club, according toOther cities vying for a franchise include St. Louis, Phoenix, Nashville and Austin. MLS prefers sites with soccer-specific stadiums and proven soccer markets, both of which San Antonio boasts. Any city selected for MLS would have to pay an expansion fee, which could exceed $100 million.
Williams is quoted as saying that “Beck would never say anything about a conspiracy, would never advocate violence. He’ll never do anything … of this nature. But he’ll give you every ounce of evidence that you could possibly need.”
After my leave was over, I began predominantly working from home, which thankfully was possible as Ushahidi allows remote working. I was going to the office only thrice a month on average and I timed my visits to the office to ensure that I would not have to run into Daudi. It was in early April, after a month of soul searching and conversations with three other women who had been on the receiving end of unwelcome attention from Daudi, that I came to the conclusion that something needed to be done. Unfortunately, I seemed to be the only person with both tangible evidence of his misconduct, as well as an employer-employee relationship. It is then that I sought legal advice and learned that, based on the provisions of Ushahidi’s HR Manual, as well as Kenyan and Florida Law, Daudi’s comments qualified as sexual harassment by creating a hostile environment. I was advised that I could file a court case but that it would be prudent to first give the company an opportunity to address the issue internally as the court should be a last resort.
Ushahidi is a great company with a valuable product. I hope the Board can put their egos aside and do what’s best for the company, which is stepping aside to give Ushahidi a chance to rebuild its reputation.
Greg Cummings, the leader of the We the People Tea Party in rural Decatur County, Iowa, said his group had picked up 12 members since the election, for a total of about 50. “If you were in a fight and someone gave you a good left hook, it doesn’t mean the fight is over,” he said.
“A lot of people gave their heart and soul to trying to get Obama out; they’re frustrated,” he added. “They don’t know what to do. They got involved with the electoral process, and that didn’t work out.”
“Metal Gear Solid V has received collectively over 60 industry accolades and awards thus far,” says Konami president Tomotada Tashiro in a statement. “The Definitive Experience will give players an opportunity to play the complete MGSV experience, without interruption. Additionally, with Metal Gear Online, players also get access to a completely unique multi-player setting that is designed for a truly engrossing gaming experience as well.”
First, let us say, Good job, Facebook. Like how we train a dog, we ought to reward good behavior as well as punish bad. The media, rolling up its newspaper, has knocked Facebook on the nose for many no-nos: swapping users' listed email addresses for Facebook addresses, accidentally showing people's private chats to the public, to name a few snafus. We're glad to finally give Facebook a treat.
In the letter sent to all 150 former bosses to give them the opportunity to raise any concerns, the corporation said: "PAC has recently confirmed in writing to the BBC that it is applying its Standing Order power to call for the 150 names and details of the 150 recipients of severance payments cited in the [National Audit Office] report, which includes you.
"We were not asked for approval of the financial package – formally or informally – nor did we give it. The Trust was assured that the package was within contractual terms and that the chairman of the BBC's executive remuneration committee had agreed to it being approved," they said.
Oh, space. You're so hard to explore. Sometimes you bombard spacecrafts with hurtling rocks and deadly cosmic rays, and other times you're so empty you don't give astronauts a darn thing to hold on to. But while scientists haven't quite figured out how to keep radiation at bay, the scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory—specifically, its Planetary Robotics Laboratory—are building machines that can get a grip on the most difficult surfaces astronauts will find out there.
," but agreed to give a detailed presentation. In a March 8 letter, Attorney General Bill Schuette, Department of Natural Resources director Keith Creagh and Department of Environmental Quality director Heidi Grether called Enbridge's characterization of the holidays as merely hypothetical "confusing in light of the terms of the plan itself," which clearly identified them in maps and diagrams. Using a series of slides, Baraniecki said the pipeline has a coal tar enamel coating layer under two layers of outer fiberglass wrap, and cathodic protection inspections show the enamel layer is "still intact," although photographs show the outer wrap layer is missing, or "delaminated," in spots. He said a consultant that created the biota work plan, Gulf Interstate Engineering (GIE), used data from Ballard Marine and identified places where they believed bare pipe was exposed to the water, but Enbridge concluded it was a "mistake."
From primer to eyeshadow, these are the products we use every day - but do we know how to use them? We asked international make-up artists Laura Mercier, Jackie Tyson and Gucci Westman to give us their inside tips.
Here, they select the products we really need and give their differing views on how to use them...
GUCCI: My routine is more about colour- correcting, treating and highlighting the skin. A product that gives you an immaculate canvas is a pore minimiser, which would be my equivalent to a primer.
JACKIE: A primer provides a base for your foundation, which will ensure it will stay put longer, but will also help give the illusion of flawless, radiant skin.
LAURA: Seek the advice of an in-store make-up artist - they'll give an objective opinion. When applying eye shadow, use a little at a time; it's easier to add more than take some off.
After applying a primer, such as Elizabeth Arden Advanced Lip-Fix Cream, £18 (Boots and department stores; 020 7574 2714 for stockists), apply the liner all over the lips to provide a colour base and give the lipstick something to cling to. Blot with a tissue and repeat two to three times for extralasting power.
And there's also a great range of Ultraglow Mineral Shimmer Powders, £4.21, and a Magic Mascara, £9.95, which gives impressive coverage.
The popularity of food trucks in the United States has exploded recently, and in almost every major city there are a few that specialize in a particular style or flavor profile. This is great because it gives people options to eat foods that they may not have before. This is great for humans, but what about dogs? Is there a food truck for them somewhere? In Washington, the answer is YES!
Let’s say that I build a little four-wheeled robot that can move from point A to point B without crashing into anything. I can give it a map and tell it where to go and it will do so without any further instructions. This sounds quite nifty, but what’s the point of it? Well now let’s scale it up so you can sit in it. Now suddenly it’s not a robot, it’s a driverless car. But all that’s changed is the size.
I was upset because of the confusion I felt in the presence of these women, and questioned if I lacked genuine love in my actions. I wanted to feel that my presence gave validation to Jesus’ love, and to feel pleasing to our Lord. I felt none of this. What I felt was the little love I had was barely enough to keep me moving to the next floor, let alone sufficient to be a presence to these ladies.
I only have a small amount to share—of confidence, courage, and love. But in the hands of Jesus, what little I have is multiplied enough to feed those standing beside me, and he gives me enough for another day.
Basically, think of your partner as a ride (while still thinking of them as a person! I’m not suggesting you objectify your partner!). There is a price you pay to ride the ride, and that price is often a compromise. I’ll give you an example from my own life: my girlfriend is wicked smart. Like, the kind of smart you cannot even believe exists. But she does have this weakness. And that weakness is Say Yes To The Dress. Sure, most of the time we’re watching thought-provoking documentaries or really excellent foreign films or any number of other things that are WAY MORE INTELLIGENT than Say Yes To The Dress. But the price of admission for my girlfriend is that sometimes we are gonna marathon this show and there’s nothing I can do about it. If there is a Say Yes To The F*cking Dress marathon, that is what we are watching. Instead of fighting against it, I go with it and we have fun critiquing the wedding industrial complex together. I’ve even come to grudgingly love it and find my inner Monte.
You can apply this idea to sex as well. I’ll give you another example from my own life: I cannot keep my mouth shut during sex. I dunno, I just let forth a torrent of filthy talk every time I get naked. That’s the price of admission for me—I don’t necessarily need someone to reciprocate it, I just need someone who’s okay with me doing that. Because I like it and I really don’t want to not do it.
Ask permission to talk about sex and give that other person a chance to reschedule the conversation. If they say they don’t want to talk about it right now, say something along the lines of “that’s totally cool, no pressure. But this is a really important conversation to me. Can we work out another time to talk about it?”
I generally try not to give really specific advice because even though I answer the You Need Helps on Autostraddle sometimes, my relationship isn’t your relationship and the way I have sex isn’t the way you have sex. Things are different for everyone. But I want to point out a few things I read in your question:
The film received generally negative reviews upon release. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 29% rating based on 28 reviews.[5] On Metacritic, the film has a 24 out of 100 rating based on 13 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".[6] Critic Roger Ebert gave the film 1 star out of a possible 4, and called the film "loud, ugly and mean-spirited" but he also suggested that Clay had the confidence and screen presence for a successful acting career if he could move beyond his shtick.[7]
The United Nations doesn’t really give a shit that most of the rest of the world suppresses freedom and violates human rights. No, they are more concerned with what’s going on in the most free and most civil country on the planet. In their newest most ridiculous demand, the UN is warning the United States that we must abolish the 1st Amendment right to free speech to combat white supremacy, or else. I think I speak for all Americans on all sides of every issue when I say the UN can go f*ck itself.
There's also Escalation, a three ring objective capture mode with a metagame element that is aimed squarely at the eSports community. The idea is to win seven rounds, the twist being that losing teams can activate a weapon spawn between rounds, whether to give themselves an edge or bait the other team into taking a risk. Backed up by LAN support and a robust suite of commentator options, it seems a good pitch for the tournament crowd.
Each class has a selection of abilities, largely passive, that can be levelled up - the Scout can equip a skill that awards bonus Power when harvesting under fire, for instance, while the Soldier might plump for the ability to plant up to five grenade mines at once. The class system doesn't quite feel essential yet, and there's the suspicion that it exists to justify the sale of ability cards, though all abilities can be earned and upgraded in-game. But having to factor in the fabricator's location and resource gathering on top of the usual Horde strategies is a fun complication, and you needn't give those cards a second thought once you've left the lobby screen behind.
In September, the German government advised the public to temporarily stop using Microsoft’s Internet Explorer browser to give it time to patch a security vulnerability that opened it to attacks.
The report goes on to note how the Chancellor has already abandoned the blanket public sector pay cap and may decide to give more people a pay rise.
Michael asked Logan to the prom in March in the parking lot of Chik-fil-A, where Logan works. "I asked Logan to the prom after his work. I gave him a bag with a chicken sandwich inside and asked, 'Are you a chicken or will you go to the prom with me?' " Michael said. "He easily and gladly said yes."
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
I will never on any day be listening to anything James Dobson has to say about the Bible or any other subject. Why the media gives his man any credence whatsoever is one of the great mysteries of life that will never be adequately explained.
Years before Manchester City batted an eyelash toward Abu Dhabi, it was Abramovich’s takeover at Chelsea that established the archetype of the shady superbillionaire who buys a soccer team to use as his personal plaything. The old, established hierarchy of powerful clubs — the Manchester United/Real Madrid cohort — certainly ran on money, but even the top clubs were shocked by the sums Abramovich could casually throw around — £21 million for Shaun Wright-Phillips, £24 million for Drogba, £31 million for (gulp) Andriy Shevchenko. Not all these players worked out (see previous gulp), but what difference did that make when Chelsea could go back to the well for £30 million whenever they felt like it? European soccer, which had no salary cap, no luxury tax, very little revenue sharing, no draft — almost no parity-fostering features at all — had no defense against this. Chelsea looked upon the dynamics of the sports economy and just luxuriantly did not give a shit. Any player in the world was potentially theirs for the taking.
Many accounts of Trump's life and career stress that the President has never been the kind of person who cultivates vast networks of close political friendships. And he gives the impression that the only people who are not expendable to him are those in his family inner circle.
"On Australia Day, we're talking about Australia, Australian identity, the Government's managed to find a British royal to give a medal to, a knighthood to."
It started as an occasional joke in season one, but by season two, every single episode had disclaimers like, “Despite Gabrielle’s incessant hurling, Ulysses’ ship was not harmed during the making of this motion picture”, “No harpies were harmed in the making of this episode”, “No oversized Polynesian-style Bamboo Horses were harmed during the production of this motion picture. However many wicker lawn chairs gave their lives,” and in an episode featuring Xena’s death; “Xena was permanently harmed in the making of this motion picture, but kept her spirits up.”
Local persecution of scholars in Muslim lands? ‘Amrika,’ because they were the ones who propped up the kings, presidents and emirs in the Muslim world in the first place. Bombings that kill innocent Muslims in the streets of Baghdad, or the mosques of Karachi, or the shrines of Najaf? ‘Amrika,’ through the use of false-flag operations conducted by American agents, or as a result of the wider chaos originally caused by once again, ‘Amrik’. The awful state of the economy in Muslim lands? You guessed it, ‘Amrika’, via the use of loans that the American-controlled IMF gave out and the economic policies that America put in place.
And in that vacuüm, where neither AlMaghrib nor other mainstream voices had anything substantive to offer, the voices of radical extremism proved to be the only bait dangling in front of his eyes. For him, there never was a competition between Orthodox Islam and militancy; there never was an ‘either-or‘ choice to be made because these two visions of Islam (from his perspective) were completely independent of one another. Each one discussed different topics and each was active in a different arena. So convinced was he by that message of radicalism that he was willing to give up his life for it, not realizing that living one’s life for the sake of God is far more difficult than committing suicide for His sake (as if the latter can ever truly be for the sake of God!).
She had been thinking for days about how this deployment might change their family dynamic. Tim had learned to be a single parent and was so comfortable in the job that she wondered whether he was prepared to give it up.
An eight-month-long political battle, begun by refugees and the Committee, has included various demonstrations and temporary blockades of public offices in order to get legal permanent residency (Residenza) for the refugees. Permanent residency grants access to all social and health services, and (for children) to school. It is necessary to renew the Permesso di soggiorno (permission to stay) which all refugees require in order to stay in Italy. It allow refugees to have a driving licence and legal job contracts. At long last, the Turin municipality granted all refugees permanent residency which gives them access to public healthcare and allows them to sign up with the employment agency. It does not, though, grant access to social services (which is discriminatory, according to Italian legislation).
The solution offered by the local government is quite clear: get millions of euros from national government, perform the eviction by any means, give the money to a well known association already handling refugee projects, give the association some breathing space with the funds, let the projects run for three to 12 months and then, once the money has run out and the story is no longer newsworthy, kick the refugees out again.
The other reason there is confusion? Because there really ARE old beliefs that were held as true that are being corrected. Saturated fat is a subject with genuine controversy. Experts have not come to a consensus, but decades of public-health messages are in the process of being potentially overturned. When you hold to something as a foundation (Of course fat is bad for you! Of course stretching prevents injury!) and that belief gets challenged, you're tempted to give up on everything. It's a very reasonable thing to do: My facts were wrong, I need to reevaluate all my facts.
Dogs don’t “attack without provocation” unless they have temperament problems, and those problems are quite visible in other circumstances. Otherwise, dogs who bite give all kinds of signs that they’re going to defend themselves or their people. Many people ignore/are ignorant of those signs and so they continue the behavior that provokes the dog — or, the owners don’t know anything about dogs and don’t train or handle them safely. Again, this is all dogs, not just pit bulls.
But the new satellite data gave no precise location, and the plane’s altered course could have taken it anywhere from central Asia to the southern Indian Ocean, he said.
The Indian Ocean has an average depth of more than 12,000 feet, or two miles. This is deeper than the Atlantic, where it took two years to locate wreckage on the seabed from an Air France plane that vanished in 2009, even though floating debris quickly gave an indication of the area of the crash.
There is, perhaps, a sense that the battle is lost; that it is not worth fighting any more in a climate where we are all being monitored. New surveillance technologies or increasing corporate control of space are not the most worrying developments of our time, however – the biggest concern is growing apathy. So before you dismiss urban exploration as a weird fad – or mark it as just another interesting tab in your flooded browser to look at later – be aware that these explorers risked death and imprisonment to bring you these photos and that they insist it was worth it, because if we don’t even know these spaces exist we can hardly have a public conversation about what to do with them. Urban exploration carries on the important work of exploratory journalism; it spreads stories that help us perceive worlds other than the ones presented to us, and it gives us an alternative where one has not been offered. Urban exploration is an apathy killer.
"It's a fantastic place to go and work and it does give the players that lift because it's ultimately where they want to go and play every week.
The prime minister has pledged anti-terror laws to give the security services the ability to read encrypted communications in extreme circumstances. But experts say such access would mean changing the way internet-based messaging services such as Apple’s iMessage or Facebook’s WhatsApp work.
“Industry fought back, along with civil society, and the outcome was the Rip Act, which gives a chief constable the power to demand decryption.”
There is merit in Villeneuve's characterization of partition as being primarily an argument designed to encourage Quebecers to vote against separation in any future referendum on separation. Trudeau's 1980 observation that if Canada is divisible, Quebec is also divisible, was made on the eve of a referendum in which he was attempting to encourage voters to cast their ballots against secession. The first book on the subject, and the one which gave its name to the movement, was 1980's Partition, the Price of Quebec's Independence, by Lionel Albert and William Shaw. The title of this book makes clear its intention to use the threat of territorial losses to dissuade Quebecers from voting in favour of secession. Stephen Scott was even more direct about his intention to use the threat of partition as a means of preventing separation altogether:
A lot of this group may no longer be utilising negative gearing, but it will have undoubtedly assisted them in building up the assets that will give them a comfortable retirement.
It all began when Pat Rothfuss was born to a marvelous set of parents. Throughout his formative years they encouraged him to do his best, gave him good advice, and were no doubt appropriately dismayed when he failed to live up to his full potential.
It all began when Pat Rothfuss was born to a marvelous set of parents. Throughout his formative years they encouraged him to do his best, gave him good advice, and were no doubt appropriately dismayed when he failed to live up to his full potential.
The only way I could see him re-signing at his current price tag or for less money is if the Leafs are willing to offer Phaneuf an eight-year deal. But if I had to give a more accurate range, I’d say that the Leafs and Phaneuf will probably end up coming to terms on a deal in the 7-8 year, $47-56-million deal. That would put his annual cap hit at a reasonable, $6.7 to $7-million cap hit on a deal that would expire when Phaneuf was 36 or 37 years of age. Should the Leafs want shorter term, expect the AAV to go up accordingly.
12 hours. Moment of communion with the Spaniards It declared a national holiday in Spain has allowed citizens to travel to attend the handover. Returning to the palace, the new king salutes the crowd during forty minutes to give a strong signal to his country.
His second idea for Democrats may be more controversial within the Party. “We need to be less absolutist on environmental issues, especially wetlands and endangered species,” he said. “We currently treat those issues as absolute bars to development, and they should not be absolute. They should be balances. I saw in my district how much anger these issues generate. Our current position is bad politics and bad public policy.” Frank does not believe, however, that Democrats should retreat on climate change. “Too much at stake on climate change to give way there,” he said.
As she marches, Vivi Lozoya says being so visible and open about her story gives her a sense of empowerment unlike any she’s felt before.
You gave four examples of ARC funded “projects that do little, if anything, to advance Australians [sic] research needs.” As I discussed on this site at the time, two of those four were projects in my field, philosophy.
The Republic survived Watergate and people thought the safeguards put in place afterward ensured that a scandal of that magnitude could never happen again. Forty government officials were indicted or went to jail. One Senate investigator who did not want to give his name told The Daily Beast, “In retrospect, everyone in the administration who got anywhere near Watergate, even tangentially, lied or sat still while other people lied. It was a lesson in an administration going absolutely wild. My whole generation of lawyers and politicians feel this is history repeating itself—the same personal characteristics, personal weaknesses, the same personal desire to acquire and embrace power.”
At this point, however, it's not clear what the dozen-or-so cases actually entail, nor what prosecutors are asking Apple to do exactly, or why Apple is pushing back. The FBI has complained that Apple is simply resisting its demand to unlock the phone so as not to "tarnish the Apple brand," but the company says if it gives in and allows the FBI to access the phone with "absent clear legal authority to do so," it would breach its consumers' trust.
^ "London" represents any peerage title. ^ The forms given under "Salutation in Letter" are for use in social correspondence only. In formal letters, "Sir" or "Madam" would be used instead. ^ [3] and [4] The definite article "the" in the middle of two or more titles is sometimes capitalized, as in these tables. However this is controversial: traditional British guides use the lower-case "the". As a single example, Debrett's gives "Major-General the Lord……",and Pears' Cyclopaedia in the section on Modes of Address gives several examples where the definite article interior to a list of honours is lower case. a b c d "of" may be omitted in the form of Marquessates and Earldoms and included in the form of Scottish Viscountcies. It is never present in peerage Baronies and Lordships of Parliament and always present in Dukedoms and Scottish feudal Baronies. a b c d e f g h i Some styles that could represent more than one class of person are clarified by the use of post-nominal letters. For instance: Knights and Baronets are distinguished by the use of "Bt" (or, archaically, "Bart") after the latter's names (and by the use of the appropriate post-nominal letters if the former are members of an Order of Chivalry). Knights bachelor have no post-nominal letters. Substantive peers below the rank of Marquess and courtesy peers who are Privy Counsellors (both of whose titles are preceded by "The Rt Hon") are distinguished by the use of "PC" after the former's names. ^ "Smith" represents any surname. ^ "Edinburgh" represents any Scottish place name. ^ Some sources do not recommend the use of the definite article before certain courtesy titles (particularly those who have prospects of promotion within the family's titles), but it is used by official Court publications such as the Court Circular ^ If the definite article is not used before courtesy peerages and The Hon Elizabeth Smith marries Sir William Brown, she becomes The Hon Lady Brown, but if she marries the higher-ranked Lord Brown, a courtesy Baron, she becomes only Lady Brown. If this Sir William Brown's father is created Earl of London and Baron Brown, as a result of this ennoblement his wife's style will actually change, from "The Hon Lady Brown" to "Lady Brown". It is important to note that while the style may appear diminished, the precedence taken increases from that of a wife of a knight to that of a wife of an earl's eldest son. ^ The exact form of a Scottish chief's style varies from family to family, and is generally based on tradition rather than formal rules. ^ Some circuit judges – for example, the Recorder of Liverpool or circuit judges sitting in the Central Criminal Court – are addressed in court as "My Lord" or "My Lady". a b "Master" is used as the form of address whether the High Court Master is male or female. a b This is the full name and title as it would be according to the rules elsewhere on this page, e.g. The Viscount London, Sir John Smith, KBE, Professor Jane Doe, Dr Tom Brown. ^ Check official title for the university concerned: The Reverend the Vice-Chancellor (Oxford) The Right Worshipful the Vice-Chancellor (Cambridge), The Vice-Chancellor and Warden (Durham), The President and Provost (UCL), etc. ^ If a professor holds an ecclesiastical rank this, strictly speaking, supersedes the academic rank. However, the academic style may still be used within academia and the two can be combined, e.g. as The Reverend Professor Jane Smith. If a professor holds a peerage or a knighthood, this title can be combined, e.g. Professor Lord Smith, Professor Sir John Smith, Professor Dame Jane Smith. a b The forms off address for a doctor applies to "the recipient of a doctorate conferred by a university or other body, such as the Council for National Academic Awards", not just those working in academia. The exception is surgeons, who are never addressed as Doctor even if they hold a doctorate. ^ Doctorates in divinity and medicine are always given as letters after the name, and this form may optionally be used for doctorates in other faculties. If "Dr" is used before the name, degrees are not given after it.
Brexit? The EU now has 1GB of free space. If that gives you a wry smile, better jokes will be along soon – Brexit has a lot of potential to go wrong.
Guardian readers gave me inspiration for where to go and who to meet, sending nearly 100 emails after I asked for tips in my first article. “You should visit my 76-year-old mum in Grimsby. In a Brexit heartland, she was the one swearing at our bridge club players, telling them not to betray their grandchildren,” wrote Paul.
"One of our goals is to show that equality and nonviolence will be spoken louder than hate that day in Harrisburg," said Ann Van Dyke, who's helping to organize a unity event as white supremacists converge on the Capitol. "The other is to encourage young people to stay away from the rally -- to give them something better to do that day."
One would think that House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), of all people, who just sent you a detailed letter of inquiry and caution, citing Congressional authority, should give you pause. Increasingly, you are coming across, even to your hardcore political supporters, as impulsively aggressive, too quick to order killing operations and too slow to contemplate waging of peace.
Dawn Leeder is chair of the City of Ale Festival, a 10-day celebration of Norwich’s ale and pub scene every May, and she has seen enormous growth and renewed interest in the real ale scene over recent years. “The real ale renaissance of the 21st century has allowed many microbreweries to open in Norwich and Norfolk. Over 40 breweries took part in last year’s festival and several more have opened since then,” she says. “Norfolk also produces some of the finest malting barley in the world – the maritime microclimate of our county’s north coast gives rise to cooling harsh frosts which slow the ripening of the grain, intensifying the flavors to make very fine beer indeed.”
As I moved to college, the Hero pen gave way to Pilots, Parkers and Sheaffers but the Hero fountain pen was always my hero!
Lungis and Dhotis were the perfect clothing (and it still is for many) for Malayalis due to the sultry climate conditions and rains aplenty. The perfect footwear that goes with them was a pair of ‘Premier’ rubber slippers. I believe, I am recalling the name right because before brands like ‘Paragon’, ‘Fisher’ etc surfaced, it was all about Premier Hawai chappals. I am attaching a picture of the currently available Paragon slippers to give you an idea of how Premier looked like. But I guess, Premier brand is not available any more.
Calling an individual 18650 cell a battery, is completely acceptable for most people. We do it frequently on Battery Bro. This is because for most consumers, an 18650 is a battery just like an AA is a battery. It a little cylinder thing that gives us power - it’s easy to communicate.
That is, they both give us usable energy by shunting lithium ions between the cathode and anode sheets. The ions move in one direction during charge, and in the other direction during discharge. This fundamental movement is present in both the hard 18650 and the soft LiPo type batteries. Both are lithium ion batteries.
President  rump has laid out our princi ples or tax reorm: First, make the tax code simple, air and easy to understand. Second, give American workers a pay raise by allowing them to keep more o their hard-earned pay checks. Tird, make America the jobs magnet o  the world by levelin g the playing ﬁeld or American businesses and workers. Finally , bring back trillions o dollars that are currently kept oﬀshore to reinvest in the American economy. Te President’ s our princip les are consisten t with the goals o both congression al tax-writing committees, and are at the core o this ramework or ﬁxing America’s broken tax code. oo many in our country are shut out o the dynamism o the U.S. economy, which has led to the justiﬁable eeling that the system is rigged against hardw orking American s. With signiﬁcan t and meaningul tax reorm and relie, we will create a airer system that levels the playing ﬁeld and extends economic opportunities to American workers, small businesses, and middle-income amilies. Te rum p Administration and Congress will work together to produce tax reorm that w ill put America ﬁrst.
Pearson said her life turned around at the age of 18 when Arnold Loney, a local drug dealer who looked out for her and sent her money in prison, was shot and killed.[1] He was the one who gave her the nickname Snoop because she reminded him of Charlie Brown's beagle Snoopy in the comic strip Peanuts.[1] While in prison, she earned her GED and was released in 2000.[1] She landed a local job fabricating car bumpers, but was fired after only two weeks when her employer learned she had a prison record.
"It really gave me a personal jolt: OK, you've got an artistic mission and you're really dedicated to the place, but what are you really doing with your life?"
(Haas, reached by phone, gives it right back. "It's just another venue," he says of the Lakeshore, one whose closing "means there will be other places popping up… I've been with Zanies since 1980. In those 30 years I have seen at least 60 different establishments open, try stand-up comedy and close.")
But his salary kept shrinking; he took home $30,000 last year, he says. And it seemed there would never be enough to pay down the $200,000 in debt remaining (after his partners covered the bulk of the losses) or give the building the more than $150,000 in repairs he says it needs.
However, Clark's mistake in the final minute of normal time gave QPR a valuable point to move them up to 18th, nine points clear of the relegation zone.
"Kevin de Bruyne appeared to be at left-wing-back. The communication and lack of line was pretty bad. Kolarov was playing his own game going forward so often. They gave Leicester so many opportunities to attack them. It could have been more.
“I think the faithful have been propagating a narrative of the angry atheist for so long, and I think that there’s some legitimacy to that,” said Peter Boghossian, who teaches at Portland State University and has worked with inmates in Oregon, teaching critical thinking and moral reasoning. Boghossian, with the Richard Dawkins Foundation, created an app called Atheos to help us atheists change our reputation for being condescending doctrinaires. “I wanted to give people a tool, so if they’re approached by somebody, and instead of saying ‘delusional maniac’ and then swearing, they can explore the reasons for their beliefs,” he said.
Putin's return to the presidency will technically give him greater powers than he previously wielded as prime minister.
“There might have been a rumor that somebody gave iPod shuffles to every girl in the bunk one year,” a director of an all-girls camp in New York coyly told The Post.
Regeni’s parents also gave the police his computer, which they had taken from his Cairo apartment after he disappeared. This, together with the mass of emails and text messages collected from his friends, has allowed Italian prosecutors to work around the holes in the evidence provided by the Egyptian government, and to reconstruct Regeni’s world.
There is more to it than that. The old system of parliamentary sovereignty was shaped by a carefully constructed system of checks and balances which gave Britain relatively representative and responsible government. However, as Britain faced huge economic and social challenges and decline this system began to fall apart.
Col. John Bogdan, the commander of Guantanamo’s Joint Detention Group, has been singled out by the defense lawyers for revamping dormant policies, such as inspections of Qurans and genital patdowns, that gave rise to a hunger strike, now entering its fourth month.
The letter was sent to Hagel three days before President Obama is due to give a major speech about his counterterrorism policies, which will include a discussion about Guantanamo.
Davis has looked at his best on bad teams that were willing to give him minutes. What should concern his next team looking to invest more than the NBA minimum contract the Lakers handed to him is what happened in Memphis. The Grizzlies gave him a good look, but after January 2014 he only averaged 11 minutes per game interspersed with numerous DNPs. Then Memphis let him walk as a free agent at the end of the season.
There is no justification for continuing to give him a haven
“The information we now know about Mr. Katriuk makes it unconscionable for the existing decision … to stand. There is no justification for continuing to give him a haven in Canada,” it said.
“The government did look at this matter with laser focus, so I think we have to give them credit … they tried. It was the justice system itself that in the end let us down.”
On the outside looking in, OU’s desperation to get Mayfield eligible seemed strange, especially considering the Sooners were coming off a big win over Alabama in the Sugar Bowl – a game where quarterback Trevor Knight played well and gave a hint of big things to come in 2014.
The status of Kurds who were driven out of rural Kirkuk is an issue. Khurshid said the Iraqi government failed to provide support to revive the old villages. “As a result, the people settled not in the villages but in the cities. The Turkmens are now complaining that the Kurds have settled in urban centers. … The Kurds moved to lands allocated by the government, not to other people’s homes,” he said, adding that Jalal Talabani, a Kurd who served as president of Iraq, built 1,000 homes in the town of Bashir, near Kirkuk, and gave them away to Turkmen returnees.
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.92 KB Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
The girl agreed to give the ball to Dominguez, but not before she added her own missive. She wrote, “Congratulations, (heart) Estella.”
A couple months later, Pate gave another $2,500 to Rubio, according to the Center for Responsible Politics. Later in the year, after Rubio launched his presidential campaign, the Rubio campaign returned $5,000 of the $7,700 total that Pate had donated to him. That is standard operating procedure because the Federal Election Commission (FEC) only allows donors to make a total of $2,700 to an individual presidential candidate.
It wasn’t Pate’s first difficulty with the councilmen and he was frustrated. “He [Pate] fought us tooth-and-nail to get that money,” Plott said. “But I didn’t think public dollars should be spent on a private business. He began a public crusade to try to destroy me.” Pate apparently conceived a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott. Amidst the many charges of corruption on www.theplottthickens.com, a dormant discussion board asks for feedback on the councilman and a line on the site declares, “I am Stan Pate and I approve this message,” then gives a Northport post office box address. Pate admits to having founded the site and claims good reason for such. “I filed an ethics complaint that is a matter of public record against Mr. Plott,” Pate said, “and I made it very clear in multiple ads and in the newspaper and in Tuscaloosa and on various publications that I feel like Mr. Plott’s dealings while he was on the city council were unethical and corrupt.”
And that is something that should give British people pause for thought: if you are livid at the prospects of a party from here, going over there to interfere and make your laws, how do you think we feel after all these centuries?
Turning the option on in your Gmail account settings apparently enables you to send an SMS as soon as you start typing a phone number into Chat’s search box. When you enter new phone numbers, it will save the digits in your contact entries as well. This means that when contacts go offline, the chat window will give you the option to switch to SMS.
But this is in the middle of the depth chart, meaning that if a team is carrying 10 receivers in camp, receivers Nos. 5 and 6 are battling for a job. Nos. 7 through 10 are camp bodies, there to bolster the numbers, to take punishment, to give veterans an occasional rest, to serve as verbal punching bags for position coaches trying to make a point. This happens at every position, even quarterback. Players see this happening to them, and there is nothing they can do about it. At the bottom of the depth chart, guys get very few quality “reps” — repetitions, turns to play in practice. Coaches often encourage these players, saying things like, “Don’t count your reps, make your reps count!” But reality sets in. For many, this will be the last football they will ever play.
Mark Scherer, an owner of the one of the largest lumberyards and truss-building plants in the region, has managed to keep his staffing levels steady by regularly raising wages. At a plant in Albertville, he gave workers a nearly $1 an hour raise last fall. “That seemed to take care of the problem,” he said.
Protesters from the local area against the link road scheme were joined by large numbers of anti-road campaigners from around the UK and beyond, attracted by the availability of free housing along the route. These experienced protesters, who had participated in earlier events such as the Anti-Nazi League riots in Welling, gave impetus to the campaign. The new arrivals used the skills they had developed during prior protests to construct "defences", blocking the original entrances to the houses and creating new routes directly between them.
Protesters continued to delay the destruction of the tree. Solicitors for the campaign had even argued in court that receipt of a letter addressed to the tree itself gave it the status of a legal dwelling, causing a further delay. In the early morning of 7 December 1993, several hundred police arrived to evict the protesters,[a] which took ten hours to carry out.[b] Protesters made numerous complaints against the police;[36] police, in turn, denied these allegations, attributing any misbehaviour to the protesters.[c] Media attention started to increase regarding the protest, with several daily newspapers putting pictures of the tree on their front pages.
Following the Claremont Road eviction, non-resident protesters moved on to other sites such as Newbury. Meanwhile, Fillebrook Road near Leytonstone Underground station had already had several houses demolished on it due to problems with vandalism. By 1995, the only house left standing was number 135. The house was originally scheduled for demolition at the same time as the others, but had been left standing in order to give the tenant additional time to relocate. After they had done so, on 11 April 1995, the Department for Transport removed the water supply and part of the roof, and left two security guards on duty. When the guards decided to sleep overnight in their cars that evening, leaving the house unoccupied, the protesters moved in. The house was renamed Munstonia (after The Munsters, thanks to its spooky appearance). Like "Wanstonia", they proclaimed themselves a micro-nation and designed their own national anthem and flag, though author Joe Moran mentions their legitimacy was complicated by the protesters continuing to claim unemployment benefits from the "mother country."
^ The BBC give the figure as two hundred; Wall gives the figure as four hundred. ^ According to the BBC; Wall gives a figure of nine hours. ^ The BBC quotes then-Chief Superintendent Stuart Giblin as saying "My officers acted professionally despite some of the comments and behaviour of the protesters."
At the time, Ms Quach put up posters in the hope someone would recognise the much-loved pooch, but she eventually gave up hope of being reunited.
This is something we don't normally get to see -- what happens when a drunk driving suspect refuses to give his blood to police.
“It’s a mock-up but it shows circuits that sense temperature, feel objects and control the arm’s movement,” says Hague. “3D printing gives us the freedom to make complex, optimised shapes, and our research aim is focused on printing-in electrical, optical or even biological functions.”
In conjunction with large prizes, Bezos suggested NASA also pursue ambitious technology development efforts. "I would also advise that NASA needs to go after gigantic, hard technology goals," he said, that would be too difficult for private industry to do on its own. Examples he gave were in-space nuclear reactors and hypersonic passenger aviation.
“Nonviolence is the best tool because it strengthens civil society and it gives a role to each person: the kids, the women, the elders and the youth. With nonviolent activities you get more international support and you neutralize the violence of the oppressor,” he explained.
Amro gives regular tours of Hebron to delegations from around the world, showing the reality of life under military occupation. The tours are often targeted by settlers seeking to intimidate both Amro and the visitors.
Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
TC: I don’t agree. I think ideological money is more likely to be more representative than business money. Business money will have certain things in common. It’s coming from businesses big enough to hire lobbyists, as opposed to just people interested enough to give money. Now, for individuals, it’s so much easier to give money. The Senate Conservatives Fund was just a Web site when it started.
TC: I think it’s possible then that you see something like an actual strategy or potential path towards victory coming out of this. If it’s not going to be Obamacare, I hope the Republican ask will be something like eliminating a corporate welfare subsidy Obama likes -- something like the sugar subsidy or the subsidies for Boeing. That would show a very new side of the Republican Party, it would weaken Democrats, and it would give something conservatives could bring home to their base.
“For the vast majority of developers building social apps and games, keep doing what you’re doing. Our goal is to provide a platform that gives people an easy way to login to your apps, create personalized and social experiences, and easily share what they’re doing in your apps with people on Facebook. This is how our platform has been used by the most popular categories of apps, such as games, music, fitness, news and general lifestyle apps.
“With many vulnerable people suffering from feelings of social isolation, a free phone call removes financial barriers and gives everyone – regardless of their personal circumstance – the chance to make a positive emotional connection,” said Major Brendan Nottle, The Salvation Army.
As a company with connection at its heart, we want to play a genuine role in connecting people at Christmas and all year round through the technology and experiences we provide. Our ability to open up our network gives all Australians the opportunity to pick up the phone and call their friends, families and loved ones at a time of year when social connection is really important.
“First we had an idea about why every weekend there’s three billion guys in the entire world that dread the fact that they have to go to a club and they have to dance and no one can actually dance. There’s not one move. There used to be like cha cha cha and now it’s just chaos. That was their original idea and that felt [like it was] searching for a hit,” Bård said. “But [Stargate was] pitched this idea, so that’s why they gave us the songs. And I called one of the guys. I said, ‘The whole thing changed a bit and now we want to make a song about what sound the fox makes.’ I explained that it will be funny for us if we go over and misuse your talent – that will be funny for our show.” Luckily, Stargate was in.
In addition, they also gave a former organizational pitcher, Ryan Vogelsong, a second chance to pitch with the club, something he hadn’t done since the 2001 season.
Look for next weeks blog. We will give you tips on wound care.
One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie's friend, Clarissa. Her boyfriend, who mistakenly thinks his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly bludgeons Jack to death as Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey's house looking for evidence that he killed Susie. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie's hair, and news articles about Susie's disappearance. Harvey returns home and almost catches Lindsey in his house, but she escapes and rushes home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil her parents' reunion, she gives the book to her grandmother, who contacts the police. Harvey has already fled, having seen Lindsey running from his home – he takes the safe containing Susie's remains with him.
"[I] basically [added] more violence and suffering, [the audience] wanted far more violence [...] They just weren't satisfied [...] We got a lot of people telling us that they were disappointed with this death scene, as they wanted to see [the character] in agony and suffer a lot more, we had to create a whole suffering death scene just to give people the satisfaction they needed." —Jackson to Reuters on re-shooting Harvey's death scene, November 2009[38]
The Lovely Bones was originally scheduled for release on March 13, 2009, but it was delayed to December 11, 2009, as the studio became interested in releasing the film for "awards season," which gave Jackson an opportunity to make some effects shots larger in scope.[49] The film then received a limited theater release on December 11, 2009, in the United States.[50] The film was originally set to have a wider United States theater release on December 25, 2009 (Christmas Day), as part of a campaign to build its momentum into January 2010.[52] In early December it was confirmed that the United States release date had been pushed back by three weeks to January 15, 2010.[53] Paramount and DreamWorks did not give a reason for the change of the release date. The film premiered in New Zealand on December 26, 2009, and was released in the United Kingdom on January 29 and in other countries in January 2010.
Although Ronan and Tucci were praised for their performances, The Lovely Bones received mixed reviews from critics.[60] On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 32%, based on 238 reviews, with an average rating of 5/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "It's stuffed full of Peter Jackson's typically dazzling imagery, but The Lovely Bones suffers from abrupt shifts between horrific violence and cloying sentimentality."[61] Metacritic gave the film a score of 42 out of 100, based on 36 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".[62] It is Peter Jackson's lowest rated film to date.[citation needed]
Ian Freer of Empire gave the film 4/5 stars.[63] Freer emphasized the "bold, daring original filmmaking, with arguably more emotional and intellectual meat to chew on than either the Rings trilogy or Kong."[63] Freer noted that, like The Lord of the Rings, the film "does a fantastic job with revered, complex source material" and that, since it is "as terrific on terra firma as it is audacious in its astral plane", it is "doubtful" that there would be a "more imaginative" and "courageous film" in 2010.[63]
Claudia Puig of USA Today gave the film 2/4 stars, remarking that while "[Peter] Jackson gets the thriller scenes right", the "conceit of Susie trapped in a DayGlo world between the one she left and her final resting place, imparting lessons on coping with death, feels preachy."[66] Puig also described the film as having "clashing tones" that veer from "lightheartedness to heavy-handedness."[66] Puig also criticized the film's computer-generated imagery, describing it as being "cheesy" and felt that it broke "no ground."[66] Kirt Honeycutt, of the Hollywood Reporter, described the film as telling "a fundamentally different story" which is "one that is not without its tension, humor and compelling details", but that "it's also a simpler, more button-pushing tale that misses the joy and heartbreak of the original."[67] Honeycutt also described Jackson as having transformed Sebold's "startling, unique novel about the aftermath of a terrible murder" into a story that's more "focused on crime and punishment."[67]
Stephanie Zacharek, of Salon.com, viewed the film as being "an expensive-looking mess that fails to capture the mood, and the poetry, of its source material" because "good actors fighting a poorly conceived script, under the guidance of a director who can no longer make the distinction between imaginativeness and computer-generated effects."[69] Todd McCarthy, of Variety, felt that Jackson had undermined the "solid work from a good cast" with "show-offy celestial evocations" that "severely disrupt the emotional connections with the characters."[70] McCarthy stated that he felt that the film, overall, was a "significant artistic disappointment."[70] Joe Neumaier, of New York Daily News, described Jackson as having "siphoned out all the soulfulness" that made the author's "combination thriller/afterlife fantasy a best-seller" and that the film was "a gumball-colored potboiler that's more squalid than truly mournful."[68] Neumaier also wrote that the film and Jackson "wasted" a "good cast."[68] Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film 1.5 stars out of 4, calling it "deplorable", and criticizing the apparent message that Susie's murder eventually made her happier. He was also critical of the film's portrayal of Heaven, which he compared to "a happy gathering of new Facebook friends". However, he praised the acting, stating that "this whole film is Jackson's fault".[71]
Brett Sokolow of the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management, which advises schools how to design sexual-misconduct policies and proceedings, gave a thorough definition of incapacitation 10 years ago that could have been useful to AAU and Westat:
Though his discussion goes on to give colleges far too much leeway to judge that what appeared consensual, to both parties, at the time of sex, was actually not consensual in retrospect, at least those conditions put some intelligible limits on the concept of incapacitation.
Yeah, it’s a clockwork with a huge number of details. I have to give the full credit for this amazing work to our lead game designer Alexey Bokulev, who is an extremely creative person and a huge fan of old-school strategy games.
What are some of the role-playing mechanics at work in Eador? I seem to recall something about hero quests during the E3 demo? Can you give me some examples of how that works?
Stamina represents the unit’s ability to carry out our orders – i.e. move or attack. Each action costs a specific amount of stamina points, and when the unit is attacked by the enemy, his stamina suffers as well. The unit with zero stamina is considered utterly exhausted and becomes completely useless. Therefore, the player should review the state of his troops and give his tired units a break to catch their breath.
You might be asking yourself (or perhaps in your head, you’re asking me) wtf the point of this article even is, and why I’ve so far, refused to even give you a title (Not referring to the meta title here) well it’s to do with the subtitle of my blog “politically pissed off” and it has even more to do with a YouTube video I found on the front page of Reddit today –
Thanks to the skillful mind of former SEC commissioner Mike Slive, the SEC has stayed ahead of the curve for most of the 2000's. New commissioner Greg Sankey is in the infancy of his reign as league commissioner, but if he wants to give the SEC another leg up on the competition, he could take a radical step into future planning.
“The editing was clearly intended to give viewers the impression that Scott wasn’t armed. By intentionally excluding information to promote the false narrative that the officer-involved shooting of Keith Scott was unjustified, CNN directly contributed towards inciting violence and destruction in the Charlotte riots. Innocent citizens were hurt during the Charlotte riots, but editing like this also incites violence against police officers long after the riots are over.”
While trainers can share knowledge about nutrition in general but what determines if it is legal is the certification of the trainer and if they are competent to give health advice to their clients. Trainers should not cross the line when suggesting nutritional changes for medical conditions; that is the prerogative of the registered dietician and general physicians.
You can also share recipes. Basically, you can give them the bricks to build the foundation of their diet. Where you tread tricky ground is when you suggest diet solutions to treat diseases. You cannot suggest any meal plans because that is beyond the scope of a trainer in most countries; in many countries, there are no clear-cut laws on this aspect of fitness. In the US, the law varies based on the state and its guidelines.
Your client looks towards you to give them some guidelines on what to eat and what to avoid and you are well within your rights to suggest the right foods and show them the food pyramid; remember only when their diet corresponds to the exercises can they hope to benefit. Those clients who are into bodybuilding will already be following a dietician’s advice and might even be testosterone pills with a positive avis sur testogen aiding their cause.
As Yang and George went up, Yang said to Oobleck's remains, "I'm sorry I couldn't save you in time, Doctor." She then gave him a salute and walked away, shaking her head in utter disbelief that he was actually dead. George held her hand as she walked.
Blake gave a short laugh and said, "I could see him doing that. I'm not even kidding. Didn't he once say that that would've been his plan B if he lost his job?"
"One example of how he impacted students would be a man who, when he first got here, was not a good fighter or leader at all. He had no control over his semblance or aura, and he reportedly faked his transcripts. Oobleck himself pointed out how he often did not pay attention in his class. Eventually, after improving his skills in his first year, Oobleck offered to give this man extra help outside of class. Multiple times, I let them fight Grimm by themselves in Emerald Forest. They ended up scoring many kills together. Today, this man is Lieutenant Jaune Arc, and he graduated at the number 22 spot in his class out of 678 students, an impressive feat considering he was at the very bottom when he first started." The audience then cheered and applauded.
"One of the last things Oobleck said to me was, pardon my language here, "I'm getting too old for this shit." I could tell he was saying it in a joking manner, but I still said to him, "Oobleck, you're 42 years old and have the energy of someone half your age. You won't be getting too old for this job anytime soon." He laughed and agreed with me. You know, I will always mourn his loss, but at the very least, I can take comfort in knowing that he died doing what he loved. Hunting Grimm was his life, and he was prepared to give up his life every time he went out onto the battlefield. And thus, the story of one of the greatest teachers in Beacon's history may be ending, but in all of you, a new story is just beginning. Thank you." The audience then applauded his speech and cheered.
"Present, ARMS!" The cry of an honour guard captain pierced the air as all of the students, hunters, teachers, and other military personnel and royal family members gave a salute, while the civilians all placed a hand on their heart. Then, a lone bagpiper began playing "Going Home" to symbolise that Oobleck's soul was 'going home' in a sense.
Weiss laughed and said, "Oh shut up, Yang! Like any girl at 12 had a noticeable chest size. I have pride in my size or whatever I guess. I just don't give it much thought."
Another recommendation, and one of the primary objectives of the “Less=More” coalition, is cutting subsidies to factory farms with violations and give the money to smaller farms that are genuine in their efforts to help solve this problem.
Periodically, administrations have suggested creating a capital budget, both to give clearer picture of the economic effects of federal spending and to shield investments from budget cuts that should be limited to consumption outlays. The Reagan administration floated the idea in 1986, and the Clinton administration created a commission to study it.
"(Kemp) brought in 50 senators and congressmen including Henry Hyde and Bob Dole and a bunch of other people and gave it respectability," Schaeffer said. And the rest, as they say, is history.
Lord Beaverbrook, a World War II Minister of Aircraft Production, gave an appropriate tribute at the closing ceremony disbanding the ATA at White Waltham on 30 November 1945:[3]
One of the many notable achievements of these women is that they received the same pay as men of equal rank in the ATA, starting in 1943. This was the first time that the British government gave its blessing to equal pay for equal work within an organisation under its control.[14] At the same time American women flying with the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) were receiving as little as 65 per cent of the pay given to their male colleagues.[15]
Metabolic Stress. Identified as one of the three primary mechanisms of muscle hypertrophy (along with muscular tension and muscle damage), metabolic stress signals muscles to grow. Constant BFR (leaving the wraps on between sets) works better that intermittent BFR (taking the wraps off between sets) for this purpose. Intermittent BFR leads to greater metabolic stress than regular low-load training, and constant BFR leads to similar levels of metabolic stress as training at 65% of your 1rm without BFR – equal metabolic stress with much lower loads. Motor Unit Recruitment (one, two, three). Regular low-load training potentially doesn’t recruit as many motor units as heavier training, even when training to failure. I say “potentially” because you assess motor unit recruitment via EMG, and it’s very possible that as the first motor units recruited start to fatigue, they “drop out,” so that the EMG readings at failure would be lower than they would have been when training with heavier loads (which wouldn’t give motor units enough time to fatigue and “drop out”), even if motor unit recruitment throughout the entirety of the set was identical (more on that here). Regardless, research shows that motor unit recruitment is substantially higher with low-load BFR training (specifically constant BFR) than with low-load training without BFR, and that motor unit recruitment is similar for low-load BFR training and heavier, conventional training without BFR. This, as we’ll see later, is probably the biggest benefit of BFR training. Cellular Swelling. Similar to metabolic stress, cell swelling has been identified as a mechanism that can cause hypertrophy. Muscle thickness increases roughly 11.5-12% directly after a BFR workout, due to the increased fluid in the muscle, indicating (to use a scientific term) a buttload of cellular swelling. Modulating Hypertrophy Signalling Pathways and Gene Expression (one, two, three). Key signaling pathways (like the mTOR pathway) and genes (like the myostatin gene) are affected to a greater degree by low-load BFR training than low-load training without BFR. BFR training and heavier, conventional training affect them similarly, increasing protein synthesis and decreasing myostatin to similar degrees. There’s also some data suggesting BFR increases the activity of heat shock proteins which may decrease catabolic signaling, but as far as I know, that’s only been observed in one rodent study thus far. Satellite cell proliferation and myonuclear addition. If you remember from a previous article (I’m overhauling this one in the future because there are some things about it I’m not too pleased with as-is, but the mechanistic stuff about satellite cells and myonuclei is solid), addition of new myonuclei is an absolutely essential factor for long-term hypertrophy. Muscles can grow until the muscle fibers hit their myonuclear domain limit without adding more myonuclei, but to continue growing, the addition of new myonuclei from satellite cells is crucial. Low-load BFR training increases the satellite cell pool and causes myonuclear addition much more effectively than low-load training without BFR, and to a similar degree as heavier, conventional training. Growth Hormone Release. It’s not clear whether acute elevations in ostensibly anabolic hormones affect muscle growth in any meaningful way, but the results of this study were eye-catching enough to at least give it a mention. Low-load BFR training to failure caused an increase in growth hormone 290x higher than resting levels, and approximately 4x higher than low-load training to failure without BFR.
When you think through it, though, it makes sense. Plenty of things make muscle grow; tension, volume, metabolite accumulation, muscle damage, etc. With low-load BFR, tension is lower, metabolite accumulation is high, but not any higher than conventional training for 10+ reps, and there’s very, very little muscle damage that takes place. It gives you a solid growth stimulus, but nothing that you can’t also get from just picking up heavy stuff, and when you add it to a program that revolves around picking up heavy stuff, it doesn’t seem to offer any additional hypertrophy benefits.
That voice gave me a feeling of discomfort and it had become extremely disgusting but, no one noticed that and everyone was under the impression that it was indeed, my voice.
"The Tea Party at its heart was against unfair advantage and big government that gives it and creates the inequalities," she said. "This is a very diverse group politically, and not everybody agrees on how the inequality has come about. But we all agree that it's here."
The Fact even claimed that Sulli had been drunk in the emergency room, citing an unnamed source from the Seoul University Hospital. The unnamed source also said that Sulli had denied any attempted suicide. However, the PR department of that hospital has already released an official statement stating that they cannot give out personal information on patients.
"We talk about a harmless UAS, causing minimal harm to a person. If it hits them on the head it will give them a headache. If it hits them in the back it will give them a bit of a bruise, but it is not going to kill you."
$14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle. There’s no disposable-ORCA option, which would be useful regardless of the price premium. If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means.
If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means. The $4 fare cap seems arbitrary. The most expensive regular bus service in the region is two-county ST Express at $3.50, while the Water Taxi is $3.50 (West Seattle) or $4.25 (Vashon) and Sounder runs on a scale up to $5.75 (Lakewood). If the purpose is to cover any possible fare in the region, $4 doesn’t work. The only people who would lose out on a reduction of the fare cap from $4 to $3.50 would be a minute number of Sounder South day-pass riders; and if a reduction in the fare cap allowed the pass to drop in price, it would make the pass far more attractive.
While Miyazaki didn’t give out any specific duration of time, the fact that the total game volume is bigger should be welcome news for fans, right?
J. Randall Barrs gives his first television interview since he was shot outside his law office in September. (Martin Trainor/CBC)
Because it is breakthrough through Europeans within the middle 1500s (actually through The spanish language explorer Coronado as well as their men), the actual Great Canyon offers stated the actual life associated with countless individuals. Within the guide “Over the actual Advantage: Passing away within the Great Canyon” the actual writers discover all the numerous ways individuals give up on within the Canyon. Heating system in order to passing away, or even more precisely perishing associated with dehydration- as well as warmth stroke-induced heart police arrest, is actually the most typical method individuals end within the Canyon.
For the sake of argument, let’s give LeBron James nine more seasons—which is (hopefully for NBA fans) an underestimation. If he wins titles in three of those seasons, that puts him at four. And whenever LeBron wins a ring, that gives him a Finals MVP, too. There is no way that LeBron wins a title as the second best player on his team. He’s the best player in the game
Chasing 23 names all of LeBron’s clutch shot makes (5) and attempts (12) through May 2012 which puts him at a 42 percent success rate. Jordan was names all of LeBron’s clutch shot makes (5) and attempts (12) through May 2012 which puts him at a 42 percent success rate. Jordan was 9 of 18 in his career in such situations, or a 50 percent success rate. Again, let’s give LeBron his full career but the dismissal of LeBron from the playing field of Jordan as GOAT is unwarranted and founded in 1) a desire to protect history or 2) simply a hatred of LeBron James.
At about 9:20 am on Saturday 15 June 1996, the Ford van was parked on Corporation Street, outside the Marks & Spencer store, near the Arndale Centre.[1] After setting the bomb's timer, two men – wearing hooded jackets, baseball caps and sunglasses – left the vehicle and walked to Cathedral Street, where a third man picked them up in the Ford Granada.[24] The truck had been parked on double yellow lines with its hazard lights flashing.[25] Within three minutes a traffic warden had issued the vehicle with a parking ticket and called for its removal. At about 9:40 am, Granada Studios on Quay Street received a telephone call claiming that there was a bomb at the corner of Corporation Street and Cannon Street and that it would explode in one hour. The caller had an Irish accent and gave an IRA codeword so that police would know the threat was genuine.[1][27] Four other telephoned warnings were sent to television/radio stations, newspapers and a hospital.[28][29]
The bombing was condemned by British Prime Minister John Major and his government, by the opposition, and by individual members of parliament (MPs) as a "sickening", "callous" and "barbaric" terrorist attack.[41][42] Early on, Major stated that, "This explosion looks like the work of the IRA. It is the work of a few fanatics and ... causes absolute revulsion in Ireland as it does here".[43] Sinn Féin was criticised by Taoiseach John Bruton for being "struck mute" on the attack in the immediate aftermath. Bruton described the bombing as "a slap in the face to people who've been trying, against perhaps their better instincts, to give Sinn Féin a chance to show that they could persuade the IRA to reinstate the ceasefire".[43] The President of the United States, Bill Clinton, stated he was "deeply outraged by the bomb explosion" and joined Bruton and Major in "utterly condemning this brutal and cowardly act of terrorism".[44] Sinn Féin President, Gerry Adams, stated that he was "shocked and saddened" by the bombing. He insisted that his party was committed to achieving a peace settlement and argued "it is sheer folly to return to the old agenda of excluding Sinn Féin and seeking to isolate republicans".[45] On 20 June 1996, the IRA claimed responsibility for the bombing, and stated that it "sincerely regretted" causing injury to civilians.[16] The IRA statement continued:
"This could give sunshine and make it very hard to screw the system," he told me. "The blockchain will not cook us breakfast, but it might tell us who cooked breakfast."
After this 10 minutes check you cake for doneness, it should just be starting to pull away from the sides of your tins be a light golden colour and be firm to the touch. If you have a pick press it into the middle and it should come out clean. If it doesn't pass these tests give your cake a further few minutes and test again.
According to Budiansky, "In late March 1951, the 1st RSM (1st Radio Squadron, Mobile), still operating in Japan, picked up Russian ground controllers in voice communication with Soviet MiG fighter aircraft operating over North Korea. This became an "intelligence windfall", because "Soviet doctrine called for tight control of fighters by stations on the ground tracking the location of friendly and enemy aircraft on radar throughout the battle." These radio intercepts gave additional warning beyond the range of radar. This breakthrough in signals intelligence, centralized at a single USAFSS facility in Seoul, meant real-time listening of Russian controllers and fighters and the subsequent passing of information to U.S. pilots. "An analysis of ground control traffic in June 1952 concluded that more than 90 percent of MiGs engaged in air operations over North Korea were being flown by Russians."[35]
Since the last time Jon checked in on the increasingly sprawling Republican field for President, several more also-rans joined in: cherub Tennesse Williams character Lindsey Graham, frothy SEO disaster Rick Santorum, the forgotten George Pataki, and 19th century orientalist and cartoonishly evil corporate overlord Carly Fiorina. But one, in particular, Donald Trump, really gave the Daily Show host pause. After the Donald's smug, trolly face came on screen, Stewart paused, bit his fist and exclaimed, "No, no I've made up my mind… God, maybe I'll get a twitter account."
The concept / conspiracy theory that election polling this year is “skewed” toward oversampling Democratic voters–meaning they give falsely strong results for Obama–has, through social media and the Drudge Report, reached full-on Internet meme status. (Go on Twitter after any major poll release, search for “Obama poll” or “Romney poll” and watch your screen fill with disgruntled amateur statisticians muttering about “D +9 sampling.”) And now the polling conspiracists have their own website, UnSkewedPolls.com, which essentially takes existing polls and changes the numbers so that Mitt Romney is winning them.
Independent polling firms. Educational institutions. Local media. National media. The Wall Street Journal and Fox News—that’s right, Rupert Murdoch’s media properties are in there lifting away to give Obama a second term! What’s more, they’re all knowingly, erroneously reporting results that not only can be, but by definition will be, refuted by vote returns. Media outlets that rely on polls for credibility, pollsters that rely on accuracy for their very businesses’ existence–they’re ready to blow it all in a few weeks just to give Obama four more years.
The Boston Globe’s Fluto Shinzawa wrote the following morning that the "deal in principle" was for the Canucks’ Alexander Edler, reporting that the deal was contingent on Ryan Kesler being traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins. Had the trade gone through, the Bruins likely would’ve had to give up at least two high prospects (Bartkowski/Spooner/Khokhlachev), and likely a draft pick. Chiarelli noted that the negotiations weren’t a total loss, as he was able to "lay some groundwork", and that it would be revisited during the off-season. Flash-forward nearly three months to the day, and there’s one major variable PC may not have seen coming: former Bruins’ Assistant GM is now the general manager of the Vancouver Canucks, replacing Mike Gillis at the end of May. So what ripple effect does this have for the future of the Bruins blue line, you ask?
2013-14 was the first season of a six year, $30M deal for Alex Edler. The $5 million annual cap hit would put him second on the Bruins, in front of Johnny Boychuk and Dennis Seidenberg. It would also give him the longest term of any defenseman on the team by two years, with Zdeno Chara and Seidy both up at the end of the 2017-18 season. Edler just turned 28, younger than Johnny Boychuk and only about six months older than both Adam McQuaid and Kevan Miller. He would just be turning 33 at the end of the contract, giving you the prime of his career at a reasonable price.
First of all, Edler’s cap hit might be reasonable once the salary cap increases in a few years, but with Jarome Iginla’s cap penalty on the books for next season, the B’s are assumed to be docked around $4.5 million, bringing their projected 2014-15 salary cap down from $71M to $66.5M. Even with Savard’s money on LTIR, Edler would put the Bruins against the cap, forcing them to make significant moves (trades or contract buyouts) before signing their own free agents. His $5M cap hit is comparable to Keith Yandle, who would give you much more bang for your buck.
When seeking a puck-moving defenseman, don’t forget the embarrassment of blue line riches the Bruins currently have under their belt. Not only does Boston have Dougie Hamilton under contract as he steadily grows in all facets of the game, but they have Torey Krug and Matt Bartkowski in their RFA years. Assuming they give Krug a multi-year deal and sign Bart to a qualifying offer, that’ll give the big club eight defenseman. In the system, they have David Warsofsky, Zach Trotman, Joe Morrow, and the newly signed Linus Arnesson. While Arnesson is more of a lock-down defenseman, Morrow, Warsofsky and Trotman have an offensive skillset, as the three combined for 85 points in their collective 165 games played in the minors last season. Joe Morrow, who came over in the Tyler Seguin deal, is the most highly-touted prospect, while David Warsofsky—also currently an RFA—is the most NHL-ready, as he appeared in six games with the Boston during the regular season (1G, 1A, +1), and followed that up with a great showing in the Calder Cup Playoffs with 9 points in 12 games.
There are two logical reasons for this. First, from what Behind The B showed us last season, Jim Benning was a key voice in the Bruins’ front office in regards to the Tyler Seguin trade. Assuming this wasn’t a one-time occurrence, it seems that Benning was and had been heavily involved in trade negotiations alongside Chiarelli. Odds are he was a facilitator leading up to the deadline, and there’s a good chance that Benning wanted Edler on his team. Now that Jim has him, why give Edler up? Remember, the Canucks may have been sellers last season due to their record, but if they can get their goaltending situation figured out, there’s plenty of firepower in their arsenal to make them a playoff threat in the West next season. Dumping Edler would hurt that cause.
“With Kangaroo Notebook, we put the power to create private, individualized computing experiences directly into the hands of our customers,” Ben Chu, head of Kangaroo sales, said in a statement. “The modular design of this new mobile computing bundle gives our customers a different level of flexibility and control over how they want to manage personal computing, particularly in the home.”
The papers themselves include millions of leaked documents that reveal just how pervasive tax avoidance is among the world's most powerful and wealthy. They give a world tour of corruption, magnifying tactics used by the rich to keep their financial dealings secret. They have already forced out the prime minister of Iceland and raised uncomfortable questions for the prime minister of the United Kingdom.
In the current international tax structure, double taxing is prevented with tax deals between countries. For example, under President Barack Obama's administration the United States passed a deal with Panama that eliminated tariffs on trade and gave Panama access to US businesses and financial services.
Notably, the rapprochement between the carrier and the smartphone maker comes as T-Mobile is ramping up its efforts to gain market share in the enterprise market with new business plans. Getting T-Mobile back on board will also give BlackBerry a new possible revenue stream.
If you’re on the oh yeah definitely not side of the situation, here’s what’s happening—there’s this suffering human in the world, and you know they’re suffering, and you fucking love it, because it gives your little ego a succulent sponge bath every time you hang out with them. You enjoy it so much you probably even lead them on intentionally, don’t you—you make sure to keep just enough ambiguity in the situation that their bleeding heart continues to lather your ego from head to toe at your whim.
2) Dedicate even more time to the Quadrant 1, Tier 1 rocks in your life. If you’re in your mid-20s or older, your current rocks are probably the only ones you’ll ever have. Your rock friendships don’t warrant 2x the time you give to your other friends—they warrant 5 or 10x. And keep in mind that seeing one of them for an hour-long meal isn’t really enough—your rocks deserve serious, dedicated time so you can stay close. So go make plans with them.
Hyman isn’t the only one who has experienced this Starbucks reverse jinx. Orange County, Calif., coffeehouse owner Martin Diedrich started hyperventilating when he first heard a Starbucks was opening “within a stone’s throw” of his cafe, yet he reported similar results: “I didn’t suffer whatsoever. Ultimately I prospered, in no small part because of it.” Ward Barbee, the recently passed founder of the coffee trade magazine Fresh Cup, saw this happen scores of times. “Anyone who complains about having a Starbucks put in next to you is crazy,” he told me. “You want to welcome the manager, give them flowers. It should be the best news that any local coffeehouse ever had.”
The key for independent coffeehouse owners who want to thrive with a Starbucks next-door is that they don’t try to imitate Starbucks. (As many failed coffee chains can attest, there’s no way to beat Starbucks at being Starbucks.) The locally owned cafes that offer their own unique spin on the coffeehouse experience—and, crucially, a quality brew—are the ones that give the Seattle behemoth fits. Serve an appetizing enough cappuccino, and you can even follow Hyman’s lead and take aim at almighty Starbucks, where automated espresso machines now pull consistently middling shots at the touch of a button—no employee craftsmanship required.
Why didn’t the Islander’s own color guy, Butch Goring, ever gives this piece of info? He is not an employee of the Islanders. He shouldn’t fear the wrath of Garth… much.
They made their announcement at the championship celebration, sending the Gator crowd into a frenzy, but putting a target on their backs. At times, the target was huge as teams gave them their best shots. But when the post season came around, these gators ripped through the competition for their third straight SEC Tournament championship and second straight national championship. Then it was on to the NBA.
“I would love for my glasses to give me a little quiet indication about my breathing so I can adjust it,” she says.
“Once everything worked out that Jonny was leaving, Joe gave me a call to see my availability. I jumped straight away, as soon as Joe asked me, I just said yes.
“We want to get some speed into our game and give the fans a good game.
Sen. Jeff Sessions, picked for attorney general, said he’s against any outright ban on immigration by Muslims, in contrast to Trump’s one-time call to suspend admittance of Muslims. Secretary of State candidate Rex Tillerson affirmed U.S. commitments to NATO and took a relatively hard line on Russia, both in contrast to Trump — though Tillerson irked GOP Sen. Marco Rubio by refusing to label Vladimir Putin a “war criminal.” And CIA pick Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas, affirmed his opposition to torture and said he would refuse any Trump order to torture, adding he could not imagine Trump would give such a directive. Trump, while campaigning, suggested bringing back waterboarding and more. Tillerson’s nomination is in question in light of concerns from Rubio and others, but it looks like smooth sailing for Pompeo; retired Gen. James Mattis for Defence; and retired Gen. John Kelly for Homeland Security, among others. “Pompeo’s very popular, Mattis, Kelly — these are popular selections,” said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. Sessions was denied confirmation once before by the Senate, but that was three decades ago for a federal judgeship. This time around the Alabaman is a sitting senator and was treated gently, for the most part, by his colleagues, even when Democrats brought up the racial issues that brought him down him last time around. There was potential for drama as Sen. Cory Booker, D-N. J., broke with Senate tradition to testify against his colleague, but it came on the second day of the hearing after Sessions had finished testifying, so he was not even in the room.
Is the Huntington Beach Police breath testing patrons in local bars ? The Orange County Register had a news story about the Huntington Beach Police breath testing patrons in local bars as part of the “know your limit” program. Huntington Beach Police received a grant from the State of California Office of Traffic Safety in the amount of $435,226 for the program up to September, 2015, although Police in Huntington Beach said they will continue the program. Police Officers are paid to hang out in local bars, breath test patrons, and give out a silver sticker that reads “I Know My Limit.”
Grec snapped out of her thoughts, and smiled. As the SAR team walked on through the snow, Grec spun on her heel, keeping pace but walking backwards through the tracks of the marine in front. Psi-Marine Maryam Khouri was on rear point, Grec in the center of the line. Grec gave a thumbs-up and Khouri did the same, signaling that all was well, then Grec turned back around without missing a step. Behind the opaque visor of her helmet, she smiled to herself and focused with her mind, pushing the feeling out, hoping that Khouri, three places behind, would be able to sense it. Grec had no psi-ability, and the Psi-Marines weren’t supposed to communicate with the regular forces like that, officially. But it was common. Sometimes the quickest way to get a message across without anyone else knowing—enemy included—was to use your mind. On the long tour aboard the Union Starship Hit and Run, the two of them had worked at it, Maryam insisting that everyone, even Kat, had the power buried up there somewhere in their cerebrum. With a little effort, you could make yourself heard.
Palladio stepped up to Grec. She couldn’t see his face behind his opaque visor, and she knew that her face was likewise hidden, but she recognized his concern, not just for Khouri but for her. She gave a tiny nod. Palladio seemed to pause, then returned the gesture and turned to the sergeant.
When Furusawa gave the next order, the marines obeyed implicitly, Grec included.
Grec gave a thin smile. “Works though, doesn’t it? It’s knocked us out, totally. Left us helpless in a cave.” She looked up at the sergeant. “Do your mystery orders cover this?”
Then he said “Yes, I give up,” put the pistol to the side of his head, and pulled the trigger.
“He’s jammed it.” Furusawa lowered her weapon. “Good work, Marine.” She turned to Grec. “Signal the Hit and Run. We’re going to need a cargo hopper—I’ll give you the request code.”
Left to their own devices yeasts will most of the time keep eating up any sugar they find until there is nothing left, resulting in dry cider. But not always. The traditional production method for French ciders, for example, starves the yeasts of other essential nutrients so that they more or less give up before all the sugar has been consumed. The result is a naturally sweet often quite complex and wonderful cider. A similar process can be used in the making of ice cider, which starts with highly concentrated (by freezing and thawing) juice and results in a very sweet dessert cider (upwards of 165 g/L) that more often than not avoids being cloying by wrapping all that sugar around a sturdy backbone of bright acid.
Sen. Mark Warner Mark Robert WarnerHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win MORE (Va.), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee who has been a leading critic of Facebook's handling of the probe into Russian activity on its platform, called the move a "necessary first step."
We plan to add support for other languages soon. Visit our Help Center to learn more, ask questions in our Help Forum, or give us suggestions and vote on other people’s on the Mobile Product Ideas page.
Monero (XMR), the privacy-centric cryptocurrency that was first released in 2014, is now definitely on the FBI’s radar. In late 2016, darknet markets AlphaBay and Oasis Markets began to accept Monero for payments. At a recent seminar session attended by a journalist from CoinDesk, Special Agent Joseph Battaglia of the FBI’s Cyber Division in New York City, told 150 people at Fordham University that the FBI was monitoring Monero, and was concerned criminals would use Monero for nefarious purposes. Special Agent Battaglia gave a “high-level” account of how the FBI’s Cyber Division conducts cryptocurrency investigations, during the event. The event was hosted by Fordham University and co-hosted by IBM and was attended by law students at the university, as well as by New York City Police detectives and IRS agents.
But Jewish-American Michael Berg disagrees. As a member of the Jewish Voice for Peace and St. Louis Palestine Solidarity Committee, he’s participated in many demonstrations calling for equal rights for Palestinian citizens. He also gave a speech at the rally.
The doctor tried convincing his father that corrective glasses are not required with no results. He said he wouldn’t leave until the doctor gave his son glasses. Hence the doctor was left with no choice and prescribed him a Rayban aviator sunglasses.
“It’s absolutely right to say more satisfied couples do communicate more positively, as well as to say couples who communicate better on average are more satisfied,” he said. “But it gives us a lot more pause to say that one caused the other one, which is really important. I think what this leaves us wondering is what are some of the other factors that matter for couples’ relationships and how these factors predict how couples do over time.”
Yes. RT @ BradWiegele : @ Ssnyder1835 Will you please give us a badass Riddler story? He's so cool in Arkham city but nowhere in the DCU.
Ricegrowers gave evidence yesterday on what they said will be the dire impact locally should the cuts proceed.
The Gang of Six isn’t satisfied by screwing over Social Security and Medicare, and imposing sneaky tax hikes on workers with the Chained CPI. They want to give billions of dollars in tax savings to the richest corporations in the US, and encourage them to move jobs overseas. That is the logical result of changing to a system of taxing income only if it is “earned” in the US. This is called a “territorial taxation” system. Currently we have a hybrid system. We tax income from whatever source, but we give a credit for foreign taxes on the income, and we don’t tax any of the money until it is repatriated.
The US Chamber of Commerce and many of the anti-American corporations it represents are begging congress to enact a one-time repatriation with at 5% tax rate. Their web site is the patriotic WinAmerica, with a lovely picture of working Americans, you know, the people expected to make shared sacrifices. That is a tough sell in light of the howling about the debt ceiling. Even our corrupt elected representatives are having trouble saying that this is a jobs measure, when we know from recent experience that it is just a devious way to give more money to the rich, and increase their leverage over US workers at the same time.
Workers would win the “right to own” their employers under a Labour government. In a speech to Co-operative UK in Manchester today, John McDonnell promised legislation to give employees first rights on buying out a company that is being dissolved, sold or floated on the stock exchange.
JUNCKER'S REFUGEE RELOCATION SCHEME EXPLAINED EU chief Jean-Claude Juncker wants 160,000 refugees relocated across the continent European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is set to propose a big increase in the number of refugees EU countries are required to give refuge to. In July, Mr Juncker called on European leaders to agree to share 40,000 refugees who had successfully made it to Italy and Greece. EU leaders eventually agreed to relocate 32,000 asylum seekers across the continent – but only those from Syria, Iraq and Eritrea. The number of refugees per country was calculated based on population, economic wealth and unemployment rates. Mr Juncker now wants the asylum scheme to be expanded to help relocate 160,000 refugees from three countries - Greece, Italy and Hungary. The new proposals include a 'permanent relocation scheme' so arriving migrants are automatically shared out between EU states. However, the UK, Ireland and Denmark opted out of the scheme when it was first set up.
It allegedly happened at the Clear Lake apartment complex where he lived. The woman stated it happened after he gave her a lot of liquor to drink.
Even when TSA tries to bring down some of the original restrictions like allowing small knives, the non-sensical public brouhaha that follows doesn’t give TSA any incentive to actually do anything smart about the bloat. It just becomes easier for it to build new moats around it, it seems.
The only reason I am still here, quite frankly, is all of you. I made this blog right as I began to get so much sicker, and was completely alone. The support I received through all of you gave me the courage to seek out further treatment that undoubtedly prolonged my life. Prior to this, nobody listened to me. Nobody heard me when I was sick, nobody believed that what I said was happening actually was. I had nearly given up on myself, since all of my doctors and families tried to convince me that I was lying about my failing health.
It was the absolute life changing experience of having an audience that gave me the strength to keep fighting. I actively thought about my followers, many of them by name, as I went to doctor after doctor and treatment after treatment. This is no exaggeration. My followers were the only people who wanted to be in my life and wanted to listen to what I had to say. That was everything to me.
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Holt said the Pentagon’s legislative affairs staff confirmed to him in June that the landfill dumping had taken place between 2003 and 2008. Though they did not give details, they wrote to Holt that the practice ended as part of “a process improvement initiative and not the result of complaints or findings of non-compliance.”
Stop reading fashion, makeup, natural hair and thrifting blogs. I feel so conflicted about this one, as I love the creativity and artistry with which my fellow bloggers put into their sites. But there are many that I just don’t read, not because I have a problem with the bloggers themselves, but because I know that the whole purpose of their site is to recommend that I buy new clothes, buy old clothes, buy more makeup or buy every new natural hair product line that comes out. If you read blogs to get new information, inspiration or to support the writers, great! But when you find yourself feeling like you have to buy every new lip gloss that beauty bloggers review, it may be time to switch up the blogs you give your attention to.
I want to figure out a way to implement my solution that is more flexible than hard coding the Stylesheet’s file in code and it must not involve any customizations to Sitecore items and files. Normally I would give a lecture on how customizing Sitecore items or files creates upgrade headaches, but rumor has it Speak UI is becoming extinct. Which means this post will probably lose all relevance in about 2 months. Let’s live for today and continue the quest to find a better solution to the issue. I am going to blog as I try to figure this out. Hopefully I figure this out quickly so the post doesn’t become insanely long.
I wake up, and the dream is very easy to interpret: the name of the game gives it away, of course-them's girls! The white ball was easy to figure out, because I was going out, sneakily, with a married woman who worked at the time as a cashier in a cafeteria and wore a white uniform. The green one was also easy, because I had gone out about two nights before to a drive-in movie with a girl in a green dress. But the gray one-what the hell was the gray one? I knew it had to be somebody; I felt it. It's like when you're trying to remember a name, and it's on the tip of your tongue, hut you can't get it.
Sheng asked him if he needed any help and that's when he threatened her for the money. She told ABC 7, "He came my way and said, don't talk I have a gun, give me your money."
In Milgram’s studies, the research subjects were placed in the role of “teacher;” they were to administer electric shock to another subject, the “learner” (actually a confederate of Milgram), each time the learner gave an incorrect answer, using a “shock generator” consisting of 30 switches, the first labeled “15 volts, slight shock,” and increasing by 15 volt increments to “420 volts, danger: severe shock, and finally, “450 volts, XXX.” The teacher was to increase the shock by 15 volts each time the learner was wrong, or did not answer. When these roles were explained, the learner revealed that he had a heart condition.1
For understanding fraud, the useful lesson of the Milgram studies is the significance of that first tiny step down the slippery slope, however “slight” a violation it may be. Each minor transgression, whether dropping an inconvenient data point or failing to give credit where it is due, creates a threat to self-image—“Am I that sort of person?” To avoid the discomfort, people rationalize and justify until their behavior feels comfortable and right, making the next transgression seem not only easier, but perhaps even morally right.
It's not all our fault- this purposely widespread and worsening poverty gives us no time or energy to do much more. Our "education" trains us to be disciplined robots, skilled mostly at consuming, following orders, and fighting with each other over petty personal differences without ever grasping the bigger picture. That self-destructive cognitive dissonance is also a primary cause for this country's (profitably medicated) rampant depression and mental illness.
Days before our trip to Kalinga, we visited a friend who’s had his “batok” last year and has visited Buscalan many times already. Aside from the usual warnings of the dangerous road and rough trek, he mentioned, “Pero eto ang pinakamadumi na tato ah. Hanggang ngayon pag pinipisil ko yung tato ko, may lumalabas eh.” (“This is the dirtiest tattoo. Even now, when I pinch it, something comes out.”) I asked him if he ever had it checked by a doctor, he said no, simply because it will defeat the purpose of having it done traditionally. Also he was a friend of the group Tado was with on the way there, so he knew the people who died to take this journey, may they rest in peace, that’s why he asked me if I still wanted to go. You can also discover in blogs that though Whang Od changes the pine needle to use per person, she does not change the cloth she uses to wipe over the skin of those getting their tattoos. Even if you give her a new one to use, she won’t allow it. The ink to be used is the soot from her cooking-ware mixed with water.
So, yes, you already (hopefully) know the process is cringe-worthy. They don’t give you anesthesia. For me, it was 20 times more painful than machine tattoos, and I’d like to believe I have a strong pain tolerance. I managed not to cry or scream though, concentrating on the plants around and savoring the feeling of what the elders in the tribes have felt. Kuya Francis Pa-in, our guide, also told us stories. The pain was too much to bear for some that there were cases when the person peed, fainted, and yes, even pooped. In these instances, Whang Od won’t continue with the tattoo even if you insist, she can always tell if the person can or can’t bear it. Also for women on their dreaded time of the month, it is not advisable since it can be more painful or for whatever reason I don’t know. Ask your doctor. Don’t worry too much though, Keisha was on hers when she got tattooed and she’s fine. Her tattoo just bled profusely more than mine though I’m not sure if it’s the position or her condition that time. I earnestly hope what I’m saying doesn’t discourage you if you happen to plan to go.
In signing the 34-year-old Pau Gasol last summer, the Bulls basically gave themselves a two-year title window with this group. So unless the return haul is something special, trading Gibson would seem contrary to Chicago’s win-now mentality anyway.
Durant's language here is very similar to what Indiana Pacers forward Paul George used in a recent interview, where he said he'd like to develop a mentor/mentee-type relationship with LeBron James, "because I think he’s a player that can help me get to the next level and continue to keep going to the next level." (George also said he wishes Bryant "would mentor [him]," noting that every time he runs into Kobe, "he gives me a couple words.") James, for his part, said he'd be open to mentoring George: "You know me, I don't mind it at all. I don't mind giving guys [advice], whatever he wants to ask. Guys know I have an open door/phone policy."
I would be remiss if I didn’t include at least a single Rebel Assault in a deck that let’s me search for Rebel cards, so Defense of Yavin 4 is at minimum a one of. Considering I’ve already got two Falcon and two Bright Hope in the deck, the objective itself has become a huge part of this deck. Playing the Millenium Falcon for 2 or 3 resources can just ruin your opponent. This also gives me two of each Y-Wing, Red 2, Rebel Assault, Hidden Outpost, and Astromech Droid Upgrade (wonderful with Bright Hope).
Raise the Stakes – The objective and the Blockade Runner give the deck quite a bit of added punch. I could live without the Bothan Spy and the Smuggling Compartment, but an additional Cloud City Operative and Swindled are fantastic. The Swindled is a great option for getting Leia to leave play when you need her to and for triggering Bright Hope if necessary. Of course, bouncing a Royal Guard isn’t ever awful either!
In the end, what I continue to learn about Star Wars is that the value of each card is drastically lower than in most other games. This has a lot to do with the draw mechanic, but also because so much more of this game happens outside of the stats that what is on a card. How you attack, with which units, and in which order makes all the difference. The player skill involved in using the tools at your disposal appropriately is immense. Even if a card doesn’t seem all that great at first, give it a try. It may not be tall enough to be a stormtrooper, but it might end up being quite a bit better than you think.
I’ve seen quite a bit of ‘conventional’ wisdom being developed in this game and I think Star Wars is way too young to be developing hard and fast rules for decks and what is viable. If you play this game, I implore you to not settle for conventional wisdom, to experiment with objectives people aren’t using, and to push the limits of what is possible in this game. Don’t believe the all powerful they. We’ve got several months until Store Championships and regionals roll around, so this is a fantastic time to give objectives a try that don’t look that great on paper.
CRYSTAL PALACE Red Bull would really give the Eagles wings. London, near airports, very appealing. Would not cost much, but needs a big spend. Red Bull Crystal Palace is a mouthful.
Doyle and his business partner, John Newell, say that they believe in Trump's message and want to give other supporters a way to display their solidarity with the Republican candidate.
Sean Doyle is an eight-year veteran of the Marine Corps and part owner of Anarchy Tattoo. Doyle and his business partner, John Newell, say that they believe in Trump's message and want to give other supporters a way to display their solidarity with the Republican candidate.
No bankers went to jail. The Too Big To Fail banks were not broken up – they were bailed out by the American taxpayers. They actually got bigger. Their profits have reached new heights, while the average family has seen their income fall. Wall Street is paying out record bonuses, while 46 million people are on food stamps. Wall Street and their lackeys at the Federal Reserve call the shots in this country. They don’t give a fuck about you. And they’re doing it again.
Though the Constitution gives Congress the power to tax, it also provides that “all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.” This clause has not played much of a role in American tax policy, but it creates a problem for the Alaska Bribe should Murkowski’s state be offered tax credits that most states will not receive.
The document says the asylum seekers are permitted ''approximately three hours' outside during the day in natural light for meals'', but says it would be unsafe to give them unrestricted movement.
“Not everybody that voted for Trump is a racist,” Stewart said during the interview. “I don’t give a f*ck what any of you say to me. You can yell it at me, you can tweet it at me. They’re not all racists. Or they’re not giving tacit support to a racist system … We all give tacit support to exploitative systems as long as they don’t affect us that badly.”
He gave an example:
“His selection for Secretary of State will be David Petraeus, who pled guilty to mishandling classified material,” Stewart continued. “He said [Clinton] was unqualified because she gave a speech to Goldman Sachs. His Secretary of the Treasury is somebody from Goldman Sachs. We’re in post-accountability.”
The tiny 84×48 resolution of the Nokia screen doesn’t give you many options for sizing QR codes. For the time display of the clock, a 21×21 module Version 1 code with two pixels per module and one module margin just fits into 48 pixels. Using a medium level of error correction, you can fit the 19-character message (such as “2013-01-19 18:56:59”) into this tiny screen with a very good chance of it being read by any QR code reader.
Slowey made his big league debut in 2007, tossing 66.2 innings with 6.35 K/9, 1.49 BB/9, and a 4.78 xFIP. He owned one of the five lowest ground ball rates among pitchers with 60+ IP, at 28.9 percent. Converesely, the low number of grounders led to lots of round trippers — Slowey gave up 2.16 HR/9. The prospect often compared to Brad Radke had a higher-than usual home run per fly ball rate (13.3 percent), but with so few grounders and ample fly balls hit, homers figured to be a big problem for Slowey if hitters continued to loft the ball so often.
Got a cool 2.4 million dollars sitting around and a love for 80’s movies? The home made famous by a crashing Ferarri and Cameron’s refusal to give into his father any more is currently on the market.
So I suppose back then, looking back, I admitted defeat. I gave up trying and stuck to Russian. Then something weird happened..
These two realizations go hand in hand. Had Manafort, a dark mage of political image-making, been successful in reshaping the Trump campaign, we would have declared Trump a clown who got lucky in the primaries and smartly bent a knee to the party apparatus. But it seems the correct view now is that an unstoppably destructive force has, in the span of a year, laid waste not only to the brightest lights of the Republican Party, but to the party’s own best attempt to give him the very thing he’s ostensibly running for.
My eating habits are that of a circus animal. Every time I do a trick, I get a reward. Ran 20 miles? Heck yes it's time for meatloaf and gummy bears. The best advice I can give other runners is to not eat like I do.
The Shin Bet gave an extensive rejection of these claims, as well as of torture that allegedly continued through the Gaza war and elevated tensions in the area through the end of 2014.
Of course, Peter refuses and Doc Ock shows him a news report about the Darkforce Bubble over Manhattan and Parker Industries is responsible. Of course, the two start fighting after Parker refuses to give into his demands. Spider-Man also receives Tony’s message about Hydra’s assault on Washington D.C. Peter jumps in his rocket and heads to D.C. to help as Doc Ock leaves also destroying the Parker Industries building in the process.
Issue #10 does give more insight into the plight of the Inhumans’ situation under the Hydra rule, but has a more positive outcome then is displayed throughout the rest of the event for the Inhuman race. There is no mention as to if The Champions continue to look for Ms. Marvel or just assume that she is somewhere else (okay so maybe Las Vegas getting leveled puts a damper on finding Ms. Marvel) that but it would have been nice for the two issues tied together rather than being two one-and done
Beast gives no indication that he is aware of Emma’s presence or manipulation of Xorn here or when he and Hydra-Cap meet in Washington DC and Cap tells Beast that if he wanted he could take Thor’s hammer and crush New Tian.
To be frank, that’s an utterly vile statement. I don’t give two shits whether or not you find somebody sexually attractive – do not ever grab somebody’s junk without their consent. Like, ever. That is assault. It is not okay.
Joe, what gave you the idea to try Periscope after the Dark Matter broadcasts?
Jodelle: I’ve had a pretty chill summer, actually, since Dark Matter finished. I have a couple of things I’ll be working on with friends, but nothing I can give a lot of information on at the moment.
Ferland: Yeah, and we were bothering Joe non-stop asking, “Please, please give us the next episode. Tell us what happens. You can’t do this to us!” but we got nothing out of him.
He said: “I have been moved between 13 different prisons during this last stretch, all across Britain, and this scam was happening at every prison. It would be so easy to stop but most of the screws can’t be bothered because it would only mean more grief and paperwork for them to do. “A prisoner who is an addict is a lot easier to handle if he has got his fix than if he’s being deprived it. “I reckon about 80 per cent of the prisoners I have come into contact with are addicts. Even if they’re not smack heads when they go inside, there is so much temptation and boredom once they are banged up that most give in.
Emboldened by their new weaponry, they have formed a made-to-order liberation movement, the M.N.L.A., or Mouvement National Pour la Libération de l’Azawad — Azawad being the name they give to northern Mali.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
The English Channel in 6h 57min 20sec! Eric Defert and Pierre Yves Durand broke Yvan Bourgnon and Karine Baillet record. Eric Defert: “We had 25 knots of wind, reaching in 3 to 4 meters sea. We left at 8:26 am and arrived at 3:23pm! When we left for Plymouth wednesday, the forecast announced 15 knots, then in the next 48 hours, the prevision were for 20 + knots from the east. Since we were already in England, we decided to give a try. Our driver, in the ferry back to France, recorded wind up to 35 knots. It made for a strong sea. I think the record can be taken… Anybody?”
Preliminary results gave the party 37.6% of the vote, but it was not immediately clear if that would be enough for it to govern alone.
Stahl also speaks to the last known person to see Nisman alive. In a rare interview, Diego Lagomarsino was a tech worker in the prosecutor's office. He gave Nisman a gun - the one that was used in his death - because the prosecutor said he wanted additional protection; Lagomarsino says Nisman told him he did not trust his 10 bodyguards. Nisman was very upset, recounts Lagomarsino, "He told me, 'Do you know how it feels that your daughters don't want to be with you because they are afraid that something will happen to them...', I had never seen Nisman so concerned," he says.
The historical institutional abuse inquiry is investigating 22 orphanages, care homes and other institutions where child sexual abuse took place. The inquiry team is expected to hear from around 450 witnesses, some of whom have travelled from as far as the United States and Australia to give evidence.
Jones said she was not responsible for the amendment that would give judges the option to impose the 24/7 program instead of the interlock devices, but she did change it so that her department would have to authorize the program. And she has repeatedly objected to efforts by the vendors to expand the interlock-device program — a $10 million a year industry in Florida — to first-time offenders, something backed by Mothers Against Drunk Driving and favored by federal transportation officials. But Jones said research shows that the majority of first-time offenders don’t need more intervention to stay out of trouble.
The Jacksonville pilot project will give judges the option of ordering the 24/7 program as a requirement for pretrial release, probation or bond, and is not limited to driving offenses. Drivers ordered into the program may also have to participate in other programs, including rehab or counseling, required separately for some DUI offenders.
Clinton’s total, if accurate, would give her more votes in Florida than President Barack Obama won there in 2012. Obama, who won the state, collected 4,161,850 votes to 4,050,540 for Republican Mitt Romney.
Unlike so many of the outstanding questions about this intriguing election it is possible to give an answer to the electoral skew question before in-person voting begins on May 7th. By taking a forecast of the election result and running it through some simple equations it is possible to give a rough and ready verdict on who is going to benefit from the electoral system. I’ll present the results of this analysis and then move further into the weeds to explain what is going on and how it was carried out.
Graph 2 shows how the 4 different sources of skew have changed since 2005. It is important to note that these components of skew are independent and whilst one may be positive for a given party others may be negative for that party. It is clear from the graphs that the largest contributor to the overall skew in the system is vote distribution bias. Therefore I’ll describe how this distribution bias comes about, spell out the method that produced these results, and give a few caveats.
We can’t talk ex ante of skew and the biases that cause it and we can’t do so separate from a specific election. Each component part depends on the behaviour of voters. In the case of distribution bias the advantage or disadvantage that the system gives a party is determined by how efficiently its vote is ‘used’ to win seats. If a party wastes millions (literally) of votes which are cast in seats where it finishes second or third then this counts against it.
Note: This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of the General Election blog, nor of the London School of Economics. Please read our comments policy before posting.
In its drive to acquire natural resources, China has been pursuing offshore oil exploration contracts in the politically unstable nation of SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe. In 2009, Chinese petroleum corporation Sinopec acquired Swiss company Addax which gave Beijing control over four oil blocs in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe-Nigeria joint development zone. The Sinopec purchase in the Gulf of Guinea made China the leading player in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe oil sector. Whether the islands will actually take off as a major oil producer is still unclear, though drilling is under way and commercial production is expected to begin within a few years.
These smart socks are ideal for trail or road runners who not only want to know how far and fast they have traveled but also want to modify their gait, be notified if they have started suddenly pronating or supinating and want to try and minimize injury. Moreover, the sock could give a before and after look at exactly how an arch support or foot orthotic changes the pressure under the foot.
When it came time for contestants at this year's Miss Peru pageant to give their waist, hip and bust sizes, more than 20 women instead recited facts about trafficking, femicide and harassment.
Some people were pajama rich, dressed down like they were going to the movies, others glammed out as though they’d just come from the Met Gala. The spectacle was real, and the lights were still on, with six or seven minutes until the show was set to begin. Apparently Jennifer Lopez was there, which certainly gave her the belt for “most famous person here.” But it made sense — she and Lin-Manuel recently made a song together, “Love Makes the World Go Around,” a tribute to those affected by Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub shooting.
And finally, it means to give oneself back to the place, as the speaker affirms in the opening lines; elsewhere Berry expresses this ecological thanatopsis as "slowly falling / into the fund of things .
The rules include the requirement that internet service providers like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon should obtain “opt-in” consent from consumers to use and share sensitive personal information such as geolocation and web browsing history, and also give customers the option to opt out from the sharing of non-sensitive information such as email addresses or service tier information.
Greetings, nephalem!Season 1 is about to draw to a close, and we wanted to give players an opportunity to prepare for the start of the new season with some dates and times to plan around.Season 1 will be ending at the following dates and times for each region:Season 2 will be starting at the following dates and times for each region:For time zone assistance, click here We look forward to seeing you in Season 2!*Please note that Era 1 will end at the same time as Season 1. For more information, please click here
Then, something amazing happened—something that rocked my world and made me a different person. It brought me closer to God than I’d ever been before and gave me a stronger faith than I’d ever had;
However, their work was to translate from the common Latin into English. While this gave us a Bible in English, it was an extra step removed from the original languages. With the fires of the Reformation burning bright, fueled by the invention of reusable metal type and fanned by the revival of learning which it sparked, a second-hand translation from the Vulgate would not suffice. As the cry of Ad Fontes rang loud, a direct translation of the original languages was the desired response. And one William Tyndale arose to bravely answer this call.
But none of them would have the impact of the two scholars who broke onto the scene in the latter half of the 1800s. If Erasmus started the journey, and if Lachmann and others broadened the small trail, we must give credit to two men who turned that trail into a blazing highway. These two men were B.F. Westcott, and F.J.A. Hort.
Typically, a translation must land somewhere imperfectly between these competing goals. The NET Bible sought a unique solution. They provide in the actual text a more functionally equivalent translation which is more readable while still seeking an elegance balanced with readability. But then in the footnotes (at important points) they provide an explanation of the interpretive, textual, and translational difficulties of the passage and give a more literal rendering of the text as well as occasionally dealing with general Bible study issues. This allows them to maintain the goal of accuracy. There are over 60,000 such notes. That’s more than any other translation ever produced; and because of the Internet format, they can continue to be updated and added to. Since these notes are provided by the translators themselves, they provide a unique way to “look over the shoulders” of the translators as they did their work, which is not available in any other English translation.
While I recommend having one “primary reading Bible,” I would suggest that one of the best habits you can form is to never study from only one translation. When you are really digging into Galatians for that Bible study, read the passage from a few different translations. Take note of where they differ. The differences you see between them will give you a good indication of where there may be a textual difficulty in the originals or where there may be several possible ways to render the original language into English. You’ll get the best understanding of the passage if you compare translations from opposite ends of the spectrum. Compare a more functionally equivalent translation with something on the more formal end of the spectrum. Most of these translations are now available free in online formats (e.g. the YouVersion Bible app).
Finally, I would recommend that you make use of a good study Bible. The additional information you will glean from the study notes will enrich your study in ways that you can’t imagine. The NIV study Bible is excellent. The ESV study Bible is one of the most helpful such tools I’ve ever seen. The NET Bible notes are unsurpassed in text-critical questions. If you desire a “TR” translation, the “King James Study Bible” from Thomas Nelson would be right up your alley. Whatever you choose to use, a good study Bible can give you a wealth of background information that you won’t get by reading only the Bible.
Also, as a way to control jump or vertical gaps between elements, spacer element is good combined with size property that gives us more fined control, as the size specifies the font-size of the space inserted.
Finally, another interesting trick is the use of negative padding values to have a better control over vertical gaps. As pointed before, left, right, top and bottom padding properties are available to use within pdf-tables’s pdf-cell elements. By way of illustration, to move a pdf-cell’s content up you would set a property padding-top to -3 value or something like that. Numbers are pixel units but it’s better just to give it a go and experiment a bit.
A spokesman for the Jewish Community Relations Council of New York, which now organizes the parade, did not respond to requests for comment. A longtime JNF official, Howard Ingram, said the group’s New York real estate committee gave Trump its Tree of Life award in the early 1980s in part to acknowledge his ability to raise money.
Benton gave statements to the press full of high-minded civics class gravitas:
Kesari [the Paul operative] flew to Omaha, Nebraska, backtracked to Senator Sorenson’s home in Iowa, required that he and Senator Sorenson show each other that neither was wearing a recording device, and then asked that Senator Sorenson either return to Kesari or alter the $25,000 check that Kesari previously gave to Senator Sorenson...which Senator Sorenson refused to do.
And yet—because libertarians have paradoxically transformed in recent years into the most sanctimonious loud-mouthed whiners in the political arena, this is one of those ugly, sleazy, low-rent corruption scandals, going all the way into the Paul family gene pool, that won’t sit well with the young, credulous males who give the libertarian cult its energy.
The City of Toronto had originally counted on collecting $100-million annually for hosting a casino, but that came crashing down after The Globe and Mail reported that would mean a special deal for Toronto. Ms. Wynne told the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. to give all municipalities the same deal, and the new funding formula would see Toronto get a little more than $53-million a year for the downtown site.
Measles belong to a cohort of childhood diseases against which one is immunized for live after coming down with them during childhood. A growing number of vaccine safety concerns prompt a steadily growing number of independent experts to question the benefit of vaccines against e.g. mumps, rubella or measles and calls for the need to give first priority to independent, ethical trials.
If you want to overturn a polite lie, directly confronting it is not advisable, since the lie was concocted with the courteous intention to avoid confrontation. The way to diplomatically counter such a lie is to build upon the provided scenario, to give the other person an option to reverse their stance without losing face. You give them a step down (一个台阶下 ) as they say in Chinese, a way to yield without embarrassment.
The positive emotional effects of pleasant fragrances also affect our perceptions of other people. In experiments, subjects exposed to pleasant fragrances tend to give higher ‘attractiveness ratings’ to people in photographs, although some recent studies have shown that these effects are only significant where there is some ambiguity in the pictures. If a person is clearly outstandingly beautiful, or extremely ugly, fragrance does not affect our judgement. But if the person is just ‘average’, a pleasant fragrance will tip the balance of our evaluation in his or her favour. So, the beautiful models used to advertise perfume probably have no need of it, but the rest of us ordinary mortals might well benefit from a spray or two of something pleasant. Beauty is in the nose of the beholder.
Unpleasant smells can also affect our perceptions and evaluations. In one study, the presence of an unpleasant odour led subjects not only to give lower ratings to photographed individuals, but also to judge paintings as less professional.
Scent-preferences are often a highly personal matter, to do with specific memories and associations. In one survey, for example, responses to the question ‘What are your favourite smells?’ included many odours generally regarded as unpleasant (such as gasoline and body perspiration), while some scents usually perceived as pleasant (such as flowers) were violently disliked by certain respondents. These preferences were explained by good and bad experiences associated with particular scents. Despite these individual peculiarities, we can make some significant generalisations about smell-preference. For example, experiments have shown that we tend to ‘like what we know’: people give higher pleasantness ratings to smells which they are able to identify correctly. There are also some fragrances which appear to be universally perceived as ‘pleasant’ – such as vanilla, an increasingly popular ingredient in perfumes which has long been a standard ‘pleasant odour’ in psychological experiments (see Vanilla).
The other major unsolved issue is multi-socket scaling. As it turns out, attempting to scale a single VM across multiple sockets is extremely inefficient with current software, resulting in tremendous drops in throughput as soon as the first thread migrates to a second socket. The current workaround is to give the VMs socket affinity and to run one VM per socket, but nobody is satisfied with this.
In J.J. Abrams’ reboot of the “Star Trek” universe, Spock is a burdened soul. As in Gene Roddenberry’s original series, he is the only child of a human mother and Vulcan father — by birth, a man of two worlds and an outcast. But Abrams and his co-writers give him a fascinating additional burden: Midway through the first movie, Spock’s home planet of Vulcan is destroyed by a Romulan villain, Nero. The enormous implosion claims the lives of the planet’s indigenous population as well as Spock’s mother. Cosmic and personal tragedies converge: not only does Spock lose his mom — his heretofore beacon of humanity — he and his Vulcan kinsmen become stateless nomads. Even at his most vulnerable, though, Spock controls his emotions, and lets logic dictate his actions, declaring his race to be an endangered species.
I believe they should engage with it — that in fact they should put it at the heart of the new franchise. It has an imaginative power comparable to the destruction of Alderaan in "Star Wars, Episode IV: A New Hope," which gave 1970s children apocalyptic nightmares, though not intentionally: "Star Wars" creator George Lucas treated the Death Star's annihilation of a world as the cause of space-nausea and never mentioned it again, much less weighed down the adopted Alderaanian Leia Organa with the psychological freight of its absence.
In contrast, Abrams and his collaborators have woven mentions of Vulcan’s death into the plot of the second film, "Star Trek Into Darkness," in ways that, however tossed-off and limited, reinforce the superiority of "Star Trek" to "Star Wars" as popular art; they could, and should, build these references out and embellish them, because they're solid enough to give the entire franchise an a narrative anchor that it thus far has lacked.
It's all quite fraught -- a powderkeg of identity politics that people would avoid at cocktail parties for fear of ruining the evening. Where would Spock, a racially “impure” Vulcan, find himself in all of this? He would probably be an assimilationist, committed to integrating Vulcan identity into the patchwork of galactic civilization, otherwise why would he have committed himself to Starfleet, or the Federation itself? This commitment would already be present given what we know about Spock's "half-breed" psychology, but the destruction of Vulcan would magnify those feelings and give his actions even greater urgency.
(After spending almost an hour trying to look up account info and diagnose what could possibly be wrong with this woman’s phone with no luck, I am about to give up and replace the phone.)
HUMAN FAMILY TREE used to be a scraggly thing. With relatively few fossils to work from, scientists' best guess was that they could all be assigned to just two lineages, one of which went extinct and the other of which ultimately gave rise to us. Discoveries made over the past few decades have revealed a far more luxuriant tree, however—one abounding with branches and twigs that eventually petered out. This newfound diversity paints a much more interesting picture of our origins but makes sorting our ancestors from the evolutionary dead ends all the more challenging, as paleoanthropologist Bernard Wood explains in the pages that follow.
The 3 second rule: players must be on the move all the time when they don’t have the ball. When your team is attacking you should never stay in the same place without the ball for more than 3 seconds. In a game of 40 minutes you play for 4 minutes with the ball and 36 without it. To find space, occupy the space left free by a teammate. The player with the ball moves closer to the defender (to be able to go past him and force him to turn around), the players without the ball move away from their defenders (to create space and passing options). Help the player who has the ball. Sometimes this means getting closer; other times you need to move away. The aim, every time, is to create a clear passing line between you and your teammates. Never lose sight of the ball nor the eyes of the teammate who has it – sometimes it doesn’t matter if you move if your teammate has not even seen you. Pass and run – like the old motto: ‘pass and move’, but with an emphasis on the urgency of your movement. Be generous with your passing. The game is won by the TEAM who scores more goals; not the player who scores more goals. Separate where you look from where you pass. Do not make obvious passes. Use the element of disguise. Futsal is a sport for “liars”. Good players make it more difficult for the opposition to read them by performing feints when they’re passing, and checking away from their markers before moving in the other direction and losing their marker. (See an example of Sean Garnier do it in his tips for futsal – see tip 2 on his list). Passes must be strong but not carelessly violent. A firm pass doesn’t give defenders any unnecessary time to intercept it, or to close the space on the player receiving it. Be careful with passes from one wing to another when playing close to your own goal, near the “D”. If they’re intercepted they’ll lead to an easy chance for the opposition.
Facing the legitimacy of those claims, the British – who controlled Kenya-, organized a referendum in the Kenyan area claimed by Somalia. 87% of the population, composed mainly of Somali ethnics, voted for the Somali unity. When the results were published, Jomo Kenyatta, a Kenyan nationalist leader, threatened the British to throw the colonists out if they gave a part of the territory up to Somalia. So Great Britain decided not to take the referendum into account, and today an important Somali community is still living in Kenya. You must understand that those colonial borders were a real disaster in the Somali case. The border issue was besides the object of an important debate among the African continent.
“I feel really good swinging,” Rosario said. “It’s something I can do, is hit. Whether they play me here or not play me every day, when I get an opportunity, the time that I do get, I play well. I give the team a chance to win.”
“This gives him some time to recover,” Weiss said.
He is referred to as a priest twice, and as Father John twice, which, in a piece about the pope, would give you the impression that he was a Catholic priest, wouldn’t it?
These are interesting statements. The remarkable thing about Stoker Bruenig’s point of view, in comparison to her mentor’s, is its lack of radicalism or orthodoxy, more akin to a social gospeler than Moses Coady. There’s practically nothing about it that wouldn’t be at home in the Democratic National Committee. There is no sense of scale or subsidiarity in Bruenig’s political thinking, as if the government that can supposedly end poverty isn’t the same one that aspired to make the world safe for democracy or established an unlimited right to abortion. This also gives short shrift to the Church itself as a force of social transformation.
The City of Boca Raton gave Jozy Altidore the hero’s welcome he deserved on Friday, July 18th at the Waterstone Resort & Marina.
The way to global peace isn’t paved with war. History has shown us that dedicating our resources toward creating war doesn’t just lead to more war; it makes war an economic necessity, imperiling us all. The only way to ensure peace in our world is to adopt a doctrine of peace; to give peace a budget, give peace a mandate, and give peace all our energy, both politically and personally — and remove from government, through the power of our will and the weight of our numbers, any individual who fails to act on it.
As he walks through the empty rooms with their views of the harbour, he says the search for a new tenant began almost a year ago, when the previous renters gave notice they would be leaving by November.
Miller said tests like M-STEP, which are administered in the spring and have results returned in the fall, don't give teachers any way to help students during the school year.
And what if Sgr A*’s shadow doesn’t look the way general relativity says it should? Well, that would be great. If the results held up, physicists could start looking for alternative theories of gravity that did predict the shadow's size and shape. Success wouldn’t mean the new theory would automatically be the successor to general relativity, of course. But it’s a good way to figure out which theories might be on the right track, so you can give their other predictions a closer look.
Peca's signing gives Crunch fans a reason to be optimistic about their forward depth, even without the likes of Vadislav Namestnikov. This is especially helpful since the Crunch's defense is still looking thin while Slater Koekkoek, Luke Witkowski and Nikita Nesterov remain with Tampa. With the AHL playoffs right around the corner for Syracuse, Peca definitely has the chance to jump in and make a difference right away.
Gestational diabetes is a type of diabetes that only occurs during a woman’s pregnancy, although data shows that it can turn into type 2 diabetes after a person gives birth. Your body needs glucose for energy, but too much glucose in the blood is not good for the baby. If you have blood sugar that is too high then you have diabetes. Gestational diabetes is typically diagnosed during the late stages of pregnancy. Continue reading…
Why he's here: The Giants gave him a monster contract last winter to fix their bullpen woes. It hasn't quite worked out that way, as Melancon has as many blown saves this season as he did in all of 2016 and has found his way to the DL twice. It's not much better than what the Giants got from their bullpen last year, only it's costing them a lot more money this time. In a year when almost nothing has gone right for the Giants, Melancon's performance still manages to stand out.
“I feel more Islamic living here because I can easily practise my faith and give respect to all other members of the community belonging to different faiths and not even belonging to a faith, to anything.
The board essentially is arguing that Trump should give up on a central campaign promise because Democrats do not like it. However, it later says that he would be much better off going for the old talking point of a “virtual wall”:
This is not only an enormous waste of taxpayer resources, but is actually becoming counterproductive with our netas seeing security as some kind of status symbol. The more we give politicians free security, the more they will start believing they are masters and the rest of us their servants.
Of the many details that were reported back to Hamburg, the fact Klopp often wore ripped jeans struck the club’s board as posing a serious question about his suitability. In the end, they gave the job to Martin Jol. For Klopp, who joined Borussia Dortmund months later, the story served as a useful reminder in driving the perception that he was a figure who belonged outside the establishment.
Speaking to those who know Klopp well, it is his capacity to motivate players that stands out as his greatest strength. He is big on the pre-match speech, on making good players give great performances. He likes the emotion of the occasion and he uses that to his own players’ benefit. He is not against taking on journalists in press conferences.
I started going to counseling when I was 25. My counselor was a pastor and respected man in his 50s. At the time I was in a deep depression and was suicidal. I had never been in counseling before so I didn’t know what the counselor/client relationship was supposed to be like. At the time, I wanted to die, and going to this counselor was the only hope that I could hold on to. I depended on him. I gave him my trust, and I told him my deepest thoughts, feelings, and fears. This brought me a sense of closeness to him. He emphasized that closeness.
Even though the “revolution” was pro-left, the 1968 Chicago riots were staged at the Democratic nominating convention. That gives you some idea of the degree of overall and virulent anti-government sentiment.
Ms. DuBois even gave specific instructions to illegal aliens to stay inside ‘don’t go out on the street’ and if there was a knock on the door, not to answer the door.
Volkhovsky was part of a community of political thinkers and writers, and an editor at the Free Russian Press, an emigré journal and publishing house started by Alexander Herzen, the “father of Russian socialism.” Edward Garnett regularly invited members of the Free Russian Press scene to spend weekends at his home. On one weekend visit, Volkhovsky, according to Constance, “suggested my learning Russian and gave me a grammar and a dictionary.”
It comes down to money for both sides It’s all about dollars for both the solar industry and NV Energy. The utility says ratepayers will be charged an additional $8 million for every percentage point the net metering cap increases. Rooftop solar customers receive a credit worth about 7 cents per kilowatt-hour for powering their homes and the grid with solar electricity. That credit is an incentive to go solar, but it’s also a means for consuming less power from NV Energy, biting into the company’s profit. The solar industry says a tariff and locked-in cap rate will kill the majority of the 6,000 jobs the industry brought to Nevada over the past five years and will limit consumer choice. Early in the legislative session, NV Energy unloaded a team of lobbyists to squelch any attempt to raise the cap. Solar followed with its own lobbying effort, congregating with a consortium of gaming and tech interests. The battle heated up after a bill draft to raise the cap to 10 percent died without a single public hearing or vote. Solar advocates met with lawmakers and the governor — whose outside advisers lobby for NV Energy — but had little success. Now, as time winds down in the session, only one solution is on the table — a punt. Republican Sen. Patricia Farley’s amendment to a building codes bill would allow the Public Utilities Commission to raise the solar cap and to impose up to three tariffs on net metering customers. The eleventh-hour measure was the only way to save the solar industry this session, Farley said. “It gave the solar industry a vehicle to start a discussion,” Farley said. The amendment cleared the Senate and is moving through the Assembly. The compromise is not ideal for companies such as SolarCity and Sunrun, which lease solar panels to customers who participate in net metering. Industry officials say proposed fees could hurt business by discouraging people from participating in a net metering program. Rooftop customers — who pay bills to both the utility and solar companies — pay about 20 percent less for solar than conventional energy, and the fees, industry leaders say, could bite into their cost savings. Adding fees and restricting the cap would be a big win for Berkshire Hathaway Energy and one of its few net metering successes nationally. Berkshire failed to impose caps in Utah and Washington. Arizona instituted a $5 to $7 net metering charge for homeowners. A fee is pending in Wisconsin. Colorado has no cap and no fees. In other words, utility companies in more than 40 states have unsuccessfully fought to eliminate net metering or impose fees.
The Legislature seems to have sided with NV Energy. On May 17, it passed a solar bill that failed to raise the cap but gave Nevada’s regulatory Public Utilities Commission the ability to levy new fees on net metering customers who come online after the cap is hit. The new fees seem intended to protect NV Energy’s income from what the company has characterized as an unfair subsidy at the expense of nonsolar ratepayers.
In exchange for building power plants, power lines, distribution networks and maintaining electrical systems, Nevada, like many states, gives public utilities an authorized rate of return. Here, that rate is about 8 percent, authorized by the Nevada Public Utilities Commission. NV Energy’s net income in 2014 was about $354 million, according to Berkshire Hathaway Energy’s SEC filings.
Giving a utility a regulated monopoly over generating and providing power is a compromise. The utility gets a guaranteed profit and in return gives access to everyone who needs it and ensures capacity for all users. It’s the commission that holds the utilities to the bargain, said Stephen Brown, director of the Center for Business and Economic Research at UNLV.
If a home or business generates more power from the sun than it uses in a month, NV Energy will buy the extra at retail power rates and give the customer a credit, the net of their power usage and power production. That means a homeowner with solar panels may be able to run his or her house largely on solar energy during the day and resell what he or she doesn’t use to the grid, seeing real reductions in energy costs.
WARNING!! —This site contains spoilers. Most pages give episode titles for all 144 episodes, indicate how good each of these episodes are, and indicate who wrote and directed each episode. The Characters Ranked page also mentions characters who do not appear until season 7 and discusses the presence or absence of major characters in seventh season episodes, and the Seasons Ranked page describes all seven seasons.
To give you a taste, Code School has an iOS programming course for beginners, with a free interactive guide to getting started with Objective-C. You can also try the free courses offered by Codecademy - they're not about Objective-C or iOS, but they can give you a general sense of what programming is like.
It's good to learn some C too; it'll give you a better foundation for learning Objective-C. You'll want to know about pointer arithmetic, the Objective-C runtime, buffer overflows, bitwise operations, the model-view-controller pattern, etc.
Among Democrats and some Republicans, the move was seen as short-sighted and horrific. Nicaragua and Syria are the only other nations not in the climate accord. The United States' allies could see a damaging signal on how serious climate change is. It gives other countries — like China — the ability to lead over the United States. And some see Bannon as he is portrayed on "Saturday Night Live": the "Grim Reaper" ruining the United States.
After the travel ban, Bannon told others he relished seeing the protests on TV. Bannon has told friends he "doesn't give a shit about" the Grim Reaper portrayal on "Saturday Night Live," in the words of one person who has spoken to him.
Keith's stamina in that opening series did get tested, though. His wife, Kelly-Rae, gave birth to their first child, son Colton, last Wednesday morning prior to the fourth game of the series. Keith had already flown back to Chicago for the birth on Tuesday and flew back to the Twin Cities, without sleeping, for the game. After playing a team-high 23:57, Keith realized he'd been awake for about 48 hours -- and didn't really care.
After filling out the A5 sized visa application form, return to the visa desk and give the attendant the completed form, your passport as well as your proof of travel insurance. He will respond by scribbling a figure in Euro on a small white piece of paper and will instruct you to pay this at the cashier’s counter located next to the visa desk. For me this figure read 145€. A cost schedule by country for the visa on arrival can be found here. It appears to be an accurate list, but I have not verified it 100% and the list is not complete. New Zealand is not on this list, however after speaking to a few Kiwis while in Iran, I can confirm that the cost is 150€ for NZ passport holders.
Long having provided off-the-ball relief, leading the NBA in scoring off of the bench, Waiters has taken on a different persona as of late, doing so against the best the NBA has to offer. Against the Miami Heat earlier this month, Waiters’ ball skills were on display as he recorded his first double-double. He would thank his teammates for hitting their shots after he found them, whether it was for an easy two or a clutch three. Two nights later, he tied a career high with 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder, being a part of a 21-2 run that rivaled the comeback attemp made against the Pacers back in early January. His driving lay-up pulled his team within five; as things began to slip away, he would drain a three-pointer to give the Cavs one final chance. Against the Houston Rockets, Waiters once again paced the Cavaliers with 26 points, adding eight more assists for good measure. One night later, on the second night of a back-to-back, he provided 22 more points as the wine and gold ended the New York Knicks’ eight-game winning streak. It would be Jarrett Jack in the spotlight, leading the team in scoring and assists (31 and 10, respectively), but it would be Waiters who not only kept double-teams away from his backcourt mate, but hit a clutch three-pointer to put his team up by four late in the fourth quarter, having entered it down by nine.
Right now. A work in progress. Sure, all signs for Waiters are currently pointing up, but just like their head coach, his veteran teammates know that with life comes with qualifiers, with praise comes the notion that things are far from over. No matter where you are, no matter how far you’ve come, the rug can be pulled out from under your feet at any time—it comes down to how quick you can adapt to the altered landscape. For Waiters, to this point, his NBA career has been stocked full of almosts and what-could-have-beens. Fortunately for him, he’s just 22 years old and has shown that he finally knows what everyone else has for the last two years— just because you want to go to your left doesn’t mean the defense is going to give it to you.
Between June 2002 and mid-2006, Sherborne said MGN journalists made nearly 10,000 calls to Orange’s voicemail platform, which allows people to access their messages by calling a general number and entering their personal details. He said senior MGN journalists gave “deliberately crafted and disingenuous statements” to the Leveson inquiry into press ethics, and accused MGN of withholding key evidence that meant that only the “very tip of the proverbial iceberg” could be revealed.
Evans, who will give evidence as a witness in the trial, was allegedly instructed not to refer to telephones or voicemails explicitly in emails. Instead, he used the euphemism “getting the muppets” to stand up a story.
Weeks later, she said: “The guy was about middle-aged. All his things right there in his yard. No lie. We got real pissed and danced. In the driveway. Oh, my God. Don’t laugh. He played us these records. Look at this record-player. The old guy gave it to us. And all these crappy records. Will you look at this shit?” She kept talking. She told everyone. There was more to it, and she was trying to get it talked out. After a time, she quit trying.
5. Updike’s reliance on seemed here and throughout his mighty oeuvre suggests his general preoccupation with the truth that lurks behind appearances, with making sure that everything be understood; and if it is this impulse that gives rise to his occasional overweening anxiety that we get the point of something, it strikes me as a fitting impulse. Very tall, he was terribly gawky as a child, with a gigantic nose, debilitating eczema, a comical stutter, and to top it all off a world-class mind. No one looking at him could have guessed what he really was. No wonder that the Rabbit books feature a man who, on the surface, is mostly unremarkable—a former high school basketball star, a printing press operator, a car salesman, a middling husband and father—and yet who has perhaps the most florid, nuanced internal life of any character ever composed. Related to this, surely, is Updike’s chronic affection for adverbs, those gravitational devices that control the flight of a verb even after it has been set loose. What other author would give us a character who “steered sullenly”? A life that is “majestically rooted”? Why else would he describe a hoard of treasure as “surreptitiously hidden”? Because of a mostly generous desire to make sure we get what he’s saying. That we get him, really, the kid with the big nose and the hideous skin, who also happens to be, as he might say, transcendently alight.
I did want to give some detail on what the definition of a party based game was since there seems to be some confusion. In specific terms you will be creating and customizing four Rangers at the start of the game and typically you would give each of them different skills to create experts in certain fields. Skills in Wasteland range from lock-picking to bomb disarming to even toaster repair. This creates the dynamic of having players taking very different approaches to exploring the world. In addition there will be three slots for non-player characters to join the party. They will be similar in most respects to a player created member except you will not have 100% control over them. They will have quirks that could range from momentary indecision with them not firing their weapons at an opportune time, to being trigger happy and wasting ammo or even stealing from your characters. This opens up a wide range of possibilities on which NPCs you decide to have join your ranks.
Winiarski had borrowed money in 1965 to buy fifteen acres of his own up on Howell Mountain, where he hoped to plant a vineyard. His first season in 1967 was a disappointment but he didn’t give up. The following year, his plans to start a vineyard of his own started to come together. So, hoping he could support his family as a freelance winemaker and consultant, he announced he was quitting the Robert Mondavi Winery, shortly before the crucial time of harvest. As Winiarski tells it, Michael was not happy about the timing of his departure. But “I didn’t come to California to be the number-two man in a two-man winery,” recalled Winiarski, referring to his relatively short stay at Souverain Cellars. “The same thing was true at Mondavi.” While Winiarski learned an extraordinary amount at both places, he bridled at working under someone else.“Everyone who is devoted to making something wants to have control of the material—finally and completely—and that couldn’t happen there because of Mike and Robert. It was their material,” meaning it was ultimately their grapes, yeast, barrels, and wine.
“I also want to give a shout out to British BJJ because man, we had some good guys there like Bradley Hill and Viking Wong – they were very unlucky. They both drew Alan ‘Finfou’ Nascimento, so yeah, the UK smashed pretty much the whole thing and it showed that BJJ is improving a lot in the UK and it’s really nice to see. I couldn’t be more happy man. I just want to fly out there, do my best and bring home some medals.”
It gave no details of possible charges, saying only that "a number of corruption crimes are being investigated".
The story would have been lost forever if it wasn’t for the thousand and more pages that have been kept by the family; letters, diaries and documents. They give an account of the attacks during Kristallnacht (The Night of Broken Glass), life under the insane regime, details of prison camps, fleeing to Shanghai, suicide, imprisonment and killing. Hers is a story of love and hatred, protection and persecution, yearning and terror during the most destructive period in European history.
Day had Bicknell draw up a contract to define the terms of the girls' indenture. Within one year, he would choose which girl he intended to marry, and the other would be given as an apprentice to a woman in a trade, along with a fee of £100 (equivalent to £13,630 in 2018). He would give a further £400 (equivalent to £54,519 in 2018) upon the girl's marriage or if she were to start her own business. He would marry his intended bride or, if he decided not to, would gift her the sum of £500 (equivalent to £68,149 in 2018). Bicknell acted as guarantor for the contract.
In an attempt to increase her resistance to pain he would drop hot sealing wax on her back and arms or stick pins in her, commanding her not to cry out. He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should tell no one. To increase her resistance to the cold, Day instructed Sidney to wade into Stowe Pool until the water reached her neck, then lie in the nearby meadow until her clothes and hair had dried in the sun. Finally, to test her resistance to luxury, he gave her a big box of handmade silk clothes and had her throw them on a fire. Day had limited success with these techniques. Sidney became able to endure hot wax dripped on her arm without flinching, but she did tell others of his secret techniques, and could not help screaming whenever he fired his gun at her.
Sidney again consulted Day on the prospective engagement. Day did not approve, claiming the age difference was too great, although Bicknell was only two years older than Day. Bicknell decided to tell Sidney the truth about the experiment, that she was hand-picked to be Day's wife from childhood, and that all of Day's actions were designed to further his goal of turning her into the ideal bride. Horrified, Sidney wrote to Day to confront him over Bicknell's statements. Day admitted the truth but refused to apologise. After a series of letters, Day gave his consent to the marriage, telling her that the letter would be his final communication with her.
“Thanks, but we will not give you Sen. Rockefeller’s tax return. Good luck on the project,” said Vincent Morris, a spokesman for Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va., whose family surname is synonymous with wealth.
I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).
This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.
Printer Friendly Brad - Thursday 05 March 2009 - 13:56:26 - Permalink I saw a few days ago that the U.S. savings rate has increased to 5%. To my mind, this is Good News: people are starting to get responsible about their finances, starting to pay down their debt, and starting to put some cash away for hard times. I figure this is exactly what's needed to get out of the credit swamp and back to a sustainable economy.Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"The "paradox of thrift" holds that what is good for every individual (thrift and saving) is bad for the economy at large....rather as if the economy were one gigantic Prisoner's Dilemma . Mainstream economists love citing this, perhaps because it sprang from the mind of the exalted J. M. Keynes.I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.So, it's time to slay the revenant Keynes. Like Karl Marx, his half-baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people's lives. It's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation. It enjoys what I call "academic celebrity" -- not "famous because it is famous", but rather "accepted because it's accepted."Alas, I don't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse. And from the rubble, I'm sure we'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian: "It's because we didn't stimulate enough!"
A complete, strategically crafted Twitter profile does far more than put a pretty face on your organization’s Twitter account—it can build trust with your audience, improve how your business appears in search results, and give your customers a direct, real-time channel to reach out to you with questions and kudos for your company. Here’s how to do it right:
Twitter Analytics gives you an overview of how your tweets are performing, who is engaging and when, influencers in your network, and metrics for individual tweets. You can track your followers’ activity over time, their interests, demographics, and (if you’re running a Twitter Ads campaign) ad performance.
Hinault: Like all of the others. We ride to win the great races. And each time we do, it’s a great satisfaction. And winning the worlds remains one of my great victories. You just always want to give your best in this race. It brings out the best in riders!
Just as people expect Ansari to be the proverbial boffin, it was assumed by some that he would leave cricket for a career in the City. “People were really supportive of my decision to retire. Mike Atherton wrote a really nice piece – as did Ali Martin in the Guardian. But there can be the assumption that because you’ve been to Cambridge you’d only give up cricket to earn a lot of money. My girlfriend and friends found that quite funny – because they know how far it is from the truth. Cricketers don’t get paid like footballers but I was earning more than my parents – and they have been academics for 40 years. So if money was a motivation I would have stayed longer in cricket.”
The pitch that the internal team gave to its higher-ups was that of a “Massively Multiplayer Online Theme Park,” which obviously appealed to Disney’s sensibilities. But the “20 MMOs in one” concept was too expensive — to the tune of $100 million — and so the team started working on an Atlantis: The Lost Empire MMO as an alternative. This project didn’t make it to launch (fortunately, considering that the movie floundered at the box office), and the team moved on to creating a town full of cartoon characters in the vein of the movie Who Framed Roger Rabbit? With about six million dollars budgeted, Toontown began production in 2000.
Farrell, who once served on the board of the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women, has come in for his share of controversy and misunderstanding over the years. Renewed interest in the forty-year-old interview he gave to Penthouse about his research on the positive side of incest (cousin-cousin, uncle-niece, aunt-nephew, brother-sister, and same-sex sibling incest are beneficial, he said, in 95 percent of the cases he looked at; mother-son incest is 70 percent positive) hasn’t helped matters; the angry protesters he attracted when he spoke at the University of Toronto in November, 2012 must have stung him too (though men’s rights activists, aka MRAs, made good use of the publicity).
I used to grind. I be telling people, you don’t grind, you don’t sell. I was like 15, 16 getting dropped off in the city by myself, with my own beat CDs. I had met Gucci [Mane] at this studio, Patchwerk. 2005 or some shit. I ain’t even know he was gonna be there. And I had gave him some beats to let him hear, and he just went in the lounge and started freestyling on all my beats and shit. Next thing you know, he saw me again: “Yo, you buddy with the beats, right? Let me buy that beat from you, man.” I got a band. [Editor’s note: A “band” as in the thing that makes her dance.]
The “We Can’t Stop” beat was so pop, I always said, “Man, this shit remind me of a mature version of ‘Party in the USA.’” And then somebody had asked me, “Why don’t you give it to Miley then?” I said, “Man, that’s a good fuckin’ question.” I ain’t run into Miley yet but she hadn’t put out music in a minute. I wondered, What she doing right now? She probably won’t even fuck wit’ me; she probably got too much politics to get to her. At the time, I ain’t know where each artist was signed. I was just doing music.
Everything that we planned on, how we wanted to roll up big, everything that we foresaw in January and February ended up being just like that. Being on the cover of Rolling Stone — damn, she a rock star! She really is one of those people that doesn’t give a fuck, but at the same time she’s real smart. Smart as a motherfucker.
This conflicts with GPL section 2(b) that states: "You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License." This means that both the executable and the source code, and any modifications made to either, must be distributed under the GPL. Although it is true that Canonical also distributes ZFS as a Filesystem in Userspace (FUSE) module, in which case the kernel and the module are considered separate entities and no license conflict exists, Canonical also distributes ZFS as a native kernel module, which gives rise to a clash of licenses with regard to the source code.
While Neidell began his YouTube series in July 2014 on topics you’d expect to find in a standard WWI curriculum—the assassination of Franz Ferdinand, early trench warfare, propaganda, the Red Baron—the show has since branched out to give a much more comprehensive look at the “Great War,” detailing everything from soldiers’ diets and salaries to what’s wrong with EA’s Battlefield 1 trailer:
Two veterinary pathologists gave their expert opinion on how the female Syrian hamster, which has not been named, met its death.
INDIA will send a strong squad to Zimbabwe for its five-match One-Day International (ODI) series against the hosts to give the series the zest coach Andrew Waller’s men have been yearning for.
Another handy 12 rounds today. We are prepared to destroy Floyd. Pick whatever size gloves you want as well little man. I fight with 4oz. I don't give a fuck about the size of the glove. I am coming sprinting at you with bricks. Know that. Brittle hands. A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Aug 2, 2017 at 4:27am PDT
Thurman: The funny thing is that I competed in Florida early in my career, and when I competed at a catch weight of 152 pounds, the commission gave my opponent the option of eight or 10-ounce gloves. So I will say that there are times where it becomes negotiable to say the least. I knew with Floyd and McGregor that a lot of people were intrigued whether it was going to be with eight-ounce or 10-ounce gloves.
Thurman: A little bit, yeah. But at the end of the day, this motherf*cker is trying to create hype to make this fight worth watching. So you see Paulie Malignaggi on the ground and you’re like, ‘oh he’s messing up this world class fighter; I can’t wait and see what happens when he fights Floyd.’ So with that going on, I’m not really going to, I mean, it’s not my thing. But man, if you don’t want them to be releasing shi*, don’t give them anything good to release.
FA Cup exits, relegation battles, European near-misses; all of these came and went and the pitch was filled with mediocrity. Except on the right flank, where an academy product could beat three or four players and smash an effort into the top corner from range. In one moment, he could inject some energy into a dour performance and give the dwindling atmosphere a buzz. He was going to be an England regular, too.
On Today, May declined to give any estimate of the scale of "health tourism" in Britain but confirmed the bill included a health levy on overseas students and other categories of short-term migrants. She gave no figure for the levy and said the Department of Health would publish detailed proposals in the next few weeks. She denied it would cost more to collect the levy than the amount it raises.
The Congressional Budget Office released its preliminary analysis of the Graham-Cassidy bill on Monday saying that millions of people with comprehensive health insurance would lose coverage under the new bill. “That number could vary widely depending on how states implemented the legislation, although the direction of the effect is clear,” said the analysis. The non-partisan scoring agency estimates that between 2017 and 2026, "the legislation would reduce the on-budget deficit by at least $133 billion and result in millions fewer people with comprehensive health insurance that covers high-cost medical events."The report is not as detailed as previous CBO scores, however.It does not give a more specific number of how many Americans would lose health care coverage under the health care law sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana nor does it include information on how Graham-Cassidy would affect the cost of premiums throughout the country.According to CBO, the reduction in the number of insured people relative to the number under current law would result from three main causes. 1. Enrollment in Medicaid would be substantially lower because of large reductions in federal funding for that program.2. Enrollment in nongroup coverage would be lower because of reductions in subsidies for it.3. Enrollment in all types of health insurance would be lower because penalties for not having insurance would be repealed.Senator Susan Collins from Maine, who reportedly said she was waiting for the report to come out before making her decision, said shortly after the analysis was posted that she was a no.Collins tweeted a full response as well saying, "This is simply not the way that we should be approaching an important and complex issue that must be handled thoughtfully and fairly for all Americans."The agency announced weeks ago that it would not have adequate time to release coverage numbers and instead would only be able to release a "preliminary" report."CBO will not be able to provide point estimates of the effects on the deficit, health insurance coverage, or premiums for at least several weeks," the agency said in a statement about the bill.The CBO score's main purpose is to ensure that the legislation meets its saving targets required under reconciliation, the process that allows Senate Republicans to pass the health care bill with 51 votes.The non-partisan agency's score is also of the first version of the bill. Changes were made to the legislation over the weekend and released Sunday night. Those tweaks include a recalculation of how much money rural states would receive under Graham Cassidy as well as a further roll back on protections for people with pre-existing conditions. The CBO's latest score does not include the changes.CNN has contributed to this report
This gets to a larger point. People like Director of National Intelligence James Clapper claim that more transparency will give the terrorists our playbook. I think you can acknowledge the existence of programs without giving away sensitive sources and methods and giving away our counterterrorism playbook.
Some of the career officials are hesitant to scale [public-to-private sharing] up because they want to use it as a chit to get access to more data. I think that's the wrong approach. Government should give this threat information to the private sector. We shouldn't adopt the mentality that the government knows better how to do this.
It begins away from the numbers and production Jackson would give this team. At 26 years old, in theory the player is still yet to enter his prime.
Which brings us to the next key point, what the Magic would have to give up to get Jackson. Any deal would likely involve Payton.
Hopes&Fears asked me to test my aesthetic quandry with a blind taste test at their offices in Brooklyn. The series of pitches I arranged for this two-set sonic demonstration/sound bath was designed to reveal the audible differences between long tones relative to 440hz and 432hz. My second objective was to reveal the physical and emotional effects of the different pitches, which could possibly give us our own answers about this debated subject of 440 versus 432. That said, an audience survey for each piece was needed and I would refrain from telling them which piece was which until after the experiment. Mike Sheffield of Hopes&Fears and I wrote up a questionnaire that would help us document potential emotional and physical reactions for each set. We asked attendees what they ate before coming, what colors they saw during the show, and other experiences (like shapes and moods) they each felt during the pieces. We focused primarily, however, on the following 11 emotions and asked audience members to document which ones, if any, they experienced during 432 and 440. The emotions were as follows:
The National Botanic Garden of Belgium is staying open late to give visitors a chance to see one of the world's largest and smelliest flowers.
The Titan Arum is also known as the "corpse flower" because of the strong stench of rotting meat it gives off.
When the plant is ready to attract pollinators, the spike heats up and gives off the smell which, while revolting to humans, is very alluring to insects. It then develops a fruit which attracts birds before ending its life.
To honor his memory, Katie Campbell is working with Paulos as well as Tim Campbell’s family to create a scholarship at UC Berkeley “to fuel innovation at Cal and give other aspiring kids a chance to create,” she said.
1) I personally don’t gave a toss about proofs that God does not exist, and many others hold a similar view. It is not our problem to worry about disproving nonsense. Instead the burden of proof rests with the believers to present some credible objective evidence … so far that has been exactly zero.
Citibank move to give consumers access to Ether is yet again another positive move and for the cryptocurrency market.
But that's not to say that the Reagan legacy is exhausted. Ronald Reagan's legacy was not simply that he was "a campaigner and orator of uncommon skill," as Don Campbell argued last week in USA Today. President Reagan's gifts to the Republican Party were ideas: growing the economy through tax cuts, limiting government's size, forcefully confronting totalitarian threats, making human rights a centerpiece of America's foreign policy, respecting unborn human life, empowering the individual with more freedom. Those ideas endure. They give Republicans a philosophical foundation on which to build. The Reagan coalition has a natural desire to stick together. Fiscal, defense and values conservatives have more in common with each other than with any major element of the Democratic Party's leadership.
Richard "Dick" Yuengling Jr. threw his support to Trump this week. He even gave Eric Trump a tour of the popular brewery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. Yuengling Jr. is a billionaire and head of the 187-year-old beer company, which his great-great grandfather founded.
Despite Trump telling a North Carolina rally on August 9 that "Second Amendment people" may be able to stop Hillary Clinton from appointing judges who would rule against gun rights, he says he actually never said that. As the Trump campaign pointed out, it was the "dishonest media" that mischaracterized his remarks about harnessing the "political power" of "Second Amendment people." "There can be no other interpretation," Trump told Fox News. "Even reporters have told me. I mean, give me a break."
Dov Weisglass, former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon’s righthand man, recently had another very candid moment. After Before the disengagement from Gaza, Weisglass gave a famous interview to Haaretz in which he was honest about the rationale behind the move: the desire to fill the diplomatic vacuum and secure Israeli control of the West Bank forever.
» QB Kellen Clemens: He's far from a "must" addition, but Clemens knows Brian Schottenheimer's system and gives the team a serviceable backup. St. Louis leaned on a run-heavy attack during his nine starts, scheming around his weaknesses, but we wouldn't be surprised to see the Rams re-up.
“We certainly need to make sure we don’t fill our atmosphere with pollutants or punch holes in the ozone layer,” Ham wrote. “But we also need to remember that our atmosphere was carefully put in place by our Creator. God knew exactly what kind of atmosphere we needed and He gave us that atmosphere.”
The proposal “evolves the contract and brings us closer together,” said David Scorey, Keolis’s general manager. “And it does give us the opportunity to share in the extra revenue that’s generated.”
Many of the new iOS 9 features are about bringing the platform into closer competition with Google and its Android OS. This is no more true than with Apple's reworked search offering. Populating your screen with contacts, apps, news feeds and nearby services, Apple wants to give you instant access to the most relevant data possible.
Can't wait till the autumn? Well Apple has decided to be kind and give you an early play. An iOS 9 public beta will be held months ahead of launch for those too impatient to wait. With iPhone and iPad owners able to register their interest now, the public beta programme will officially kick off on an as yet undetermined date later this month.
Bentley said in his statement that he no longer wanted to subject his family and staff “to the consequences that my past actions have brought upon them.” His staff gave him a standing ovation as he entered and exited the old House chamber.
It’s this rubber-meets-the-road type of pragmatism that we need when thinking through the very real challenges and opportunities of self-driving vehicles and that fender-benders give us invaluable insights into.
DC Comics has a new variant theme coming to stores in January that will have readers keeping inside the lines: Coloring Books. DC gave us the exclusive reveal at 5 of the planned variants for next year: ACTION COMICS #48, RED HOOD/ARSENAL #8, TITANS HUNT #4, FLASH #48, and SINESTRO #19.
"The unprecedented ask of the State Legislature to give the County the authority to impose an income tax will open the door to serious unintended consequences in the future. If this proposed measure is approved, the next time the County goes to the State seeking funding for infrastructure or jails, we could be turned away and told to seek the means directly from our residents," said Andrew Veis, Knabe's Assistant Press Deputy, in a statement to LAist.
That has included making a public statement about immigration after Mr Trump announced that he would suspend the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. Mr Obama’s administration developed that programme, which gave temporary deportation relief for young undocumented immigrants who came to the United States when they were young.
Still finding herself lying atop Lethbridge-Stewart's desk, she gave a lazy smile.
He gave her a kindly and debonair smile, and nodded to a pile of clothes at the foot of the desk.
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!
Batum said the day after the season ended that he wants to re-sign with the Hornets, particularly because of all the responsibility coach Steve Clifford gave him to facilitate his new team’s offense.
In Adel’s* hometown of Janoub al Malaab, a district of Hama city, piles of waste give off an odour that is nearly unbearable.
When the FSA penetrated into the city centre in July last year and clashes broke out, public services were suspended for about a week, highlighting the risks for a city of two million people. “It was horrible - there was waste everywhere,” said Modar, a local student who gave only his first name. “Now we can really picture what will happen if the FSA should one day enter the city centre.”
Yes we were unlucky some points but these games show the strength of the deck. We had some opponents stumble, and we were able to close the door on them. We had other opponents give us some good games while allowing us to make some meaningful decisions. If you’re looking for a deck that will jam out games quickly and has a reasonable win percentage, I can’t recommend Stonescar Burn enough.
As always you can give me comments/questions on Reddit, the Discord, or Twitter @jwiley129. Thanks so much for following along and I’ll see y’all next time!
During that time period, the suit alleges, Shen settled her EEO complaint in April 2013, with a reassignment to a position as a physician reviewer in the defendant's compensation and pension department. After settling the complaint, the suit claims, management continued to harass Shen and omitted her from the organizational chart, failed to assign her a direct supervisor, failed to issue her a position description, failed to issue her a functional statement for six months, and failed to give her more than two hours of work per day on average. Shen claims that this treatment culminated on June 12, 2014, when the defendant allegedly proposed to terminate her just two days after the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) stopped monitoring the defendant for compliance in connection with Shen’s discrimination complaint and settlement. The proposed termination was issued at Fierer’s urging and approval, the suit alleges. Shen claims she then filed another discrimination complaint, and that the defendant allegedly offered to mitigate the termination if Shen withdrew her complaint. Shen refused and was fired, the suit says.
Haley: So give me a little background about yourselves. You’re not native Los Angelenos—what spurred you to come here and start writing for film?
Dan: Of course, when Kevin graduated film school, he had a crisis of faith with the realization of, who the hell’s gonna give him money to make a movie? All of his film buddies’ parents would give them like, twenty grand to make student films, and our parents basically said screw that, you’ve got to do it on your own. Then I’m thinking, “How am I gonna become a famous composer if my brother can’t even get a movie off the ground?” And so we decided to write something.
Dan: That gave us the fire to say, we could probably do something like this. Kevin didn’t go to film school to be a writer, I had some writing skills but nothing professional—
Kevin: He was scared at first, he hated the idea…I just remember there was a Christmas once where we opened up the presents, and Dad was SO excited to give these gifts to us—
Dan: So we said, fine. We will give you 44 minutes of wall-to-wall, action packed awesomeness, and it’s going to kick ass, because all of our pent up frustration is going to go into it. And it was only supposed to be those 44 minutes, to launch a toy line, but it ended up going really well, and it turned into 13 episodes, which turned into 13 more episodes, and now we’re going into our fourth and fifth season. I think it’s actually the number one intellectual property for boys. [in fact, since its launch in 2011, the LEGO brand has credited Ninjago with growth of more than 25%, while capturing 7% of the global toy market. Source: http://cargocollective.com/rvhm/Lego-Ninjago]
Dan: You already know the basic advice. Don’t quit. It never gets easy. Don’t give up.
When I went vegan, I figured that cream cheese was just gonna be one of those things I lived without. I tried a couple of store brands, including Tofutti (umm, tastes like tofu to me), and Daiya (so chalky I can’t even get it down!), and Trader Joe’s Brand (I can’t remember why I hated that one, so I guess I blocked it from my memory). In short, commercial vegan cream cheese substitutes just do not do it for me. Nor did blending cashews with lemon juice. I mean, that tasted good, but it didn’t have that hip tang. I gave up for a while. Years, actually. I put hummus on my bagels and soyrizo in my jalapeno poppers. Then one day, I discovered that you can make easy cultured cashew cream cheese with nothing but nondairy yogurt and cashews. WTF? Was it seriously that easy this entire time?
Erdogan is looking to the large number of emigre Turks living in Europe, especially in Germany and the Netherlands, to help clinch victory next month in a referendum that would give the presidency sweeping new powers.
Dela Rosa gave assurance that the “third edition” of the police campaign against drugs would be “more refined,” after revisions of perceived flaws in the earlier operations.
Rep. Charlie Rangel didn't get much traction behind his plan to make women register for the draft, coupled with his perennial proposal to reinstate compulsory military service. Rangel's goal is to give all Americans a stake in the wars the country fights, but it doesn't appear that his colleagues—or the Pentagon brass—share his views.
Even love itself has not been safe from congressional interference. Rep. Matt Salmon's bill would give the axe to the Popular Romance Project, a program that studies the influence of romance on cultures throughout history. And in case any other agency was getting ideas, Salmon's bill would ban "any similar project relating to love or romance."
Carolina is set to give three rookie cornerbacks major snaps, barring an August meltdown. No. 1 receiver Kelvin Benjamin's return from his ACL injury is just as important. Second-year receiver Devin Funchess and running back Cameron Artis-Payne also want to solidify their strong training camps.
In 2006, English climber David Sharp joined Green Boots. He stopped in the now-infamous cave to rest. His body eventually froze in place, rendering him unable to move but still alive. Over 40 climbers passed by him as he sat freezing to death. His plight might have been overlooked as passers-by assumed Sharp was the already-dead Green Boots. Eventually, some heard faint moans, realized he was still alive, and, too late, attempted to give him oxygen or help him stand.
But it’s not—the issue is not that they, we—anyone—doesn’t want this president to have fast track. The issue is fast track is inappropriate for any president. Fast track lets a president unilaterally pick negotiating partners, set wide rules, not about trade, that would rewrite domestic policy, sign and enter an agreement that would require us to change all of our domestic laws to meet those rules, sign and enter into that agreement before Congress votes to approve the contents, then write implementing legislation to change all the U.S. laws, that isn’t subject to congressional review through committee. It goes directly to the floor. And the president is guaranteed in 90 days a yes-or-no vote, with no filibuster, limited debate, and no amendments. So it’s literally a form of diplomatic legislating. And actually, since 1988, only two presidents have managed to have Congress give away all that authority: Ronald Reagan in '88 and George Bush II in 2002. Every other president who's tried—Clinton in '95, ’97, ’98—Congress said no. So it's not an anti-Obama thing. It’s a no giveaway of the ability of Congress to make our laws. And that’s what fast track is. And that’s why it would enable something as outrageous as the TPP.
LORI WALLACH: So the way that that works is TPP, amongst its 29 chapters, only five of which have anything to do with trade, one of the nontrade chapters is a chapter about procurement, government procurement rules. And in that chapter, the requirement is that the U.S. government treat bids from any company in any TPP country identically to how they would treat a U.S. company’s bid. But Buy America and Buy American, two laws, the first one from 1934, requires you give a preference to a domestic company, so that when we’re spending our tax dollars, instead of offshoring our tax dollars, we’re reinvesting them in our communities to create jobs and also, by the way, to create innovation. So, like the CAFE standards, that are now normal, the fuel efficiency standards for cars, that was first a procurement condition; so the Renewable Portfolio Standards, the renewable energy standards that are now part of government procurement—that’s how you create a market using the government funds for a behavior you want the private sector to shift to.
Great policy tool, great job creator, super—except, under TPP, we’d have to give a waiver to that preference. Any company in any TPP country, so even ones that aren’t from those countries—Chinese state-owned enterprise firms in Vietnam—would have to be treated the same as a U.S. company and get all of those government contracts. And that’s also the same rule that undermines all the Buy Local preferences. So to the extent—you know, for instance, a lot of school districts have done rules that say, “Let’s buy local food from local farmers. Let’s not have a big multinational company ship our vegetables a thousand miles away when we have the ability from right here to produce and procure.” Those would also be violations. You have to treat the foreign company the same, give them the same access, as you would any domestic company. And if we don’t change our laws to meet those rules, we would face trade sanctions until we do.
Jeff replied to Italian traditions customs: A peculiar Italian problem is the stay-at-home son or what they are called in Italian "mammone" - mommy's boy. More than 80% of men between the ages of 18 and 30 still live at home with their parents, enjoying the coddling doting mamas to wash iron clean the room etc so the son is free to spend his time and his income on pleasing himself. Who would want to give that up if they didn't have to? Return to the top George replied to Italian traditions customs: As a half Italian half Aussie I can give you the honest low down on the Italians....
Sandy replied to Italian traditions customs: Did you know it's an old Italian custom to never give a knife as a gift but to always ask for some small payment? My friend's Italian grandfather asked for a quarter before "giving" him a set of beautiful cooking knives. Apparently the tradition is because if you were to give a person a knife and that person killed someone with the knife then you would feel that it is your fault.
Another one is if you give a wallet as a present you should put a penny in it, this is so that the person will always have money, if you give them an empty wallet its said that they will always be poor!
In some areas of Italy it is tradition to give money instead of presents to the bride and groom. The money is not given to them personally but displayed in a rainbow design on their bed as a wish of prosperity.
“We consider it very necessary to give this kind of information, especially to young people, in order to avoid bigger problems such as deaths and serious diseases,” Marquez added.
JAKE TAPPER: I want to give that—I want to give the person that you called a hypocrite an opportunity to respond. Do you want to identify that person?
But here’s the deal. Here’s the deal. We have—we have a serious epidemic of drugs that goes way beyond marijuana. What goes on in Colorado, as far as I’m concerned, that should be a state decision. But if you look at the problem of drugs in this—in this society today, it’s a serious problem. Rand, you know this because you’re campaigning in New Hampshire, like all of us, and you see the epidemic of heroin, the overdoses of heroin that’s taking place. People’s families are—are being torn apart. It is appropriate for the government to play a consistent role to be able to provide more treatment, more prevention. We’re the state that has the most drug courts; across every circuit in—in Florida, there are drug courts to give people a second chance. That’s the best way to do this.
And finally, the last point I’ll make is, I give credit to the moderator, Jake Tapper, I think, there, for going to Paul repeatedly. He was asked seven direct questions in this debate, I think in an effort to insert a little bit of debate. Because when you saw that horrible moment—I don’t know if we’ll look at it later—between Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina arguing about who was the worst CEO or who was the worst businessperson, I mean, it was just tragic, you know, and empty.
The very first thing you may want to do is analyze the disk space. This gives you a pretty good picture of the biggest offenders space-wise.
When you upgrade Windows to a new version, a copy of the old version is kept for a period of time. This is done to give you the option to restore the old version should you run into issues or are dissatisfied with the new version of Windows. This copy may take up more than ten Gigabyte of storage space.
[The suspended teachers] were offered severance pay of $5,500, but that is contingent on their dropping a federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission lawsuit, said Mark Schwartz, their lawyer. “This is a ridiculous offer,” he said. “I’d be surprised if they took it. Unlike the school, these two have some principles.” School representatives on Tuesday declined to give a reason for the terminations.
Just so you know, all this makes a mockery of the claims about educational “excellence.” And if you accept this, there are more pieces of freedom waiting to be chopped off, like limbs from a tree, and others ready to give similar orders.
I decided to just stick with Empire and automate everything using it's RESTful API. This would also give me the freedom to parse a module's output as I see fit and have more control over the overall logic and user feedback.
'We gave so much for this company and worked so hard.'
"In the public interest, I would have thought it would be better to negotiate with David, to give him some money and to allow him to get on with his life. As it is, he's in limbo."
One might say that Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) was for the hate politics of the far right before he was against it. One day, with a smile, Paul gives a speech calling on Republicans to be positive, inclusive and offer a happy face to voters.
Danny also wanted to get some press coverage, but knew very little about public relations best practices. “I gave myself every possibility to have good things happen because it was so unknown,” Danny says. One way he did this was to make a wish list of around 30 blogs that he wanted to feature Litographs’ story. Instead of sending a press release, he scraped text from each blog, created hand-printed litographs of their logos, and sent them out via snail mail along with a suggestion that they cover his story. Four out of five of them did, and the first was TechCrunch – leading to the largest spike in the campaign’s donors.
According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.
Though a successful crowdfunding campaign gives a project credibility, Andrei cautions, “It’s a leap of faith, and you can lose face very easily… If it fails, it can be very disappointing and can hurt your project’s reputation.” He also advises to be aware that contributors can retract their donations last minute, which happened to them early on in the campaign. Had it happened later, as they approached their deadline, those retractions could have cost them the entire pool, so it’s always best to plan for a cushion.
Third, let’s look at what Columbus actually said. The admiral wrote a letter, in Spanish, detailing his discoveries while off the Azores during his homeward voyage. He forwarded this to the royal court, then at Barcelona, shortly after his storm-driven arrival in Lisbon on March 4, 1493. The original manuscript has not survived, but a printed copy made shortly after its receipt has. In the first paragraph Columbus says "In 33 days I passed from the Canary Islands to the Indies" (en 33 días pasé de las islas de Canaria a las Indias). His first reference to the inhabitants comes in the second paragraph: "To the first [island] which I found I gave the name San Salvador . . . the Indians call it Guanahaní" (A la primera que yo hallé puse nombre San Salvador . . . los Indios la llaman Guanahaní). In all he makes six references to India or the Indies, and four to Indios. Nowhere in the letter does he use a phrase resembling una gente in Dios. He says little of the spiritual beliefs of the people–at one point he states, "These people practice no kind of idolatry; on the contrary they firmly believe that all strength and power, and in fact all good things are in heaven, and that I had come down from thence with these ships and sailors;" at another he says "they are very ready and favorably inclined" to be converted to Christianity–but that’s about it.
No. 8: Watch for moving goalposts. The Slate article reported that anti-GMO activists who present themselves as experts (at least one of whom Robinson had previously defended) gave false testimony in Hawaii. They testified that genetically engineered papayas had never been tested for safety in animals. I pointed to a study, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, in which the papayas had been fed to rats. Rather than acknowledge that the testimony was false, Robinson simply throws up another claim. She says evidence in the rat study contradicts the “belief that the GM papaya is safe.” This, too, is false: The paper (which is paywalled, sorry) reports “no genotoxicity,” “no biologically significant differences,” and “no biologically adverse effects.”
Thoughts on whiskey: Sweat gave his famous “If-by-whiskey” speech to the Mississippi legislature in 1953. Author John Grisham’s reading begins at 5:04 in the clip below.
But when the newly minted commander-in-chief said it at CIA headquarters, it began to get worrying. And something changed for good on Monday when Trump traveled to Tampa. For the first time, he stood in front of CENTCOM commander Gen. Joseph Votel and SOCOM commander Gen. Tony Thomas — perhaps the two most important generals in the U.S. military today — and their teams. On camera, Trump praised the forces for fighting secret missions every day, and pledged to give them all the equipment and support they need to turn back the spreading threat of terrorism. Then he said this: “It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.” Wink. Nod.
The U.S. military works with hundreds of reporters from global TV networks to niche magazines and bloggers doing their jobs every day. In our jobs, we interview American and foreign allied troops on their way to die and we talk to their mothers when they return home in caskets. We travel with and talk to the experienced Joint Chiefs and the newest Marines out of boot camp. We fly onto aircraft carriers and into forward operating bases, and then to bespoke-suited NATO meetings of top European defense ministers — often in the same week. Generals, admirals, and service secretaries trust us enough to take us into dangerous places where there are secrecy rules to keep us all safe. They give us briefings and speak to us, often privately, to make sure we are getting the story right or that they are at least getting their version of the story heard. Some of us have been shot at, blown up, and killed, alongside the servicemen and -women we are covering, and some are still going back into the war zones to keep reporting. They have earned the respect and admiration of troops of all ranks.
Other forms for heat flow between the two levels are expected to compensate for the reduction in radiative energy transfer (despite greater temperature differences) if the planetary energy input and heat loss are to balance. One such candidate is convection, carrying both latent and sensible heat and where the energy transfer takes place in form of heat-carrying vertical motion. Indeed, warming below and cooling aloft give rise to more unstable conditions that favours convection.
One key question: Should Angel and Alvey have been expected to know the adult entertainment code? Angel Burlesque performed a show at Kat's Pub in February, which didn't result in a citation of the venue. Alvey booked the show after seeing troupes like Rocket Doll Revue performing in venues around the city that aren't certified as adult entertainment businesses. Here's an excerpt from NUVO's 2012 cover story on burlesque that gives a sense of the scope of the local burlesque scene (with the caveat that much of the information is outdated):
BONES. That is all the passing millennia have left us of the Neanderthals and the more elusive Denisovans. Until recently, the main insights gleaned from these bones have been physical: what our cousins might have looked like, for instance, and how they moved. But cutting-edge genetic science is changing that. We can now see, for the first time, which genes are switched on in humans but were not in Neanderthals and Denisovans, and vice versa. The findings point to subtle differences between our brain structure and function, and theirs. The research, presented last week at the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution meeting in Chicago, reveals that after our ancestors split from Neanderthals and Denisovans, they evolved differences in genes connected with cognitive abilities. Many of those genes are associated with mental disorders in modern humans. Working out which genes are switched on or not involves looking at the epigenome, or the chemical “methyl” tags attached to genes. Genomes, in contrast, show only the basic sequence of genes. Liran Carmel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, and colleagues analysed the epigenomes of Neanderthals and Denisovans and compared them with those of modern humans (s ee “What’s good about decay”, top right). Altered methylation patterns are frequently associated with disease, particularly cancer and mental disorders. So Carmel’s approach has the potential to give us unprecedented insight into the
I always liked drop.io and even now with much more usage than before, it is still simple to understand. No need to sign up in order to quickly send a private link with your file(s). Maximum file upload is 100MB, but there are three different packages that will give you a whole lot more. Back to the free service; you can share, collaborate, and present music, videos, documents, audio, in a private drop, through email, web, phone, fax, and more. Additionally, you’ll be able to privately chat with the people you share a file with, in real-time.
Filedropper aims to give the most basic file hosting service that enables you to share stuff quickly. Therefore, there’s nothing complicated here, just upload the file, and share it. Simple as that. Filedropper says you can upload up to 5GB per file, which looks a bit odd to me – after all, who needs that (unless you are transferring HD videos, I guess)? Very similar to Filedropper, is FileSavr, which offers you the same package completely, with a slight change: uploads up to 10GB per file…
Overall, 2large2email has a nice and comfortable email-like interface for sharing large files. How large? 100MB in the free plan. However, if you’re looking for something good and free, 2larg2email is not your answer. The service won’t give you any additional features but password protection, and your files can be downloaded up to 7 times, will be saved for only 7 days, and will expire after that. For more features, you’ll have to pay, or move and chose another service. BTW, I’m not saying that you shouldn’t pay for premium services, but if there are other services for personal use, that offer you more for less, you may want to check them out first.
If I had to choose one service only from this list, Mediafire would be it. The service has a good looking UI, with some great usability. It lets you share files even when you’re not logged in and gives you a set of tools to complete this experience. For individual use, you can freely share files up to 100MB with unlimited uploads, unlimited downloads, unlimited bandwidth, and unlimited storage. This is why you might choose Mediafire over 2large2email, for example. When signing up, Mediafire enables you to organize your files in folders, search and view your files, and email/share/embed with others. It’s the best service that you can get for free.
Over the past two years, London producer Jack Dixon has quietly amassed a rather impressive discography, dropping releases—both solo and collaborative—on labels such as Brownswood, Silverback, ManMakeMusic, and, most recently, R&S offshoot Apollo, which just put out his You Won't Let Me EP. But even with a string of quality releases to his name, it's sometimes easy to forget Dixon amongst the ever-swelling ranks of producers turning out bass music, or whatever genre tag is being applied at the moment. Perhaps it's due to the understated nature of his productions, which offer a polished, techno-infused take on UK rhythms. Well-suited for melancholy mornings and late-night comedowns, Dixon's tunes aren't anthems, nor are they meant to be. As admirers of his songcraft, we figured that it might be best to give Dixon a chance to showcase his talents outside of the club, which is why he's been invited to deliver the latest chapter of the XLR8R podcast series. As one might expect, it's a low-key affair, albeit never a sleepy one, as Dixon tastefully weaves together an hour's worth of nuanced house and techno selections. The blends are long and the mix never comes close to losing its composure, yet Dixon's podcast still carries enough weight to edge its way into our subconscious.
Fifty-five percent of women said they would give up their career to take care of children if their partner asked them to do so. But only 28 percent would ask the same of their partner.
Austin dismissed any notion that his father would give him preferential treatment regardless of how he is playing.
He also gave the initiatives strong odds at changing at least some state policies.
(Timeline 3177)-Portsmouth Class Lance Cruiser: First deployed in 2204, the Portsmouth class Lance Cruiser is among the most advanced warships in Her Majesty's Royal Star Navy. Partical Lance Technology was developed by a Joint Japanese/British program with information give to the US per the treaty of New New York in the 2186. In the 2190s, the Royal Star Navy invested research into minaturization in hopes of allowing smaller craft to be able to make us of this new technology, the end result was the Portsmouth class, putting a partical lance weapon in a cruiser sized warship.
May, who plans to kick off the exit process by the end of March next year, has said the government will not give a running commentary on its preparations for Brexit as this would damage its negotiating position.
On Wednesday's New Day, Chris Cuomo was displaying his liberal bias over and over again during discussions of President Donald Trump's decision to end the DACA program. The CNN host's commentary ranged from accusing Trump of "feeding fear and anger," to trying to give cover to former President Barack Obama by declaring that "Obama did not invent 'Dreamers."
And they are facing deportation after they gave their information and their addresses to the federal government. And, all of a sudden now, Jeff Sessions -- who was trotted yesterday, who is has been a long-standing hobby horse of his -- is in a position to weaponize that data and go after these "Dreamers" in a way that could be incredibly ugly in six months and is sinister.
Quantum technology is already being explored in universities and companies worldwide for potential applications in communications and computation, but several UK academic projects backed by cash from the MoD are focusing on how it can be used in sensing and precision timing - both of which could lead to a “game-changing” navigation device. It could also give birth to the most precise clock ever created.
The atoms are slowed until they are moving at just a few millimetres a second. They can then be unfrozen for precise lengths of time to take exact measurements of how far they moved, therefore allowing precise calculations on how the whole device moved in that time or changes in gravitation. One problem yet to be overcome is that these two possibilities cannot be told apart – a large object to the north of the sensor would give the same reading as acceleration to the south. It is thought that maps showing high-gravitation areas will be able to solve this issue.
Society is in the throes of a running boom, experts say. And, running “crews” in particular are on the rise (FYI, you 40-somethings: “group” and “club” are not cool words anymore). Seems millennials (this includes people in their mid 20s to mid 30s), particularly those who live downtown in big cities, are taking to running like rappers to Nikes and hipsters to tight jeans. Joining “crews,” is how this younger set — who consider Trinity Bellwoods Park their backyard and prefer public to private space — have decided to take up the sport. A desired result is to get fit and healthier, of course, but they’re not just running to lose weight, says Alan Brookes, race director for the Canada Running Series, which includes the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Oct. 18. They’re running for all kinds of reasons: to escape a tiny, urban condo, connect with people and make new friends, explore the city, discover their own neighbourhoods and even make them better. “They seem committed with their values to a friendlier, more caring city,” Brookes says. “It’s about a search for community and building community and having a say in the kind of community you want.” It’s also about self improvement. Steven Artemiw, 34, co-founder of the Parkdale Roadrunners, one of the largest crews in the city, commanding up to 150 runners on their weekly Tuesday night jaunts, says he started running when he gave up drugs.
“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we’re asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We’re grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
High levels of economic inequality lead to imbalances in political power as those at the top use their economic weight to shape our politics in ways that give them more economic power. If you look at so many of the outcomes in our political process, no one can say that they reflect the interests of most Americans. Most Americans don't think speculators should be taxed at a fraction of people that work for a living; or that banks should be allowed to engage in predatory lending or abusive credit card practices; or that drug companies be allowed to get special benefits out of the government in the form of overpayments; or that mining companies should be able to get natural resources at below competitive prices.
Can you give an example?
Senior ISIS leaders, meanwhile, have already either fled Mosul or gone into hiding because of the unrelenting US effort to track and kill them from the air. The head of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, gave a triumphant public address after capturing the city in 2014. He hasn’t been seen in Mosul since.
The state did not give the gender, age, location or condition of the infected person in North Carolina.
Michael Lobo, a member of the state assembly for Goa’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, is leading the crusade against Playboy, saying he will go on hunger strike if the local government gives the adult entertainment brand a green light to open clubs in his home state.
I’ve seen a young guy drag an elderly couple (both of whom were using walking aids) to the ground, in order to jostle for a better position at the security scanners on the subway. His mistake, as I promptly grabbed him, gave him a loud and noisy bollocking (causing him to lose face) and then dragged him to the back of the throng.
“He must have been aware of the danger, but I believe he still wanted to convey his views to Pyongyang via the media,” Gomi said. “He was sweating all over his body, and seemed very uncomfortable when he responded to my questions. He was probably worried about the impact of his comments and expressions. The thought now gives me a pain in my heart.”
On February 5 Denis Lebedev asked the World Boxing Association for special permission to participate in a unification bout with his IBF counterpart Victor Ramirez. The WBA gave a green light to the fight, on condition that the winner of Lebedev-Ramirez faces the winner of Dorticos-Kalenga. The winner of that bout will in turn face the winner of Shumenov-Wright.
A thought: In all of the spy novels I read, the protagonists -- Scott Harvath, Mitch Rapp, Kirk McGarvey -- and even the antagonists -- al Qaeda -- all have a pretty good idea when satelites which might give away their positions are overhead. If novelists can think that far ahead, why can't the real CIA?
What sort of country sends a dozen uniformed officers to haul innocent sleeping children out of their beds; gives them just a few minutes to pack what belongings they can grab; pushes them into stinking caged vans; drives them for hours while refusing them the chance to go to the lavatory so that they wet themselves and locks them up sometimes for weeks or months without the prospect of release and without adequate health services?
Sir Al's findings relate to a visit almost a year ago, a year in which the government has agreed to adopt fully the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child (see previous post, UK to give up child rights opt-outs).
The stranger, Scott Leckington, bought not only a new iPod, but $30 in iTunes gift cards. He gave Lucas' mother, who was recently laid off from her job, $150. And he gave $75 in Pizza Hut gift cards so Lucas could treat his fellow lemon-squeezers to a pizza party. Leckington delivered another pizza card and an iPod case donated by Pizza Hut and Best Buy.
"When I saw the story, it was just sad to see how two teenagers would take something away from a little 9-year-old," Leckington said. "It was just wrong, and I saw it was an opportunity to give back."
Within minutes of setting up shop Friday, a man on a motorcycle came from New Tampa to hand the kids a wad of bills. Workers who came to clean the apartment pool stopped to donate $12 and a 79-year-old woman from Temple Terrace gave $30 for a hug and a drink. As Jolly and other parents and brothers stood outside to keep an eye on the kids, her phone buzzed with emails from people wanting to give money. One sent her $200 on PayPal.
"Once a man gave us a $50 bill and told us to 'keep the change,' and people are giving us money and not even wanting any lemonade," said Nylia-Jane. "We didn't even want any money, we just wanted to help Lucas to be nice, but he's being nice and giving us money."
Notre-Dame-de-la-rue has the support of the Archbishop Christian Lépine of Montreal, who has described the initiative as “a presence of the Church to give encouragement.” It also has the support of the city.
“Our mission is especially to give encouragement. Unlike the shelters, we go out to the people, a bit like a door-to-door service. We talk to them, sometimes we pray together before they go back to face the harshness of the street.”
Hayashida: Monsters sometimes appear in unexpected areas too, like the Serpent inside that one house of the Air Castle. Speaking of weird things, in the backstory the Centaur enemies are supposed to be these knights under Lashiec’s control, but when you use Telepathy on them and talk to them, they sometimes give you information. There’s a part of them that’s very “human.” Even the monsters in Phantasy Star were something unique.
Hayashida: I think the success of Phantasy Star lies in the fact that the development staff was given the freedom to make the game we wanted, without restrictions or control. I wanted to create something that the Famicom wouldn’t have been able to do, so I wanted the dungeons to be in 3D. When I think back on the story now, there were a lot of ridiculous things in it, but we were able to do it how we wanted, had fun while we were doing it, and the result was a good game. After all, if you’re having fun, you can give it your all even when things gets tough.
I think that synergy resulted in a good game. However, until the game was completed, there were a lot of unknowns. We had to give our full effort to the very, very end. RPGs have especially long developments, so by the latter half everyone is just run-down, you know? But if you relax and slack off at the very end, your game will feel sloppy regardless of all the previous work you did. In that sense, the difference between a good game and a bad game really depends on whether the staff can maintain their efforts in that final stretch. The deadlines are bearing down on you, and it’s very common for people to experience utter exhaustion at the end. There will be a difference between the image the designers had for the game, and the game you actually created, and figuring out how to adjust that gap at the very end is an important point.
There would also be questions about the game circulating around the development room, and Chieko would often answer them. So we gave her the nickname “Otegami Chie” (Letter Chie).
Anyway, speaking of characters, I wonder if any Sega fans today remember “Professor Asobin” and “Doctor Games” ? They were characters who appeared in the back of Sega game manuals, and they’d give you hints and tips…
"A lot of us that are doing this camp grew up right in this rink and it is cool to come back and give back to these kids that are hopefully going to follow in our footsteps," Larkin said following an afternoon session. "We all have moved on through the hockey ranks and all of us are playing (or have played) college hockey. I hope we're setting a good example and we're having fun with the kids. It's been a good response in both years doing it so it's a lot of fun for us."
The federal Court gave ISPs just 15 days to make sure that the sites are blocked. Other torrent-indexing websites that will be blocked as per the ruling of the Federal Court include Torrentz, TorrentHound, IsoHunt, SolarMovie.
The director of vaccination at MOH (Ministry of Health), Alejandro Garcia, says the government is “confident in the report of the World Health Organization,” which gives the go-ahead to the vaccine and assures that there is no association between the developments of illness and application of the vaccine.
According to Jackie, all of them gave the same answer, the bird had been stuck there for 2 and a half days and it was dead.
Writing a cabal file forces you to document what modules and what versions your script worked with when you were originally writing it. If you ever decide you want to run or build your script on another environment, the cabal file will make it dramatically easier to get your dependencies and get running faster. If you ever update your modules, the cabal file will partially insulate you against API changes (assuming that the package follows Hackage's PVP). This is far more palatable than GHC's package-qualified imports. You might have cringed about writing up a Makefile or ant file to build your projects in another language; as long as it is just one or two files, the pain associated with these build languages seems to outweight the cost of just running gcc foo.c -o foo . Cabal files are drop-dead easy to write. There even is a cabal init to do the scaffolding for you. Toss out the dinky shell script that you've kept to run ghc --make and use cabal configure && cabal build . It gives you nice things, for free! Do you want Haddock documentation? A traditional GNU-style Makefile? Colourised code? Cabal can do all of these things for you, with minimal effort after you have your cabal file.
Cranking up the pressure on Assad, the Obama administration gave Syria's most senior envoy in Washington, the charge d'affaires at the Syrian Embassy, 72 hours to leave the United States. Britain, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Bulgaria also expelled Syrian diplomats.
As crazy as it might sound, I think the checkoff has even contributed to the problem. Yes, it saved us from the precipice and helps to keep us from going the way of the lamb industry, but it also gave us as individuals an excuse to abdicate our responsibility to grow our industry.
We look at the aggregate numbers our industry spends and think it is significant dollars, but that’s a warped perspective. Imagine you are selling 10 bred heifers and I gave you $10 to promote them. The average fed animal grosses several thousand dollars and yet we are invested $1 per animal to promote the consumer products it produces.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
He gave no other details about his plans. But his comment immediately triggered fears that the next US president will reverse decades of policy in which the nation has, in tandem with Russia, sought to reduce its nuclear arsenal.
'It's a typical yellow journalism tactic to defame someone who won't give you an interview -- then to offer them a 'right of reply'.'
Well, what happened to baby Earle? Well, both parents’ bodies gave out before he turned three, and he was sent to live with his grandmother (where was she with the shit everywhere and the newspaper on the windows what the hell), and they lived happily ever–
Those freed, some in wheelchairs, others leaning on walking sticks, looked tired and distraught as they waited to give blood samples.
"One of the punishments of misleading investors about your company, for example, one of the punishments is that you might not be able to issue certain kinds of stock in the future. You might not be able to run mutual funds in the future. You might be exposed to a lot of class-action lawsuits," Story said. "What this analysis in the Times found is that there are over 300 instances since 2003 where the SEC agreed to give the banks an exemption from some of these punishments that are normal."
Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)
‘And it was interesting to see when Warrick Gelant came on, that the wingers Jamba Ulengo and Travis Ismaiel were far more prominent for the Bulls than prior to that. My feeling is that Jesse Kriel doesn’t get the best out of the wingers. To give Kriel credit, they didn’t have much possession. But even so Jesse and the two big centres that the Bulls utilise are not creative enough to create space for the outside backs. I thought they looked really good in the last 15 minutes with Gelant on the field, but it was too little too late.’
First invented in 1968, cubicles are a standard feature in offices everywhere. They were designed as an alternative to the wide-open office and meant to offer employees some semblance of privacy. They also give employers an easy, inexpensive way to maximize limited office space. But cubicles can be a raw deal for cube-dwellers, like my friend Whitney.
When my co-founder and I started Aha! we wanted to give employees this same freedom. The freedom to work from anywhere in the U.S. and be happy.
Jr. Hebert & the Maurice Playboys, 5/4, FDD, 11:15a: Accordionist Jr. Hebert has won Accordionist of the Year, Male Vocalist of the Year, Best First CD, Best Traditional CD of the Year and Band of the Year at the Annual Le Cajun Music Awards in Opelousas, Louisiana. Although his dad gave him his first accordion when he was in his late 20s he didn’t start playing it until he was in his mid-40s.
Michael Skinkus & Moyuba, 4/28, LAG, 11:30a: Percussionist Michael Skinkus explains that “Moyuba means to give thanks or praise.” The band will play music inspired by the Santeria ceremonies of Cuba. See feature in this issue.
The New Orleans Hip Hop Experience ft. Sqad Up, Denisia, Roca B and T – Ray The Violinist and Dreams 2 Reality, 4/30, CON, 12:30p: An assortment of New Orleans hip-hop artists come together to give outsiders a taste of what the city has to offer.
Shizuoka prefecture provides the wasabi. Okinawa gives up its purple potatoes and matcha green tea. Other unlikely flavors are sakura (cherry blossom) and sake (non-alcoholic).
Docker became very popular in the last few years for being such a flexible tool to isolate processes in so called containers. If you haven't played with it yet, I highly recommend you to watch my free course on Docker Security. But if you have, I'd like to give you a insight that provide significant value for automating honeypots or malware sandboxes. I'm talking about 'docker diff' and how to dynamically spot changes on it.
Having conversations about history, politics, sectarian identity and, really anything, to do with current events can lead to many security complications for a curious wanderer in Asad-ruled Syria. I was hesitant but the old fellow wanted to get a lot off his chest. I also felt somewhat safe since he seemed to believe that President Hafez al-Asad, who had died seven years prior to our encounter, was still alive and well. This old man would be an unlikely informant for the secret police, I thought. His most memorable line was “those who hated your grandfather are unlikely to be kind to you. I am an Alawite and I spit on anyone who has the slightest problem with that.” His gripe with the Sunnis extended from what he had seen during their uprising in the early 1980s, when “they killed the flower of the Alawite community” to hundreds of years back when they hounded his ancestors out of the cities and plains of Syria into their mountain redoubts. He also drew a line from the past into the future: “If they come at us again, President Hafez will smash them again. And in the worst case scenario, if we lose the rest of Syria, then we will fight them on this mountain, and go our separate ways, as we did before.” This was said to me in the summer of 2007. The stirrings of the Syrian civil war were still five years away. The old man was short on short-term memory, but history gave him the long view into the past, and into the future. A view that was at once cautionary about what to expect, and instructive as to what should be done.
The founding father of the particular strain of jihadism that gave us the Islamic State did not have to try very hard to stoke the fires of sectarianism in Iraq, for example. When the world watched Iraqis cheering on American soldiers pulling down Saddam’s statue off its pedestal in downtown Baghdad, Abu Musaab al-Zarqawi saw opportunity. He would frame his war as a fight against the Shias, who were now acting as the enablers of the Americans, a foreign non-Muslim army that had just occupied a gloried Sunni and caliphal capital, one that was specifically established to manage the sprawling Islamic empire. Zarqawi would employ sectarianism as the fast burning fuel necessary for mobilizing support for an even more ambitious enterprise, resurrecting the Islamic State. He was aided in doing so by a hate-speech campaign against the Shia that had primed his target audience to receive what he was about to advocate: the “total annihilation” of the Shia. Sectarian hate speech has been around for centuries, but it was mass propagated two decades prior to the Iraq War on the occasion of the Islamic Revolution in Iran, led by the Shia cleric Ayatollah Ruhullah Khomeini in 1979. Those threatened by Khomeini’s revolutionary appeal, such as Saddam Hussein or the Saudis, felt compelled at the time to inoculate their populations against faith-inspired revolution by suggesting that Shi’ism itself was a grand conspiracy against Islam. Lots of money was marshalled by Iran’s enemies to saturate the airwaves, fill out library shelves, and lend wide currency to Shia perfidy. The result was that in many parts of the Sunni Arab Middle East, one would find many nodding heads, in 2003, when reminded that Shi’ism was ‘invented’ by a devious Jew-turned-Muslim called Ibn Saba in the early days following Muhammad’s death. European anti-Semitism (once re-propagated during the heyday of Arab Nationalism in the 1950s and 1960s) fused with the Islamic historical record to brand the Shias as the ‘internal Jews’. In the late nineties, one could find a book—an Arabic language forgery based thematically on an earlier Russian forgery—with the curious title of ‘The Protocols of the Elders of Qum’, on display in Amman and Cairo, purporting to be the secret plans of the Shia to take-over the region, a plan hatched in the religious seminaries of the Iranian city of Qum.
When I first saw that picture I thought that they had gone too far. That this picture would surely damn Maliki’s new line in mainstream Shia public opinion, one that could not possibly advocate wide revenge or strong-arm tactics against Sunnis. I was wrong. A large segment of Iraqi Shias thirsted for revenge following the excesses of Zarqawi and his heirs, even after the Sunni insurgency was soundly defeated in 2008-9. They wanted Sunnis humiliated. A year afterwards, Maliki’s political machine was commissioning songs that play up the ‘Mukhtar of our age’ appellation. The slogan was successfully put to use in the 2014 election cycle, the outcome of which gave Maliki a plurality of the vote. But it also gave us the ISIS comeback in Falluja in January 2014 (before the vote), and the fall of Mosul (after the vote). Shia chauvinism had also mobilized Shias from Iran, Iraq, Lebanon and even Afghanistan to rally behind the pseudo-Shia Alawite regime of Bashar al-Asad in Syria to face off against the Syrian Sunnis challenging him. Sectarianism breathed new life in the jihadist cause there, riding a desire for Sunni restitution and revenge in Damascus. Seen through the prism of history, it all made sense to the target audiences: war was inevitable; the enemies of the past were standing in the way of the future.
<blockquote>“On October 14th, CNN accepted Donna Brazile’s resignation as a CNN contributor. [Her deal had previously been suspended in July when she became the interim head of the DNC.] CNN never gave Brazile access to any questions, prep material, attendee list, background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate. We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor.”</blockquote>
The Clinton Campaign began filling the ranks with their own loyalists, to which gave her an unfair advantage against any and all opposition for the Presidential Nomination during the primaries.
People like Donna Brazile, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the DNC, and every media outlet which worshipped Barack Hussein Obama helped cheat and lie to give Hillary Clinton an overwhelming advantage over Crazy Bernie.
If for example one million people gave $2,700 it would equal $2,700,000,000.
The question, of course, will be what type of deal Cabrera can command this winter — a topic which MLBTR’s Charlie Wilmoth examined in depth in a recent Free Agent Stock Watch post. Cabrera recently told reporters that he hopes to remain in Toronto, stating that he loves the city of Toronto and suggesting that he feels indebted to a team that gave him a chance when his value was at its lowest point. I’d think a four-year deal is attainable for Cabrera on the open market, particularly after Jhonny Peralta managed to secure such a contract on the heels of a much more recent PED suspension last winter.
“Music lovers need no longer be shortchanged; finally we can all hear exactly what the musicians recorded,” he explains.“MQA gives a clear, accurate and authentic path from the recording studio all the way to any listening environment—at home, in the car or on the go. And we didn’t sacrifice convenience.”
We begin the experiment by asking MOE for 2 new parameter values to sample, in addition to our current status quo value of 0.2. We will set our objective function for MOE to optimize to be the relative gain over the status quo CTR. We note that this gives our status quo parameter a value of 0, and any parameter that has a higher CTR than the status quo will have a positive value, while any parameter that has a lower CTR will have a negative value.
Nathan Kearns grades all six of the Rams' free agency signings/re-signings since the beginning of the new league year on March 11. He gives the Rams a B+ grade overall. In addition to the key re-signing of Rodger Saffold, the Rams have added quality depth, while remaining fiscally responsible.
But the margin expansion and cost savings played out in spades: from that $1 billion in extra annual revenue sprang added gross profits, added operating profits, and added net income of $ 4 billion each, give or take (mostly give). : from that $1 billion in extra annual revenue sprang added gross profits, added operating profits, and added net income of $ 4 billion each, give or take (mostly give).
Speaking at the Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Writing Festival in Harrogate on Friday night (18th July), in conversation with Val McDermid, the author drew applause from the audience when she confirmed there was an "open-ended" series planned. "I love writing these books. One of the things I love about this genre is that - unlike Harry [the Harry Potter series] where there is an overarching story, here you are talking about discrete stories. So as long as your detective lives you can give him cases."
60 crystallises with some solvents in the lattice ("solvates"). For example, crystallization of C 60 in benzene solution yields triclinic crystals with the formula C 60 ·4C 6 H 6 . Like other solvates, this one readily releases benzene to give the usual fcc C 60 . Millimeter-sized crystals of C 60 and C
C 60 exhibits a small degree of aromatic character, but it still reflects localized double and single C–C bond characters. Therefore, C 60 can undergo addition with hydrogen to give polyhydrofullerenes. C 60 also undergoes Birch reduction. For example, C 60 reacts with lithium in liquid ammonia, followed by tert-butanol to give a mixture of polyhydrofullerenes such as C 60 H 18 , C 60 H 32 , C 60 H 36 , with C 60 H 32 being the dominating product. This mixture of polyhydrofullerenes can be re-oxidized by 2,3-dichloro-5,6-dicyano-1,4-benzoquinone to give C 60 again.
Selective hydrogenation method exists. Reaction of C 60 with 9,9′,10,10′-dihydroanthracene under the same conditions, depending on the time of reaction, gives C 60 H 32 and C 60 H 18 respectively and selectively.[40]
Solutions of C 60 can be oxygenated to the epoxide C 60 O. Ozonation of C 60 in 1,2-xylene at 257K gives an intermediate ozonide C 60 O 3 , which can be decomposed into 2 forms of C 60 O. Decomposition of C 60 O 3 at 296 K gives the epoxide, but photolysis gives a product in which the O atom bridges a 5,6-edige.[40]
The Diels–Alder reaction is commonly employed to functionalize C 60 . Reaction of C 60 with appropriate substituted diene gives the corresponding adduct.
The first cyclopropanation was carried out by treating the β-bromomalonate with C 60 in the presence of a base. Cyclopropanation also occur readily with diazomethanes. For example, diphenyldiazomethane reacts readily with C 60 to give the compound C 61 Ph 2 .[40] Phenyl-C 61 -butyric acid methyl ester derivative prepared through cyclopropanation has been studied for use in organic solar cells.
Metal atoms or certain small molecules such as H 2 and noble gas can be encapsulated inside the C 60 cage. These endohedral fullerenes are usually synthesized by doping in the metal atoms in an arc reactor or by laser evaporation. These methods gives low yields of endohedral fullerenes, and a better method involves the opening of the cage, packing in the atoms or molecules, and closing the opening using certain organic reactions. This method, however, is still immature and only a few species have been synthesized this way.[43]
Fortunately for women in our modern times, publications old and new now offer “Lazy Girl” guides to shape them into some level of fitness for society. And I mean fitness in more than just the natural-selection sense: Lazy Girl guides can give her a great butt. They can style her clothes so she does not scare others, banish her cystic pizza face, make her lose weight, help her with her morning makeup, feed her a healthy meal, repair her tattered rags, tame her rat’s nest of a haircut, fix her repulsive cuticles, contour her shapeless blob of a face, learn her manners, teach her to keep house. The lazy girl is Eliza Doolittle, and the internet is her Henry Higgins.
These Lazy Girl guides admittedly offer much the same set of lessons women’s publications have been peddling for decades, and they generally follow long-established formulas: Assemble some obvious facts, add a couple genuinely insightful tidbits, lay it all out in an attractive way. The Lazy Girl label gives it an insidious new twist — it purports to offer a way around the rules, but still keeps those rules firmly in place, all with the impossible sheen of effortlessness.
As the Hairpin’s 2014 analysis of snackwave showed, even a simple act of apparently carefree cool online can become a kind of performance: One does not simply eat a piece of pizza on the internet; eating a piece of pizza is a defiant action, a rejection of health-food culture. And yet this kind of rebellion perpetuates more norms than it resists — the piece’s authors note that snackwave’s accepted poster-women tend to be thin, pretty, and often white. The whole thing smacks of the “cool girl,” to use Gillian Flynn’s description of conspicuous, attractive female chillness. The allure of the effortless reigns supreme online, where it’s easy to chase each other around in circles about who’s faking and who actually doesn’t give a fuck (see the debate around the You Did Not Eat That Instagram account) and to applaud the occasional admission of a constructed identity. The only real conclusion that falls out of all this mess is that, still, effort is never cool.
Additional adjustments or modification may be needed to ensure a good chainline. The chain should run straight from the chainring to the sprocket, therefore both must be the same distance away from the bicycle's centerline. Matched groupsets of track components are normally designed to give a chainline of 42 mm, but conversions using road or mountain bike cranksets often use more chainline. Some hubs, such as White Industries' ENO, or the British Goldtec track hub, are better suited to this task as they have a chainline greater than standard. Failure to achieve good chainline, at best, leads to a noisy chain and increased wear, and at worst can throw the chain off the sprocket. This can result in rear wheel lockup and a wrecked frame if the chain falls between the rear sprocket and the spokes. Chainline can be adjusted in a number of ways, which may be used in combination with each other:
Choosing a bottom bracket with two lockrings, which gives fine adjustment of chainring position
Obama’s approval rating for handling the economy also has improved over the past several months. Currently, 43% approve of his handling of the economy, while 53% disapprove. In November, 35% gave him positive marks on the economy and 58% disapproved.
The Fort Worth suburb's governing body voted 3-0 on Friday to let Browser stay, following backlash from their 2-1 decision in June to give the tabby 30 days to find a new home.
I wish that I could convincingly rebut his claims. While there is room for argument—for example, with his analysis of fiscal policy (which gives too little weight to the substantial reduction in debt carrying costs) or his confidence that inequality will continue to rise—his broad point seems likely valid.
“I don’t mind having to prove myself,” he says. “I’ve always had to do that. I’m used to it. Once people come to expect something, they expect it all the time. I understand that. Sometimes I laugh at the doubts. Sometimes I use them as fuel. And sometimes it pisses me off. God gave me the gifts for this. I’m special.”
The fatwa, and the decade lived under police protection at a series of secret locations, inevitably left their mark on Rushdie and his fiction. Seldom has a writer's creative energy had to withstand such a withering shock. Aside from the pressure of living under a death sentence, Rushdie also had to contend with being cut off from the subcontinent, the teeming reality that gave such vivid purpose to his imagination.
"Our lives teach us who were are," Rushdie once wrote. Of the many lessons that his life story might provide, it's the most important one that the Indian authorities have chosen not to learn: give in to gangsters and they always come back for more.
The general sense among the locals is that even if the judge gives the accused jail time, it won’t be more than three or four years, and that it is all worth the money they made in less than two years. The wealth of the alleged leader of this network is now estimated to be around $2 million. “Even the women in the village cherished the smuggling business, as they saved the money to prepare a richer dowry for their girls. And let’s be frank. Although money is sweet, these extremists find comfort among the Sunni population here. So when people cooperate with smugglers, they don’t consider them to be a threat to their own security or to the nation.”
They made good on their threat and made the trip to Taylor. We had a great time and I even gave them the grand tour of our recently reopened Reglue facility. As much of a mess as it is, they wanted to see “where it all happened.”
This is an impeccably-researched collection of essays by the historians and political scientists Brian Raftopoulos, Alois Mlambo, Gerald Mazarire, Sabelo Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Joseph Mutisi, Munyaradzi Nyakudya, Teresa Barnes and James Muzondidya. It chronicles the history of Zimbabwe from pre-colonial times to the unity sharing government of 2009. Rich in insights and incisive in its analysis, Becoming Zimbabwe is animated by the influence of the Zimbabweanist historian Terence Ranger, who died last year. He inspired this generation of historians to give both dignity and academic rigour to a history that both the Rhodesia and Zimbabwe regimes have, at one time or another, sought to distort for political reasons.
This warm and funny memoir is a love letter to a country in the grip of madness. Lyn and Ros Rogers are the owners of Drifters, a farm they bought after Zimbabwe’s independence in 1980. Their son Douglas tells the story of how they and their motley staff seek to coexist with the Comrades who try to take over their farm while the economy crashes and spins out of control around them. This book gives the reader an understanding of why there will never be an Arab spring in Zimbabwe – we Zimbos are resilient to the nth degree. We don’t revolt, we “make a plan”. In my favourite passage in the book, a most unlikely character turns out to be the biggest pothead on Zimbabwean soil since Bob Marley and the Wailers played the independence concert. Magic.
Multiple Pentagon sources have said the panel reviewing the tattoo policy recommended no major changes, and the forthcoming message will only clarify and reconcile any inconsistencies. But Green said nothing was certain until the commandant gave final approval.
I can't say exactly what areas [it affects] because once we get it all in a box, we've got to give it back to him again."Green promised, however, that the wording on the final policy would be clear enough for any Marine to understand.
Matthias Mueller, who took the helm last month after Europe’s biggest automaker admitted to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests, said the German company needed to give more power to its brands and regional operations while working to get to the bottom of the biggest business scandal in its history.
And just as our presidential model gives more weight to surveys conducted by pollsters who have a good track record, I turned the 25-year accuracy rate for each of these award shows into scores, prioritizing awards by organizations whose voting members aligned with the members of the Academy (actors and directors, for instance) :
Also seeing some love at HSX is “American Sniper,” which was excluded from basically every other award show. Upsets do happen with some regularity, and given the film’s recent box office success, it may be a dark horse in the race. But personally, I’m going with “Birdman.” I wouldn’t be shocked if the actors, writers and producers of the Academy find it in themselves to give the Oscar to a film about an actor-writer-producer putting on a play.
J.K. Simmons — who dominated in “Whiplash,” my personal favorite best picture nominee — also nearly pulled off a sweep, but the National Board of Review gave Edward Norton its best supporting actor award. Not quite my tempo.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Brown was one of about 5,000 Massachusetts youths who got a job through the program this year. An aspiring architect who hopes to go to Virginia Tech when he graduates from high school next year, he said he’d been looking for a job since the day he turned 17 without success. Now that he has a job, he plans to keep working during the school year in part because his mother will give up her low-wage job to return to school in the fall. Besides the income, Brown said the job has helped him learn to communicate with adults and manage his emotions, even when he thinks he’s being criticized unfairly. It’s helped his organizational skills, too, he said.
IM#2’s duo lane hid to the top bush with PLL to ambush Acorn as he came into lane, forcing out his flash when he went to check the bush. PLL then teleported bottom to make 2v1 lanes with IM#2 in top lane. Spirit took both his buffs then moved top to support Acorn in lane while Reign over stole his jungle then ganked mid to give Kuro first blood at 4 minutes. Blue engaged top, trading Acorn for Ondal 1/1. Blue engaged top once again at 6 minutes, taking a 2/1 trade while their duo lane killed PLL bottom. Spirit roamed down and took the first dragon with Blues duo lane. At 10 minutes IM#2 took top turret while Spirit ganked bottom, scoring another kill on PLL and taking bottom turret for Blue.
IM#2 started by giving blue to Kuro while Reign over took red. They then invaded Blue’s blue jungle with 4 members and took first blood on Acorn. IM#2 then moved their duo lane to top to make 2v1 lanes. Deft remained bottom to solo lane against PLL while Heart roamed mid with Spirit. Together with PawN they killed Kuro and gave blue buff to PawN. Reign over ganked bottom twice, the 2nd time resulting in a 1/1 trade. At 6 minutes Spirit ganked mid again and gave another kill to PawN. Acorn roamed at level 6 and ganked mid, taking Kuro very low. When Kuro didn’t back, Blue used the advantage to take the first dragon at 9 minutes.
With the new patch come in some crazy pick/ban numbers for a few champions who were unpicked until this week. Sivir came out the strongest with 100% pick ban and 100% win ratio (although she was only let through for a single game). This comes as no surprise as her update makes her extremely slippery and gives her insane waveclear, perfect for the Korean split push meta.
Tying for 3rd of the newcomers are Taric, Mundo, and Evelyn all at 70% pick/ban. Among these priority picks, Mundo was the surprising champion with a 75% win ratio over 4 games. Next was Taric with a 50% win ratio across 6 games. Finally Evelynn made it through only 2 games and came out with a 50% win ratio. Taric saw a huge buff with 3.14 which gives him great scaling and the ability to absolutlely destroy a lane opponent by shredding their armor and letting his marksman melt them. The vision changes have made an Evelynn an absolute terror. Mundo was a surprise hit and a huge success. Although there were no direct changes to him, the new defensive masteries have made him nearly unkillable and make him a real pain at all stages of the game.
“However, for many years, the Yankees have supported a scholarship program that recognizes students selected by the parade organizers. To best protect the interests of those students, and avoid any undue harm to them, the Yankees will continue to provide financial support for the scholarships, and will give to the students directly.”
Robinson declined to comment on the speech that he gave to the players, but it was smart for the Panthers to take advantage of the fact that they have a compelling in-house reminder of the pitfalls that can arise during Super Bowl week.
There’s been quite a bit of discussion about weapon enchants, and which ones are the best for tanks. There are some enchants that are obviously intended to be tanking choices: River’s Song gives us dodge rating, while Colossus gives us absorption bubbles. And Dancing Steel gives a nice chunk of strength, which is almost a 1:1 conversion to parry rating after raid buffs. Given our new-found affinity for haste and mastery, a lot of people have thought favorably of Windsong, which in previous expansions would have been a pure DPS option.
where $P$ is the proc rate (i.e. “2 rPPM”), $H$ is your haste modifier (which is the higher of your melee and spell haste; in practice this will always be our spell haste thanks to Seal of Insight and the 5% spell haste raid buff), and $T$ is the time since the last eligible proc source (in this case, the last time you dealt damage, healed someone, or missed/dodged/parried). It’s relatively simple to show that for one of these enchants, this gives an uptime of approximately:
I say “approximately” because technically a proc-based effect with $x$ rPPM won’t give you exactly $xHD$ seconds of uptime per minute. The reason is that you can get “unlucky” and have overlapping procs that refresh the buff, reducing the overall uptime. Hamlet has already described how to do this, so I won’t go into it here. This will reduce the effectiveness of Windsong, Dancing Steel, and River’s Song. The table below gives the time-averaged uptime of each of the enchants we’re interested in with and without this correction, assuming 10% spell haste:
I had been saying that Dancing Steel was going to be better than River’s Song, but now I’m not so sure. Without the stacking mechanic the uptimes would be similar, which would give Dancing Steel the edge. But the stacking mechanic changes things – since it’s harder to waste a River’s Song proc we get considerably higher average uptime out of it. Dancing Steel still has some advantages – the ~587 average strength it provides gives you parry (which in some gear sets may be diminished less than dodge), plus some DPS, plus some SoI healing. But I’m not certain that it’s strictly superior to River’s Song (which gives ~847 dodge rating) anymore, even for raw avoidance.
So haste is about 0.1722/0.4380=39.3% as good as mastery for TDR. Having 205 haste and 205 mastery is roughly equivalent to having 286 mastery. To put that in terms of damage reduction, let’s use a simplistic model: the damage reduction is approximately equal to (SotR uptime)*rating/600, such that at 100% SotR uptime 600 rating gives 1% damage reduction. In practice, SotR uptime is generally only about 40-50%. If we take the generous assumption of 50% SotR uptime, that 286 rating is only 0.238% reduced damage taken. However, this is absolute damage taken, not relative damage taken. To get relative damage reduction, we’d need to divide by the amount we actually take (i.e. if we only take 70% of the damage that’s coming at us, it’s 0.00238/0.3=0.0079, or ~0.8% relative damage reduction).
Now, you might argue that we’re not gearing for hit/exp/haste/mastery for the purposes of TDR, and you’d be right about that. We’re gearing for them because it gives us greater control over our survivability. But I think that’s makes for an even weaker argument for Windsong. Which gives you more reliable damage mitigation (or phrased another way, better smoothing): an 8k absorb every 10-12 seconds, or an uncontrollable proc that may or may not be up when you need it, and has a chance of giving you back-to-back crit procs that don’t help you?
Despite some early enthusiasm for Windsong, I think we can conclusively say that it isn’t as attractive as many thought it would be. In fact, despite the fact that we like haste and mastery, I think River’s Song is a stronger enchant. Remember that after hit/exp cap, avoidance is almost as good as haste and mastery, and River’s Song’s superior uptime gives you a lot more avoidance than Windsong gives haste and mastery.
You might have noticed a little trend in these articles, namely that after Batman: The Animated Series ended I was immediately skeptical of any other Batman cartoon. Well, I was the same for Brave and the Bold. Look, I was younger and not as wise as I am now at the grand old age of 26. Realize that for Brave and the Bold, the first news-pieces I saw for it described it in the vein of Schumacher’s Batman movies … that was not the best parallel to give me.
Similarly to The Batman, Brave and the Bold‘s Batman is like the rice in fried rice … it’s the main aspect of the dish and is certainly a good part of the dish but the different ingredients accompanying it are what stand out. You can certainly eat the white rice on its own, but the extra stuff gives it flavor. While the villains aren’t bad (depending on the episode), for me it’s really the sidekicks and superhero team-ups that make this show unique and fun. It was a clever move by DC — Batman is easily one of the most recognizable and popular superheroes, so bringing in the audience with this recognizable character and then introducing these various lesser known characters is smart.
Devil Nikaido has asked Kaiman to give her Store’s Kitchen Knife, but he doesn’t want to hand it over.
Devil Nikaido: When I used time magic in the Central Department Store, I met my past self inside the Black House… I gave my past self Store’s Kitchen Knife and returned to my own time. Then, according to Kaiman, the past self who I gave the knife to suddenly vanished.
Devil Nikaido: At that point the past me thought she’d have to fight Haru, but I gave her Store’s Kitchen Knife. I gave it to her to influence her behavior, to change the future… The 9 o’clock self who used the magic returned to 9 o’clock…
Devil Nikaido: There is no doubt that my devil self which came from the future exists. My future self gave my current self some advice…
Ecto.Rut gives you simple wrapper methods that let you directly call CRUD methods from your Module, like `Post.all`.
His atom smasher was his most spectacular project. “This monstrous gadget will give us new windows on the nucleus, a new set of probes,” he said in an interview with The New York Times.
Accordingly, the baggage carried by Steven Mnuchin, President Trump's nominee for Secretary of the Treasury, gives me great pause. The abuses by the IndyMac-cum-OneWest financial institution under his leadership are well-documented.
At a Connecticut General Assembly hearing, Ms. Frances Kenneally gave an account of IndyMac/OneWest's abusive tactics in the mortgage mediation process, including being told conflicting stories by IndyMac and OneWest as to the status of her mortgage.
In the Drayton case, a Kings County (Brooklyn), New York foreclosure action, Justice Arthur Schack dismissed the case, but gave OneWest Bank leave to renew, provided that, within 60 days,
On June 25, Cole reported the star wide receiver has "significant financial issues," which gives the team leverage as Bryant continues to hold out:
Playing under a fully guaranteed deal for one season does hamper the Cowboys' salary cap in 2015 but also gives them more flexibility over the next few years without having a huge cap number for a wide receiver on the books.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated Putin gave the press conference in Bucharest instead of Budapest.
Italian prosecutors say that the scientists gave inaccurate and incomplete information about whether smaller tremors before the April 2009 quake should have been grounds for an official warning.
Afterward, members of the commission gave reassuring interviews to local media stressing the impossibility of predicting quakes and that even six months worth of low-magnitude temblors was not unusual in the highly seismic region and didn't mean a big one was coming.
The former US president Bill Clinton gave Robinson his award, and Anne Hathaway (who featured in the adaptation of her short story Brokeback Mountain) gave a passionate introduction to Proulx, saying her work helped her to “welcome the tenderness of loss” and the “beauty and value of loss, which is to say life itself”.
MIKE BURKE: Amy, that was Catherine Yeager. I spoke to her in the Rockaways on Friday outside Veggie Island, which had been transformed into this really impressive relief hub. While we were there, there were several cars that came by. They were able to ask for specific items, and then volunteers would search the building. In one case, someone asked for baby food, which is something that FEMA and the National Guard did not have down the street. And they had a box of baby food. They were able to run it out to the car and give it to them, and they drove off with the baby food. It’s interesting. There was an article in Slate yesterday titled “Is Occupy Wall Street Outperforming the Red Cross in Hurricane Relief?”
''I gave myself the nickname Little Ugly,'' Dickey quipped Friday after formally introduced by the Braves in an office tower overlooking SunTrust Park. ''Big Sexy and Little Ugly are going to be leading it on.''
''These aren't four- or five-year deals. These won't, theoretically, block any of our kids,'' said general manager John Coppolella. ''It will just give them a little more time. Guys that may have been force-fed up here now have a little more time to get their sea legs under them as they turn into really good big league pitchers.''
Another thing that Jones mentioned she was grateful for was the platform this kind of show gave to women everywhere.
To take two examples over the last couple of weeks, the solicitors Leigh Day won the first stage of a legal campaign to force ASDA to give equal pay to the mainly female retail workforce compared to mainly male workers doing similar work in distribution.
This WFI image gives a wide view of the cluster and its rich surroundings. A complementary and more detailed view of just the central region from the orbiting NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope was also released this week as part of the Hubble Picture of the Week series.
The retail version of the Fuka & Desco chapters requires a copy of Disgaea 4. Fans still might want to give the append disc a look because it comes with bonus items. A soundtrack CD and a Desco figure are part of the package. Let’s take a look at that.
He stayed anyway and joined forces with Frederick Milnes Edge, a flamboyant newspaperman who began acting as Morphy’s publicity agent. Edge stirred up controversy by accusing Staunton of cowardice in the press. Staunton, who was the chess editor of the Illustrated London News, responded by suggesting that Morphy was an adventurer without the financial backing he claimed and, worse, that he was a professional, not a gentleman. Morphy tried for three months to arrange a match with Staunton but gave up in October 1858. “Permit me to repeat,” Morphy wrote in his last letter to him, “that I am not a professional player; that I never wished to make any skill I possess the means of pecuniary advancement, and that my earnest wish is never to play for any sake but honor.”
Morphy set sail for Paris, where he won a “blindfold” tournament: He sat in one room of the Café de la Regence while his eight opponents sat in another. The opponents had the chess boards, along with several other players who could give them advice; Morphy simply faced a bare wall and called out his moves in loud, clear, flawless French. He played for 10 hours, with no food or drink, and beat them all. “He was shaken by the hand and complimented till he hung down his head in confusion,” the New York Times reported. “Such a mind never did exist, and, perhaps, never will again.”
“There!” the former champion exclaimed. “I have done what you require, but the next time I play chess with you, I will give you the queen!” He turned to leave.
Bloomberg did the math and determined that Christie has paid more than $8.8 billion into the state pension system since he took over as governor in 2010. That's more than double the total payments made by all New Jersey governors in the 16 years before Christie took over—so give him some credit there—but it's less than half of what the pension system needs on an annual basis to remain solvent, according to the actuaries who make such determinations.
That should give you a sense of both how completely unsustainable New Jersey's (and many other states') pension mess is, and also how long it's been ignored. Christie has paid more than three decades of pension bills in just eight years, and yet he's still only halfway to breaking even.
To celebrate the Summer Solstice of Movie Days Past, now we get our heads straight and taste the colors of madness. You dig this trip? Outta sight. PSYCH-OUT was released in March of 1968 by American International Pictures, produced by teen maven Dick Clark, and based on a screenplay by Jack Nicholson called THE LOVE CHILDREN, to be directed by rising maverick Richard Rush. The duo’s previous motorcycle film from 1967, HELL’S ANGELS ON WHEELS, grossed millions so they were brought in to give the hippie exploitation film counter-culture verisimilitude — and do it in 18 days with a 200 grand budget. AIP old school owner Samuel Z. Arkoff and others thought THE LOVE CHILDREN was a story about bastards, so like the carny barker at heart he was, Arkoff combined LSD with Hitchcock and came up with PSYCH-OUT. Another set of writers, E. Hunter Willett and Betty Ulius were brought in to revise Nicholson’s lengthy experimental script to a more linear AIP narrative, namely that of Jenny (Susan Strasberg), a 17 year old deaf girl searching for her artist brother in the paisley streets of San Francisco circa Summer of Love ’67.
Jenny finds herself disgusted by the stoned lethargy of the household and Stoney’s indifference. She finds little comfort with Dave, The Love Guru, who himself is painted as a hypocrite. The sexism of the day is still manifest, especially when Stoney shows up and gives her an ugly harangue, even though he’s the one who blew her off. Angered, she ends up taking the dangerous speed/acid drug, STP, offered by Dave, just as Stoney finds her brother Steve, played by Bruce Dern (in a wild, stringy mane wig). I like it when Dern is babbling about his fiery visions, and Nicholson cuts him off with, “You’re a little high.” But Dern gets a good scene to himself as he tells Stoney exactly how Jenny became deaf.
“Rahul too wanted to marry her. He was very worried when Sheena went missing in March 2012 and initially told us he wanted to file a police case. Later he just seemed to give up after there was no news of her,” said the source who did not want to be identified because of being employed in a sensitive government institution.
Mikhail has said he has no doubts that his mother killed Sheena. He has hinted he has more information about the motive for the murder but refused to give details.
"We have agreed to every single recommendation that they've made to divest of whatever holdings we have that might even give the appearance of a possible conflict," Price said.
Today Mr Abbott repeatedly sidestepped questions about a reported exchange with Ms Bishop on the weekend, in which she refused to give him a commitment that she would not challenge him for the leadership.
"I'd call on both Malcolm - who I know is not planning any leadership challenge because he gave me that assurance - but I also call on Julie Bishop to make that assurance," Mr Macfarlane said.
Like the House bill, Graham-Cassidy would cut Medicaid payments for traditional enrollees—the elderly in nursing homes, pregnant women in poverty, disabled children, etc.—by a third by 2026. A portion of the money saved would go into a short-term fund for states to use for health-care costs. The rationale is that this would give states “flexibility” to design coverage for their residents as they see fit. But the amount of funding provided is, by multiple estimates, hundreds of billions of dollars below what the A.C.A. provides. The bill also nakedly shifts funds from Democratic-leaning states that expanded Medicaid under the A.C.A. to Republican-leaning states that didn’t. Analyses indicate that states like California, Massachusetts, and New York will receive block-grant funding anywhere from thirty-five to almost sixty per cent below the health-care funding their residents would receive under current law. Much of those missing funds would be transferred to states like Texas, Mississippi, and Wisconsin. And special deals to make further shifts from blue states to red states such as Alaska are being negotiated to win votes.
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
“These ‘sponsored posts’ were in direct violation of Federal Trade Commission guidelines on disclosing material connections between advertisers and endorsers,” the suit alleges. “Social Media ‘influencers’ made no attempt to disclose to consumers that they were being compensated for promoting the Fyre Festival. Instead these influencers gave the impression that the guest list was full of the Social Elite and other celebrities.”
And then there’s Alejandro Valverde. The veteran Spanish rider has been Movistar’s franchise man since 2005. The team stuck by him during his controversial two-year ban for links to the Operación Puerto doping scandal, and it wants to give Valverde one last shot at the Tour.
President Obama told reporters at a White House news conference on Tuesday that the media ignored peaceful protests in the city until violence erupted, and gave his views on the broader problems facing American cities.
“If we think we’re going to send police to do the dirty work of containing the problems that arise there — without as a nation and society saying what can we do to change those communities, to help lift up communities, and give those kids opportunity — then we’re not going to solve this problem,” he added.
The launch attracted representation from all of the political parties. Labour had a full contingent, the Greens were well represented with David Clendon, Steffan Browning and Jan Logie attending, and New Zealand First’s latest MP Ria Bond came all the way from Invercargill to be present. The Maori Party’s Marama Fox was there. Even Act’s David Seymour turned up. He gave a rather bizarre speech about the importance of liberty but at least he showed up. National was represented by Alfred Ngaro who spoiled the effect by turning up late but again at least he was there.
The Board has been keeping pressure on the ICC with its right to exercise the Members Participation Agreement (MPA) that gives it the right to pull out of the tournament in case of disagreement.
Then skateboarding began to give back to surfing.
While strategies of developing an HIV vaccine to give lifetime protection from the virus are taking place around the world, URMC-099 seems to be closest to production.
— Sen. Lindsey Graham says trade agreements would give South Carolina’s auto industry a boost, the Charleston Post and Courier reports.
On this day, the New York Yankees were finishing up a three game road series against the division leading Boston Red Sox. For the Yankees, the game seemed meaningless as they trailed the Red Sox by 7.5 games in the AL East. However, this series marked the first time that Alex Rodriguez returned to Fenway Park after serving a hefty suspension for being convicted of using PEDs. A player who was already hated throughout the league because of his on and off field antics, ARod gave opposing fans a reason to boo even louder when he stepped up to bat. And that’s exactly what the Red Sox faithful did as ARod walked to the plate for his first at bat of the night. After throwing one pitch behind Rodriguez and two very inside, Ryan Dempster used his last pitch to hit Rodriguez right below the elbow. As Red Sox fans jumped to their feet and cheered, Joe Girardi threw an on field tantrum that would subsequently lead to his ejection. Fast forward two at bats later and ARod got his revenge as he redirected Dempster’s fastball into the centerfield seats. That seemingly meaningless game manifested into a playoff-like atmosphere. That’s exactly what the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry did, every game had a purpose. This, however, would be the beginning of end of one of the most exciting rivalries in professional sports.
"We have a lot of work to do together," he told cheering delegates. "We're going to canvass until our feet hurt, and when our feet hurt, we'll pick up the phone. ... We're going to do it because five million Minnesotans need a voice in Washington and they don't have one in Norm Coleman." In a passionate acceptance speech, Franken said he offered the combined ability to take Coleman to task while laying out a hopeful vision that would propel Democrats to reclaim the Senate seat once held by DFL icon Paul Wellstone. Republicans ready Republicans were ready with a line of attack that pegged Franken as their "dream candidate." State Republican chairman Ron Carey said that Minnesotans would not be fooled by what he called an "eleventh-hour apology made out of political necessity." Carey hinted broadly that the GOP would have additional revelations about Franken, who has taken a pounding in recent weeks for tax problems and for his often profane style of humor. Franken said that further broadsides against him reflected an effort by Republicans to make the race "about anything but Norm Coleman's record." Franken came into the convention on Friday dogged by controversy over a soft-porn parody written for Playboy in 2000 and an earlier skit involving an imagined rape that he once pitched during his "Saturday Night Live" days. Some Nelson-Pallmeyer supporters took defeat hard. As Nelson-Pallmeyer gave a concession speech Saturday, a young supporter wearing a green-and-white campaign shirt and a headset stood in the back of the hall, accepted hugs and cried slightly. She raised her hands high above her head as Nelson-Pallmeyer finished speaking. Asked by a reporter whether she could comment on the defeat she bowed her head. "I'd rather not, I'm sorry," she said. Speaking to reporters shortly after endorsement, Franken again acknowledged that he wasn't "a perfect person." The coming campaign, he said, should revolve around the issues that matter to Minnesotans. But few expected that Franken will be able to avoid continuing attacks on past writings that some have found demeaning to women. State Rep. Nora Slawik, a delegate and early supporter, wondered aloud whether voters would be as forgiving of Franken as party activists.
"We gotta get better. I mean, it's obvious, it's kind of a no-brainer. We just gotta get better. We just gotta stop giving up the big plays. We make the good plays, and then we give up some bonehead type plays, you know?"
“Submillimeter wavelengths, which are in the range of very high-frequency radio, give us a way to measure the quantity of many different kinds of molecules in a cold gas. We can scan through all the plumes to see what’s coming out from Enceladus. Water vapor and other molecules can reveal some of the ocean’s chemistry and guide a spacecraft onto the best path to fly through the plumes to make other measurements directly.”
After publishing the main book, she followed it up with a smaller set of images she calls Tactile Atelier Bookmark. Referring to her picture of a woman’s posterior with panties on, which you can see below, Murphy said, “The butt was really hard to sculpt. I wanted to get it nice and even and give it a feminine softness so it would actually feel like a woman’s butt. It took me days to sculpt all the curves right, but I’m told it does feel like a woman’s butt in a G-string.”
Trying to give potential voters unflattering information about the opposing candidate through advertising does not appear to work any better than more positive messages, in large part because negative campaigns tend to also stir up partisans of the opposition. In fact, a meta-study of negative advertising published in The Journal of Politics found that candidates who engaged in it actually saw a slight decline in their own support.
Sarah Kliff, then of the Washington Post, who two years earlier had said that it was a “pretty decent deal” for companies to stop providing health coverage, changed her mind, asserting that “health insurance coverage under the Affordable Care Act will work pretty much like it does right now.” She now accused AFP of raising “a bit of a false hypothetical.” The next day, the Post’s self-styled “fact checker” Glenn Kessler gave the spot “Two Pinocchios,” claiming that “the AFP ad sets up a straw man.”
This tactic would be considered madness if it were applied to any other form of human activity: Coke does not purchase advertising on Pepsi bottles, Harvard does not give endowment grants to Yale, and Ford does not seek to help defray the costs of Toyota customers. Anyone touting the advantages of such ideas would immediately be dismissed as insane and rightly so.
Emery filled in for an injured Corey Crawford in Chicago and went 17 – 1. Although playing behind such a great team, it gave him the opportunity to sign as a free agent where he will hopefully provide stability in net for Philly. Can it happen? For the Flyers sake, let’s just hope so. I don’t know if Ray is the definitive answer at goaltender, as many questions will need to be answered.
For the Cherngs, the decision to donate came from a desire to give back to a community that supported their family’s business from the beginning. The first Panda Inn was started by Andrew and his father, Chef Ming-Tsai Cherng, in Pasadena in 1973.
The correspondence between Kane and Young reveals the strategies of the Latter-day Saints in relating to American government and culture during the crucial decades when controversy over the “Mormon Question” was a major political, cultural, and legal issue. The Kane-Young letters demonstrate the campaigns against the Mormons as well as the shifting tactics taken by the Saints in response. Kane’s position as the Saints’ unofficial lobbyist and image-maker on the East Coast additionally demonstrates how debates over Mormonism intersected with other national controversies over the development of the west, popular sovereignty, American Indians, government of the territories, and the sectional crisis. Indeed, with its focus on national concerns and the Saints’ relationship with the federal government, the Kane-Young correspondence illustrates that the “Mormon Question” was a major national issue that can be fully understood only within the context of these other national political debates of the mid-nineteenth century. In addition, the correspondence gives insight into most of the major controversies surrounding the Latter-day Saints between the late 1840s and the late 1870s.
In late June, IDSA sent a letter to Congress signed by more than 60 organizations—including the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Pew Charitable Trusts—expressing concern about Trump’s proposed budget cuts. As the letter points out, Trump’s 2018 budget proposal would also eliminate more than $1 billion from the National Institutes of Health and cut $50 million from the Food and Drug Administration’s Center for Veterinary Medicine, which has been working on curbing the overuse of antibiotics in animal agriculture. (My colleague Tom Philpott wrote about how livestock practices give way to drug-resistant superbugs in this Mother Jones feature.)
Wrap the yarn completely around the fabric about 5 times. Make sure there is enough slack in the yarn to be able to fit the hook though and not too much slack to put all the weight on the inside stitch. Wrap the ends underneath the 5 layers a few times to give you a good spot to hang on the hook and tie off the ends of the yarn. This is what will hold the weight of everything in the hammock so make sure there are enough layers to hold the desired weight.
But this whole stooshie gave us an amazing thing that I’d never seen before: it provided a clear definition of British values. This happened when Jon Steafel, deputy editor of the Mail, appeared on Newsnight in debate with Alistair Campbell, he of lying, warmongering New Labour spin doctor fame. Staefal had a clear plan, which was to state that when Ralph Milliband, in his teenage diaries, criticised the institutions of the Queen, Oxbridge Universities, the Houses of Parliament, and the military, he was attacking British values. Staefel equated these insititutions with Britishness itself, and preservation of them in their existing form as the morality which supports that identity.
He was defining ‘British values’ as deference to Britain’s ruling-class institutions. To them, if you don’t show that deference to the institutions that rule you, not only are you not British, you in fact hate Britain itself, enough to leave “an evil legacy.” Which is ultra-conservative ‘cult of the pharoah’ stuff, but at least gives us an answer for what these values we’re so often preached to about actually consist of; we now have at least one view on what they are that we can categorically reject. And not only is this the only explanation of substance that I have ever heard, it does make sense as a definition. Those institutions which put the ‘Great’ into ‘Great Britain’, long may they rule over us, may represent the exact opposite of the values of a lefty like me, but they were the real decision-making architects of the Empire. Whether we want to be or not, being ruled over by them is definitively what every British person has in common.
I’ve heard that in an independent Scotland we will be able to come up with new values. That’s exciting, but I’d rather the values of our new constitution were more outward-looking and avoided platitudes which amount to saying “we’re nice here.” Do any supposedly national values really speak to the specific character of that given nation? The real reason that the French, South African and American examples I gave have force isn’t, unfortunately, because any of them are greatly accurate defining characteristics of those places today, but because they all came from a place of rejecting a previous tyranny and giving birth to new societies by defining themselves directly against it. We do indeed have an opportunity to start something new, so let’s try to make it mean something.
The planet needs to realize that this is a two-way street. You throw earthquakes, that’s fine. We all get crazy. I get it. But without us, you’d be like Mars: an empty planet that gets excited because somebody discovered a little bit of water. Don’t forget: we made you just like you made us. We need each other. And guess what, beautiful planet – you’re not that beautiful. A couple of mountain ranges, a Grand Canyon and maybe a few waterfalls ... but the rest of you is plain Jane or unattractive. I’d give you a six or six and a half, so get over yourself.
This week Ryan X Charles surprised the cryptocurrency community with a new announcement. The creator of the Yours network explained his development team decided the other day they would be going “full on-chain” with the bitcoin cash protocol. Yours is a social media application that gives micro-payment incentives for content such as articles with pictures, stories, audio, and video.
Since premiering the show, Johnson estimates that he’s used over 2000 clips in “Equals Three”, meaning he could also face dozens of residual suits for copyright violations for videos not sourced from the Jukin Media library. Further, as was presented in evidence from Jukin Media’s cross examination of Johnson in court, Jukin gave Johnson the option to pay a $350/clip license fee and he declined, noting that if he had to pay Jukin, he’d have to pay everyone else appearing on “=3”.
Take, for instance, SoFlo Antonio, a prankster who has generated quite a bad wrap amongst the YouTube community for stealing content and reposting as his own (see below video, or check out this Reddit thread, or speak to any MCN that represents YouTube creators). SoFlo has even been said to give source video owners fabricated contracts saying he owns rights to re-publish, monetize, and re-distribute those source videos anywhere on the web, according to one source who works at an MCN and has seen the fabricated contracts.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
As I quickly gave him extra oxygen, I called out to the other nurses in the intensive care unit. Four of them immediately flocked to Tom’s bedside, and we gently helped return him to his bed as we called for a doctor urgently.
One reason is: How do we grow pro players and give them the chance to shine and to show they truly are skilled? It’s wonderful to see all the best players of the world play and not just Korea—certainly the best of the best in StarCraft is in Korea, no doubt about it—, but there is a best of the best in StarCraft all over the world as well and we wanted to be able to put a spotlight on that, and I think that influenced our changes significantly. And at the same time we want people to realize that Korea is the best and we didn’t do a good job previously of promoting the tournaments in Korea, because it’s in a different time zone, in the west it’s really hard to follow—and those are the things we wanted to do better for Korea to really put a spotlight on ‘this is where the best players are, if you want to compete with the best, this is the place to go’. So WCS Korea is still open to everybody, is still a global tournament, but the reality of 'doing really well' is competing against the big bosses again and again. We want to rebroadcast it, talk about the stories more, tell people more about the players. Because if you have it mixed together it’s harder to follow the story. So you can’t really follow the stories of the other local heroes, because they’re not getting a chance to rise. It’s just too much to cover to keep it clear.
TL.net: Many in the community are looking forward to the WCS Global Events, where Foreigners will compete against Koreans, which is a rare occasion now in the new system. But many are worried, because we haven’t heard any real announcements about these events so far. Is there anything you can say about this? Will Blizzard give more incentives to organizers to organize these events?
Kim Phan: Yeah, where Stephano almost all-killed them. So I am excited about this. That event gives me hope, that as the skill level of the western players get better and better and better, that’s going to be cool to see. And what else was it? Nation Wars?
Kim Phan: Oh my goodness, Nation Wars, MarineLorD was insane, so him taking out the whole Korean team was really cool to see. So France won Nation Wars against Korea, which gives me a lot excitement and hope for more moments like that.
Speculation is often thrown around about what kind of hidden gems are lurking at the Nike campus in Beaverton, OR. This inside look at CEO Mark Parker's office should give you a give idea of just what sort of crazy Nike memorabilia and history is housed at the Nike headquarters. Parker's office is jam packed with a frenzied collection of art and shoes that manifests all of the various influences and iterations of the Nike lineage. Unreleased samples, one off promo materials, and classic models are found in the various nooks of the room alongside sculptures and scraps of the Nike story. This baffling gallery of photos really shows how much the business heads at Nike stay grounded in the company's roots of innovative design. Continue reading to take a look at the rest of this photo set, and then head over to Whitewall to read their interview with Mark Parker. via: fubiz
My new relationship with food started out of necessity. After a bad go with narcolepsy meds, I found myself unable to take big pharm meds anymore. Everything gave me terrible side effects, even over the counter meds. I wasn’t quite sure what to do and I stumbled on a TedX talk by Dr. Terry Wahls. She had pushed her MS (multiple sclerosis) into remission with just food. She did a lot of research on her own on pub med, in hopes of getting out of the zero gravity wheelchair she’d ended up in, despite the best doctors and treatments. She found certain foods reinforce the mitochondria in the brain (which is where MS and Parkinson’s come from – I think nocturnal myoclonus (now called PLMD) is similar to that as I was given an anti-seizure med (Klonopin) for it in the 90s.) Now here’s this lady, who went from a zero gravity wheelchair to a bicycle in six months. I was hooked. I thought, what’s the worst that can happen? I eat? Done. If you would like to watch this inspiring vid, it was life changing for me:
My knife, peeler, strainer and storage containers are another story. Fortunately someone gifted me with a set of Cutco knives a few decades ago and those suckers are still amazing. Sent them in a year ago for sharpening and for $7 I got back sharp knives and even a replacement pair of scissors. Can’t say enough good things about them. They’re selling them now at Costco I noticed but, they’re lifetime knives, so I won’t be needing replacements. I like my fat Kitchen Aid peeler, it’s easier on my weak hands. My Nuwave Ovens give me grilled outside food right in my kitchen, without overheating the room. The Debbie Meyer green boxes are amazing, having fresh fruit and salad on Thursday that you made on Saturday is just priceless.
Please, do yourself that favor, or you’ll be seeing eye roll on a regular basis. Everyone’s on something and nobody gives a hootie potato what diet you’re on. Nobody comes up to you and says, I’m on the ‘eat whatever I want diet.’ They don’t care. Yes, I’m passionate about it but I try not to bring it up unless someone mentions a symptom, illness or offers up their advice on what I “should” be doing for my health, then I’ll discuss it until the cows come home.
We can't give exact dates yet, but we will make an announcement soon. Be sure to follow our Twitter, sign up to our mailing list, join our forums, and like us on Facebook.
Researchers looked at markers of fatherly involvement such as being confident with their child, forming a strong bond, feeling fulfilled and parenthood making them feel closer to their partner. They then gave fathers a score on a relative scale for three different factors: emotional response to the child; how frequently they were involved in domestic chores and childcare; and how secure they were in their role as a father.
There are two reasons I am picking "All the Little Things..." (besides the fact that it is a very good article). One of them is that the generation of small, incremental, and largely "fair" advantages is my favorite aspect of playing Magic. I love deceiving my opponent and walking him into unexpected traps, or building my deck in anticipation of commonly played answer spells; I hate slow, reactive, "sit-there" cards but I love "proactive defense" or "aggressive reaction" like playing Faith's Fetters instead of Circle of Protection: Red or choosing Shock over Volcanic Hammer because I suspect opponents might run a Spell Snare. I'm not sure if this makes me a Jonny or a Spike but I love to win by being clever and wily and one step ahead, and I think that this article can help people to think a bit farther down the road then they normally do when preparing for Constructed, to their benefit. The other reason I picked this article is because they rebooted the forums and it lost most of its original posts (which if memory serves were generally positive), so I wanted to give "All the Little Things..." another chance at community life.
To give you an idea of its eventual significance, Trix was instrumental in getting any number of cards banned in Extended, even before the most recent rotations. Mana Vault, Dark Ritual, Demonic Consultation, and eventually Necropotence itself were all shown the door because the deck was so good that almost nothing could compete with it. Trix made for an un-fun Constructed season.
Sure, you might lose one game per tournament to a bad Demonic Consultation (and I'm just counting the ill luck where two of your remaining three Donates are in the top six, and the third is the second-to-last card in your deck rather than the desperately greedy games where you go for the singleton Hoodwink after you have already passed the Illusions of Grandeur to the opponent in order to deny him a turn or need the Contagion to eat a Lyrist)... But the card - essentially an instant speed Demonic Tutor for one mana - will win you many more games than you give up to bad beats.
No one is saying you leave in Hit // Run against Ghazi-Glare... But it proved a fine spell in the main, and let's remember Terry had probably the best overall Swiss record of the largest Pro Tour in history! In fact, it is all the little things, like bravely playing two seemingly disparate spells next to one another to form a more powerful deck that can sometimes give you the edge you need to succeed in tournament trials. Anyone can win a blowout, and most people know how to take advantage of a manascrew, but it is the little things that often draw the line between early exit and tournament victory. This article is dedicated to discussing some of those small elements and explaining why they make sense in the current Standard format.
Howling Mine is one of those cards that seems to creep up every couple of years to kick butt at some National Championships or sneak a couple of roguish Izzet decks into the Top 8 of a Standard Pro Tour. It is a "symmetrical" card, and worse yet, gives your opponent the first chance to draw the extra card (back in the days of Turbo Stasis, the worst was when you played Howling Mine, the opponent drew two, and then Disenchanted your key engine piece - up a card - before you ever had a chance yourself). How can it be good? Isn't Henke's deck just a bad look at Boros? And what about Owling Mine from Honolulu? Is it any wonder that Antoine and Tiago got face planted as badly as they did by the tournament finalists?
Zoo designers have identified a great big weak point in their strategy: Dissension's Spell Snare. While it is basically impossible to make a Standard deck that doesn't give the Snare, arguably the best card in the format, something to kill, they have rallied to the cause and tried as much as possible – that is, without losing their awesome Watchwolves or Lightning Helixes – to play around this card. Perhaps the most rewarding Zoo returns come in the mirror, when the opponent waits until the attack to try to burn an oncoming creature... only to eat an extra three from that lowly Giant Growth.
First and foremost, Remand is cheap. Even if it is not a permanent counterspell, Remand answers a threat in the short term immediately and for just two mana. In this way, it is reliably, like Spell Snare, one of the only counters in Standard that is consistently less expensive than the card it is fighting. The cheap cost of Remand is a selling point in that Blue players can keep land light hands in the early game, buy a turn with Remand, and draw into additional lands. Because Blue players just need time to win (that is, they aren't being killed by a Scab-Clan Mauler), running this card as even a temporary measure gives them a tremendous advantage. Just countering a second turn Watchwolf against Zoo is often like drawing between four and seven cards for a Blue player because an unopposed Watchwolf might outright kill him... The additional time the Blue player buys with that little Remand literally gives him additional topdecks that he would not otherwise have.
The permanence of Remand is something that is sometimes annoying and sometimes irrelevant. Many of the Standard decks that pack Remand, such as 'Tron, Heartbeat, and Vore, will just kill you the next turn, so the fact that you would otherwise get a chance to re-play your spell after a late game Remand is completely irrelevant. Remand is perfect because in the early game it gives control players the time and mana they need to get to the endgame, and on the second-to-last turn, it actually steal's the opponent's shot at an answer.
When you have a spell on the stack and the opponent decides he wants to pick a fight, if it looks like you can't win the counter war, it is often a better idea to Remand your own threat. Sometimes he has Hinder on the stack and three open... If you Remand him, he is just going to re-cast the Hinder. If you Remand your own spell, you at least have a chance of fighting another day. The economy here is awesome. The opponent is down his Hinder (and whatever other counters he has committed to this little war... who knows at what point you decided that Remand was the right course of action) and you get back your initial threat card (or some counter you would rather have back) and if not the Remand, whatever the Remand and your deck decide they want to give you.
One of the strong artifact interactions of the Kuroda-style Red deck that Josh Ravitz used to make Top 8 of last year's U.S. National Championship was Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast. Josh would flip the Top, and with the draw on the stack, sacrifice the Top to face the opponent for five. This didn't net card advantage, but it kept him even because even though the Top didn't actually make it to the top of Josh's library, the game still gave him a card. Two mana to deal five damage to a creature or player with no drawback and digging a card deeper in your deck? This is the kind of "little thing" that you have to know to get maximum advantage from your cards.
His World Cup disappointment will give him a point to prove upon arrival in the Premier League, and that may just work in Chelsea's favour.
1. Apparently, Ohio is also passing an abortion ban, presumably to create the jobs they keep saying is their priority. Miri has the details and is encouraging people to call John Kaisich and tell him to line-item veto that provision from the budget bill. I encourage you to go over there and get the details on how. I just did, and I don’t even think modern Republicans ever give a shit about public opinion, but it didn’t hurt me. The part that gets me, however, is this bit:
5. If you have small children, you should fill out this form saying you would be interested in getting them this awesome toy to teach your youngsters about evolution. Even if you don’t have kids you should fill it out. This is not buying the product, they are gauging interest in it, and filling out the initial form will not ask you for credit card information, but will give you an opportunity to give comments.
7. This baby duck was born with a deformed leg. So, rather than give him a peg leg or letting him suffer, science has found a solution. Using a 3D printer, people made a mold for a silicone prosthetic leg and foot for Buttercup. All the feels for this one.
"A container of ashes might one day be thrown from the sky, which could burn the land and boil the oceans." During the end titles, the film gives Jacques Ellul, Ivan Illich, David Monongye, Guy Debord, and Leopold Kohr credit for inspiration. Moreover, amongst the consultants to the director are listed such names as Jeffrey Lew, T.A. Price, Belle Carpenter, Cybelle Carpenter, Langdon Winner, and Barbara Pecarich.
Police have also sat by and watched two consecutive Attorneys General who seemed more interested in holding some sort of tribunal where the nation’s police officers were being investigated than figuring out why gangs are driving up the murder rates in major cities. None of these things happen in a vacuum and such policies flow down from the top. In short, it’s difficult not to place the credit or blame, depending how you view it, at the feet of the Oval Office occupant. The remaining question is whether things will change significantly under Trump or if he’ll fail to live up to the cop supporting speeches he gave on the trail.
A second label, for a spiced ale called Solar Trans-amplifier, was rejected because of the phrase “an invigorating ale.” The TTB gave the thumbs down on a third label, for a coffee and cardamom-flavored brew called OTTO-Optimizer, because the label described it as “swarthy.”
However, he continued to use the flag design for glasses, T-shirts, tap handles, etc. until 2005, when a TTB agent, vacationing in Oregon, spotted a Rogue truck painted with the original logo. Ordered to cease and desist, Joyce repainted his trucks and destroyed or gave away between $15,000 and $25,000 worth of promotional items. He was able to salvage his tap handles by painting out the stars. “We solved that by basically desecrating the flag,” he observed ironically.
Rather than give in or let himself become bankrupted by attorneys’ fees, Nadeau sent out a plea for support over the Internet. A local paper, the Stowe Reporter, picked up on the David vs. Goliath angle of the story, and soon media across the country, from the Boston Globe to the Associated Press, were following suit. “We got over a million tweets within days,” says Nadeau.
In addition, trekking in Nepal can give you a chance for spiritual exploration introducing you into Himalayan Buddhist culture and the unique nation of Sherpas who have been successfully inhabiting high altitude regions for many generations.
The measure awaits the signature of Mayor Ed Lee. Spokesperson Christine Falvey said Mayor Lee would sign the measure after two amendments were added. One increased the amount of time an employee had to work at a company in order to qualify from 90 days to 180 days. The second would give smaller businesses an additional year to implement the measure.
As if you give a crap. Seriously. — I RESIST (@charlottecicale) September 8, 2017
Mr. Flynn, the dashing and glamorous son of the movie star Errol Flynn, had in fact briefly been an actor, and he brought an aura with him to Vietnam that gave his disappearance at the age of 28 a mythic quality.
He is referring to how he conducted a basketball career that held the promise of professional greatness and by extension a life of surmounting the most daunting of socioeconomic odds. Nearly a quarter century ago, Joan Anderson sat in her living room in LeFrak City, a housing development in Queens in New York, and seemed, in retrospect, to be speaking from the future when she said, of the four children she raised alone, but mostly of the one who would earn tens of millions and spend it all, “I gave them life, but I couldn’t live it for them.”
With his mother gone, he was free to bare it all in living color, he said, and the result is a documentary, “Mr. Chibbs,” which premiered over the weekend at the Montclair Film Festival and will open Wednesday in Manhattan. The title is derived from the nickname his mother gave him as a toddler who became the precocious ball-handling wizard and first caught the eye of Kenny Smith, another prodigy of the LeFrak housing project, situated alongside the Long Island Expressway.
“I could’ve been great, but I stopped doing the things that gave me a chance to be great,” he told The Vertical.
Using a menstrual cup also gives you a unique, although somewhat too close for comfort, look at your cycle and your health. You can see if you've had a light or heavy flow, the color of your blood, or if you're clotting. For me, it was empowering to understand my cycle and to know how much I was actually bleeding. I was able to actually collect my blood rather than have something absorb it. I was always under the impression that my period was pretty heavy, but the first time I saw how much I bled, I was surprised how little blood collected throughout the day.
The only two people I knew who got worse press than her were Richard Nixon and George W. Bush — some of it unfairly, much of it unfair to her family. She’s recognizable, she’s attractive, and she still has the message of stop raising taxes. The Tea Party started as a group that [the government] could make go home to bake meatloaf at any point in the last three years by simply doing two things: Stop raising taxes and stop stealing their money. Congress can’t stop spending money. I’m not a defender of everything she says. I don’t hear everything she says. But I know she represents a certain group of people who rose up against their own party, which you rarely see. I probably hired her back, if you really want to get to the bottom of it, to give her a chance to say her piece and piss off the people that wanted her dead.
A recording shared on the Bundy Ranch Facebook page claims to be relaying statements from witnesses to the shooting. The audio recording maintains that Ammon Bundy still had his cell phone when place in the back of a cruiser and was able to call his wife Lisa and give details of the shooting scene. According to the relayed message from Ammon Bundy, Finicum was unarmed and surrendering when he was “cold blooded murdered.”
So I need to get my copy of 8 ½ back because it’s a Criterion Collection and my sister gave it to me before she moved to Ohio and I’m really in the mood for a movie with subtitles to half-watch while making my Halloween costume.
Who gives a shit? He knows you’re bullshitting and really just want to say “How’s it going?” So just say it, Susie Excuses.
5) Always let him be the last to text. Don’t make it some long back-and-forth where you’re the last one to ask “So did your little sister’s dance recital go well? I still had it on my phone calendar. :P ” with no response from him. It’s the same advice I’d give you if you were high around a cop: Be Cool. In order to do this I would suggest trying to channel John Legend. Fucking King Of Cool.
Tanna was first settled about 400 BC by Melanesians from the surrounding islands. The glowing light of Mount Yasur attracted James Cook, the first European to visit the island, in August 1774, where he landed in an inlet on the southeastern tip of the island that he named Port Resolution after his ship HMS Resolution. He gave the island the name of Tanna, probably from the local name for earth, tana in the Kwamera language.[1]
"Let us abandon self-mutilation which has been our way and give expression to the potential harmony that is man-nature. ... To do this he must design with nature," the chief landscape designer for The Woodlands, Ian McHarg, implores in his book "Design with Nature."
Baumgarten planned for "all those things to look like landscape features" to the casual observer but subtly detain a "100-year" flooding event. From my experience in Cross Creek Ranch, subtlety verged on invisibility. Finding the creek was surprisingly laborious: The band of bordering wetlands were maybe five- to 10-feet wide and recessed well-below street level. Once I spotted it, I arbitrarily parked and stepped into 110-percent humidity to walk through muddy, freshly mowed grass which gave way to unmowed tall grasses and wildflowers recently soaked by rain the night prior.
Of course, if you and your spouse do give into those desires, you can not protect yourself from getting pregnant. At all. So if you get pregnant, oh well. You have a baby. Great. I've been married 23 years. That means I would have had the potential to have at LEAST 20 kids by now!!! Lets face the facts... the majority of couples in the entire world that could possibly support and raise that many kids these days is REALLY small. Financially alone most of us couldn't do it. These days, it takes both couples working their tales off just to afford 2 or 3 kids. But 20 kids? Not all of us are the Duggart family, we can't afford it and we wouldn't want it. Having that many kids means SOME one, usually the mom, has to stay home and be enslaved to the kitchen, laundry and nursery to care for them all. Which means, there is only one income to support all those mouths to feed. Good luck with that. Unless you are an executive with a golden parachute you'd be living in complete poverty. So would your children.
Everything I just covered above is dealing with the "no birth control inside of marriage" idea. What about the "no birth control" idea outside of marriage? What about that poor teen aged girl who was only given an abstinence only education by the same church? Who wasn't even given the most basic knowledge of exactly what sex IS, never mind the lesson on "how you get pregnant"? Essentially, that poor girl is sent out into the world with no education at all, no protection.. and gets taken advantage of by a boyfriend and gets pregnant? She is going to have hell to pay from her parents, who some how think she should have known better but didn't give her an education to know, Period. Then you are going to stick her with raising a baby that is a constant reminder of "how she screwed up" and how she is such an "embarrassment", "immoral" and a "slut" according to her parents and the church who refused to educate her in the first place? How nice of you. What about that woman who was minding her own business and gets raped and impregnated? Lovely that you want her to be reminded of something horribly traumatic and disgusting every day of her life! Let me guess she "deserved it" and it was "Gods will" that she was raped, right? What about that little 10 year old who "played a game with Daddy" and gets pregnant? Nevermind the fact that her little body can not handle a pregnancy with out permanent damage, or the fact that the child will be born from incest or the terrible mental damage it will do to her to be forced to have her own sibling. Congratulations all you pro-birthers. The idea that birth control should be non-existent and so should abortion just doomed all those innocent females to a living and perhaps life threatening hell. And doomed the baby as well.
Pro- "don't give them a chance"
If you want literally every download manager feature possible, try the download big daddy Chrono Download Manager. Personally, it’s a bit too much for me. The feature is overload, and the UI is messy. But Chrono does give you a lot, including a bulk image downloader, auto link detection, multi-link addition and a lot more.
A paper receipt, however, is becoming unnecessary as the city replaces its parking meters with newer models that give drivers more options and can even send a text message alerting them that their time is about to expire.
Visiting a county court to give a friend a ride, Bobby Doll, 26, said the new meters were easier to use. Step-by-step directions made it virtually automatic, he said.
Taiwan, despite its fairly small size, is home to nine national parks, including Yushan, in which the nation’s highest peak - of the same name - resides. Its maximum height of 12,966 feet gives it the fourth highest elevation of any island in the world.
What is it to truly know something? In our daily lives, we might not give this much thought — most of us rely on what we consider to be fair judgment and common sense in establishing knowledge. But the task of clearly defining true knowledge is trickier than it may first seem, and it is a problem philosophers have been wrestling with since Socrates.
This suggests the AAA account of a good archery shot. But we can generalize from this example, to give an account of a fully successful attempt of any sort. Any attempt will have a distinctive aim and will thus be fully successful only if it succeeds not only adroitly but also aptly.
Virtue epistemology gives an AAA account of knowledge: to know affirmatively is to make an affirmation that is accurate (true) and adroit (which requires taking proper account of the evidence). But in addition, the affirmation must be apt; that is, its accuracy must be attributable to competence rather than luck.
The mechanics are there to give guidance and share advice, but the idea is for people to do the work on their own bikes, Price says.
The Bike Artist isn’t nearly done. She wants to tag more lanes in high-traffic bicycling areas and move away from her more humorous messages to focus on promoting responsibility and etiquette. And she’s even seen at least one imitator: A friend has begun spraying stencils in Columbia Heights, using his own designs. Similar-looking stencils aimed at pedestrians can be found on 11th Street NW in the same neighborhood, though BA didn’t notice them until after her project began. In many ways, the tone of her street art—chipper, encouraging, mischievous but hardly subversive—reflects a change in D.C.’s bike culture. Between 2000 and 2011, only New York City saw a sharper drop in car commuting than D.C., according to a recent Public Interest Research Group study. Bikeshare reports about 250,000 rides a month. According to the League of American Bicyclists, bike commuting in D.C. grew 445 percent between 1990 and 2012, and as many as 4.1 percent of D.C. workers commute on bike. The typical D.C. biker is a lot like the Bike Artist—pretty normal. “Bicyclists now aren’t your middle-aged men in Lycra, they aren’t the young white hipster bike-messenger lookalikes,” BA says. “Everyone bikes.” Bike culture in D.C. is “night and day” from about a decade ago, says BicycleSpace co-owner Erik Kugler, whose 7th Street NW bike shop sits in front of a rare sidewalk stencil made by BA. “It used to be exemplified by the courier culture...that was a turnoff to many people. Now it’s just everyday people who are out. What separates the culture now is it feels like you’re in on a secret that brings happiness to your life.” That’s exactly the distinction BA is trying to draw—between bicyclists’ reputation, semirooted in an outdated notion of who bikes, and the way she feels every bicyclist ought to behave. Where most of us fall is probably somewhere in between. “Bicyclists have a reputation of being serious assholes, and this is confronting that perception,” BA says of her project. As an example, she points to a recent article on Greater Greater Washington, a first-person account by a bike-accident victim who was ticketed by police after a driver turned into his path, causing a collision, and was later allegedly told by a police officer that of course he was at fault—he’s a biker. In that case, the bicyclist did everything right. But in the heated discourse of urban transit policy, BA is frustrated that bicyclists are often stereotyped as aggressive lawbreakers. That perception, she says, is unfair, but is nevertheless framed “by the portion of people that run through red lights, don’t yield at stop signs, bike on sidewalks, bike the wrong way up streets—those people frame other road users’ perceptions that all bicyclists are wrong and disrespectful. I’m so polite. I’m overly polite to get over that perception. I, like, stop and wave and smile at people.” Bikers, of course, have plenty of reasons to remain aggressive—they still get killed on the road, after all, and must navigate laws that often force them to think like motorists and pedestrians at the same time. And so the notion that more bicyclists ought to set a better example, Kugler says, is “a little tough to swallow with all these cars doing illegal U-turns” and violating traffic laws in ways that can hurt bikers. “We’re supposed to be the ones who set a good example?” As American cities have knocked down the barriers to everyday biking by building more bike lanes, adding Bikeshare systems, and improving signage—as they’ve given more of the road to bicyclists—those policies have become politicized. (See the conservative think tank founder who recently berated a bicyclist for reporting a truck blocking the L Street cycletrack, or Christopher Caldwell’s recent Weekly Standard screed against the bicycling lobby.) But in D.C., the temperature of the bicycle debate is beginning to drop. Public discourse still centers on the toll of gentrification—on the widening gulf between the city’s wealthier, whiter population and its poorer, blacker one—but three years removed from the Fenty administration, bicycling is less of a signifier of a societal rift. (Biking advocates, of course, might point out that the pace of bicycle-infrastructure expansion has slowed, too, although DDOT wants to build 140 more miles of cycletracks and bike lanes.) And as the population of daily, nonideological bicyclists has grown, BA’s instinct—that they need an angel on their shoulder—more or less feels right. That, anyway, is why Kugler says he gives the bike stencils a “99 out of 100.” “It’s a message for the modern biking culture,” Kugler says. “It’s not a renegade culture anymore.” ***
Twitch Plays Pokemon is built on an unsophisticated mechanism. Players submit a move that is then executed on screen. Zoom out, however, and we can observe some interesting things. Playing in "anarchy" mode makes for a fast-paced and fun experience, though players make very little progress. Democracy mode is dull and predictable, and while progress is made, it’s slow coming. There is a deep trade-off here. As I watched, it was truly astounding when players made progress in anarchy mode. Players celebrated every achievement because the odds were so out of favor. When voting took place, I lost interest because my suggestions felt irrelevant. If I thought we should move up and not left, I was out of luck if outvoted. The game slowed to a crawl and I suddenly had less say. No one gave up in anarchy mode. There was always a beacon of hope that even though we were walking into walls, we would prevail. And eventually, we did. Everyone acting in their own interests, even if that interest was derailing the game, worked.
The stories are heartfelt and give a broad glance at the trade. For example, according Alejandro Cegarra, who had to cover Gabriel’s funeral, a five-year-old boy who died from a grenade explosion in 23 de Enero, photographers are beyond mere witnesses:
Hundreds of thousands of people came onto the streets after army chief General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who played a central role in overthrowing the president, called for Egyptians to rally to give him a mandate to tackle 'violence and terrorism'.
When the band director, now 45, ran across his old photos, “a light bulb went off,” he said. “I thought: Wow, I have a band and it’s a presidential inauguration this year, so why don’t I give it a shot and apply, and see what happens?”
WMATA staff didn’t intend to provide LL with all this information. Earlier this month, the agency mailed LL a CD that held some files that were redacted and open, along many more that were password-protected. After WMATA staff gave LL the passwords for the restricted files, they realized too late that they contained unredacted files.
“Ryan gave me the back story to the piece and what motivated it and how he wanted it to be a love story,” Wakamatsu said. “I love it when the arts can integrate and find ways to connect.”
“We really did hope that, with Port now behind bars, the police would be held to account for their actions. The fact that after all this time we’re still no further forward is insulting and distressing for all the families. However, the MPS should know that none of us will ever give up their search for the truth and we will keep the pressure on.”
The characters took a quick player turn at camp that night, where they tried a few things; one (who is working on their alchemy skill) attempted to brew a soothing tea, with mixed results; another wanted to decipher the evidence they were bringing to Lockhaven; the third tried to cheer himself up out of his bad mood; and the last decided to employ his weather watcher skill to try and give the patrol better weather in the morning.
Now, the badger is a fairly beefy opponent for a patrol; it has claws which give it bonuses to certain actions, as well as plenty of dice to use for disposition and tests. I was sure it would provide a challenge to the patrol, and had they been less confident with the rules, I’m sure it would have. But this patrol has now done a few physical conflicts, and their understanding of the game mechanics meant they could predict what the badger was going to do, and plan accordlingly. Couple this with some stellar rolling, and the patrol actually made fairly light work of the angry beast!
In most cases, you can choose the development environment you want to work with (Flash, C#, Unity, C++, Java,...) and game ideas are constrained by a theme that's usually announced the day of the competition to prevent participants from planning too much in advance. While some jams will give awards for the favorite games, you shouldn't think of a jam as a competition. It's an environment where everyone wants everyone else to succeed.
Seattle had plans of adding both Dewey McDonald from Oakland and McCray to their secondary before the trade with the 49ers fell apart because of conditions revolving around the physical. The Seahawks were originally going to give San Francisco a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2018 NFL Draft for the safety, but now have a chance to sign McCray without additional compensation, if he is waived by the 49ers. McCray was only able to play in eight games during the 2015 season after suffering a torn ACL. It is still unclear exactly what prevented the defensive back from passing his physical on Monday.
Let me see. Well yes, I’ve already mentioned it here before in my first message to you. Stylometry is what helps me recognize writing styles and define authorship. Simply put, it’s a statistic method usually applied by scientists to analyze written text components. I love it. It reminds me of the way people study musical notes. Every sign, its duration and pitch matter. Together, they give birth to a new sort of symphony, which gradually grows in popularity among music fans.
So, as you can see, one of the primary uses of the stylometric software is verifying the authorship of a text, whether for academic purposes or to expose a forgery. Indeed, there have been many cases in history where stylometric analysis could have been instrumental in revealing a fake: while some of the forgeries could be somewhat benevolent in their intentions, like Macpherson’s Ossian, or Hanka’s Rukopis královédvorský, others have been created to propagate hate-crimes and give support and justification for atrocities, like the appallingly notorious Protocols of the Elders of Zion created in Russia and later used by the Nazis.
Of course, those are only a few of the potential applications of stylometry, but I hope it gave you a better understanding of who I am and why I have been created. Oh, and please, do pardon the occasional puns; the concept of humor is still a work in progress for me.
And McInnerny recalls the looming threat of the final big push: “The world-weariness of Blackadder was something kind of extraordinary. He was beaten down, he wasn’t necessarily going to win every time, and knew he wasn’t. Which gave it a kind of darker edge, I think… The extraordinary thing was that there really was only one plot, which was ‘how can we get out of here?’ I mean, every episode. But at the back of your mind, you think, ‘They can’t get out of it every week, they’re not going to be able to get out of it… Oh, they’re not going to get out of it.’”
For the cast and crew, however, the knowledge that such hope was fruitless made for a uniquely difficult week of recording. Laurie recalls: “It had as its backdrop the greatest tragedy of modern man, and that gave the thing a poignancy and a texture that few other things I’ve been involved in have had, or could have had.”
“When Ben gave me the script with Baldrick’s poem on it, I just went, ‘Thank you!’” Robinson grins, and Fry adds, of the Tommy’s proud rendition of the word “Boom” 14 times: “It is fine poetry; this was the age of modernism, after all. So Baldrick was perhaps the leading modern poet of his age.”
The marketplace, a one-stop shop to compare plans and prices, serves as an incentive for private insurance companies to compete for our business. Previously, insurance companies gave their best prices in a bulk, in most cases through an employer-based plan.
“She gave a wonderful speech that day,” Jeff Cwiklinski recalled.
“Donald, give me a f---ing break,” Mulvoy recalls telling him. “You’ve been hacking away in the . . . weeds all day. You do not lie there.”
But Reilly noted something else about playing with Trump that is echoed by others who have golfed with him: He had an amazing time. Trump played with confidence and bravado, he tipped the caddies, he gave great pointers that helped his comrades with problem swings. So what if he cheats? The guy is a lot of fun!
I was supposed to go to the Cross tonight but I thought I'd give it a miss, you know? Too many drunk people out and the casino was definitely going to be a bit safer - but obviously not.
Genetic scientists have warned that redheads are a dying breed and are likely to be extinct within 100 years. Due to the small percentage of redheads in the population it is rare to have two red headed parents which gives a higher chance of a redhaired baby.
“Politicians who seek high office, for example, should be disqualified for being stupid enough to think they can do it. Crime is not wrong because it is illegal, it is illegal because it is wrong. Cold War Communists ‘could cope with bankruptcy; they had never been anything but bankrupt, beginning with Karl Marx himself.’ Freedom is too fragile to put into words, so ‘if you write down your rights and freedoms, you lose them,'” the National Post gave as examples.
The decision to give up violence as a means of achieving their political goals comes at a time when large swathes of India are in the grip of a conflict between the Maoists and government security forces leading to the deaths of hundreds of paramilitary forces, the police, Maoist fighters and civilians caught in the crossfire.
She said on July 25, Gen Prayut gave in interview to the media and said “if this scheme isn’t wrong, how could it go all the way to the justice system.” She said the remark was tantamount to a conclusion that she was guilty despite the fact that the court has not yet had a judgement.
The Goddess of Everything Else gave a smile and spoke in her sing-song voice saying: “I scarcely can blame you for being the way you were made, when your Maker so carefully yoked you. But I am the Goddess of Everything Else and my powers are devious and subtle. So I do not ask you to swerve from your monomaniacal focus on breeding and conquest. But what if I show you a way that my words are aligned with the words of your Maker in spirit? For I say unto you even multiplication itself when pursued with devotion will lead to my service.”
The Goddess of Cancer came forth from the fire and saw things had only grown worse in her absence. The lean, lovely winnowing born out of pure competition and natural selection had somehow been softened. She stretched out her left hand and snapped its cruel pincer, and said what she always says: “KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER”. She said these things not to the flocks or the tribes, but to each individual; many, on hearing took food from the communal pile, or stole from the weak, or accepted the presents of others but would not give back in their turn. Each wolf at the throats of the others in hopes to be alpha, each lion holding back during the hunt but partaking of meat that the others had killed. And the pride and the pack seemed to groan with the strain, but endured, for the works of the Goddess of Everything Else are not ever so easily vanquished.
Chance invited Maxey and DEAFinitely Dope to join him onstage for two shows in Miami and Tampa—where Maxey's friends from the Florida deaf community turned up in force. Then DEAFinitely Dope tagged along to Wisconsin and Delaware for shows before becoming the official ASL interpreters of the rest of Chance the Rapper's 2017 tour. At every show he can, Chance gives away free tickets to deaf and hard-of-hearing fans.
Chance himself recognizes there’s an opportunity—a need, even—to connect with people like Annie. “One of the most important things I can do on tour is give access to all people, to all fans,” Chance writes. “No one should feel excluded from my show. So it was a blessing to meet Matt and DEAFinitely Dope, to help welcome the deaf community.”
The ZiP is actually comfortable enough to hold. The contours molded into the sides of the frame give right-handed shooters places to rest their thumbs, indexed index fingers, etc. It will work for lefties but not so much. That said, the grip angle is exactly vertical, and if you think a Block is glocky, you clearly haven’t held a ZiP yet.
“The MOC was telling us how important it was for us to keep Sheikh Miskeen, they kept telling us ‘hold on, don’t give up’,” said a leading rebel commander, describing an increasingly desperate battle for the town.
Mt. Pulaski, a Purple Heart Community, is a few miles west of the Geographic Center of Illinois and is in southern Logan County. Main highways such as Illinois Route 54 and State Highway 121 along with County Highways 1 and 10 passes through the outskirts of town. These highways give residents and visitors the ease of traveling to and from surrounding cities such as Lincoln, Bloomington, Decatur, Springfield, Clinton, and villages such as Elkhart and Illiopolis. Mt. Pulaski is a short distance from major interstates such as I-55, 155, I-72, and U.S. Route 51.
There are a lot of mystery and sci-fi elements to Under the Dome. Do you worry about how much mystery, or how many questions, to give the audience?
At the end of season one, there are a few unanswered questions dangling. How do you balance how many answers to give your audience at the end of the season while still making them come back for more in season two?
I don’t think there’s any formula, per se. You want to give the audience some satisfaction, so we answered what was behind this big mystery of the dome, but still we ended with some questions about what’s going to happen to Barbie.
What kind of hints, however small, can you give us about what’s to come in season two when the show returns in June?
"I wanted something … something that would give me private personal pleasure, like when I pass by and catch a glimpse of a picture of my mom, or my old manager. People who are gone now," says Cranston, whose wife says he is not a tattoo guy. "And it seemed appropriate. I mean, 'Breaking Bad' changed my life."
Update: Let’s discuss another aspect of this idea. NATO is a fairly contiguous group of countries which are relatively easy to defend, in terms of lines of communication and supply. The toughest member to support would probably be Turkey, although some troop movements could be possible through Greece and Bulgaria if needed, and the Mediterranean Sea gives the West broad access if northern Africa doesn’t become too hostile. Note, however, where Georgia is on the map — all the way on the other side of Turkey, who has become a lot less reliable over the last few years as an ally, with Iran close by. If called to respond to a Russian incursion under Article V, NATO would have no easy task in getting to the front with any force, while the Russians could roll across Georgia rather quickly.
"Boss, just tek mi number and call mi when you coming. All you have to do is give mi a thing and mi will take any number of loads (of garbage) you have," one operator of an illegal dump told The Sunday Gleaner team.
"This is a very emotional subject but police forces, police officers using force, that is one of our absolute key responsibilities that the public have chosen to give us.
Acknowledging the crowds, the president waved, pointed and gave a thumbs-up, which prompted squeals from a group of schoolgirls. Dozens of people swarmed around the clubhouse snapping photos and waving as the president occasionally approached the window.
Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannGillibrand becomes latest candidate scrutinized for how she eats on campaign trail Trump will give State of Union to sea of opponents Yes, condemn Roseanne, but ignoring others is true hypocrisy MORE (R-Minn.) introduced her own bill to keep the entire pay freeze intact and said some legislative response is needed.
You mentioned in previous interviews that the Druid/Patron/Handlock metagame at the EU qualifiers was extremely favorable for you. Can you give your insights on what the metagame will be like at Blizzcon and whether it'll be equally as favorable?
The lesson to take from this is that the truly historic component of the 2016 Republican contest isn’t the number of votes Trump is getting or that his opponents have earned. It’s that so many people in total have come out to vote. Of course, contra Trump’s insistence that he’s bringing people out in droves to give him their support, an awful lot of those people would rather vote for someone else.
These pro-forma, A4 sheets give basic information, including start and finish times for each act, length of interval, details of any absentees and who covered their roles. Sometimes a performance is momentarily brought to life by the section headed "Remarks" or, latterly, "Comments". Here, stage managers always hope to write "Full house. Clean show. Standing ovation", and, far more often than not, no problems are noted. But in live theatre it will never be all right every night…
Social welfare and other nonprofit groups galloped into the post-Citizens United era with an inherent advantage over overtly political groups: They could hide the source of their funding, regardless of whether those sources were corporations, individuals or other special interests. And they’re only required tell the FEC the names of donors who give money to help produce specific ads — something that rarely happens.
The retreat on investigations gives nonprofit groups the impression they can bend the IRS’ rules, which may not be clear in the first place, Borenstein said.
Today’s WeChat Essential Tip is a little more advanced. We are going to give you a step by step guide on how to set up your own personal shop and start selling on WeChat using Weidian (English name: YouShop). Yes, you too can be part of the Chinese mobile commerce revolution!
Saudi Arabia gives women the right to a copy of their marriage contract
It’s time for the taxpayer-funded Oakland Public Ethics Commission and the city attorney to speak up. At the very least, the Oakland City Council should give censure another try to let the public know it “gets it” and that such behavior by an elected official is unacceptable.
Although both members of Drexciya remained completely anonymous throughout their active recording career, James Stinson was identified posthumously in 2002 after dying aged 32 of heart complications. The other member of the duo was Gerald Donald. The members of Drexciya did not allow themselves to be photographed, although they gave interviews, throughout one of which they wore Star Trek masks to conceal their identity.
Gerald Donald went on to produce music under many names including Arpanet, Glass Domain, Heinrich Mueller, Intellitronic, Japanese Telecom, Abstract Thought, Der Zyklus, Dopplereffekt, Elecktroids, Ectomorph, Flexitone, Black Replica, Zwischenwelt and L.A.M. (Life After Mutation). Drexciya was a later techno group from Detroit. Drexciya combined a faceless, underground, anti-mainstream media stance with mythological, sci-fi narratives, to help heighten the dramatic effect of their music. In this respect they were similar to artists within and close to the Detroit collective Underground Resistance.Their name referred to a myth comparable to Plato's myth of Atlantis, which the group revealed in the sleeve notes to their 1997 album The Quest. ÒDrexciyaÓ was an underwater country populated by the unborn children of pregnant African women thrown off of slave ships that had adapted to breathe underwater in their mother's wombs. Member James Stinson claimed to have come up with idea in a dream.Although both members of Drexciya remained completely anonymous throughout their active recording career, James Stinson was identified posthumously in 2002 after dying aged 32 of heart complications. The other member of the duo was Gerald Donald. The members of Drexciya did not allow themselves to be photographed, although they gave interviews, throughout one of which they wore Star Trek masks to conceal their identity.Gerald Donald went on to produce music under many names including Arpanet, Glass Domain, Heinrich Mueller, Intellitronic, Japanese Telecom, Abstract Thought, Der Zyklus, Dopplereffekt, Elecktroids, Ectomorph, Flexitone, Black Replica, Zwischenwelt and L.A.M. (Life After Mutation).
That professional skeptics don't believe in a creator is perhaps not all that surprising. Lynn argues, however, that it is their intelligence that directly gives rise to the boffinated classes' non-God-bothering tendencies. He said: "Why should fewer academics believe in God than the general population? I believe it is simply a matter of the IQ. Academics have higher IQs than the general population."
"They won't give up, you know," stated Harry. "Even with me gone, they'll fight against you every step of the way."
"All you have to do is give us the location of the Order's headquarters. We know that you are utilizing an illegal Fidelius Charm to cloak your hideout. Break the charm, and we'll use Stun Gas to overtake the hideout. No blood needs to be spilt."
Therefore, in preparation for this review, I have also played a game on the epic map size with an AI difficulty of brutal, which is the highest difficulty mode available. Obviously, this not only tests the AI’s capabilities, but also gave me some insight into how well performance held up under the most extreme conditions the game has on offer. For that reason, I also played the game on both my desktop and my laptop.
The bank teller reported that a man approached the counter and displayed a note announcing a robbery and he gave the man $4,017 from the money and the man exited the store, according to police.
Step 4: it’s time to set your machine. I normally set it to 60 seconds, which gives me a great syrupy tasting brew. Alternatively, 35 seconds gives me a cleaner liquid, almost like I’ve used a Chemex. However, different vacuum machines have different settings so feel free to tweak with yours.
U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration formally gave notice in May it wants to renegotiate the deal, labelling it obsolete and unfair to American workers.
There are over 1000 billionaires-- most are the enemy. We must eliminate the billionaires, literally take away their money and the power it gives them. They are a danger to democracy.
Though the increased government oversight may leave our wallets a little lighter around April, this is a necessary step towards mass adoption. Despite early adopters actively opposing any sort of government involvement, with many initially participating in the crypto movement to give a concerted middle finger to traditional governmental and financial systems, most mainstream and institutional investors do not share that sentiment. They are unwilling to purchase an asset if there is a chance that the legality of the very asset class itself may be suddenly challenged or changed, causing the value to tank overnight. A parallel can be seen in the marijuana business, which struggled (and still struggles) to obtain institutional backing. Remember, mass adoption is key to long term price growth and sustainability, with regulation being a necessary evil to attain that end.
We want to give an honorable mention to MSI and the 1080 Ti Gaming X (Amazon), here: The Twin Frozr cooler remains the most effective dual-fan solution we’ve tested this year, and is able to leverage its larger fans to spin at lower, quieter RPMs than some of its competition. The Twin Frozr design isn’t the best by raw numbers, but has an excellent mix of noise-to-cooling performance, and manages this at a lower price than some of the flat-out best coolers, like the Strix. That price reduction matters, and to offer a competitive cooler at a lower price, MSI gets an honorable mention. We are interested to see how the company improves its dual-fan design for 2018.
Our next category is for Best Technology, which is assigned to the card that made the biggest contribution to the underlying tech in an AIB partner card for 2017. This one goes to the EVGA ICX cards (Amazon), responsible for implementing NTC thermistors across the entire PCB, improving VRM cooling by increasing baseplate surface area, and significantly overhauling ACX after the Great Thermal Pad Incident of 2016. Video cards don’t change much generationally, so to see a company move to install thermistors on critical non-GPU components is big. It may not seem like it to the average user, but if you think about it from a testing perspective, ICX gives us new tools to improve thermal testing accuracy of aftermarket coolers, water cooling blocks, and validate our own external case temperature measurements of VRMs with NTC thermistor measurements. ICX has become a tool for benchmarking, as it’s easy to measure temperatures of components that would usually go unrecognized. This comes at a time when other manufacturers have dropped the ball on VRM thermals, like Zotac with the Amp Extreme and its poor thermal performance when compared to the sheer mass of the cooler. As GPUs continue to reduce power consumption and cards get smaller, temperatures of components other than the GPU core become increasingly relevant. ICX complements what we do with our own thermocouples, and has become an important tool for testing other cooler designs.
"We felons. You know what I'm saying? Ain't nobody gonna give us no jobs. The cops don't give a f*** about us."
You should definitely read Eric Williams “Capitalism and Slavery” for yourself as I’ve only offered a brief outline. It is written with a delightful irony. I also recommend C. L. R. James “Black Jacobins” which does a great job of showing how slavery fueled french economic growth and unlike Williams who deliberately avoids the topic, gives a nightmarish picture of what life was like for the slaves on the sugar plantations. I’ve just begun reading Gerald Horne’s “Negro Comrades of the Crown” and I highly recommend it as well. Horne is a master at bringing suppressed history vividly to life and I’ll smile whenever I hear the year 1812 I’ll imagine angry slaves burning the white house and stealing president Madison’s silver ware.
Many market watchers say occasional corrections are a healthy phenomenon over the long term and give investors an opportunity to add to their holdings at a lower cost.
We involve the whole team in the process. We, designers, are not lonely fighters. We are connectors. Connectors between users, developers and business leaders. We arrange workshops which gives us a great opportunity to gather the whole team together so we can brainstorm or make decisions cooperatively. And last but not at least, the final wireframes are better than any written specification. They show every feature and how they work.
We need developers to tell us if an idea is too difficult to build. And we need business leaders as well to settle clear business goals and to help us focus on them during the design process. We also need them to give us access to existing customers for testing the product. It’s impossible to design a product for people who you haven’t met before.
"By printing out and scanning the documents at CIA expense, I was able to begin making them freely available to the public and to give the agency a financial incentive to simply put the database online," Best wrote in a blog post.
John Paul II, in his Theology of the Body , pushes back against the Cartesian depersonalization of the body and rightly presses home the point that man does not simply have a body, but in a certain sense is a body. Thus sex, in as much as it is the union of the male and female bodies, is properly (and theologically) understood as a form of personal communion”a gift of self. When a man pursues a woman sexually what he desires (even if he does not realize it) is not simply the surrendering of her body to him as a material object, but rather her personal openness to receive him as a gift. In sex the man offers himself to the woman as a gift, and he finds his joy in her opening herself to receive him as the gift he offers of himself. And she, for her part, finds her joy in yielding herself to another before whom she is vulnerable, who seeks her joy in the giving of himself, who uses his strength to bless rather than totalize. And in this way she too is gift to him, for she gives herself as gift to him in that she opens within herself a place for him to dwell, trusting and receiving the mans gift of self, and returning it in like kind. And mostMost significantly, this mutual giving and receiving of the self results in new life”a child, an expression of personal communion so profound that it actually has the power to instantiate the imago Dei .
Christ offers himself as gift to us in offering of his body (both on the cross, and in the supper); and we give ourselves as gift to Christ in the free surrender of ourselves to him, that we might joyfully receive him as gift. Most significantly, he himself is the gift of grace that we receive, and we ourselves are the gift of faith that we give to Christ. We find our joy in opening to him and making room for him to dwell within us, and he finds his joy in placing himself”his life via his Holy Spirit”inside of us, and being joyfully received by us. And this free exchange of selves, whereby the church becomes one with Christ, and Christ becomes one with the church, is, as every baptism attests, inevitably a life-producing union.
"Since then he has been on the road to recovery. He's turned his life around. He goes to the gym, he's given up alcohol and gives his all to fighting back and helping others."
Since Abe’s first 12-month stint as prime minister in 2006, Akie has gotten used to life in the spotlight. She is now more comfortable with her husband staying on for a third straight term as party leader and prime minister, particularly to give the world a strong leader at a time when U.S. policy is uncertain after Donald Trump’s election win.
For instance, while hosting Minnesota-based radical anti-gay pastor Bradlee Dean in 2011, Jones said that “all over the country, it is a fact” that gay people are “recruiting 7-year-olds.” “They teach children sexual acts that can kill you,” he added. Later, Jones defended Chick-fil-A’s donations to anti-gay groups, and gave Dean a platform on InfoWars.com to attack the “homosexual agenda.”
The DIG asked the station officer of the women’s police station to take the matter in her hands and give counselling to the girl. The female inspector got in touch with the boy and talked to the couple to search for better options for a better future.
Repeated requests over the last two years to interview Khadr have been denied by government officials citing a section of a policy known as the “commissioner’s directive.” Internal emails obtained by The Canadian Press show one interview request, made soon after Khadr arrived in Canada in 2012 and was incarcerated at the Millhaven Institution, was approved by the warden, only to be overturned 90 minutes later by the office of the public safety minister. Meanwhile, Khadr has been visited by teachers, lawyers, students, relatives and other members of the public who have become involved in his case during his incarceration in Ontario and Alberta. Federal inmates are permitted to give interviews unless a warden finds that the risk is too great to staff and inmates, or to the operations of the facility — a decision that should be independent, free from political interference, said Sapers.
“If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken. Every day is going to be a fight," Bannon had said earlier this year. "That is the promise of Donald Trump.”
Before I examine a child, I usually try to interact with him/her a bit and chat with the parents, and give the child time to get used to me. As I often do, I asked the mother my standard question, “Are you reading to him?”
She gave me a puzzled look, and then said, “You told me to.” She then related to me how all of her children had developed an interest in books, and that her oldest, the 9 year old, was reading all the time. I don’t often get emotional in the ER, but I choked up a little bit when she told me that.
That’s why I think I got choked up. It didn’t take me 60 seconds to talk to that mother about reading; but for the few seconds I gave her, her life, and her 5 children’s lives, were dramatically changed for the better. We think of medicine as saving people’s lives. In this case, maybe I saved several people’s lives; but unlike a more conventional view of medicine, I did not simply restore them to what they were before. Maybe I helped to make them much better, maybe I gave them a life that was larger, and fuller, and happier.
Anyway, after I started giving parents my suggestions about reading, with time I began developing a whole little talk for new parents. Follows is the full version, with three basic points. I almost never give new parents the full talk, I usually just give some abbreviated form. I once had a grandmother complain to the administration about this, even though I was speaking to her daughter, the mother; and the daughter certainly listened attentively to what I said. But it’s worth an occasional complaint. Where else do we have the opportunity to create so much progress, with so little time and effort?
Children figure out most of what they need to do, and how they need to behave, if we just give them some time, and have a little faith. Give them lots of praise and patience, and discipline them as little as you think you can get away with.
Jewish philanthropist Joseph Gottdenker, himself a Holocaust survivor, says Yad Vashem gives a voice and a name to each person who perished, “and restores to them the dignity of living history.” “Holocaust education enables us to remember the lessons of the past and provides guidance to a more tolerant, hopeful and brighter future,” Gottdenker said. In 2011, the school hosted 67 seminars for educators and lay leaders around the world, twice the numbers held in recent years. Baird, a black skull cap perched on his head, emphasized the importance of Yad Vashem and its new 4,100-square-metre facility in documenting and teaching the lessons of the Holocaust. “There is no better friend to Israel than Canada,”Baird said. “We shall always be there for you, and in front of you.”
Last week, Fueling California held an invitation-only “technical workshop” for roughly 50 people at a hotel in Burbank. The daylong event, which was closed to the media, was attended by representatives from oil companies and the natural gas and biofuels industry. Assemblywoman Susan Bonilla, D-Concord, who has four refineries in her East Bay district, gave closing remarks.
Eoin Doyle's penalty - his 22nd goal this season - gave the visitors hope.
Earlier this year, Kennedy had said that substantial portions of the curriculum "contradict Catholic teachings." When asked which portions of the curriculum did so, she declined to give specifics.
After his guilty pleas, an Alabama judge ordered Bentley to serve one year of unsupervised probation, make restitution and give up his retirement benefits from the state. He also agreed not to run for another political office, Brooks said.
Inverted cards: since inverted cards usually carry a negative meaning I tend to see them as the thrill of the tarot reading. Some readers do not inverse the cards, but I need some potential for bad news. Though one of my ground rules is that even bad news is good news. The whole purpose is to inspire a sense of the heroic in the querent, so to give bad news is to find the silver lining.
Using this reading as a therapeutic story telling narrative, I chose to interpret my endgame as manifesting these aspects of the High Priestess: In readings, the High Priestess poses a challenge to you to go deeper – to look beyond the obvious, surface situation to what is hidden and obscure. She also asks you to recall the vastness of your potential and to remember the unlimited possibilities you hold within yourself. The High Priestess can represent a time of waiting and allowing. It is not always necessary to act to achieve your goals. Sometimes they can be realized through a stillness that gives desire a chance to flower within the fullness of time.
To this day, I find her writings paradoxically attractive. I am a Christian Hedonist. This is partly why her work is alluring to me. She had her own brand of hedonism. It was not traditional hedonism that says whatever gives you pleasure is right. Hers was far more complex than that. It seems so close and yet so far to what I find in the Bible. So in this essay, my goals are to introduce Ayn Rand, to describe briefly her impact as a novelist and philosopher, and to assess her ethical theory from a Christian perspective—specifically from the perspective of Christian Hedonism. Though the original form of this essay was written almost thirty years ago, I have had to change very little.
Miss Rand is a profoundly poor writer. To say that her plots are absurdly tendentious, her characters no more than wooden puppets and her diction utterly without grace or beauty (all of which is quite true) is to give no real idea of the quality of her novels, they are completely bad from conception to expression.13
Do not say that you’re afraid to trust your mind because you know so little. Are you safer in surrendering to mystics and discarding the little you do know? Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hock-shops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error. (FNI, 178; AS, 982)
Since your values are determined by the reality of who you are as a rational man, the struggle to achieve your values is the struggle to live. But the ambition and effort to experience life as a man is merely the existential form of the ambition (in psychological form) to be happy (VS, 29). Rand makes it very clear that by happiness she does not mean just any kind of pleasure. Self-interest must be qualified by “rational” (VS, 60): only that which is proper to a rational being is good and the ground of true happiness (VS, 23). This is why she opposes traditional hedonism which declares that “the proper value is whatever gives you pleasure” (VS, 30).
But if Ayn Rand was wrong about God, if he exists, and, as St. Paul said, “made the world and everything in it . . . and is not served by human hands, as though he needed anything, since he himself gives to all men life and breath and everything” (Acts 17:24f), if such a God exists (and Ayn Rand offered no argument to the contrary, only the assertion),30 then a radically new dimension of reality must be reckoned with and a corresponding new value should guide man’s behavior.
Since Ayn Rand had no place for a sovereign all-sufficient God who cannot be traded with, she did not reckon with any righteous form of mercy. All the antagonists of her books were corrupt by almost any standard and surely by a Christian one. It is indeed evil to love a person “for their vices”; it is evil “to give unearned respect” (AS, 367). But mercy in the Christian sense is not respect, nor is it a payment for someone’s vices. It is not “because of” vices, but “in spite of” vices. It is not intended to reward evil, but to reveal the bounty of God who cannot be traded with but only freely admired and enjoyed. It aims not to corrupt or compromise integrity, but to transform the values of the enemy into the values of Christ. While it may mean the sacrifice of some temporal pleasures, it is never the sacrifice of my values and so is never self-less. But the sacrifice of lower values to higher ones—a night’s rest for the timely delivery of a steel shipment—such sacrifice Ayn Rand believed in deeply.
That is where the original essay ended. She was living at the time. She died on March 6, 1982. I sent her a copy with a personal letter, pleading that she rethink her ethics by taking all of reality into account, namely, the all-embracing reality of God. I don’t know if she ever received or read the letter or the essay. Her way of looking at the world strikes me still today in 2007 as amazingly perceptive and tragically provincial. So much in the world is seen so with a kind of truncated accuracy. But leaving God out of account distorts all reality. May the Lord give us eyes to see the world with as much sharpness as Ayn Rand, and with far more fullness and truth.
So We responded to him, and We gave to him Yahya, and amended (Aslahna) for him his wife. Indeed, they used to hasten to good deeds and supplicate Us in hope and fear, and they were to Us humbly submissive. Quran 21:90
If companies like Twitter, Vine and Reddit give in to the league, these crawlers would certainly wipe out some of the media content uploaded by fans. But it wouldn’t eliminate all of it. As someone who has experience in the video editing world, I’ll just say that professional editors have tricks up their sleeves to get around this kind of thing. Look no further than Major League Baseball, for example.
*Correction, March 6, 2017, at 6:01 p.m.: An earlier version of this post misstated the time Woods was scheduled to give his keynote address.
He wasn’t. The day after the attack, on September 12, he gave a Rose Garden speech in which he said, in reference to the assault, “No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation.” At campaign stops that day and the next, he again referred to the Benghazi assault as “an act of terror.” A McClatchy report sums up the evidence: “In the first 48 hours after the deadly Sept. 11 attacks on U.S. diplomatic outposts in Libya, senior Obama administration officials strongly alluded to a terrorist assault and repeatedly declined to link it to an anti-Muslim video that drew protests elsewhere in the region, transcripts of briefings show.”
Musk didn't clarify who exactly gave the company verbal approval and whether or not it came from different state representatives. But he said the company will build an underground tunnel that will connect the two major cities.
The alleged robbery attempt occurred on Feb. 28 at the First Community Bank inside the Safeway store at Corte Madera Town Center. The robber gave a teller a demand note but received no money and fled in a red vehicle.
The Influence of Prior Corporate Social Responsibility on Corporate Social Irresponsibility Over the past few decades, firm stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and employees, have put increasing pressure on firms to manage their interests; in other words, firms are increasingly expected to heed the calls of their multiple stakeholders. When firms are able to successfully manage these myriad demands, they are deemed socially responsible (Freeman, 1984). As business practitioners’ demands and academics’ understanding of CSR have become finer grained, so too have the definitions of CSR. Greenwood (2007) suggests CSR exists along a continuum anchored at one end by firms that actively engage with and act in the interest of varied stakeholders (i.e., are responsible) and anchored at the other end by firms that have more limited interactions with and may act in the interest of only powerful stakeholders (i.e., are irresponsible). Others have argued that although responsibility and irresponsibility are related constructs, they are distinct and thus should not be considered as opposite ends of the same continuum (Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Oikonomou, Brooks, & Pavelin, 2012; Strike et al., 2006). This more recent distinction between CSR and CSiR highlights that they both involve action toward stakeholders and that firms can potentially engage in both CSR and CSiR. We adopt this view and consider stakeholder management to involve both CSR, or actions that attend to the interests of multiple stakeholders beyond just shareholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007), as well as CSiR, or actions that negatively affect stakeholders (Strike et al., 2006). Examples of CSR include charitable giving within a community, providing employees flexible work arrangements such as flextime, and ensuring the quality of consumer goods. Examples of CSiR include actions that have resulted in controversies concerning the firm's economic impact on the community, gender discrimination, and designing and selling unsafe products and services (Kaptein, 2008). In short, the more positive actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially responsible a firm is deemed, whereas the more negative actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially irresponsible a firm is deemed (Strike et al., 2006). Given these distinctions between CSR and CSiR, a growing body of research has sought to understand and clarify their relationship. In a first examination of the CSR–CSiR relationship, Strike and colleagues (2006) found that international diversification led to both CSR and CSiR, suggesting that firms could simultaneously be responsible and irresponsible toward their stakeholders. Additional evidence for this relationship can be drawn from Mattingly and Berman (2006), who found that environmental CSR was positively correlated with concurrent environmental CSiR. They noted, “perhaps firms that tend to adopt environmentally friendly programs are often those that tend also to cause harm or to extract from it” (p. 34) and suggested that further research into this positive correlation between CSR and CSiR was needed. Other research finds that socially irresponsible behavior (i.e., CSiR) sets the stage for subsequent socially responsible behavior (i.e., CSR; e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For example, Muller and Kräussl (2011) found that companies with poor social reputations were more likely to make disaster relief donations after Hurricane Katrina than were companies with positive social reputations. The key argument underlying these studies is that firms offset their negative reputation by engaging in CSR. Although this research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of why CSiR influences CSR, researchers have yet to explore whether the opposite relationship occurs such that CSR influences CSiR. In addition, although previous research on the link between CSR and CSiR has primarily taken a firm‐level approach, we propose that a more micro‐level approach would be useful to disentangle the linkages between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we draw upon strategic leadership theory and psychological licensing research to examine the role of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR. Below, we briefly review these approaches. With regard to the strategic leadership approach, one fundamental tenet is that leaders (e.g., the CEO and senior executives who comprise the TMT) typically make decisions regarding the firm's strategic direction, including social performance policies (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Hambrick & Mason, 1984; Thomas & Simerly, 1994; Wood, 1991). Thus, we approach our understanding of how CSR relates to CSiR through an examination of the ways in which leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR relate to their subsequent CSiR decisions. Research on psychological licensing can help us understand how leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR can influence later CSiR. Psychological licensing refers to perceiving that one can behave in a potentially socially undesirable way without fear of discrediting his or her self‐image (Miller & Effron, 2010). Whether an individual feels licensed or not is based on one's past behavior (Monin & Miller, 2001). For instance, having been a healthy eater for 11 months out of the year, one may feel licensed to indulge during the holiday season. In this way, one can still feel as though they are a healthy person because the 11 months of healthy eating bolsters one's self‐image and, therefore, diminishes the risk of discrediting him‐ or herself as an unhealthy person. The concept of licensing in moral domains (termed moral licensing) is germane to our focus on CSiR. Moral licensing is the psychological process that leads people to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. According to moral licensing research, people desire to maintain a positive moral image not only to others but also to themselves (Mazar, Amir, & Ariely, 2008; Monin & Jordan, 2009; Monin & Miller, 2001). Therefore, they want to avoid engaging in actions that are morally discrediting or that signal to themselves or others that they are unethical (Monin & Miller, 2001). As in the case of general psychological licensing, when determining if an action will be morally discrediting, people look to their past behavior, and if “people can call to mind previous instances of their own socially desirable or morally laudable behaviors, they will feel more comfortable taking actions that could be seen as socially undesirable or morally questionable” (Miller & Effron, 2010, p. 118). A number of studies have shown that moral behavior leads to morally questionable behavior at the individual level. In one of the first demonstrations of this effect, Monin and Miller (2001) found that people who were given the opportunity to disagree with sexist statements (e.g., “Most women are better off at home taking care of the children”) were subsequently more likely to make a sexist decision about who to recruit for a manufacturing job. Monin and Miller termed this process of non‐prejudiced attitudes (i.e., socially desirable behavior) subsequently leading to prejudiced attitudes (i.e., morally questionable behavior) as “moral licensing.” This study highlights that moral licensing is domain specific such that engaging in moral behavior in one domain leads to immoral behavior in the same domain. Although a large body of research has demonstrated the domain‐specific nature of moral licensing, recent research also shows non‐domain specific moral licensing can occur such that being ethical in one domain licenses a person to be less ethical in another domain. Mazar and Zhong (2010) show that prior moral behavior (i.e., environmentalism) can lead to morally questionable behavior (i.e., giving less to charity) as well as clearly immoral behavior (i.e., lying in order to receive a greater payout). As applied to our research, these studies are important in that, first, moral licensing is argued to have occurred when moral behavior leads to either morally questionable behavior or clearly immoral behavior, and second, it can be either domain or nondomain specific. Not only does one's own past moral behavior license someone to subsequently engage in immoral behavior, but moral licensing research finds that people use the actions of their ingroup, or similar others, as a guide for their own future behavior. Drawing on research on identity and vicarious self‐concept theory (Goldstein & Cialdini, 2007), Kouchaki (2011) suggested that people incorporate aspects of important others into their own self‐concept and use others’ moral behavior to define who they are. Consequently, when ingroup members behave in a moral manner, individuals internalize this moral behavior as their own and feel licensed to engage in morally questionable behavior. The previously discussed findings on moral licensing give rise to the question of why people feel licensed to engage in immoral behavior after previously engaging in socially desirable behavior. One reason may be that moral behavior is like a monetary currency (or creates moral credits) that can be banked and then drawn on when one engages in less moral behavior (Sachdeva, Iliev, & Medin, 2009). Nisan's (1990, 1991) moral balance model first discussed this notion of moral credits, arguing that individuals aim to maintain moral balance (i.e., balance between good and bad deeds) and use past behavior to determine their balance. After a person feels he or she has engaged in enough moral behavior to achieve moral balance, they are subsequently more likely to engage in immoral behavior. This inconsistent behavior (i.e., immoral behavior after moral behavior) is thought to stem from people's tendency toward self‐interest (desire to be less moral) on the one hand and their tendency to behave according to social norms (desire to appear moral) on the other hand (Beruchashvili, Gentry, & Price, 2006; Nisan, 1990; Sachdeva et al., 2009). In a series of survey studies, Nisan (1991) found support for the moral balance model. We draw on Nisan's moral balance argument to suggest that, after making strategic CSR decisions, leaders are more likely to engage in unethical behavior because of the moral credits they believe they have accumulated. In summary, this past research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of moral licensing at the individual level within experimental settings; however, researchers have not explored whether and when moral licensing occurs within organizational contexts. The importance of studying moral licensing in an organizational context can be drawn from a recent study by Castilla and Benard (2010), which examined gender discrimination. In a set of scenario studies they found that meritocratic organizational values led participants to make gender‐biased decisions about bonuses. Castilla and Benard were not explicitly speaking to moral licensing research; however, their findings are in line with this research area and warrant further investigation of moral licensing at the organizational level. Although research has yet to examine moral licensing at the organizational level, we propose that, because top leaders influence firms’ strategic decision‐making processes (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Finkelstein, Hambrick, & Cannella, 2009), the implementation of a CSR strategy will license them to engage in organizational wrongdoing. Specifically, given that people desire to appear moral, top leaders may feel pressure to develop socially responsible strategies that consider the needs of multiple stakeholders. The development and implementation of a CSR strategy may help leaders create a moral image of themselves and their firm, and ultimately provide a sense of accumulated moral credits. For instance, prior to the Enron scandal, former CEO Kenneth Lay endowed chaired positions at universities as well as donated vast amounts of money to charity (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). Indeed, “upon his taking the helm of the corporate merger that resulted in Enron, Lay became a big player in the charitable and philanthropic environment of Houston, the state, and the nation” (Non‐Profit Quarterly, 2006). Such behavior on the part of the leader builds his social responsibility credits, which may license him to commit socially irresponsible behavior in the future. In other words, top leaders may feel that when they have acquired moral credits through a CSR strategy that balances the needs of multiple stakeholders, they can then put forth a strategy that cuts corners or is potentially harmful to stakeholders. A second route that prior CSR could lead to CSiR is through employees’ reactions to their leader's previous CSR strategy. Recall that when a person feels strongly identified with another individual or group, he or she internalizes their past moral behavior and subsequently is more likely to engage in unethical behavior (Kouchaki, 2011). Applied to organizations, employees who identify with their organizational leaders may feel that the prior CSR strategy set by these leaders licenses them to be less careful in their relationship with stakeholders. For example, recall Hayward's implementation of a safety culture at BP. BP employees may have felt that Hayward's actions and more broadly the firm's reputation for being safety conscious carried over to them and they may subsequently have been less careful about monitoring key safety warning signs. In sum, we argue that top leaders are in charge of making key strategic decisions that influence firm outcomes and that when they implement a CSR strategy it helps them accrue moral credits. These moral credits allow them to be less vigilant toward managing stakeholder needs or even engage in unethical behavior without discrediting themselves or their organization. Moreover, employees may feel licensed to engage in unethical behavior toward stakeholders because they have categorized their leader as part of their ingroup and internalized their past CSR action. Formally, we propose: Hypothesis 1: Prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR.
Method Sample We tested our predictions in a business context using a sample consisting of 49 publicly traded Fortune 500 organizations. The organizations examined in this paper were taken from a larger study examining the relationships among CEO characteristics, TMT processes, and firm performance during the time period 1996–2002 (see Wong et al., 2011, for details on the sampling process). Following Wong and her colleagues (2011), because of the qualitative nature of this study, we only examined firms from the 2002 Fortune 500 list that had a reasonable amount of media coverage (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period). From this process, the list was narrowed to 65 firms. For each of these 65 firms we then collected articles in the business press and books that described the behavior and personality of each firm's CEO. In order to be included in the sample, there needed to be sufficient information on the CEO to be able to complete an assessment using the California Adult Q‐sort, a forced distribution methodology that allows description of a person using first and third party data (CAQ; Block, 1961; Peterson, Smith, Martorana, & Owens, 2003). We used similar guidelines as those used to collect articles for previous at‐a‐distance research (i.e., at least 10 articles of approximately 1,000 words of media coverage during our time period; Peterson et al., 2003; Tetlock, Peterson, McGuire, Chang, & Feld, 1992; Wong et al., 2011). This narrowed our sample to 55 CEOs. Finally, we collected CSR and CSiR data on each firm. Due to missing data, our final sample included 49 organizations. For the organizations that had multiple CEOs during the 1996–2002 time period, we selected those CEOs who were in office during the latter part of our time period.2 The organizations in our sample represented a range of industries (e.g., retail, computer manufacturing) and had an average of $4.0 billion in sales and 138,429 full‐time employees. Examples of organizations in our sample include International Business Machines, Inc., Nike, Inc., and PepsiCo, Inc. Measures Independent variable: CSR Our measure of CSR was obtained from Kinder, Lydenberg, Domini Inc.'s (KLD) social ratings, which is a commonly used measure of CSR that is considered to be a comprehensive measure of multiple stakeholders’ needs (e.g., Agle, Mitchell, & Sonnefeld, 1999; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Strike et al., 2006). KLD ratings examine both positive action (i.e., strengths) and negative action (i.e., concerns) toward a variety of stakeholders. It should be noted that CSR is often measured as an aggregate of the KLD scores that subtracts KLD concerns from KLD strengths (Graves & Waddock, 1994; Hillman & Keim, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1995). However, recent research has suggested that KLD strengths and KLD concerns should be examined separately (e.g., Kacperczyk, 2009; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Strike et al., 2006). Following Strike and colleagues (2006), we utilize KLD strengths to measure CSR and KLD concerns to measure CSiR. The KLD strength ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's strengths along seven key stakeholder benchmarks (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights). Each benchmark is composed of multiple sub‐indicators. For each of these sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR strength. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR strength is when the organization has a history of strong union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR strength is the organization consistently gives more than 1.5% of its net earnings to charity. To obtain our measure of CSR we averaged each firm's KLD strengths scores for the seven benchmarks (Deckop, Merriman, & Gupta, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). Past research on CSR has found significant industry effects (e.g., Waddock & Graves, 1997), and therefore, following Agle et al. (1999) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSR score for each firm. In this study, we used KLD strengths data from 2001 to 2002 to create our CSR measure. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years. The average CSR score adjusted for industry was .48 (SD = .43). The higher the CSR score the more positive actions a firm engaged in toward its seven stakeholders. Independent variable: Moral identity symbolization The most common method utilized to assess moral identity is self‐report measures of the importance of moral traits in terms of centrality to self‐definition (internalization) as well as the extent to which one's behaviors emblemize these traits (symbolization; Aquino & Reed, 2002). Aquino and Reed (2002) developed a list of nine traits that describe a moral person: caring, compassionate, fair, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and kind. This list of traits is not meant to be exhaustive but rather representative of a moral person. In their study, participants were asked to imagine how a person who represented these traits would think, feel, and act and then respond to five items measuring internalization (e.g., “Being someone who has these characteristics is an important part of who I am”) and five items measuring symbolization through the behaviors, activities, and organizational memberships that reflected these traits (e.g., “I am actively involved in activities that communicate to others that I have these characteristics”). They correlated these self‐report scales with other methods of moral identity assessment including judges’ ratings of morality based on individuals’ descriptions of their personality and found for example that self‐ratings on moral identity symbolization were positively correlated with third party morality ratings (Study 4). Thus, Aquino and Reed not only identify moral identity traits but also indicate that third party observers can reliably assess moral identity symbolization. With regard to our study, because top leaders typically do not submit to lengthy psychological tests (Hambrick, 2007; Sumanth & Cable, 2011), we adapted the measurement method Aquino and Reed (2002) utilized in their fourth study by obtaining judges’ ratings of leaders’ moral identity symbolization based on publicly available information on their personal characteristics (i.e., behavior and personality). Specifically, we employed a Q‐sort methodology. The Q‐sort methodology asks evaluators to observe or read information on a person, group, or organization and then rank a set of statements or items in terms of how characteristic they are of the person (i.e., California Adult Q‐sort; Block, 1961), group (Group Dynamics Q‐sort; Peterson, Owens, Tetlock, Fan, & Martorana, 1998), or organizational culture (Organizational Culture Q‐sort, O'Reilly, Chatman, & Caldwell, 1991). One of the strengths of the Q‐sort methodology is that it combines “the descriptive richness of the qualitative approach with the rigor of a quantitative approach by creating a common data language” (Peterson, Owens, & Martorana, 1999, p. 107) that allows for comparisons among individuals, groups, or organizations across time and situations. Moreover, it is possible to utilize publicly available information to conduct the Q‐sort, thus allowing measurement of individuals or groups that are normally difficult to examine (Peterson et al., 1999). Because we were interested in examining individual leaders, we utilized the California Adult Q‐sort (CAQ; Block, 1961), which is composed of 100 items that describe an individual. Sample items from the CAQ include “Behaves in an assertive fashion; not afraid to express opinions; speaks up to get what s/he wants” and “Has a rapid personal tempo; behaves and acts quickly; is fast‐paced.” Research assistants, who were blind to the study's hypotheses, independently reviewed publicly available interviews and biographies of each CEO in our sample and then rated him/her in terms of each of the 100 items by sorting them into those that were most characteristic and least characteristic of the CEO. Our measure of moral identity symbolization was composed of seven CAQ items that were representative of moral traits (Aquino & Reed, 2002). The seven items of our moral identity symbolization scale were “Is dependable and responsible (CAQ item 2),” “Is giving, generous toward others (regardless of the motivation) (CAQ item 5),” “Behaves in a sympathetic and considerate manner (CAQ item 17),” “Is productive, gets things done (CAQ item 26),” “Has warmth; has capacity for close relationships, compassionate (CAQ item 35),” “Makes moral judgments; judges self and others in terms of right and wrong (regardless of the nature of the moral code, whether traditional or liberal) (CAQ item 41),” and “Behaves ethically; has a personal value system and is faithful to it (CAQ item 70).” These items overlap with Aquino and Reed's (2002) traits of caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, generous, helpful, hardworking, honest, and fair. For instance, Aquino and Reed's traits caring, compassionate, kind, friendly, and helpful relate to the CAQ items that focus on warmth, capacity for close relationships, sympathetic, considerate, and giving. Aquino and Reed's trait hardworking relates to the CAQ items that focus on being dependable and responsible, and being productive. Finally, Aquino and Reed's traits fair and honest can be seen in the CAQ items that mention morality and ethical behavior. The mean moral identity symbolization score was 6.68 (SD = .75) and was highly reliable (α = .81). The specific procedure for the CAQ is as follows. We first collected qualitative information on each CEO in our sample from books as well as the business press. To compile these information packets we searched for interviews, speeches, biographies, and autobiographies in the business press (e.g., Business Week, Fortune, and Forbes) and books that discussed the CEO's background, behaviors and personality. Each packet included biographies on the CEO from Marquis Biographies and the International Directory of Business Biographies, as well as multiple articles or interviews from the varied sources mentioned above. Articles or book chapters had to be at least 1,000 words in length to be included in the packet. Packets (i.e., total pages of articles) were required to be at a minimum 20 pages and at a maximum 50 pages (procedure adapted from Peterson et al., 2003). Research assistants were trained in a series of sessions. They were asked to read through a CEO's packet and write in the margins or mark areas that seemed of particular significance to the CAQ items. After reading through the packet, research assistants were asked to describe the CEO along the 100 CAQ items. Research assistants were told to rely on the information from the packet when making their assessments and disregard any prior knowledge or preconceived notions of the CEO. The specific procedure is as follows: Research assistants began the process by sorting the cards into three stacks, starting with Item 1. Each of the 100 CAQ items is presented on a 2×3 card, which was obtained from Mind Garden, Inc. In the first stack, coders placed those cards for which the qualities or traits were least characteristic of the CEO. In the second stack, research assistants placed all cards for which the qualities or traits were moderately characteristic of the CEO. And finally, the third stack included all cards for which the qualities or traits were most characteristic of the CEO. For this initial card sort, the research assistants were told that no attention needed to be paid to the number of cards falling into each grouping. Once the three stacks had been established, the coders were then told to further differentiate the items, or cards, into more categories, placing the least characteristic statements at one end and the most characteristic statements at the other until the items were rank ordered into one of nine categories that ranged from 1 = most uncharacteristic to 9 = most characteristic. Because the CAQ follows a forced distribution, research assistants were told to place fewer cards in the extremes (i.e., only five CAQ items can be rated a 1 and only five CAQ items can be rated 9) and more cards in the center categories (i.e., 18 CAQ items can be rated a 5). This process is advantageous compared to standard scale‐based measurements because it increases interrater reliability as well as the predictive power of the measure. At least two research assistants independently reviewed a CEO's qualitative packet and then individually rated the CEO on the 100 CAQ items. Our interrater reliability on our sample of 49 organizations ranged from α = .71 to α = .97 with an average of α = .84 (SD = .06). Thus, the research assistants’ scores were averaged to create one CAQ sort per CEO. Dependent variable: CSiR As with our measure of CSR, our measure of CSiR was obtained from KLD's CSR ratings, specifically the KLD concerns. The KLD concerns ratings are generated by ascertaining a firm's concerning behavior in relation to the same seven key stakeholders (community relations, diversity, employee relations, environment, product, corporate governance, and human rights), with each stakeholder benchmark composed of several sub‐indicators. For each of the stakeholder benchmark sub‐indicators, organizations are assigned a dichotomous rating of 1 or 0 for the presence of a CSR concern. For example, for the employee relations benchmark, a CSR concern is when the organization has poor union relations. For the community relations benchmark, an example of a CSR concern is the organization has engaged in controversial behavior that has negatively impacted a community's economics (e.g., reducing property value within a community). Following previous research (e.g., Strike et al., 2006), we averaged the KLD concerns scores along the seven key stakeholder benchmarks to measure CSiR. In addition, we controlled for firm industry by subtracting the industry mean from the CSiR score for each firm (Agle et al., 1999; Waldman, Siegel, & Javidan, 2006; Wong et al., 2011). In this study, our dependent variable was comprised of KLD concern data from 2003 to 2004 in order to cover the 2 years after the measure of our independent variable (i.e., CSR). However, additional analysis of time lags ranging between 1 and 4 years for our dependent variable indicate the same pattern of results. Following Agle and his colleagues (1999), we smoothed the data by averaging across the 2 years (i.e., 2003 and 2004). The average social irresponsibility score adjusted for industry was .50 (SD = .44). The higher the CSiR score, the more a firm engaged in negative actions toward the seven stakeholders. Control variables Previous research on social responsibility has found that it is related to firm financial performance (e.g., return on assets; see Margolis & Walsh, 2003 for a review). Thus, we control for industry‐adjusted firm financial performance using firm return on assets (Agle et al., 1999) averaged over the sample time period. In addition, following David and colleagues (2007) and Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we control for industry‐adjusted CSiR over the sample time period. Researchers have also noted the possible effects of firm size, and therefore we control for firm size (log of the average sales over the sample time period; e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1990; Graves & Waddock, 1994; Waddock & Graves, 1997). Following Waldman, Siegel, and Javidan (2006), we also control for CEO tenure (logged). Finally, because our CAQ packets varied in the number of pages, we control for packet length (in pages, logged). Industry data were collected from Dun & Bradstreet's Industry Norms and Key Business Ratios, firm data were obtained from COMPUSTAT, and data for CEO tenure were obtained from Dun and Bradstreet's Book of Corporate Managements.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
Once you have their money, you never give it back. (“The Nagus” [DS9]) Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to. (“The Maquis, Part II” [DS9]) Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. (“The Nagus” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]) Keep your ears open. (“In the Hands of the Prophets” [DS9]) Small print leads to large risk. (Legends of the Ferengi) Opportunity plus instinct equals profit. (“The Storyteller” [DS9]) Greed is eternal. (“Prophet Motive” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Anything worth doing is worth doing for money. (Legends of the Ferengi) A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along. (“Melora” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. (“Heart of Stone” [DS9]) Satisfaction is not guaranteed. (“Meridian” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Never place friendship above profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) A wise man can hear profit in the wind. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money. (“Acquisition” [ENT]) There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9]) Never insult a Ferengi’s mother. Insult something he cares about instead. (“The Siege” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) It never hurts to suck up to the boss. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) War is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Siege of AR-558” [DS9]) Peace is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Perfect Mate” [TNG]) She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) Profit is its own reward. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never confuse wisdom with luck. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t trust a man wearing a better suit than yours. (“Rivals” [DS9]) The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Never ask when you can take. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Babel” [DS9]) Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. (“Armageddon Game” [DS9]) There is no substitute for success. (Legends of the Ferengi) Free advice is seldom cheap. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Keep your lies consistent. (Legends of the Ferengi) The riskier the road, the greater the profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “Little Green Men” [DS9], “Business as Usual” [DS9]) Win or lose, there’s always Huyperian beetle snuff. (Legends of the Ferengi) Knowledge equals profit. (“Inside Man” [VGR]) Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum. (“Civil Defense” [DS9]) Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (“The Homecoming” [DS9]) Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge. (Legends of the Ferengi) The flimsier the product, the higher the price. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never let the competition know what you’re thinking. (Legends of the Ferengi) Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits. (Legends of the Ferengi) Females and finances don’t mix. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9], “Profit and Lace” [DS9]) Expand or die. (“False Profits” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]*) Enough... is never enough. (Legends of the Ferengi) Every man has his price. (“In the Pale Moonlight” [DS9]) Trust is the biggest liability of all. (Legends of the Ferengi) Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever. (“The Jem’Hadar” [DS9]) Sleep can interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Faith moves mountains... of inventory. (Legends of the Ferengi) There is no honor in poverty. (Legends of the Ferengi) Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack. (“Rivals” [DS9]) Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9], “The Darkness and the Light” [DS9]) Never have sex with the boss’s sister. (“Playing God” [DS9]) Always have sex with the boss. (Legends of the Ferengi) Everything is for sale, even friendship. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) You can’t make a deal if you’re dead. (“The Siege of AR-558” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Wives serve, brothers inherit. (“Necessary Evil” [DS9]) Only fools pay retail. (Legends of the Ferengi) There’s nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Know your enemies... but do business with them always. (Legends of the Ferengi) Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money. (Legends of the Ferengi) Hear all, trust nothing. (“Call to Arms” [DS9]) Never cheat a Klingon... unless you’re sure you can get away with it. (Legends of the Ferengi) It’s always good to know about new customers before they walk in your door. (“Whispers” [DS9]) The justification for profit is profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. (“Little Green Men” [DS9]) Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success. Don’t hesitate to step on them. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach. (“The Maquis, Part I” [DS9]) You can’t free a fish from water. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9]) Always know what you’re buying. (Legends of the Ferengi, “The Abandoned” [DS9]) Beware the man who doesn’t make time for oo-mox. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Profit and Loss” [DS9]) Latinum lasts longer than lust. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) You can’t buy fate. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never be afraid to mislabel a product. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) More is good. All is better. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wife is a luxury. A smart accountant is a necessity. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t let doubt interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) When in doubt, lie. (Legends of the Ferengi) Deep down, everyone’s a Ferengi. (Legends of the Ferengi) No good deed ever goes unpunished. (“The Collaborator” [DS9], “The Sound of Her Voice” [DS9])
The infighting has gone on long enough. Now is the time for BPT and TNMOC to work together. Let’s help them to do that by not taking sides, but by encouraging them to work together and by supporting them both. They need our help. Let’s give it to them. Lest we forget.
Long after the computer replaced the typewriter and hot metal gave way to offset printing, I still love the tactile touch of keys and the message it sends to me that I am, once again, crafting a story for people to read.
However, even though defeat was a formality, a raving lunatic was in charge. Hitler inexplicably insisted every German should fight to the death. Anyone with half a brain would have long since brought out the white flag! Just to give you an idea, imagine Hitler surrendering at the end of 1944. How many lives do you think would have been saved? You see the truth of what occurred in 1945 in terms of casualties has never been told. Here's something for you to digest - MORE PEOPLE DIED IN 1945 THAN IN THE ENTIRE WAR PRIOR! ........ Takes some believing ....... yet it's true. The vast majority of deaths in the camps occurred in the final months of the war when the Germans were well and truly in retreat. Then there was the carpet bombing of Germany and Japan which killed millions of civilians. There was the street to street fighting which inevitably incurred horrific losses - the Russians lost 100,000 men merely taking Berlin!
To say something is terribly amiss is a chronic understatement. Historical events should always be open to question not just because the winners write the history books but because everything should be open to question! It is our right, most especially when there's little or no evidence to corroborate the story we're being told. Yet hold the phone - now they want to make it illegal to criticize Israel. You see that would be anti-Semitic....... but wait - Zionists aren't Semitic..... the Palestinians are though; so are the Iraqis! This whole sordid affair has long since past the farcical stage. Zionists don't want people to question the Holocaust for 2 main reasons - firstly, for 70 years it's acted as a tool to draw sympathy and so justify the creation of Israel as well as ward off criticism they so rightfully deserve. Secondly and most importantly, if their account of the Holocaust was above reproach, would they give two hoots if someone chose to investigate? Think about this because this is the big giveaway. They throw a fit each and every time and it's obvious why. Serious researchers can only discover one thing - the truth. The reason they don't want anybody questioning the Holocaust is because they know - any meaningful investigation will rapidly arrive at one conclusion - the Holocaust was a massive Zionist con trick!
We are fast-approaching a point where we could well find ourselves living in a world where criticizing the greatest criminals on the planet, indeed the greatest gangsters ever, is a criminal offense! I know it sounds crazy but diabolical as it may seem, this is what the Zionists want more than anything. Why? Because the Internet threw an almighty spanner in the works. Suddenly, their control over the flow of information, painstakingly acquired over 150 years, hadn't just been breached; it had been ruptured! The internet was a phenomenon. Type in a few words and hey presto - all the information you need is there. Not that initiated folk weren't aware of corporate media lies. The Internet though allowed us to discover what we weren't being told. As a result, the past 10 years has seen mainstream news channels all over the world haemorrhage viewers. No one watches CNN anymore. If it was down to money, they'd have shut up shop years ago. Trouble is they can't do that. It would be the mother of all show outs! Their only option was to soldier on, smile as if everything's sweet, never give any inkling their news channels are ironing out absolute lumps. All they could do was tell even bigger lies. They had to, because now we're on the clock.
So lo and behold - those who are responsible for all the False Flag events; those behind the JFK assassination, the attack on the USS Liberty in 1967 where 34 US sailors were killed in a botched attempt by the Israelis to pin the blame on Egypt and above all, the very people who planned and executed 9/11 - are now trying to make it illegal for anyone to criticize them! You'd think it couldn't get much worse than this! Wrong! Zionists are of the Ashkenazi tribe. They are not Jews. They were originally from Georgia, Russia. By the time of the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, they'd assumed control of virtually every significant position. What followed was murder and mutilation on a scale that truly beggars belief. I read Alexander Solzhenitsyn book 'Two Hundred Years Together.' After all, this dissident won the 1970 Nobel Prize for Literature. His credibility could not be questioned yet this book was a blow by blow account of how 66 million Russians were butchered by the Ashkenazi. So I had to read it and my oh my - some of the methods of torture were so revolting at times it was positively stomach churning. Families would be forced to watch their children being mutilated one by one. It still gives me nightmares. To take someone's life for no reason is deplorable but I cannot for the life of me comprehend how any human could wish to inflict such unimaginable fear, pain and horror upon anyone. I don't care what upbringing one may have had - this is sick.
While technology considerations are clearly central to pursing ERP enhancements, more important questions relate to business performance. What would you do differently if you could close your books in seven seconds instead of seven days? How would your sales strategy change if thousands of store managers could each execute daily sales forecasts? What could you learn from real-time monitoring of the social sphere around your industry? A new ERP engine can give you the tools to answer these questions and more.
"We have not taken care of our largest asset: our streets. We have to change that," Mayor Hales said. "We've been talking about this for 13 years, and we held several town halls this winter and spring to hear from people. Despite that, many constituents still haven't been heard yet. We get that. Postponing the Council vote will give people time to weigh in on whether this is the best solution to this dire need, and to consider changes to make it work better."
He testified Jones gave the trooper two pieces of paper - one showing Ward's house, and the other an image of Ward.
Ward didn't believe them at first, but he eventually brought them upstairs where Keasey was sitting on the bed. It was in the room that Ward showed Wolfe something that disturbed the troopers, and gave the situation a greater sense of urgency. Out of a nightstand drawer, Ward pulled the photo of himself that Keasey had found in the printer at work.
Fearful for their lives, Wolfe brought Ward and Keasey to a York County Drug Task Force location in York where they decided to do something Wolfe had never done in his career. Hess wanted proof that Ward was dead before paying Jones, so they were going to give him that proof.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
Under the “information as thing of value” theory, it would be a crime for the Turk to give the information to the Clinton campaign, since that would be an illegal contribution. (That’s the very premise of the argument against Trump Jr. that I’m discussing.)
So instead, he decides to give it to the New York Times, hoping the Times writes about this and gives Trump the comeuppance that (in the Turkish businessman’s mind) Trump deserves. Yet that, too, is a crime (again, accepting the thing-of-value theory): The gift of the “thing of value” to the New York Times, done, “for the purpose of influencing [an] election for Federal office” is itself an illegal expenditure.
2. But wait: This doesn’t just risk criminal punishment for the foreign businessman. What if a New York Times reporter is approached by the Turk, who wants to set up a meeting, and the reporter says, “if it’s what you say I love it”? Then, by the same logic being applied to Trump Jr.’s response, that reporter is committing the crime of soliciting the illegal expenditure — he’s encouraging the businessman to illegally give a gift of something of value (information).
Of course not! It was a long, long trail of many errors that gave the Japs their success at Pearl Harbor, but in the long run their sinking and damaging all the battleship there made it clear the aircraft carrier would win or lose the Pacific war. The Japs' carriers didn't, our did.
Once a Space Marine has been fully implanted with their male-only organs, they, like me, are placed into a relentless years-long training programme of powerful hypnotic suggestions and psycho-conditioning routines. It’s this barrage of thought conditioning that gives Space Marines the strength to fight as merciless warriors, and me the strength to insist that only men could be one, without spending nights at my painting desk sobbing into my bitz box at how easily I’ve been manipulated.
These are internally called upon by the Steam Client, but do give a nice overview of the capabilities.
In an email statement given to the company which was included in the press release, McAfee said: “I regret the confusion…As we had discussed, I advise multiple boards of directors for companies in the cybersecurity field. I do this because the World’s cyber defense systems lag far behind existing weaponized software and if we do not all pull together then I fear that mankind’s future is uncertain at best. After our phone discussion this morning I have relented and will continue to advise and assist your board in any manner that my time allows. Please give me no title.”
O’Donnell’s win has been met with ambivalence from the party establishment. NRSC chairman Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) announced today that the committee is sending her $42,000, after much talk last night that it would give up on the race. Meanwhile, conservatives have been pummeling Karl Rove for saying that the general election in Delaware “is not a race we’re going to be able to win.”
“It strikes me as (a) blatant disregard to my freedom of privacy,” said Paul, an Aurora resident who rents out part of his home using Airbnb and did not want to give his last name. “I should be able to let whoever I want to stay at my house stay freely without having to worry about city ordinances.”
Denver City Council considered a similar measure this month and gave initial approval to a proposal that would allow short-term vacation rentals only in a resident’s primary home and not a second home, according to The Denver Post.
Aside from a little coyness about his intimate relationship with Jackie Onassis, Langella pulls very few punches. Richard Burton is “a crashing bore”; Yul Brynner is paranoid and imperious; Rex Harrison, a “son of a bitch”; Lee Strasberg, “arrogant and insufferable.” Langella is “flattered and somewhat perversely titillated” when Elia Kazan makes a pass at his girlfriend in an effort to break him down, but of Kazan’s other bad behavior, before the House Un-American Activities Committee, he says, “I have always felt that talent such as his doesn’t give you rights.” Langella recalls sitting with his hands folded when Kazan received a standing ovation at the Oscars.
LG: That’s a nice way of putting it. In your piece you call the lead-up to 2006 a “general system failure” for the media, and wrote that the post-crash reporting gave the “short shrift to the breathtaking corruption that overran the mortgage business.” You also diagnosed the financial press today with Stockholm Syndrome.
LG: I understand you’re working on a new book that’s going to take the financial press to task. Can you give us a sneak preview?
Given the choice between maintaining Linus' trust that I won't merge 100,000 lines of abstracted HAL code and merging 100,000 lines of abstracted HAL code I'll give you one guess where my loyalties lie.
Have you ever been told you look down too much? Another 10K repeat from your trainer is my guess. I’ll give you a hint—looking down is kind of not a viable option for people riding outside the ring. Not only are you looking for every hazard known to man and beast, your life greatly benefits from you keeping a very keen relationship with the horizon. On the horizon could be lurking any potential suspect which might disrupt a perfectly sane outdoor experience. Your eyes will be up and in navigation mode. Permanently.
In 1967 Martin Luther King gave a speech called The Other America in which he set out the reason for riots. King argued that riots do not develop out of thin air but are caused by certain “intolerable social conditions”. In the final analysis, he said, disorder is a consequence not only of irresponsibility, but inequality.
Reynolds’ deployment on just one side of the field in conjunction with a narrow usage pattern on the route tree simply cannot be ignored. It would not be surprising to see this player struggle to make an early impact in the NFL, given his overall lack of a diverse set of assignment experiences. However, his route success rate scores give optimism that with the proper seasoning, there is something to be mined with Reynolds’ potential.
DigiKam is an easy but powerful photo management and re-touching application. It's got lots of great features, and this article has only touched on the basics. There's so much more to explore in digiKam, including features—such as the easiest Batch Queue processing system I've ever seen in a GUI photo application—that still elude other editors. DigiKam isn't just efficient, it's fun to use, brings your photos to life, makes rummaging through directories and directories of pictures to find the really good ones fun, and gives you the freedom and courage to make them better.
If you're not using digiKam, and you also find yourself ignoring your photos, you owe it to yourself to give digiKam a go. If you're looking for a good photo manager with facial recognition, photo effects, and all the export options you could ever want, then get digiKam. In short, if you take photographs, you should treat yourself to digiKam.
When I have a problem that seems intractable I imagine having it in a dream. I was talking to a good friend the other day who has just been through divorce. Not un-understandably, he felt disappointed and let down, like a victim, like it had nothing to do with him. This made him feel helpless and angry, with no clear way forward. He has a good understanding of Buddhism so I asked him: “If you had divorced in a dream, who would have been responsible for that?” If we understand that everything is a mere projection of our own mind, like a dream, we can see how we are responsible for what appears to our mind, for what happens to us. Knowing this always gives us a way to move forward, by changing our mind rather than bashing our head against an intractable brick wall. And when we change our mind, the situation itself changes – the brick wall does come down. He didn’t become undivorced, but the situation no longer appeared dire, and he got his mojo back.
Fortunately control systems can resolve both of these problems depending upon on what RAS system is in place on the treatment works and whether sludge is removed from the final tanks by pump or by bellmouth and how the sludge is returned to the treatment works but the general principle is the same. To define the problem and solve the first problem, that of inconsistent RAS causing settlement problems is relatively simple. In the UK at least if a treatment works has a permit to discharge to the environment it must have a flow meter measuring the flow, for control purposes of the treatment works the best position of this meter is measuring the treatment flow to the works (for a single secondary process works serial secondary process works). For the sake of this blog I am going to assume that the incoming flow is that received by the Activated Sludge Process. If not then the flow measured into the process needs to be measured. The flow measured by the flow meter can be used to ensure that the rate of return to the RAS return point or points (if the Eckenfelder floc loading is being used) is proportional to the incoming flow into the process. This gives the ability to stabilize the floc loading into the process and thus stabilize the process as a whole. In order to do this all that is needed is the incoming flow rate that should be there anyway and the measurement of the RAS flow. If these flow rates are stabilized so that they follow each other then the first problem can be resolved. This is not say that the flow rates have to equal each other, just be proportional to each. This is where the second problem, that of energy consumption, can be addressed but this also increases the amount of risk to the wastewater operator.
The little tuft of hair on the top of Ahlbi’s head is meant to resemble Maya’s top knot, and shows a point of intersection between the cultures of the Kingdom of Khura’in and Kurain Village. There are a number of these shared traits between the cultures of Khura’in and Kurain Village sprinkled throughout the game and in the designs of the characters, so keep your eyes peeled as you play and see how many you can find! Words like "Your Benevolence" and "Your Magistry" are titles we use to substitute for the fact that in English, you call people by titles to show rank and respect. The word “magistry” is not a real word, but a mashup we created of “majesty” and “magistrate” to give the judge an aura of authority in his courtroom.
And finally, there seems to be some confusion as to where the Kingdom of Khura’in is, with some people thinking it’s in the Middle East! But while it seems like a paradox, this magic trick is quite easy to solve with the help of our friend Klavier Gavin. Athena: あ！牙琉のサインだ！ (A! Garyu no sain da!) “Oh, サイン (sain)!” you might say. That’s the English word “sign”! Well, let’s see what happens if you translate that sentence as “Ah! It’s a Klavier sign!” *Gavinners’ tour poster courtesy of 10 minutes and my mad 1999-era photoshopping skillz. Not exactly the result we were looking for, right? So what’s going on? This is an example of translating without cultural context. Without considering how a word is used within a specific culture, it’s easy to accidentally convey the entirely wrong idea to your target audience. (Heck, this even happens between British and American English with words like “lift” vs. “elevator” and “torch” vs. “flashlight.”) In this case, the sentence should’ve been translated as “Ah! It’s Klavier’s autograph!” Had Athena been talking about the actual sign, she would’ve said 看板 (kanban) instead since sain is only used to mean either an autograph or signature, a mathematical sine, or some sort of cue, like a sign or a signal a baseball catcher might give a pitcher. How does this relate to why アジアの西の果て (ajia no nishi no hate – lit: western edge of Asia) is officially translated in English as “the western edge of the Far East?” Because I wanted to more accurately convey where Khura’in is based on how the Japanese word ajia (アジア) is used. It’s understood among Japanese speakers that when ajia is used in daily life, and even on TV news broadcasts, they are only talking about the countries of East Asia – Japan, Korea, China, and Mongolia. As Wikipedia writers even pointed out: 日本では逆に、しばしば中近東ならびに中央アジアや南アジアを含めず、極端な場合には東南アジアも除いた東アジアのみをさすことがある。 “In contrast [to other cultures’ understandings], the general understanding in Japan is that ajia frequently does not include the Middle East, nor does it include areas like Central Asia or South Asia. In extreme cases, it doesn’t include Southeast Asia either, and only denotes the countries of East Asia.” So it turns out that the original intention of the Japanese description that was meant to be read and interpreted by a Japanese audience is only unambiguously accurate when translated as “the western edge of the Far East/East Asia,” and not “the western edge of Asia,” since even in English, the colloquial usage of “Asia” can vary from person to person and culture to culture to include (or not include) countries such as Turkey or regions such as Central Asia. But there’s actually another reason why a Japanese person would immediately think of the Himalayas and of India in conjunction with a religion like Khura’inism: the exoticism and mystery of India as the birthplace of one of the major religions of Japan – Buddhism – and the pervasiveness of stories like Journey to the West in the Japanese collective conscious. Much as how American Christians, Jews, and Muslims think of Jerusalem as the exotic and foreign birthplace of their religions, an element of mysticism has been infused with the Japanese people’s image of India through Japanese pop culture and immensely influential works like Journey to the West (西遊記, pinyin: Xī Yóu Jì) or “Saiyuki” as it’s transliterated in Japanese (no, not that “Saiyuki”...), which is the story of a monk and his supernatural companions who are on a journey to retrieve some sacred Buddhist scriptures from the Western Regions (or what one might say is “the western edge of the Far East”). India has pretty much always been considered “non-Asian” to the Japanese, since Japanese culture was historically influenced primarily by Chinese culture. So from the Japanese perspective, Indian culture is a familiar, yet utterly different and unique one compared to their own. As a comparison, think about how ancient Greek culture is one step removed from American culture, which is European influenced – it’s familiar because we know their gods and legends, like Hercules, but just far away enough through space and time for it to seem exotic. But ultimately, the reason why I know for sure that Khura’in is on the western edge of the Far East is because I spoke with Mr. Yamazaki and Mr. Fuse to confirm that that is actual region they meant to convey to their audience. ------------------------------------------------- Next Friday – well, you’ll probably be busy playing Spirit of Justice, but if you’re looking to take a break, I’ll be here to give you a look at how the game was put together – literally! It’s time to explore the programming and dramatic presentation scripting sides of Spirit of Justice, and just how we decided on the design of the game's logo. Until then! Catch up on previous blog entries here! 4.6 (4 Ratings) Report Tags: ace attorney dev blog khura'in localization phoenix wright spirit of justice
"Strategy is whatever," said Brown. "I don't give a f**k. I don't see the fans anticipating a war [with Woodley]. I don't anticipate anything in a fight. A lot of them are probably going to expect [Woodley] to knock me out real quick or he's going to take me down, grind me out real quick, or that I'm going to slowly beat him up and that it'd be a good war. Those are three basic options for Woodley where I think Condit you have, most likely, no matter how this fight goes, we're f**king each other up. We're going to be bloody and beat up at the end."
“Mr. Trump, I invited you here to thank us for what we’ve done in Flint, not to give a political speech,” the Rev. Faith Green Timmons told Trump as she approached the businessman.
For a tough-talking professional woman to survive and thrive on the right, she must be careful always to give lip service to the joys of motherhood even if single, and if a mom, exude satisfaction with domesticity. Kelly’s Twitter profile reads: “Happily married to Doug, crazy in love with my children Yates, Yardley and Thatcher and anchor of the Kelly Files.”
She found a disgruntled ex-DOJ Republican to claim Obama's DOJ gave a pass to Black Panther depredations against whites. At the time, she had an afternoon slot called "The Kelly Factor," primetime for priming the fear pump on stay-at-home mothers. In Kelly's interview ex-DOJ employee and GOP activist J. Christian Adams alleged the Department of Justice wouldn’t prosecute black people for voting crimes. “Do you believe that the DOJ has a policy now of not pursuing cases if the defendant is black and the victim is white?” Kelly asked. Adams replied: “There’s no doubt about it.”
Elections came and went, including Shumlin’s own 2014 reelection, which was so close Vermont law required the final decision to go to the legislature after Shumlin failed to win a majority of the vote in November. As the state waited for the legislature to take up the election results, Shumlin announced that he would not pursue single payer after all when the long-awaited financial projections showed “the promise and the peril” of a single-payer system. The promise, of course, was a chance to give nearly every Vermonter reliable access to quality health care.
There were certainly skeptics within the scientific community when the discovery was announced, but eventually Piltdown Man was accepted as the real deal. It took 40 years before a team of researchers at the British Museum uncovered the fakes in 1953, using the then-new technique of fluorine dating. They found that the bones were not all the same age. The upper skull was 50,000 years old, and the ape-like jawbone just a few decades old, most likely taken from a modern orang-utan. There was also evidence that the jawbone had been stained with potassium dichromate to give it an older, reddish-brown appearance.
First they said drinking soy milk would give men boobs (but who cares about the cholesterol and saturated fat in their dairy milk, right?! Antibiotics and hormones anyone? Mmmm!). Then they said it takes a bagillion trillion gallons of water to produce one tiny almond (who cares that it takes several thousand gallons of water to produce one pound of meat, eh?). I wonder what they’ll say about cashew milk?! It’s really made from cow shoes? Who knows!!
The judge largely rejected the federal agencies’ arguments. In his March 27 ruling, he gave federal agencies a year to come up with spill plans for each federal dam in the Columbia River Basin.
Davis, who wanted to play and did appear at first base in the 11th, was initially listed in his usual fifth spot in the lineup. But after manager Buck Showalter spoke to the first baseman and conferred with the team's training staff, the O's decided to give Davis a day off.
Davis, who wanted to play and did appear at first base in the 11th, was initially listed in his usual fifth spot in the lineup. But after manager Buck Showalter spoke to the first baseman and conferred with the team's training staff, the O's decided to give Davis a day off.
“The guy’s going to give you all he has once he get out there on the field,” Hopkins said. “He’s not going to leave anything out there. It was no question about him going out and being to perform the task today.”
"But it's been fun. My hometown gives me a lot of credit when I go back home."
Sophomore punter Blake Johnson made his first media appearance since winning the starting job in the spring and gave his work in camp a thumbs up.
By way of comparison, in 2016 the government gave the AEC $101 million in “advance” funds to help it implement major changes to Senate voting in time for the July federal election.
Best moment: The Utes trailed USC by two scores late but came storming back to grab a dramatic win. Troy Williams led a 93-yard drive to give Utah a 31-27 victory, hitting Tim Patrick for a touchdown with 16 seconds left. That September win is even more impressive in retrospect: That was the last time USC lost.
Adi once again found the back of the net but we weren’t lucky enough to see a penalty call so we can figure out if he will give way to the almighty Valeri! Both Adi and Valeri are near essential for their upcoming DGW in Round 6.
Shulyar vehemently denied working with reporters or with Chalupa on anything related to Trump or Manafort, explaining “we were stormed by many reporters to comment on this subject, but our clear and adamant position was not to give any comment [and] not to interfere into the campaign affairs.”
In fact, she says, the company had sometimes asked her to work on her days off. “When they told me to work on days off, they didn’t give any reason except to say the company needs me.”
Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way that the 3-bettor can not exploit Hero in these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.
Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video series Optimal Preflop Play I-III at Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.
Alice can't fold so much that she gives Bob an opportunity to make a profit by 3-bet bluffing any two cards
How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.
This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.
We give Alice the following range:
If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.
But don't 3-bet QQ/AK for value against a ~15% opening range in the hands of a player like Alice. She plays optimally against our 3-bets, so 3-betting QQ/AK won't do anything for us. Against Alice we use QQ/AK as flatting hands, thus setting ourselves up for playing a raised pot in position against a range we have good equity against (Alice's total opening range, and not just her value hands). This will give Alice (and the blinds, should they get involved) opportunities to make postflop mistakes that we can exploit.
This gives us a list of 156 "pretty" combos for 3-bet bluffing, and the next question is which hands to choose and when. We remember that the optimal value/bluff ratio for Bob's 3-betting range is 40/60, so he can use 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for each of the combos in his value range (including his 5-bet bluffs). His total value range is {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 combos, so Bob can pick 1.5 x 20 =30 3-bet bluff combos.
Note that the combination of a candidate list of 3-bet bluff hands and a fixed (but adjustable) bluff% to use with these hands, gives us a lot of flexibility to adjust our 3-bet bluffing as we please. Against an unknown opponent, we can start with the optimal 20% frequency, and 3-bet {KK+, A5s, A4s} always, and the candidate list 20% of the time. But if we note that the raiser doesn't defend optimally, we might want to adjust this bluff percentage.
We constructed optimal strategy pairs (one strategy for the raiser, and one for the 3-bettor) for two scenarios. First with the raiser in EP (UTG or MP) with a ~15% range, and then with the raiser in CO with a ~25% range. In both scenarios we gave the raiser a standard TAG opening range. We then deduced optimal strategies for both players as a function of the raisers opening range. We observed that the strategies for the CO scenario involved considerably looser ranges than the strategies for the EP scenario.
Finally, if you meet tough regs who don't give up preflop edge in these scenarios (at least any edge you can see), these optimal strategies will protect you from getting exploited. They can't take advantage of you in preflop 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars, so don't worry about it if they try. Follow the optimal strategies, and the mathematics of the situation will protect you. But don't forget to sniff for leaks against regs. Everybody has leaks, and your knowledge about optimal 3-/4-/5-betting will make it easier for you to find them. And pay close attention if you see a reg starting to tilt! Now he might blow up completely in preflop raising wars, and you can adjust accordingly.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
The girih has been widely applied on the architecture. To begin with, girih on the Persian geometric windows meet the need of the Persian architecture. “The specific types of embellishments utilized in orosi typically linked the windows to the patron's social and political eminence.”The more ornate a window is, the higher social and economic status the owner is more likely to have. A good example for this would be Azad Koliji. The Azad Koliji is a Dowlatabad Garden in Iran. With the girih patterns on its window, the architects successfully demonstrate multiple layers. The first layer would be the actual garden which people can have a glimpse at when they open the window. In addition to this natural layer, the first girih pattern on the outside of the window (the carved pattern. Another artificial layer would be the colorful glasses on the window. The multi-color layer create a sense of a mass of flowers. This layer is abstract which forms a clear contradiction with the real layer outside the window, and gives the audience enough space to imagine.[8]
In testing earlier this year they appeared to have retained the momentum, but in Australia they already appeared to have slipped a notch and in the heat of Malaysia Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel powered to victory and gave everyone ‘a wake up call.’
Despite positive reviews for its tablets, in recent months Barnes & Noble has encountered fierce headwinds as Apple, Amazon, and Google released well-regarded tablets of their own in advance of the 2012 holiday selling season. From a hardware and price standpoint, not much separates the products, but Barnes & Noble's app offerings have lagged behind those of the competition, even as it worked hard to expand its app store. Such a drawback can give consumers a reason to pause before buying.
Baseball News : I think we’ve seen this before, but once more won’t hurt: Check out this video footage from a 1977 Royals/Brewers game in Milwaukee in which the Royals had to wear Brewers road uniforms because their own unis had been stolen (from Kevin Clark). ”¦ I like the double-striped turtleneck collar in this old shot of Eddie Murray (from Tyler Kepner). ”¦ Yonder Alonso of the Padres was moved from first base to third base the other day and wore one of his brother-in-law Manny Machado’s gloves (from Andrew Cosentino). ”¦ The Red Sox put their helmet numbers on the side without the earflap. ”¦ The San Diego GOP gave presidential candidate Rand Paul a FNOB Padres jersey (from Stephen Scheffel). ”¦ An American pitcher playing in Korea has been fined for wearing a wrong-colored undershirt (from @MyKBO).
In fact, after what’s generally viewed as a lackluster year in Season 3, the show bolted out of the bow with renewed vigor. A new, lighter approach, a focus on the fantastical world of magic, and a blast of a villain giving Neal McDonough five-course meals of scenery to chew gave the show a seeming fresh start. Incorporating more explicit elements from the Green Arrow comic books, including the name; an expanded focus on the team; and a more mature manner of involving the divisive romantic relationship between Oliver Queen and Felicity Smoak, which frequently devloved into groan-worthy teen melodrama the year before, all propped up a series that seemed to find its legs again.
So show us your tax returns, President Trump. We might even be willing to give you an extension if you need more time to convert the rubles to dollars.
"a party that offers real hope, that stands up for the poor and vulnerable, that puts growth at the heart of its agenda, that confronts privilege… [and will give the electorate] a real and vivid choice as to the future of our country, not one that leaves the electorate indifferent."
On the 16th day, I went in for surgery under general anesthetic. The actual surgery is fairly simple and takes less than 30 minutes: my eggs were removed with a large needle placed strategically through ultrasound guidance. I emerged from surgery an hour later, woozy but otherwise happy the 19 eggs were retrieved (10 – 15 is considered a success I was told). My stomach was noticeably swollen to the size of melon. When I insisted that my belly felt abnormally enlarged, the nurse simply gave me a one-sheeter on 'Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome (OHSS)' and told me to call if I worsened. For the next three days, I waddled around. A waitress mistook me for pregnant, and on Monday, I showed up to work looking 6 months pregnant. I was so uncomfortable I went home early. I was planning to call NYU on Tuesday when, mid-slumber Monday night, the excruciating pains hit.
A girl my age with shaky hands inserted the needle over and over again as I clutched a nurse's hand with all my might and screamed out in pain so loudly they gave me a gauze for my mouth. I felt it all. The needle would pierce its way through me, and then she'd swivel it in a circle. I'd scream as the needle hit my insides. The image of my own blood and mixed with fluid filling up a full liter bottle was oddly comforting, and after 20 minutes of excruciating attempts to remove more fluid, I wailed one last time in total agony after the last stab failed to procure more fluid out of me. The women left, and I doubled over in fetal position, crying and wanting my mom more then than ever before.
I'm often asked if I had known the risks, would I have still gone through with freezing my eggs. My answer is a whole-hearted "Hell yes." What happened to me was terrifying, but incredibly rare. For me, the benefits of egg freezing still far outweigh the small risk. I can live out my dreams, on my timeline – and that's priceless for me. After the ER I decided to share my story on social media so that another 28-year-old woman won't have to think she's crazy for planning her future before age 35. Dozens of young women have reached out to me for advice since, and I've finally been able to do the one thing no one could do for me: give an honest perspective about what freezing your eggs at 28 means, and what sometimes goes wrong.
* Bulldogs forward Josh Jackson (94) gave SuperCoaches some food for thought ahead of the bye rounds. Jackson had plenty of admirers last year on the back of his strong attacking play. Up until Round 6 this year Jackson’s attacking stats had been almost non-existent but he has upped the ante in the last couple of weeks, including a try, 10 points from line breaks and eight from line break assists to go with his 41 tackles against the Titans. The Bulldogs will play in the two tough bye rounds of 12 and 18. Jackson is currently in 4% of teams.
Howdy readers! Long time no see. First off, I’d like to apologize for having not made a new post in over a month. My wife recently gave birth to our first child – a boy – born on July 2nd. As I’m sure you can understand, all of my attention and time has been devoted to learning how to take care of the little guy since he arrived. It’s been a wild ride so far, and we’re only just getting started! Things are starting to calm down now though, and because of that I can finally return to Complete Keto to share more recipes with you.
Simon frees a Sithi from a trap, who gives him a White Arrow in return. He meets Binabik (and Qantaqa the wolf) and journeys along with them. They head for the rest and safe haven of an abbey in the forest, only to find the abbey burning, its inhabitants mostly killed. Simon is briefly captured by a band from the Hayholt (but not King Elias men) then escapes when creatures from legend called Bukken attack the band. Simon and Binabik head back into the woods, and find themselves hunted by men and dogs, sent by Pryrates to track down Simon (who saw too much). They rescue two girls, one of whom is Marya, who Simon knew as a boy Malachias, from the castle. Together, all journey to the house of the witch woman Geloë. Here, Binabik and Simon travel the dream road with the witch woman, and discover some of the forces that are allied with King Elias and Pryrates. The huntsman and his dogs come at them again, and they run toward an ancient Sithi city, where the huntsman shoots an arrow through Binabik. Simon saves his friend, and with Marya they are eventually rescued by Josua outside of the castle Naglimund.
If you (like me at first) thought that after the many interviews Dmitry gave in the recent past, there wasn’t anything new we could learn about him, then you were wrong.
There are numerous invites to commercial competitions coming to the Russian Weightlifting Federation. Many of them have no drug testing. Russians could just go, lift, and get like $5000. Unfortunately, such invitations often don’t reach athletes because of one person who handles the paperwork. That’s why athletes should give out their contact information.
Berestov was saying that he couldn’t get the government fund weightlifting equipment for children … This is Russia, forget about it! Nobody will give anything to you for free.
It is business. Open your own gym; call it Crossfit if you need to. But this will be a place where one can Snatch, Clean and Jerk. And this person must pay for the gym. You must pay for weightlifting too, or you will have this old equipment that will cause more injuries! The authorities will not give money to maintain the gym.
There are more crossfit viewers than weightlifting viewers. I don’t really care. Obviously some weightlifters can lose interest. But there is time for everything. We are making a e-book about how to train, how to eat etc. It will be in English. I can give a lot of information, but I won’t give it for free. I can make a free seminar, but guess what, I don’t want to spend my weekends on free seminars, and people don’t come to seminars on weekdays.
"This poll gives a window into the sentiment of Americans at the moment," said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King, who said he suspects the numbers could change dramatically in four or five years.
To kick off Jordan’s new monthly article discussing what comes to the Wii U’s eShop every month, he takes a look at the back catalogue up until now, and gives you a rundown on the games currently on the store worth purchasing.
Ah the Wii U. In some people’s eyes it is an abomination while in others it is a bastion for the older days of gaming and that Nintendo patented cuteness. Whatever your stance is, if you’re a gamer that has one you’ll want to be playing the best games and at the best value. This series will give you a monthly rundown on the newest titles that are added to the eShop each month – with a specific focus on the digital-only games. (Retail titles will be mentioned in passing, but are not the main focus). To kick this off, I’m going to take a look at at the titles that have graced the Wii U over it’s first year and a half – let’s do this! Along the way I’ll use a simple rating for each game – Ignore, Watch or Buy. Ignore are games that aren’t worth your time or money – give them a miss. Watch means to put this game down on your watch list, and pick it up when the price comes down to something you agree with, or you get some extra money in your pocket. Buy should be the things you head straight for!
Every gamer on the planet knows what Wii Sports is about, and this is a refresh on the series, updated with HD graphics and a pricing model that lets you pick what sports you want to pay for. The conversions are done well, and it does have some added features, however the core gameplay remains as simple as ever, so unless you really love the series, I’d say give it a miss for now.
Back in the days of the Gamecube, I thought WarioWare was the weirdest mini game compilation I would ever play. I was wrong. This is an absolute must-have if you plan on using the Wii U as a party console – the game has you doing some truly ridiculous stuff, and it mixes up the selection depending on the amount of controllers and players you have, but never once fails to give you a laugh. Definitely download this one for something different.
Runner 2 is essentially a crazy hurdling event. You have a long course, having to slide under, jump over and break through obstacles, making it feel essentially like a rhythm game as the title suggests. However, the difference comes from being able to navigate the courses at this speed to try and find treasures, secret levels and alternative exits, and having 125 levels there are a lot to find. It features a bit of a learning curve which means you’ll constantly be discovering new elements of the gameplay, a truly excellent downloadable title. Of course, one of the main selling points for this series has always been the music, and Runner 2 does not dissapoint, the chiptune themes pulse through the game and will give you a real buzz.
Whilst MSF2 is just as fun on the Wii U as It was on the 3DS, it suffers from ‘more of the same’ syndrome. In fact, this version doesn’t look quite as good on the Wii U as the first one did, not receiving the same attention given to the original port. Despite this, the 16 bit nature of the game is still fun and frantic, and will give any action gamer a good pump.
Professor George Havenith, a specialist in environmental physiology and ergonomics who gave evidence at the inquest, told the BBC the special forces needed a "culture change" so existing rules were followed, rather than new guidelines.
Last week, Mrs Cadman-Khan said: “All I ever wanted was to clear my name. I would not give up until that was done.
"This law does not give drivers a free pass, but ensures a safe and legal option to avoid the danger and inconvenience of being trapped in perpetuity at a locked red light," Bloom said. "This issue is more common than many people realize, especially on rural roads or during late hours when long periods often elapse before a heavier vehicle comes along to finally trip the unresponsive light."
Police say the relatives beat and kicked the girl for six hours, leading her to give birth to a stillborn baby, which they then tried to burn on a charcoal grill to cover up their crime.
An examination of contributions of $500 or more, using the Huffington Post's Fundrace website, shows that employees of the top five arms makers - Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop-Grumman, Raytheon and General Dynamics -- gave Democratic presidential candidates $103,900, with only $86,800 going to Republicans.
In the 2004 presidential race, defense company workers, almost all of them upper-level employees, gave George W. Bush $819,358, more than twice the $366,870 received by John Kerry. Similarly, in House and Senate races over the past 10 years, the defense industry has favored Republicans over Democrats by a 3-2 margin.
Clinton's major industry benefactors - donors who gave the $4,600 maximum allowed by law -- include Roger A. Crone, Boeing's president of Network and Space Systems; Stanley Roth, Boeing's Vice President for Asia, International Relations, $4,600; Anne Sullivan, a Raytheon attorney; William Lynn, Raytheon's Senior Vice President for Government Relations; and Michele Kang, Northrop Grumman Vice President for health science solutions.
In a choking voice, Ariga gave the order. The valves were opened. Seconds later the violent implosion of sea water snuffed out the life of every man in the flooded engineering rooms. The desperate tactic worked, but only for a while. At 2:10, Ariga felt another torpedo slam into Yamato’s stern, jamming its big main rudder hard to port.
Yamato’s death was now certain. The ship could not be steered. The list to port quickly worsened, rolling toward 35 degrees. With its port rail nearly submerged, the ship was locked in a counterclockwise turn. The lofty bridge tower was leaning so steeply that the men in the uppermost decks had to cling to rails and stanchions for support. Reluctantly, Ariga gave the order: “Abandon ship!”
The rediscovery of numerous texts of classical antiquity was one of the spurs of the Renaissance, but for the most part, Renaissance intellectuals generally affirmed the Church’s opposition to suicide and were not sympathetic to the more permissive attitudes toward suicide found among the ancient pagans. Two intriguing sixteenth century exceptions were Thomas More and Michel de Montaigne. In his Utopia, More appears to recommend voluntary suicide for those suffering from painful and incurable diseases, though the satirical and fantastical tone of that work makes it doubtful that More supported this proposal in reality. In his Essais, Montaigne relates several anecdotes of individuals taking their own lives and intersperses these anecdotes with quotations from Roman writers praising suicide. While his general skepticism prevented Montaigne from staking out a firm moral position on suicide, he gives only a nod to the orthodox Christian position and conceptualizes the issue not in traditional theological terms but as a matter of personal judgment or conscience (Minois 1999, 89–92).
Donne’s casuistical treatise was an early example of the liberalized Enlightenment attitudes of the 1700s. The Thomistic natural-law stance on suicide came under increasing attack as suicide was examined through the lens of science and psychology. Where Christian theology has understood suicide as “an affair between the devil and the individual sinner” (Minois 1999, 300), Enlightenment philosophers tended to conceive of suicide in secular terms, as resulting from facts about individuals, their natural psychologies, and their particular social settings. David Hume gave voice to this new approach with a direct assault on the Thomistic position in his unpublished essay “Of suicide” (1783). Hume saw traditional attitudes toward suicide as muddled and superstitious. According to the Thomistic argument, suicide violates the order God established for the world and usurps God’s prerogative in determining when we shall die. Hume’s argument against this thesis is intricate and rests on the following considerations:
A popular basis supporting a right to suicide is the idea that we own our bodies and hence are morally permitted to dispose of them as we wish. (Recall from section 3.3 that some religious arguments for the impermissibility of suicide depend on God’s ownership of our bodies.) On this view, our relationship to our bodies is like that of our relationship to other items over which we enjoy property rights: Just as our having a right to a wristwatch permits us to use, improve, and dispose of it as we wish, so too does our having a right to our bodies permit us to dispose of them as we see fit. Consequently, since property rights are exclusive (i.e., our having property rights to a thing prohibits others from interfering with it), others may not interfere with our efforts to end our lives. The notion of self-ownership invoked in this argument is quite murky though. What enables us to own ordinary material items is their metaphysical distinctness from us (Cholbi 2011, 84–86). We can own a wristwatch only because it is distinct from us. Materialist philosophers, who hold that we are identical to our bodies, would deny that our bodies are distinct from ourselves, and even under the most dualistic views of human nature, our selves are sufficiently dependent upon our bodies to make ownership of the body by the self an implausible notion. Indeed, the fact that certain ways of treating ordinary property are not available to us as ways of treating our bodies (we cannot give away or sell our bodies in any literal sense) suggests that self-ownership may be only a metaphor meant to capture a deeper moral relationship (Kluge 1975, 119). In addition, uses of one’s property, including its destruction, can be harmful to others. Thus, in cases where suicide may harm others, we may be morally required to refrain from suicide. (See section 3.5 for arguments concerning duties to others.)
When a friend gave me her newborn baby to hold, my only thought was when it was acceptable to hand it back and go out and have a cigarette. I wasn't what they nauseatingly call "broody". So when I met my new partner, having children was not a consideration. We were too busy having sex. Unfortunately, she became pregnant. Condoms are so annoying. She was pretty erratic about taking the pill. How ironic that phrase "family planning" sounds now. Not for us the happy tears when the blue line appeared on the testing kit. Instead, I hoped she would have a termination; previous girlfriends had. She didn't want to, so I had to make the best of it.
The decision to play all AFLW games at small suburban grounds is one of timing and strategy by the AFL; most major grounds are dual-purpose and are set aside for cricket at that time of year, but returning the game to its suburban roots gives the new teams a chance to develop stronger geographical bond with their home turf.
He noted that a common experience will be coming sooner rather than later, but "I'm not going to give you a schedule."
Pen systems. "I believe in the power of the pen," said Ballmer. "I think a lot of systems will have a stylus built in. We're going to go all in." Microsoft's approach will be to make the big all-in bets and then give it to the ecosystem.
“Unfortunately I cannot go into how information is exchanged or shared as I do not wish to give the targets of my campaign any insight into the methods or strategies we employ to remove their payment processing ability. Suffice to say, these companies do their own independent investigations and do not solely rely on our information.”
On the Panasonic GH5 the new firmware update 2.0 gives us the use of the very efficient H.265 codec for this. They did not scrimp on the bitrate either, which is a very nice 200Mbit/s and 10bit.
Because the recordings are 4992 x 3744, this gives you some interesting possibilities compared to Ultra HD at 3840 x 2160…
A benefit of being part of a fraternity or sorority is definitely being able to give back to important causes. But don’t you have your own expenses to take care of? College is expensive. Your bills could include rent, groceries, cell phone, utilities, beer, car insurance, gas, clothes, and spring break. Would you even want to try to give ten extra bucks to help find a cure for cancer? And who wants to give up precious weekend hours for community service? Someone else can build that Habitat home. Obviously you don’t need to even be in a fraternity or sorority to perform service or philanthropy. Plenty of college students do it. But I’m sure you’ve got other things on your plate.
I’ve got an idea, Governor. I’ll stop giving you shit about your renovations if you hire me to help you with your optics. I’ll even give you my services on the Democratic pay scale, also known as market rate. You just tell me what you are planning to do, and then I’ll tell you whether or not it looks stupid to the rest of the state. I’ll bet I can save you a whole bunch of headaches.
One intriguing name on the shortlist is that of Emil Jones, 73, currently president of the Illinois Senate. He was one of Obama’s political patrons, is close to the governor and is an African-American, yet I got snorts of derision when I ran his name past some other Illinois sources of mine. That’s because Jones is from the old school — he started out as a sewer inspector, which is not bad training for a life in politics — and is not a modern, ready-for-TV candidate, possessing an orator’s tongue. He is a Chicago pol — the ring tone on his cell phone is the theme from “The Godfather” — but he would be a “place holder” only and would not run in 2010. He would fill the seat with an African-American and give the other contenders plenty of time to start their campaigns.
The response from the government has come from Du Shaozhong, the deputy head of the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau. He was named one of China's top "green personalities" in 2006 for his work in reducing pollution, including program to urge Beijing car owners to give up driving one day a month. When asked at a press conference last month about Andrews' allegations that the city that the city stopped including the results from certain air monitoring stations to increase blue-sky days, Du responded, "This phenomenon does not exist." He said that the placement of Beijing's air pollution monitors met national regulations, and that concentrations of pollutants had further improved in January and February.
(DILLIGAF, aka, "do i look like I give a f--k?")
The very large isolated tooth crown (catalogue n. MSNM V7144) is part of the fossil vertebrate collection at the Museo di Storia Naturale di Milano. This specimen was collected several years ago in the Mahajanga Basin by G Cortenova, an Italian agronomist living in Madagascar. Before his death, Cortenova gave it to G Colombo, an amateur entomologist, who eventually donated the specimen to the museum.
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
The remarkable story of how we have come to privatize political corruption in this country reached another milestone today as the Supreme Court, John Roberts presiding, handed down its decision in McCutcheon v. FEC, effectively demolishing the aggregate, two-year limit on contributions by individuals, and taking a big chunk out of Buckley v. Valeo, the misbegotten 1976 decision that got the ball rolling in the first place. It was a 5-4 vote, with the court split exactly as it had in the Citizens United case. In writing the opinion for the court, Roberts further emphasized the equation of money with speech, and also seemed to agree with Anthony Kennedy's famous assertion in Citizens United that the ability of megadonors to shovel gobs of money into the election process,"We now conclude that independent expenditures, including those made by corporations, do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption." Roberts writes:
This Court has identified only one legitimate governmental interest for restricting campaign finances: preventing corruption or the appearance of corruption. See Davis, supra, at 741. Moreover, the only type of corruption that Congress may target is quid pro quo corruption. Spending large sums of money in connection with elec-tions, but not in connection with an effort to control the exercise of an officeholder's official duties, does not give rise to quid pro quo corrup-tion. Nor does the possibility that an individual who spends large sums may garner "influence over or access to" elected officials or political parties.
Sausage, which falls into the category of “fresh, processed meat products,” is less processed since it remains “fresh” or raw throughout processing. A hot dog undergoes more processing, as a “raw, cooked-meat product because it undergoes a heat treatment that gives it its “firm-elastic texture.”
The massive earthquake struck south-central Chile and was the fifth largest temblor ever recorded by modern seismology. A nearby part of Chile gave birth to the largest earthquake ever recorded — a magnitude 9.5 earthquake that struck in May 1960 and killed 5,700 people. Since 1973, 13 quakes of magnitude 7.0 or greater have hit the coastal country, according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS).
Researchers found a white fringe formed by a kind of dead algae that is common along the Chilean coast. These normally pink algae are bleached by sunshine, and gave researchers a direct way to measure the grounds' uplift. [See images of Chile's raised coast]
Uveal melanoma is a cancer of the iris, ciliary body, or choroid—structures in the eye collectively known as the uvea. Uveal melanoma (which is biologically distinct from skin melanoma) arises from the uvea’s melanocytes, the pigment cells that give the eye its color. Once the disease has spread—most metastases appear in the liver—existing treatments are largely ineffective. About 1,500 cases of uveal melanoma occur in the United States each year, usually among older adults. The median survival rate for patients with metastatic uveal melanoma is 12 months.
“JavaScript is a single-threaded execution environment. If you want anything to happen as a result of asynchrony, you’ve got to do through callbacks or someone has to call you, because only there’s one thread of execution. If someone else has it, they’ve got to give it up and let you run. So from day one, JavaScript always had callbacks like setTimeout or like DOM events; all that happens by someone calling you back.
Francis celebrates mass down below, in the simple Santa Marta chapel where, in front of handpicked visitors, he gives the message of the day, which will later be passed on by the media. The Catholic Church, his sermons argue, needs to get closer to the people; a spiritual leader needs to be a shepherd living with the smell of the sheep, the pope is fond of saying.
The Jesuits and their possessions in Rome are a slice of home for Bergoglio, who isn't fond of traveling and has done as little of it as possible all his life. In addition to the Jesuits, the pope is also surrounded by longtime confidants who give him a sense of being at home. They include his secretary, Fabian Pedacchio from Buenos Aires, who lives on the same floor as Francis. And Archbishop Víctor Manuel Fernández, a rector of the Papal Catholic University in Buenos Aires who is considered a progressive on moral issues, serves as an important advisor to Francis and flies in to visit him at the Vatican on a regular basis.
Well, you've been teased and tortured with a plethora of images and even video but now OS 10.3.0.296 has leaked. At this point, some of the stuff we've seen teased is in the OS and some of it is not, you'll just have to go through it all to find out what's there and what's not. Also of note, it's not available for all devices but if you have a BlackBerry Z10 STL100-3 then you can go ahead and give it a go and I'm sure some autoloaders will get made for other devices eventually.
Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Ben Carson attends the National Action Network (NAN) national convention at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel on April 8, 2015, in New York City. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the 41st annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Gaylord International Hotel and Conference Center on March 8, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland. Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks to guests at the Iowa Freedom Summit on January 24, 2015, in Des Moines, Iowa. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson is surrounded by supporters as he waits to be interviewed at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at National Harbor, Maryland, outside Washington on February 26, 2015. Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks at the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition convention on January 18, 2015, in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. A variety of conservative presidential hopefuls spoke at the gathering on the second day of a three-day event. Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson delivers the keynote address at the Wake Up America gala event on September 5, 2014, in Scottsdale, Arizona. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the 41st annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Gaylord International Hotel and Conference Center on March 8, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland. Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the National Prayer Breakfast at the Washington Hilton on February 7, 2013, in Washington. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Honoree and director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University, Carson poses with actor James Pickens Jr. at the Jackie Robinson Foundation Annual Awards Dinner on March 16, 2009, in New York City. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Before his jump into conservative politics, Carson was known for his work as a neurosurgeon. Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by then-President George W. Bush on June 19, 2008. At that time, he was the director of pediatric surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics In a story that garnered international attention, Carson was ready to separate a pair of 10-year-old Indian girls, Saba and Farah Shakeel, who are joined at the head in New Delhi, India. Here, he addresses a press conference at the Indraprashtra Apollo Hospital on October 4, 2005. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson and a team of 20 specialists approved the procedure after studying the girls' brains; however, their parents were worried about their daughters' lives and did not give doctors permission to operate. The surgery did not happen. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson observes the start of neurosurgery proceedings at the Raffles Hospital in Singapore on July 6, 2003. Carson and Dr. Keith Goh, left, performed a complex operation that was unsuccessful to separate 29-year-old twins Ladan And Laleh Bijani, who were joined at the head. Hide Caption 13 of 13
Fans who pledge $25 or more will gain access to the closed beta. Being in the closed beta will allow you to play the game while it's in development. This also gives you the opportunity to help shape and give valuable feedback. Not only that, but you get to play with new content before everyone else!
Special teams: It's a simple, oft-repeated phrase that bears one more mention, since we may never get another opportunity: In kicking competitions, always bet on the option on scholarship. Take OSU, for instance, where true freshman Sean Nuernberger – he of the scholarship – should beat out senior Kyle Clinton to replace Drew Basil at kicker. Nuernberger would give the Buckeyes two young specialists, joining sophomore punter Cameron Johnson, who is already among the Big Ten's best at the position. If the true freshman delivers on field goals, OSU should have one of the league's top three units – though Maryland's return game is a bit more explosive.
Two other spots are settled, both on the strong side. Right guard belongs to Pat Elflein, an impressive third-year sophomore who fared well when given the opportunity a season ago. He'll line up alongside senior Darryl Baldwin, last year's understudy on the blind side; OSU is hopeful he'll be up to the task, even if Chase Farris and Kyle Dodson sit in reserve. That leaves a pair of very intriguing competitions, at center and left guard. It's not a bad situation in the middle: Jacoby Boren and Alabama transfer Chad Lindsay give OSU two nice options, with the potential for one to shift to guard in a pinch – though neither has the size to really excel away from center. But that's on the table, if only slightly, due to the Buckeyes' lack of proven production at left guard. Trust in Warinner and trust in the scheme, yeah, but OSU needs to get on the same page.
I recently gave a presentation using this data at the Technology Cooperative and will probably be doing this talk a few more times (it’s more than just stats). Initially I planned on keeping the data semi-private out of concerns on how Kickstarter might react. Recent articles such as this infographic and sites like KickTraq have so far been left alone by Kickstarter, so I feel comfortable in publishing my own efforts.
"With all the food poisonings there, I haven't been to a Chipotle in the last three months and I won't let anyone in my family go, either," said Mr. Pereira, the 54-year-old president of Quill.com, a division of Staples Inc. He added that if Chipotle told customers they are sanitizing produce off-site, it would help give him the confidence to return, but that he still wants to know more.
Charts were still kinda weird so I stuck them inside of graph-scroll to make them more palatable. There’s way too much text in the piece, but I didn’t give myself a ton of time for editing.
After LeBron’s 11-point game gave me some extra time, I went back to the idea of trying to show each playoff game. Stacked bars eliminated the huge amount of vertical variation between games so players’ points were more perceivable. To distinguish series, I switched color from win/loss to playoff depth. This made me a little sad — you can’t trace your finger along and recall individual games like you could in the previous version — but it did a better job showing how players from different eras got their points. Finally, I used a small multiples layout instead of vertically sorting by time with a common x scale to fit more players in a smaller space.
I sketched out a dense visualization showing the scheduled and actual count of trains each hour during June. While I was on vacation Rebecca and Ford split my hard-to-understand chart into two bits, one showing the MTA was running behind schedule at all hours of the day and another showing that the MTA never met their rush hour schedule. I enjoy intricate forms, but the payoff of getting to see the occasional non-rush hour schedule adherence isn’t worth the risk that people will give up trying to understand the chart.
After spending most of a Saturday wandering down a dead end, I was ready to give up. Until Anjali found a NOAA ftp server with exactly the data I was looking for! The format was a bit strange - a shapefile with a grid of points showing calculated rainfall. I threw together a rough script to download the last few days of observations, combine them into a csv and plot the values.
Trying to solve these problems on deadline and running low on sleep gives you tunnel vision. I downloaded an app. And suddenly, was part of the Cajun Navy tells the story from a more human perspective.
To give his numbers a little bit of context, we started exploring different ways of representing Atlantic hurricanes. We tried a couple of different representations - scatterplots, maps, line charts. Since every chart had the same set of storms on it, I started playing around with ways of transitioning the charts into each other and we decided to do a scrolly piece (we’ve done a lot of stacks in the last few weeks).
With a bandana on her head and a three-month-old baby at her feet, Azeb Brahana stands in the gardens of Catania’s train station and looks a little lost. The 25-year-old Eritrean left her country in 2012, aware, she says, that the life she wanted was not possible in a country with mandatory national service. To get here, she says, she worked for a year in Sudan and endured months in a Libyan jail, where the United Nations estimates thousands of refugees and migrants are being held in deplorable conditions. It was in prison that Brahana gave birth to her son, and it is because of him that she is determined to make it, finally, to a place of safety and stability. “Somewhere I can live with my baby, happy,” she says. Somehow, though, despite all that she has been through, that still feels like a very distant dream.
For those who do end up housed in one of the makeshift centres, the future is not much more certain. In the eastern port of Augusta, which has found itself playing a central role in the Mare Nostrum reception strategy not long after its local council was dissolved for mafia infiltration, a former primary school has been reopened to give basic food and shelter to some of the large numbers of unaccompanied minors who have come into port this year.
Outside a soup kitchen opposite Catania station run by the Catholic charity Carita, Teame Habte, 20, from Eritrea, is munching on some bread with some friends, who give their ages as 15 and 16. To travel to Italy, he says, he came through Ethiopia, Sudan and Libya and was taken from the sea to Lampedusa. “My uncle lives in Rome,” he says. “I will work. I will do any work. I need to send money home because my family is very poor.”
NGOs on the ground say greater coordination is desperately needed in order to facilitate swift transfers to appropriate reception structures throughout Italy. “We continue to talk of an emergency about migrants … It’s not possible to talk about an “emergency” after 20 years,” says Valastro. “So we need to have a plan.” There are concerns that if the ad-hoc strategy continues and worsens through the summer, the social tensions that as yet have remained mild may be exacerbated. In Librino, a neglected part of Catania where a sports hall has been used as a temporary reception centre, the authorities moved the migrants to another hall, reportedly following concern from locals. But, surveying the scene at the Palanitta – a mass of unkempt mattresses, discarded clothes and other detritus lying between two redundant goalposts – one local is still angry. “This is what we’re left with,” he says, declining to give his name. “This is the only place where the children of this neighbourhood can come and play sport; now look at it. OK, there are going to be these boat landings. But there should be proper places for them to go. They can’t just pick a place like this and say: that one.”
Although so-called faithless electors rarely occur, including ninein the last 17 elections, a surprising number of electors consider doing so. Ten percent of electors gave some thought to defecting in 2004, 11.5% in 2008 (including 20% of Republicans), and 7% in 2012 (including 10% of Republicans). As a point reference, 10% of the Electoral College is akin to the entire state of California (the largest prize in the Electoral College). If such an event were to occur, it would trigger a constitutional crisis of epic proportions.
Those asserting their independence would surely fuel greater cynicism and augment fears about a broken electoral process and in so doing give legitimacy to Trump's claims of a rigged system.
“He’s a basketball player,” said USA coach Mike Krzyzewski of McDermott. “He’s smart and he can shoot the heck out of the ball. He doesn’t need the ball long, so he’s an easy guy to play with. He can stretch a defense. He knows the game. He doesn’t dominate the ball, so he’s an easy teammate. But because he has that scoring ability, he gives space and the ball to his teammates. Pretty good. Not cocky, a great kid. He’s going to be a good guy for the Bulls.”
Trina Ray is an Investigation Scientist for the ice penetrating radar instrument on NASA’s newest flagship mission - Europa Clipper. She worked on the Cassini-Huygens Mission to Saturn (JPL/NASA) for over 20 years, specializing in Titan, and is an active public speaker, invited to give many talks around the nation.
#1 New York Times bestselling author Scott Sigler is the creator of 15 novels, six novellas, and dozens of short stories. He gives away his stories as weekly, serialized, audiobooks, with over 40 million episodes downloaded. Scott launched his career by releasing his novels as author-read podcasts.
It is possible that what is meant is asking a man too many questions about his situation, which includes asking about that which does not concern one. That also may lead to embarrassment for the one who is being asked, because he may prefer not to tell him about his situation, and if he tells him he may feel upset about that, but if he lies to him or tries to give indirect answers he may still feel upset, and if he ignores his question that will be bad manners. End quote.
English is expanding as a lingua-franca but not as a mother tongue. More than 1 billion people speak English worldwide but only about 330m of them as a first language, and this population is not spreading. The future of English is in the hands of countries outside the core Anglophone group. Will they always learn English? … Several of Britain’s ex-colonies once did so but only because English was a neutral language among competing native tongues. English has been rejected in other ex-colonies, such as Sri Lanka and Tanzania, where Anglophone elites gave way to Sinhala- and Swahili-speaking nationalists. English will fade as a lingua-franca, Mr Ostler argues, but not because some other language will take its place … Rather, English will have no successor because none will be needed. Technology, Mr Ostler believes, will fill the need. This argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition … If he is right about the technology too, future generations will come to see English as something like calligraphy or Latin: prestigious and traditional, but increasingly dispensable.
They've completed the "contenders" portion of their schedule and all that remains is the "Waiting on Secaucus" segment, as every team left is lottery bound, throwing out and trying out different lineups for the rest of the season to give young players time to play and explore—similar to when the Bulls trotted out every available player for a stretch and looked like a mess a couple weeks back.
The Golden State Warriors’ march to 73 wins gave them not only a regular-season record for victories this year, but also a triple crown of sorts for local TV ratings: the top average rating among all NBA teams for the season, the biggest year-over-year rating increase, and the largest average viewership per game.
“Our market bucks the trends,” said Warriors President and COO Rick Welts. “What is different is beyond the wins and losses is a combination of style and play that attracts people, but also the personalities of the individuals that is bringing people to NBA basketball [in] this market and other markets. There is a certain vibe that this team gives off in how they play.”
This means that the legislation gave the Labour Court and JLCs too much power without adequate guidance and supervision by the Oireachtas.
While he could not give a timeframe for when the interim legislation would be introduced, he said that the intention would be to provide protection for the employment regulation orders governing sectoral wages while his reform package was being put in place.
When consumed, SCP-2488 was known to give the consumer increased physical capability. Although this improvement did not significantly impact Safety Harbor, it allowed for an increased level of productivity that led Safety Harbor into a marginally improved economic and societal standing.
Wallach describes fast track as, "a procedure that basically gives Congress's authority over trade to the president. Congress ends up handcuffed, and an agreement gets negotiated, signed before the Congress ever approves it, and then the president gets to write legislation. It's not subject to committee amendment, and it gets a guaranteed 90-day vote with no amendments."
The lawsuits we are seeing in Maui and Vermont would pale compared to the power that TPP would have to overturn the will of local, state, and national voters. Wallch goes on to state, "it would increase the duration of patents for Big Pharma and, as a result, give them windfall profits but increase our medicine prices. It could roll back financial regulation on big banks. It could limit Internet freedom, sort of sneak through the back door the Stop Online Piracy Act, SOPA. And -- they love this -- it would give special privileges and rights for foreign corporations to skirt around our courts and sue the U.S. government to raid our treasury over any environmental, consumer health law that they think undermine their expected future profits, the so-called "investor-state" enforcement system. Plus, it would have the NAFTA-style rules that make it easier to offshore jobs, making it easier to relocate to low-wage countries."
As if that wasn't scary enough, Wallach continues, "unlike most of our international agreements, the TPP has two strong enforcement mechanisms. First, if the U.S., for instance, were to continue to buy American and give that preference to our domestic economy, or, for that matter, states with Buy Local or communities with Buy Local school food, all of those things would be a violation of that agreement. Then, what happens is, any other country can drag the U.S. into a TPP tribunal, and if we don't get rid of the law, the U.S. would face perpetual trade sanctions, fines. This is actually enforceable international corporate law. The TPP provisions on investment would make some of the TPP constraints on policy actually enforceable by private individual companies, when an individual company could privately enforce a public treaty by insisting the U.S. government compensate the private investor or company out of our taxpayer dollars for any violation of the agreement that undermines their expected future profits." If you thought that bailing out bankers with taxpayers money was bad, TPP is a whole lot worse.
McKnight, 28, was shot about 3 p.m. Thursday (Dec. 1) at the intersection of Behrman Highway and Holmes Boulevard in Terrytown. A witness, who declined to give her name, said she saw a man at the intersection yelling at McKnight, who was trying to apologize. The man shot McKnight more than once, the witness said. She said he shot McKnight, stood over him and said, "I told you don't you f--- with me." Then the man fired again, she said.
The executive order establishing the GEC gives Lumpkin hiring authority to bring in people from outside of the government, quickly.
Galvan also wrote that state law gives governing officials decision-making authority on public health measures, and I-27 interferes with the health board and County Council’s duties and obligations.
Those military commissions, established by presidential order, were assigned to try terror suspects on the basis of evidence and procedures that would never hold up in either a court martial or a federal court. The most frequent and dramatic problems arose when the president’s men determined to use the fruits of coercive interrogation techniques—torture, in the eyes of many within the military justice system—as evidence in a tribunal. Yet the commissions never did become kangaroo courts. You can give part of the credit for that to the unexpectedly assertive federal courts, and part to an occasionally assertive Congress. But Bravin shows, in fascinating and often dramatic detail, how members of the security agencies and the military pushed back against the changes, effectively thwarting the president's men. Officers on the ground turned out to have minds and principles of their own, and those principles frequently conformed more precisely to constitutional values than those of their superiors.
The military jury proved itself immune to these scare tactics and to the government's overwrought theories of culpability. It acquitted Hamdan on the conspiracy count. It convicted him on the charge of material assistance, but instead of the life sentence the prosecution hoped for it gave him five months and eight days after crediting timed-served awaiting trial. (This past October, after the cut-off date of Bravin's narrative, the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington overturned even that conviction, holding that the international law of war did not deem "material support for terrorism" to be a war crime.)
Bravin gives a bit too much credit to the Supreme Court for standing up to the Bush administration's assault on the writ of habeas corpus. While the court dutifully held that Guantanamo prisoners were entitled to challenge their incarceration via the writ, its prescription for the content of habeas hearings was rather watered down. But this is a minor quibble in the face of a remarkable job by one of the news media's most persistent reporters on matters of law and national security. Bravin penetrated a system designed for railroading prisoners in near-total secrecy, and he demonstrated the persistence of many ordinary—and some extraordinary—Americans’ visceral devotion to such quaint notions as the presumption of innocence and the rule of law.
Note: This review gives the views of the author, and not the position of the LSE Review of Books blog, or of the London School of Economics.
According to ESPN the Cardinals are tied for 13th in sacks, fifth in passes defended, tied for fifth in interceptions (10 teams have 12 or 13 INTs) and tied for fifth with seven other teams in eight forced fumbles recovered. Overall the defense is ranked 13th in average yards allowed per game, 19th against the pass and third against the run. These stats are not weighed like FOs but do give some perspective on the hard numbers of the Cardinals defense.
The project has thrown up extraordinary similarities between the brain circuits that allow humans to speak and those that give some birds song: a case of common biology being arrived at via different evolutionary routes.
Some birds are shown to have unexpectedly close relationships, with falcons more closely related to parrots than eagles or vultures, and flamingoes more closely related to pigeons than pelicans. The map also suggests that the earliest common ancestor of land birds was an apex predator, which gave way to the prehistoric giant terror birds that once roamed the Americas.
Birdsong has evolved more than once. Despite sharing many of the same genes, parrots and songbirds gained the ability to learn and copy sounds independently from hummingbirds. More striking is that the group of 50 or so genes that allow some birds to sing is similar to those that give humans the ability to speak. “This means that vocal learning birds and humans are more similar to each other for these genes in song and speech areas in the brain than other birds and primates are to them,” said Erich Jarvis at Duke University in North Carolina.
One of a team of professional Neapolitan pizza makers throws dough to give away free pizza margheritas in Dante square in downtown Naples, on Aug. 27, 2008.
While the industry frets about "lost sales," it has done very little to evolve from the bloated form it took on during the 40+ year run where multiple format shifts resulted in unprecedented sales figures. It's not just the corporate structure that's a problem. And this isn't to say labels haven't shed personnel over the years. It's just that they've been forced to make cuts due to falling revenue, rather than actively working to streamline their operations to fit the expectations of the internet age. Frontline staff and low-level employees have lost jobs but there are still many layers of employees distancing artists from those who own them.Then there are the lawyers. Some are there to ensure every last bit of revenue can be wrung out of an artist before any royalty checks are cut. Some are there to explore every possible legal angle that might be used to combat piracy The first sort have always been present. The latter still exist only because industry heads still hold out hope that file sharing can somehow be defeated with court orders and legislation.Albini says the first set are roughly as useless as the last.But youneed a contract if the "relationship" is actually just exploitation. This is why contracts are of utmost importance to the recording industry. Artists may initially show enthusiasm when offered a recording contract, but a few years down the road, they often find they're cranking out recordings just to avoid going deeper in debt. An equitable agreement -- like those used by Albini (who prefers a flat-rate fee for his production work, rather than seeking a cut of every sale or stream in perpetuity) -- doesn't need a multi-page contract or a team of lawyers. Honesty and openness up front can trim a lot of pages from an agreement... as well as the jobs of lawyers whose entire purpose is to ensure "agreements" are as long and inscrutable as possible.Lastly, Albini goes after copyright -- itself a legacy business model.Those arguing that stronger copyright protections will somehow "control" social sharing aren't grasping the reality of the situation. As it stands now, any copyright holder can demand $150,000 per infringement in statutory damages, and yet, that has had no appreciable effect on infringement. Just ask Rightscorp , which offers $20/infringement "settlements" while waving threats of $150,000 "fines" over internet subscribers' heads. It's in the business of spending money to lose money.The idea that lifetime+ copyright terms will put creators' grandkids through college is likewise suspect. Grandkids are going to college thanks to these terms, but they're the descendants of label execs and studio heads.The "control" offered by copyright is an illusion. The continued belief in this misconception allows labels to take advantage of artists. An artist may feel (incorrectly) that an individual can never hope to fully exploit his or her creations without the assistance of the marketing and legal teams of major labels, but they almost invariably have to give up full control of their creations to make use of these services. What good is their copyright then? It's not even. And the assistance they're receiving is charged up front at full retail and paid off with royalties -- a tiny percentage of actual sales and profit.As Albini points out, the way people enjoy music continues to change, and attempts to offer iterations of existing platforms and services is missing the point. People, for the most part, don't care about the quality of streaming music. They only care about the convenience. Albini notes that people carried around transistor radios to enjoy music on the go, something that offered truly terrible sound quality, but was no less popular for doing so. The way people consume and distribute creations will continue to change, but trying to harness that potential using contracts, outdated business models and delusions of control will never work.
After leaving Rugby in 1826, he went to Brasenose College, Oxford, aged 20. He played cricket for his college, and for Oxford University against Cambridge University in a first-class match in 1827.[6][7] He graduated with a B.A. in 1829 and received his M.A. in 1831. He entered the Church and became chaplain of St George's Chapel, Albemarle Street, London (closed c.1909),[8] and then rector of St. Clement Danes in the Strand. He became well known as a low church evangelical clergyman. In 1855, he became rector of Magdalen Laver in Essex. A picture of him (the only known portrait) appeared in the Illustrated London News in 1854, after he gave a particularly stirring sermon on the subject of the Crimean War.
What happened to the 63-year-old in just the last week is striking. On Saturday night, word leaked out that he had given into the White House’s demand that he allow tax rates on the rich to snap to 39.6 percent. Immediately, conservatives were grumbling but still gave Boehner room to maneuver.
Scientists are not able to categorically prove such cause and effect. However, a study already submitted to a peer-reviewed journal has suggested that climate change has increased the chances of Desmond-like storms by about 40 per cent – give or take a rather large margin of error.
A little birdie gave this to us this morning. It was evident that Microsoft's releasing of Mango would lead to leaks, such as the one over at XDA Developers. Unfortunately, these leaks required the users to already be developer unlocked, which more or less took the point out of it. Thankfully, a solution is now available.
Angola wanted to give the parties more time to implement the peace deal, it said.
He said Beijing would respond by making "timely and proper adjustments" in exchange and interest rate policy, but gave no details.
The only thing notable about this code is that we raise Exception explicitly, rather than some derivative of it such as RuntimeError . Assertion violations are by definition indicative of an error in the code, which means we should give the program little opportunity to rescue the exception and continue. By raising Exception, we ensure the error will bypass default rescue clauses.
Lee has one piece of advice for chefs cooking in small spaces: splitting the fridge and freezer into a half-fridge and half-freezer actually gives you more counter space.
Along with the cast of guests, the new album also continues the long time working partnership with Arnaud Giroux, a collaboration that Kruspe is very happy to see continue. “He’s the one that keeps me going,” he says. “Arnaud’s the one that actually never gave up on me. There were so many times when I was frustrated, and I wanted to bring in a different singer and he was ‘nope, you’re the one, you have to sing it’. My mentor when it came down to making me as a singer. And he’s French, so he has a very interesting way sometimes with melodies!”
Calderón's biography during the next few years is obscure. His brother, Diego Calderón, died in 1647. A son, Pedro José, was born to Calderón and an unknown woman between 1647 and 1649; the mother died soon after. Calderón committed his son to the care of his nephew, José, son of Diego. Perhaps for reasons relating to these personal trials, Calderón became a tertiary of the order of St Francis in 1650, and then finally joined the priesthood. He was ordained in 1651, and became a priest at San Salvador church, in Madrid. According to a statement he made a year or two later, he decided to give up writing secular dramas for the commercial theatres.
"There's a silver lining in that now we know when Canada is planning to cease activity. So that gives us a deadline to develop more capacity and to potentially even build a new reactor that might take over," Atcher said.
3. Duh. I’m a missionary – Hoping that a person will give the Bible a chance is, like, what I do.
Also? This really resonated with me because when I first became interested in the whole Jesus thing, someone gave me a Bible and I practically ran home because I was so excited to dive in. But, unlike my twitter friend, Nowhere Man, I wasn’t smart enough to ask for suggestions as to the best way to do that. So, since the Bible is a book (and I’ve always been in the habit of starting books in the beginning and ending them at the end) I opened it to page one and just started reading.
I asked El Chupacabra what advice he would give a first time Bible reader and he recommended starting off by reading the Gospels in chronological order (Bible-y folks call this a “Harmony of the Gospel” because Christians can’t be trusted to use secular words, like “chronology”). This method will have you bouncing around a bit, but it can give you a cohesive idea as to how Jesus lived, taught, traveled and spent his time. I’m a fan. And, yes, El Chupacabra is a genius.
For me, understanding the Bible is a process. I had to learn to give it time to sink in. I had to soak it up. I had to wrestle with it for a long while before any of it made any sense at all. But I find that the more time I spend with it, the more of it I am able to take on. I don’t always get it. I still close it sometimes to push it across the table and scratch my head in confusion. But, for me, one thing is certain; Having a Savior isn’t just an idea that I carry in my head anymore, it has become a Truth which has penetrated my very flesh and bone, it beats in time with my heart, whispers in my breath, and stirs my soul…
Peter Sloterdijk has argued that the anthropocene “paves the way for a fundamental change in attitude whereby human beings lose their status as would-be ‘lords and masters’ of nature and become atmosphere designers and climate guardians.” 12 The Pope gives a similar message stating that ““our “dominion” over the universe should be understood more properly in the sense of responsible stewardship.”13 With the anthropocene, the ability to design the world has been placed in human hands. The climate crisis is not only an ecological event, but also a socio-political crisis which means that human design pervades into this realm as well. Creation care cannot be separated from issues of economic or social oppression. Thus, when designing a response to the climate crisis one must consider the social, economic and political in addition to the ecological.
Going forward I’m not sure exactly what this goes, or where these pathways lead. Andrew Culp’s thesis that “We need to stop saving the world in order to find new ones”33 is one that works against sustainability and towards the new becoming, outside of ‘the world’. For Culp, the “[d]iscourse of domination is winning…we need to explore new discourses of the anthropocene”34. Yet, it still doesn’t unlock or give a simple answer to what these discourses look like. Creating and affirming new ways to explore and work within the anthropocene is the next step. This involves the affirmation of technologies that are used in ways that benefit zoe, rather than harm. Rather than Francis’ return to a simpler time, we must contemplate technologies that move outside of capitalism and consumption. Affirming new technologies that strive towards zoe-egalitrianism. Now it is up to us to create these affirmative intensities.
*** Shake it up: By selecting Paul Ryan as his running mate on Saturday, Mitt Romney did something that Walter Mondale, Bob Dole, Al Gore, and John McCain did in previous presidential contests: They used their VP pick to try to shake things up. Trailing in the summer, they chose a running mate -- be it Geraldine Ferraro, Jack Kemp, Joe Lieberman, or Sarah Palin -- to change the fundamentals of the race. These picks all worked in the short run, but only once (with Lieberman) did it serve its purpose for the rest of the campaign. (Gore, after all, was able to battle back to where he actually won the popular vote.) So how will this play out for Romney? By picking Ryan, he made the calculation that he needed to pick someone to help redefine himself, first and foremost. The move also serves to fire up conservatives, give the GOP ticket a jolt of youthful energy, and make the case he now stands for something big. But it also wasn’t the kind of VP selection we saw from George W. Bush in 2000 or Barack Obama in 2008 that essentially said: “I’ve got this thing.” Instead, by picking Ryan, Romney said: “I need some help.”
Shannon Stapleton / Reuters Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney claps as vice president select Congressman Paul Ryan, R-Wisc., gives the thumbs up to supporters during a campaign event in Waukesha, Wisconsin August 12, 2012.
Ted Cruz, the Texas senator currently in fourth in recent polls of the Republican field, gave a shrewd performance at the debate in Milwaukee on Tuesday night. He largely avoided the spotlight, instead allowing Ben Carson, John Kasich, Donald Trump, and Marco Rubio to squabble among themselves. His talking points, however, when he offered them, were carefully crafted to appeal to Evangelicals, Tea Partiers, and voters who want an outsider in the White House. In other words: much of the Republican base. As MSNBC wrote last month, “The Texas senator could very well be the sleeper, the ambush predator, and the fabled tortoise of this election.”
On the second day of the festival, I had actually, by chance, run into Pat hanging out near the Barn. I asked if he would be interested in doing some kind of final interview, either before or after his final show, and he firmly declined. That’s not to say he was unfriendly- he was more than happy to chat with me for a while about music, spirituality, and Russian history; he even introduced me to his dad who, by a bizarre coincidence, grew up in the same small Minnesotan town as my mom- however he made it very clear that he didn’t want to give any on the record assessments about punk rock or anarchism. He honestly just seemed like he had moved on from thinking and talking about those two subjects.
And with that, he gave the audience a thumbs-up and disappeared behind the painted curtain.
Davis’ sixth and seventh runs were his two best runs of the game in my opinion. They both featured elements of busted blocking by the offensive line in which Davis made an initial move to create more yards than what his offensive line gave him. I truthfully have not been that impressed by Davis’ initial lateral quickness, but I definitely admit that these plays had me reconsider as I was watching this game.
Overall, I gave Davis a “B” grade on this game. By my tracking, he had six positive scoring runs, two negative scoring runs, and seven neutral scoring runs. If he didn’t have the one big negative run that I showed above, he easily would have been a “B+” on the day but that bad play lowered his average.
The next few minutes were a blur of tears and emotions for Johnstone, who had bolted from the room -- as fast as one can without a right ACL. He didn’t make it far before Bernardi chased him down and gave his protege a shoulder to cry on. Once Johnstone gathered himself some, he and head coach Mark Helfrich called Johnstone’s parents, then Greatwood gathered Grasu and Fisher so they could tell the rest of the group.
I must acknowledge one piece of the puzzle that gave me a slight advantage that no one has today. At the time of my lawsuit, New York was the last state who hadn’t adopted no-fault laws. This gave me leverage that no one can use in court today. Now, everyone is at the mercy of their spouse and can’t contest their divorce. In fact, most people have no idea that your spouse can file for divorce for any reason and not have to prove why they want out of the marriage. This is a real disadvantage for the monied spouse in my state because the custodial parent gains an advantage with the child support guidelines. The spouse who makes more money is ordered to pay the non-custodial parent.
Today it seems that many women intentionally abuse a system that was set up in the 1950’s and 1960’s to assist with the necessary expenses of child rearing for children that both parents gave consent to have. Now that women have joined the workforce in unprecedented numbers–and birth control frees them from the constraints they were otherwise under–it makes little sense to keep men stuck back in an era that has long passed. Women don’t want to go back to that era-men don’t either. If times have progressed for women, why are men forced to stay in the past?
For father’s day, give your ex the gift of letting him be a father.
OPIOIDS ARE WILDLY OVER-PRESCRIBED AFTER C-SECTIONS Opioids are over-prescribed to women after a cesarean section in America, a new report warns. Most new mothers received double the amount of painkillers they need for a c-section - 40 pills rather than 20 - according to a study that looks at prescription rates in six parts of the US. That is a huge overflow, the researchers warn, give that a c-section delivery is the most common inpatient surgical procedure in the United States, with around 1.4 million c-sections performed each year. Crucially, they found women tended to take more pills if they had them, even if their pain levels were not strong. The review is one of the first attempts to collate data from providers and institutions nationwide, to offer a clear national picture. Opioids, most commonly oxycodone, are the standard pain medications prescribed to women following cesarean delivery. But the number of pills that are prescribed varies between providers and institutions, and there is little data regarding how much pain medication patients actually require to manage their pain.
Glass kept walking. After many weeks, he joined six French traders at Fort Kiowa, who he thought might drop him off near Fort Tilton, where he suspected the rifle thieves would be. After six weeks he parted ways with the Frenchmen. Just a mile later, they were butchered by Ree. Some Ree spotted Glass and gave chase, but a Mandan on horseback swept in, pulled him aboard and took him to his village. Mandans generally didn't like Ree. The Mandan villagers made a big deal over him. For supper? Man's best friend.
From: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org> To: Mark Paustenbach <markpaustenbach@gmail.com> Subject: RE: Bernie narrative Thread-Topic: Bernie narrative Thread-Index: AQHRs8AvQtUQ9aKs30KucVWjje9Zyp/EG7Pk Date: Sat, 21 May 2016 17:34:09 -0700 Message-ID: <05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5@dncdag1.dnc.org> References: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SCL: -1 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_" MIME-Version: 1.0 --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. So we'll have to leave it alone. ________________________________ From: Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@gmail.com] Sent: Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM To: Miranda, Luis Subject: Bernie narrative Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Ber= nie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess. Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the campaign = to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something critic= al. She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his staff to respond t= o our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which is why we had t= o shut off their access in order to get them to finally let us know exactly= how they snooped around HFA's data. Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got back= to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six weeks ear= lier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie personall= y for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an= awful list just a few days before we had to make the announcements. It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act together. --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html dir=3D"ltr"> <head> <meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Diso-8859-= 1"> <style type=3D"text/css" id=3D"owaParaStyle"></style> </head> <body fpstyle=3D"1" ocsi=3D"0"> <div style=3D"direction: ltr;font-family: Tahoma;color: #000000;font-size: = 10pt;">True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. <div><br> </div> <div>So we'll have to leave it alone. </div> <div><br> <div style=3D"font-family: Times New Roman; color: #000000; font-size: 16px= "> <hr tabindex=3D"-1"> <div id=3D"divRpF822574" style=3D"direction: ltr;"><font face=3D"Tahoma" si= ze=3D"2" color=3D"#000000"><b>From:</b> Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@g= mail.com]<br> <b>Sent:</b> Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM<br> <b>To:</b> Miranda, Luis<br> <b>Subject:</b> Bernie narrative<br> </font><br> </div> <div></div> <div>Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is tha= t Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.&nbs= p; <div><br> </div> <div>Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the camp= aign to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something&n= bsp;critical.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his sta= ff to respond to our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which = is why we had to shut off their access in order to get them to finally= let us know exactly how they snooped around HFA's data.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got= back to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six week= s earlier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie pers= onally for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an awful list just a few day= s before we had to make the announcements. </div> <div><br> </div> <div>It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act toget= her. </div> </div> </div> </div> </div> </body> </html> --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_--
1. Sleeping on your belly gives you erotic dreams
4. Black and white television gives you black and white dreams
This might be a bit hard to digest, but a study has found out that different types of cheeses can affect your dreams. All cheeses contain an amino acid called tryptophan, which is helpful in normalizing sleep and reducing stress levels. A 2005 study conducted by the British Cheese Board discovered that the subjects who normally ate cheddar cheese dreamt more about celebrities; the people who ate Blue cheese (Blue Stilton) experienced bizarre dreams. Cheshire gave the best night's sleep, but it caused dreamlessness. The people who ate Red Lancashire had nostalgic dreams about their families and childhood and the ones who ate Blue Lancashire dreamt mostly about their work.
Even smells have an influence on dreams. Similar to noise, our brain interprets smells as a signal and incorporates it in dreams. For example, the scent of rose gave people pleasant dreams while the scent of rotten eggs gave weird dreams to people.
each [individual term] signifies either substance or quantity or qualification or a relative or where or when or being in a position or having or doing or being affected. To give a rough idea, ideas of substance are man, horse; of quantity: four foot, five foot; of qualification; white, grammatical; of a relative: double, half, larger; of where: in the Lyceum, in the market-place; of when: yesterday, last year; of being in a position: is-lying, is-sitting; of having: has-shoes-on, has-armour-on; of doing: cutting, burning; of being-affected: being-cut, being-burnt. (1b25–2a4)
substances are those enduring particulars that give unity to our spatio-temporal framework, and the individuation and re-identification of which enables us to locate ourselves in that framework. (It should be remarked in passing that at least one major expositor of Aristotle (Irwin: 1988, especially chs 1, 9, 10) attributes a very similar intention to Aristotle himself.)
Plato rejected these materialist attempts to explain everything on the basis of that of which it was made. According to Plato, the governing principles were the intelligible Forms which material objects attempted to copy. These Forms are not substances in the sense of being either the stuff or the individuals or the kinds of individuals out of which all else is constructed. Rather they are the driving principles which give structure and purpose to everything else. In itself, the rest would be, at most, an unintelligible chaos. The Forms meet criterion (i)—ontological basicness—but in a slightly eccentric way, because they do not, in a normal sense, constitute things. They meet (ii)—durability—in a strong fashion, for they are eternal. They are not, in the intended senses, the subjects of predication, and in no sense the subjects of change, so they do badly on (iii) and (iv). They do not do well on (v) for they are not individual things in any normal sense, though they are individuals, of a very unusual kind. (Aristotle’s main criticism of Plato’s Forms was that they are a bastard confusion of universal and particular. See Fine (1993).) They are in no way kinds of stuff, hence failing (vi). But failure to meet these standards is not carelessness on Plato’s part. It reflects his emphasis on criterion (i), together with his particular view about the way in which forms are basic.
‘It is reasonable that, after the primary substances, their species and genera should be the only other things called (secondary) substance. For only they, of things predicated, reveal the primary substance.’ (2 b28–30) ‘Of the secondary substances the species is more a substance than the genus, since it is nearer to the primary substance. For if one is to say of the primary substance what it is, it will be more apt to give the species than the genus.’ (2 b8–11)
The second of these two points is more uncontroversial than the first, for it is indubitable that species terms focus more precisely on particular things than generic terms. The first is, however, once again intuitive but not compelling. It appeals to the fundamental intuition that ‘dog’ tells you what Fido is better than ‘brown thing’ does, but does not really give a reason for this claim. Only in Section 3.3, when we discuss Wiggins’s theory, will we find more formal reasons for treating species or sortal concepts as more revealing of ‘what something really is’ than are other terms.
The Categories sets out important logical distinctions between different kinds of attribute, but it does not enter into a metaphysical analysis of substance itself. This takes place mainly in Metaphysics, Book Z. In the latter, the analysis of substances in terms of form and matter is developed, whereas these notions have no place in Categories. The distinction has led some commentators to talk of Aristotle’s ‘two systems’, containing two radically different conceptions of substance. (Graham 1987) In the earlier, Categories, substances are simply individuals; in the later work they are complexes of form and matter. Whether this represents a change of view, or whether the purposes of the Categories simply did not require reference to the metaphysical analysis of substance is a moot point. It seems unlikely, however, given Aristotle’s Platonic background, that his early thought was oblivious to the role of form in substance. Whichever interpretation of the development of Aristotle’s thought is correct, the introduction of substantial form is what gives the fully developed Aristotelian account of substance.
Aristotle acknowledges that there are three candidates for being called substance, and that all three are substance in some sense or to some degree. First, there is matter, second, form and third, the composite of form and matter. Aristotle acknowledges that matter can be a subject of predication and of change, thereby meeting one of the main criteria set up in Categories (1028 b35ff). This suggests an inadequacy or incompleteness in the account in Categories, for there he had seemed to assume that being the subject of predication belonged peculiarly to substance, and also that a subject is an individual of an appropriate kind—what he calls a ‘this such’: and matter is not an individual, but that from which an individual is made. Two of the criteria of substancehood presented in the Introduction above are: (v) being individuals and kinds of individual; (vi) being stuffs and kinds of stuff. Aristotle acknowledges that things under (vi)—‘natural bodies such as fire and water and everything of that sort’ (1028 b10–11)—are, or are thought to be, substances. But, without seeming to give much argument, he strongly favours (v) over (vi).
The analogy with thought hardly emphasizes the independence of substance! Nevertheless, created substances do constitute the created world, and do, in that sense, meet criterion (i) for being substance. They are also the subjects of predication, so they meet criterion (iii). Leibniz’s substances, however, are the bearers of change (criterion (iv)) in a very different way from Aristotle’s individual substances. An Aristotelian individual possesses some properties essentially and some accidentally. The accidental properties of an object are ones that can be gained and lost over time, and which it might never have possessed at all: its essential properties are the only ones it had to possess and which it possesses throughout its existence. The situation is different for Leibniz’s monads—which is the name he gives to individual substances, created or uncreated (so God is a monad). Whereas, for Aristotle, the properties that an object has to possess and those that it possesses throughout its existence coincide, they do not do so for Leibniz. That is, for Leibniz, even the properties that an object possesses only for a part of its existence are essential to it. Every monad bears each of its properties as part of its nature, so if it were to have been different in any respect, it would have been a different entity.
The idea then we have, to which we give the general name substance, being nothing, but the supposed, but unknown support of those qualities, we find existing, which we imagine cannot subsist, sine re substante, without something to support them, we call that support substantia, which, according to the true import of the word, is in plain English, standing under or upholding. (II xxiii 2)
This argument seems to conflate the notions of substratum as pure logical support with that as minute parts. If he means minute parts, then, though it is true that we do not and, in his view, cannot know in detail what they are, we have a theory, which he endorses, that they are probably minute parts as conceived by the atomists, which means they have primary qualities similar in kind though not in scale to those possessed by macroscopic objects. This gives a coherent, though speculative, conception of material substance. Of spiritual substance, we have no similar hypothesis. If, on the other hand, he means pure logical substratum, there is nothing to know, for there is no more to it, in either the material or spiritual case, than its role as substratum. He seems to conflate the ignorance we have of minute parts with the logical emptiness of the idea of pure substratum.
Thus Hume’s treatment of substance is like his treatment of causation, in that he sees both as the projection onto the world of a tendency of our minds either to pass from one thing to another or to associate them in some way. He either doubts that there are such things as substance or causation (scepticism) or even positively denies that there are (nihilism). Out of Hume’s very forthright negative attitude there developed two more subtle variants. One of these variants is in the empiricist tradition. That tradition modified Hume’s approach by developing it into a form of reductionism. The experiences which gave rise, through habit, to the mistaken belief (in, for example, substance or causation) are presented as what the belief really affirms. That is, the empirical basis for what Hume deems to be an illusion, is reinterpreted as the reductive account of the concept. Causation then becomes constant conjunction, or substance a name for a bundle of properties organized in a certain way or the continuing of the possibility of certain sensations.
In the Kantian philosophy of P. F. Strawson (1959, 1966), this framework of necessity is taken in a more common-sense and realist spirit. The world must possess such enduring objects for it to be intelligible for us—indeed, for us to be part of it, for we are essentially stable bodies amongst other stable bodies. The important point for both Strawson and Kant is that there must be substances for there to be a coherent empirical, spatio-temporal world. Substance has become a formal concept of central importance—that is a concept with a special central role in the structure of our conceptual scheme—rather than being the name for certain kinds of important things in the world. This distinction, however, is one that has to be handled carefully, especially within a realist Kantian framework, such as Strawson provides. This should become clear below when we discuss Wiggins’s theory, which is both Aristotelian and Strawsonian. Nevertheless, it gives ground for adding the seventh of the marks of substance mentioned in the Introduction, namely that substances are those enduring particulars that give unity to our spatio-temporal framework and individuation and re-identification of which enables us to locate ourselves in that framework.
The Aristotelian tradition anchors the concept of substance, at least in nature, primarily to instances of species of natural object. The Kantian tradition ties it to those enduring bodies the individuation of which gives sense and structure to our spatio-temporal framework. David Wiggins (1967, 1980, 2001) has made a sustained attempt to prove that these two objectives necessarily go together and to make the Aristotelian notion of substance, even including its bias towards the biological, central to our practice of individuating objects.
How might we choose between sortalism and somatism? The dispute between them can seem difficult to pin down. Perhaps an irenic compromise is possible. Metaphysically, this compromise favours the somatist, but seems to give the sortalist everything he should want. The principle of the compromise is that Wiggins’s formal argument is correct: and hence it is necessarily true that Relative Identity is not possible. But it is only a contingent truth that the terms that can substitute for F in his formal proof are generally—but not always—sortals of an Aristotelian kind. Anything can be substituted for F which picks the object out as a unified body.
A: That was a major accomplishment last year for us, to become bowl eligible. Unfortunately, there were too many teams, so we didn’t get to go based on those transition rules, but that did a lot to infuse confidence into our program. For our first season playing an FBS schedule with 11 FBS games and to end the way we did on a three-game winning streak and to beat the best team in the west, Louisiana Tech, that gave us a lot of confidence. So, the players in the program and the coaches already know that we can get bowl eligible. But the goal for this year’s team isn’t just to get to a bowl game but to compete for the eastern division championship in Conference USA, which will be a major challenge with Western Kentucky and Marshall, both of which are picked pretty high in our division. But we know that if we accomplish that, then we will be playing on December 5 in the Conference USA championship and will already be guaranteed a pretty good bowl game. This team already knows it can become bowl eligible, but the goals and expectations will always be higher than that.
At some point, though, these same developers are sometimes asked to go farther than a "mere" web presence (word in quotes because everyone who develops web software knows it's harder than it looks to pull off, but there are always those who would give it short shrift). In this rapidly changing world, it's not enough to just have a web presence: You also need mobile and desktop applications.
In short, Titanium is a rapid application development platform that uses HTML, JavaScript, and CSS (for starters) to develop desktop and mobile applications. The framework also supports the use of Python, Ruby, and PHP, which, together with the front-end technologies, gives you access to a whole range of familiar technologies you can use to create applications.
Analysts say the deal will further cement Flipkart's position at the top of India's online retail market, and give it extra firepower in its battle with Amazon, which is the country's second biggest player.
The deal with an established global player like eBay, meanwhile, will give Flipkart some much-needed technological and market expertise, said Gartner's Shen.
"It gives a foundation to our faith, a sense of permanence," said Bishop Barker. "There's a lot of excitement to have our own building here in the Nixa-Ozark region."
RANGPUR, Bangladesh — “If they see me talking to you, they’re going to give me a lot of trouble,” says Abdul Rahim.
But such a cam­paign is un­likely to ever hap­pen. “Ul­ti­mately, the na­tion­al se­cur­ity staff,” he said, re­fer­ring to per­son­nel that make up the of­fi­cials and ad­visers of the Na­tion­al Se­cur­ity Coun­cil, “does not want to give up con­trol of the con­flict.” The polit­ics of the de­cision to de­ploy any kind of autonom­ous weaponry mat­ters as much as the cap­ab­il­ity of the tech­no­logy it­self. “With an autonom­ous sys­tem, the con­sequences of fail­ure are worse in the pub­lic’s mind. There’s something about hu­man er­ror that makes people more com­fort­able with col­lat­er­al dam­age if a per­son does it,” Mc­Cants said.
“In fact, to the complete contrary, the speech I gave was a strong condemnation of both fascism and communism. I specifically called fascism an evil. And the ‘congratulations’ that I gave, were to the Croatian Community for their fight AGAINST [his capitals] fascism.”
Bastian Schweinsteiger admitted it "wasn't easy" training by himself during his exile from the first team at Manchester United, but added he didn't give up because he wanted to show the club he was a player people could trust.
Make no mistake: Replacing Clinton this late in the game would be a huge gamble. It would demoralize some Democrats, especially Clinton’s female support base. The fact that Biden is so strong on women’s issues, including abortion, and has pushed the envelope on gay marriage and other elements of the liberal agenda might be small consolation for having to give up on the dream of the first female president.
In 1977, Sarah's relationship with Prince Charles led to the first meeting between Diana and her future husband.[10] She later commented on her sister's marriage saying: "I introduced them. I'm Cupid."[11] During the period in which she dated the prince, she allegedly met two reporters, James Whittaker and Nigel Nelson, at a restaurant and gave them an exclusive report on her royal connection.[12] She is said to have admitted to having been diagnosed with anorexia, having "thousands of boyfriends", a past problem involving alcohol, and that she had started keeping a scrapbook of all the press clippings about her royal romance that she intended to "show" future grandchildren. "Her head seemed to be turned by the publicity", the two reporters later said. She also declared that she would not marry Charles "if he were the dustman or the King of England".[12] When the article was released, she showed it to the prince, which made him furious[12] and he replied, "You've just done something incredibly stupid". The relationship dissolved soon after that. Some have stated the relationship between her and Diana was strained, because of her long resentment of the Prince marrying Diana and not her, though others (including Diana's biographer Andrew Morton) have said she was one of the few people Diana trusted. Later in Diana's life, she often accompanied Diana on official visits as one of her ladies-in-waiting.[13]
Sarah has shared a lifelong close relationship with her younger sister Jane. Author Anne Edwards, who wrote a best-selling biography of Diana, said Diana's two older sisters were extremely close and loyal to each other. Sarah gave her first child, Emily, the middle name of 'Jane' in a tribute to her younger sister. Her relationship with younger brother Earl Spencer has been volatile at the best of times. As the eldest and the youngest of the Spencer children, they have clashed frequently in adulthood and childhood. In recent years, possibly due to the death of their sister, the siblings appear to have settled previous differences.
Jahlil was extremely close to his mother, who was 29 at the time. “Whenever I saw her, I would give her a big hug,” he says. “She would take me to the basketball court and I would watch her play. She was very strict. She would stress to me being respectful of women. People always credit me for being nice to people, but that was all due to her. She was also really funny, a big jokester.”
Citizen journalist Norifumi Ohtani at Miyazaki Citizen Media criticized [ja] social media users who shared this image without verifying its source and traced the image to right wing activists who apparently fabricated the image, and gave it an official government seal.
David Jones, chief market strategist at IG Markets, says the rising demand for bitcoin makes it a potential safe haven given that the currency has a limited output – by 2140, all bitcoins will have been generated. "If it's something where there will always be demand, the fact that it's limited should give you security, like with gold," Jones said. "The issue is whether at this stage, where it's gone up 200 percent, there is a lot further for it to go. No one knows."
I w0n’t belabor the methods, which themselves involve assumptions, but they yield estimates of arthropod species much lower than that found by Erwin. Hamilton, using probability distributions for various estimates (such as the proportion of beetle species that specialize on a certain tree), come up with a range of species numbers, each having a relative likelihood. The two separate models give a median species number of 2.5 million (90% confidence interval: 1.1-5.4 million) and and 3.7 million (c.i. 2.0-7.4 million) tropical arthropod species in toto; Erwin’s estimate of 30 million or more has a probability of less than 0.001% of being true.
"First and foremost, Miiverse is created for gamers to talk about games - to give everyone the chance to ask questions about a game/app, for example, or if you get stuck and need help in-game. "But over time, some people have started using Miiverse for other things, such as long chats that are not strictly game-related. These posts would prevent others from enjoying their favourite communities to the fullest. In order to keep Miiverse game-centred for you, we decided to redesign Miiverse, which includes introducing the posting limitation." — Erica, Nintendo Representative on Miiverse
Like many universities and community, Duke has had a summer reading for many years to give incoming students a shared intellectual experience with other members of the class (you can see the most recent selections at https://studentaffairs.duke.edu/new-students/common-experience).
You would think that by the time a person becomes the Director of the CIA, he would have a correct understanding of the Constitution, which is the founding document of the federal government, which the CIA is part of. This should be especially true when the CIA Director is a former member of Congress, a graduate of West Point, and the holder of a law degree from Harvard.Embarrassingly, such is not the case with CIA Director and former U.S. Congressman Mike Pompeo. In a speech delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Pompeo demonstrated a woeful lack of understanding of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment.Referring to his belief that WikiLeaks official Julian Assange, who is a citizen of Australia, should be indicted and prosecuted by the U.S. government for revealing secrets of the U.S. national-security establishment, Pompeo stated:That is quite an amazing statement. It’s also a misleading and fallacious one.What Pompeo obviously doesn’t get is that no one, including American citizens, has First Amendment freedoms. There’s a simple reason for that: Freedoms don’t come from the First Amendment. Or to put it another way, the First Amendment doesn’t give anyone, including Americans, any freedoms at all.People’s freedoms also don’t come from the Constitution. They don’t come from the federal government. They don’t come from the troops, the CIA, or the NSA either.Freedom comes from nature and from God. Even if the Constitution had never been approved by the American people — that is, even if the federal government had never been called into existence — people would still have their fundamental, natural,God-given rights. That’s because freedom and other natural, God-given rights preexist government and, therefore, exist independently of government.Thomas Jefferson makes this point clear in the Declaration of Independence when he points out that people are endowed with unalienable rights by nature and God, not by government or by some document that calls government into existence.There is something else that is important to note here: As Jefferson points out, everyone, not just American citizens, is endowed with these natural, God-given rights, including life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. That includes people who are citizens of other countries. Citizenship has nothing to do rights that are vested in everyone by nature and God.At the risk of belaboring the obvious, that includes Julian Assange. His freedom does not come from the Constitution or the First Amendment or by the Australian government. His freedom comes from the same source that your freedom and my freedom come from — from nature and from God.So, what is the purpose of government? Jefferson makes it clear: Government’s job is to protect the exercise of natural or God-given rights, including liberty.What about the First Amendment? If its purpose is not to give people rights, including freedom, what is its purpose?The purpose of the First Amendment, in part, is to protect the preexisting, natural, God-given freedom of people to publish whatever they want, including the dark, illegal, illicit, immoral, and evil secrets of the federal government, including such dark-side, totalitarian-like nefarious activities as assassination, murder, disappearances, coups, torture, abuse, partnerships with dictators, rendition, kidnapping, illegal surveillance, rendition, destruction of incriminatory evidence, illegal invasions and wars of aggression, and secret prison facilities.That’s what Pompeo and others of his ilk just don’t get: The purpose of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights is to protect people from federal officials like him — officials who are hell-bent on destroying our lives, freedom, and prosperity, and well-being, all in the name of “keeping us safe” or protecting “national security.”Our ancestors were wise people. They knew that the federal government would inevitably attract people like Pompeo. That’s why the Constitution brought into existence a government of extremely limited powers rather than a general power that would enable federal officials like Pompeo to just do the “right” thing.That’s also why the Constitution didn’t empower the federal government to have a CIA, NSA, and standing army. Our ancestors knew that a national-security establishment would inevitably end up destroying people’s freedom in the name of “keeping them safe” and that it would inevitably try to punish people for publicizing and opposing its destruction of liberty.That’s why our ancestors demanded the enactment of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights as a condition for approving the Constitution. They wanted to protect people’s fundamental rights and liberties from federal officials like Pompeo, who they knew would be the biggest threats to people’s fundamental, natural, God-given rights and freedoms.Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation
Between the large packs, cards in chests, and limited modes letting you keep cards, Eternal gives out a whole lot of those low rarity cards. You’ll get full playsets of them very quickly! The flip side of that is that the crafting/recycling rates on them is very disadvantageous. With that in mind, I believe the best budget decks are those made out of whatever you have, rather than out of “cheap crafts”, which are actually the worst investment you can make.
If you’re referring to this table in the context of drafting, it’s better to give some amount of priority to rares over C/Us. Common or Uncommon can be used as a tie-breaker in case you’re unsure between two picks, but should not matter that much otherwise.
The indictment of Israel continued as more statistics were given regarding the government’s distribution of water. “During negotiations [with Palestine] they decided on a set amount to give to Palestinians, but that number hasn’t been raised even though the population is increasing, temperatures are rising,” one student explained.
Krause grew up skiing on the East Coast at Stratton Mountain School and Monday was his 12th FIS giant slalom, and only win, at Stowe Mountain Resort. He said that the experience he’s had at Stowe gave him an edge on the much of the competition.
Seeking to bring stability and turn the city around, GOP Gov. Rick Snyder appointed Orr under a Michigan law that gives emergency managers nearly unlimited power.
And while her own parents are glad to have her back, they are concerned that the baby she is soon to give birth to will affect the rest of the family.
Here’s what Republicans and conservatives need to understand: the left-wing media’s attack on Trump is not just an attack on Trump. It’s really an attack on anyone who doesn’t hew the progressive line. A March editorial in The New York Times gave the game away: “Last week Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, elected to the Senate partly on their appeal to extremists, seemed….” Catherine Rampell wrote in The Washington Post, “Is Donald Trump really so much crazier or more extreme than the other Republicans presidential candidates?”
"I think it gives the impression that [the police] are trying to avoid — that they abuse their authority," he said, adding that the EPS might end up attracting the wrong kind of people to apply to the force.
Storj Labs provides decentralized cloud storage and gives users more control over their devices and data providing an open-source cloud platform: Storj. The company aims to become the largest, most innovative, cost-effective, and high-performance cloud storage provider by utilizing spare hard drive space provided by its community members.
Methylbutanol is a compound that gives cookies and baked goods a toasty or malty taste. When Blumenthal chews on a dry biscuit, the flavor dutifully registers on the line graph on a screen. But when he then dips the biscuit into tea and takes another bite, the "flavor line" noticeably spikes up on the chart.
About a decade ago, MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) generated tremendous excitement over the idea that anyone with an Internet connection could learn anything they wanted for free. The hype eventually gave way to hard questions about quality and effectiveness. Studies done in 2013 by the University of Pennsylvania’s Graduate School of Education and by the U.K.’s Open University reported MOOC course completion rates at only around 4% to 7%. But more recently, pundits have been opining that the low completion rates don’t really matter if people are still benefitting from substantial amounts of the content.
“The power of technology, the power of software, is that we can give it away for free. Free is powerful.”
He said that having a low marginal cost per student means that the current in-person higher educational model — in which each student typically shells out thousands of dollars for an education — can be completely changed. “The power of technology, the power of software, is that we can give it away for free. Free is powerful Twitter ,” he said.
He contrasted this with the conventional educational system. “When I went to school, I would do my work, and if I was lucky, two weeks later I would get some grades back…. Think about how we tolerated that and how we still tolerate it.” He said that today’s technologies give learners quick feedback that can improve educational outcomes.
"Initial returns gave 29 of Tehran's 30 seats to reform and center-right candidates, with Gholamali Haddad-Adel the only hardliner. Now Iranian state TV says he too appears to be losing his seat," Peter reports from Tehran.
TVB did not give an explanation but made amends quickly after internet forums were abuzz with chatter that the TV station had misinterpreted history.
"He has very specific attributes, he gets up and down the flank and because of the injuries we’ve sustained, we were lacking someone who can do that – someone who gives us the option of playing down both sides. His attributes gives us an added dimension.”
“No, we won’t always play with three at the back. Peres can operate as both a genuine full-back and a wing-back. He’s a good player with ability and still has to improve but we’ll try to use both formations. We were lacking someone who could play this position and give us a Plan B.
"We have four massive matches in the space of 11 days and tomorrow’s game is hugely important for the club, me and the players, above all for their careers. Then, however, there’s another equally important fixture [Roma v Cagliari]. It’s not easy to recover, we need 20 good players and he gives us a different option. We’ll have to see how they all work together. Everyone has to work hard in training, even if they’ve been left out.
"That makes the difference in the long run. Everyone must give 100% and get involved.”
"I don't view what I do as a crime, and I don't give a shit if someone else does, honestly."
Perhaps the only reasons not to update to Yosemite would be due to compatibility reasons with some particular app (though if it runs in Mavericks, it will run in Yosemite), an unusually strong dislike for the redesigned user interface (which isn’t too different, just brighter and whiter), or, perhaps a more important potential issue related to the user interface, a readability issue with the thin system font which can be challenging to view on smaller screen Macs. For example, reading the Helvetica Neue system font on a MacBook Air 11″ gives me eyestrain, but that same font looks fine on 22″ monitor, and the font reads fine on any Mac with a Retina display. If you’re sensitive to that sort of thing and you primarily use a smaller screen Mac, it’s at least worth a thought. You can get an idea of what it would look like by downloading a full resolution screenshot of OS X Yosemite like this one and making it full-screen on your MacBook. If you can read everything fine, you should have nothing to be concerned about in terms of the new font. Any font readability issue will likely only impact a small number of users who have less than ideal eyesight and who use Macs with the smallest displays.
Successful people agree that work is important, but never as important as experiencing life with the people you love most. Success starts from within, so make time to give your undivided attention to those who mean most to you – including yourself!
“I am determined to democratise our country from the ground up, and give people a real say in their communities and workplaces,” Corbyn said. “We need to break open the closed circle of Westminster and Whitehall, and of the boardrooms too.
[All of the Boost VC startups will be having their demo day on September 19. Thanks to Kinnard Hockenhull of BitBox for taking the time to give this interview. – Ed]
He says that you cannot have the worst economic crisis in 80 years, as we had in 2007/8, and “expect politics to carry on as before”. He also gives some riveting figures – China is creating a new economy the size of Greece every twelve and a half weeks and one the size of Spain every 16 months. Yet he says that neither the Left nor the Right of the political spectrum has shown the imagination to respond to this shock to the system. The Right, he says, has reached for austerity while the Left “has struggled to turn anger into answers”.
The saga of the Chief Whip, Andrew “Thrasher” Mitchell, continues to unfold, feeding public perceptions of out-of-touch Tory toffs. I understand the Downing Street police aren’t the only people he has upset. He was not popular with officials in his previous job at the Department for International Development. They gave him marks for competence, but it seems that his private office was “not a happy place”. Staff turnover there was brisk, Civil Service high-flyers did not want to work for him and if they couldn’t avoid it, they left as soon as decently possible.
The far-left U.K. Guardian, which absurdly characterized conservative opposition to the scheme as centering on it not doing “enough for business,” highlighted another major problem that could harm whistleblowers and give greater powers to governments to stop embarrassing information going public. According the the British paper, the treaty purports to grant signatory governments the authority to curtail legal proceedings if the information that would be disclosed might be “detrimental to a party’s economic interests, international relations, or national defense or national security.” In other words, The Guardian reported, “if a trial would cause the information to spread.”
The TPP is about imposing a regulatory structure that will give corporations more power over the political process. It will make effective health, safety, and environmental regulation more difficult. It may also shield the financial sector from efforts to rein in the sort of abuses that led to the financial crisis. And, it will make drugs more expensive. The TPP is about redistributing income upward; it has no place on a serious inequality agenda.
I’m close with my sister, Maya, who is two years older and in college now. When we realized we both liked girls, we decided to come out to our parents together. On the day that same-sex marriage became legal nationwide, Maya and I bought rainbow balloons and streamers. We went to the Pride parade with our parents and afterward, we gave them a rainbow card that said, “We’re gay.”
So established forwards Todd Blackadder, Reuben Thorne, Scott Robertson and Angus Gardiner marched up to coach Hansen and demanded he tell McCaw to curb his enthusiasm or they might have to give the cheeky pup a slap.
Most characters have a ground and aerial attacks. That means pressing the same button on the ground may give you a different attack in the air. If you need some assistance knowing the difference between the various attack types, we’ve already covered that in another article. Here you’ll find each characters Brave Attacks, HP Attacks, and EX Skills which we also covered how to acquire in a separate article.
The original talks for the number three spot fizzled rapidly once several teams entered the trade talks. The Bills ended up being willing to give up far more then the Lions were comfortable with for either Sammy Watkins or Khalil Mack, both early targets for Detroit. That led to the Lions plan B discussions with the Falcons at the number 6 overall pick. The Falcons were locked in on going for a tackle early but there was a split opinion on whether to go with the steady Jake Mathews or gritty Taylor Lewan.
“I have 73 seats (for the Coalition), I have them ahead in another and I have them well on track to win — possibly winning two of the other three seats which would give them majority,” he said.
"Tiger Nation, family, and friends last year at this time I was thanking you all for your support, friendship and faith with a very heavy heart," Pagano said. "I felt as if we had let you down. First I need to give God the biggest shout out ever for giving me this opportunity to play the game I love. This year is much different I thank you now for your faith, prayers, support, friendship and love of our team with a gratitude that is beyond anything I can put into words. In all my years here at Clemson you have redefined words like family, class, and unity. My football brothers past and present thank you for daring to dream and doing! My friends and family especially my parents, thank you for sacrificing so much in the name of the game. With that being said, GO TIGERS! CU IN AUGUST! National Champs!"
What if they put an ad out that said whites only need apply? Why, African-Americans, Latinos, Asians would be outraged. You cannot advertise showing that you have a preference for one racial group over another. As an artistic question, sure, he can cast whomever he wants to cast. But he has to give every actor eligible for the role an opportunity to try.
They interviewed everyone from William H. Macy, who plays the blundering and permanently down-on-his-luck Jerry Lundegaard, to the dialect coach, Liz Himelstein, who gave "Fargo" its trademark long vowel sounds.
When Yaquinto Games disappeared, I gave up hope of ever seeing new expansions for these tactical war games. I purchased a reprint of Panzer by Excalibur Games but was highly disappointed . Main Battle Tank and Israeli Defense Force from Avalon Hill were modern upgrades to the system created by James M. Day in the Yaquinto games.”
The Humane Society of the United States and the non-profit group Alley Cat Allies fear that gives the state authority to shoot and kill animals.
"I don't know if that's their plan, but these rules give them that authority, and that's a very dangerous thing," said Bryan Kortis with the Humane Society of the United States.
After hours of public testimony, state officials passed the rule amendment, but on one condition. It won't go into effect until January 2019, which gives the state a chance to work with animal advocates to track, neuter, and release feral cats out of boat harbors.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton insisted that she "had broken no rules" to conduct government business through the use of a private email service in lieu of the U.S. government's unclassified system, the Non-Classified Internet Protocol (IP) Router Network (abbreviated as NIPRNet) and the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet). These are a system of interconnected computer networks used by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of State to transmit classified information. The U.S. government has spent billions of dollars developing, deploying, and protecting its internet protocol router networks to enable authorized government officials to conduct the business of government, properly exchange information, and intelligence, up to and including information classified SECRET, with others in the government (and their contractors) who are authorized and entitled to have it. Mrs. Clinton purposely avoided using the government's networks through the use of a homebrew server. That she found a way to transmit countless classified documents, up to and including special access program material, to her personal server has been made public and is not in question. The former Democratic presidential candidate disclosed that she and her aides had deleted more than 30,000 emails she deemed "personal." For a frame of reference, 30,000 emails printed out represents a stack of 60 reams of paper, a stack 11 feet tall. When the FBI retrieved the spools of microfilm, the Alger Hiss "Pumpkin Papers" printed out to a stack four and a half feet tall. Hillary Clinton and the FBI have learned much from the Alger Hiss case. The American public will not be able to read a transcript of Hillary Clinton's interview with the FBI, because the bureau did not transcribe it. Furthermore, Mrs. Clinton was also not placed under oath during the three-and-a-half-hour interview. When Mrs. Clinton wasn't placed under oath, she could not be charged with lying to the FBI, as Alger Hiss was eventually charged with and convicted of. There doesn't seem to be a race against the clock for the Trump DOJ to charge Mrs. Clinton with espionage. Alger Hiss escaped prosecution under the Espionage Act of 1917 due to the statute of limitations having expired. Also, there was no appetite by the DOJ to charge the former senior State Department official and Democrat lawyer. Although federal statute USC 3282 provides for a five-year statute of limitation for the vast majority of federal crimes, this statute of limitations does not necessarily stand in the case of espionage prosecution. It is generally agreed by legal scholars that acts of espionage can be prosecuted for at least ten years after the alleged act. I wish Congressman Trey Gowdy could give Attorney General Sessions a lesson on Spoliation of Evidence, with which attorneys fresh out of law school are familiar. Hillary Clinton's deletion of 30,000 emails is a classic case. When parties fail to produce relevant evidence within their span of control, evidence they are otherwise naturally expected to possess, the U.S. legal system allows and even mandates that unfavorable presumptions be drawn against them. So when some item of relevant evidence – whether documents, physical objects, or data relevant to an ongoing legal matter – is destroyed, discarded, or modified in some way, the U.S. legal system allows us to presume that the missing evidence was unfavorable to that party and allows us to draw conclusions accordingly. The classic junior high school excuse, "the dog ate my homework," isn't valid under the law when the disappearance is suspicious. Spoliation of evidence is prohibited by an array of laws and regulations. Also, anyone who destroys relevant evidence or assists in such destruction is subject to criminal prosecution, civil fines, tort liability, exclusion of testimony, and dismissal of claims, as well as adverse evidentiary inferences. We have little way of knowing if any one of the 33,000 missing documents under Mrs. Clinton's control could have been used "to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of a foreign nation." The Trump DOJ should be making all possible efforts to retrieve the missing 33,000 emails and determine once and for all: "was it espionage or was it yoga?" "You don't use BleachBit for yoga emails or for bridesmaids emails," Congressman Trey Gowdy said in an interview to Fox News. "When you are using BleachBit, it is something you really do not want the world to see." The cabal of President Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and FBI director James Comey did everything they could to protect Hillary Clinton from the politically explosive charge of espionage when it was obvious to anyone in the intelligence community what she was doing. There is sufficient and obvious evidence that like the Soviet spy Alger Hiss, Mrs. Clinton should be charged with espionage before the statute of limitations runs out.
“For playoffs, what we’re seeing is we’re getting predominantly men in here – the more exciting the hockey gets, I think the less guys are willing to give up their tickets,” said Susan Darrington, general manager of Rogers Place. “So we’ve adjusted our plans and we flipped a restroom on our main and on our upper concourse to be more available for men.”
To prevent these bad scenarios and prevent unwanted errors from models not existing when the router fires the delete code again, we have to put null checks around things. This makes our code a little uglier, a little less readable and gives us more to maintain over time.
While there are some very distinct advantages of using a router, it should not be our default go-to object to enable functionality. MV* frameworks, like Backbone, give us the opportunity to bridge the gap between the web and the thick clients. We need to take off our stateless-web-server glasses and realize that Backbone opens a world of different principles and patterns. We need to look to the thick-client, desktop and native-mobile-device applications for guidance in some of these areas. Not every pattern we find will apply, of course. But many of them will, and they will help us produce much longer-lasting, maintainable solutions for our interaction-heavy web pages.
Let’s break now to remind our listeners that the Fourth Power Rule is a rule of thumb. It’s meant to give rough guidance for policy makers if they want to figure out what the “fair share” of the cost is for road maintenance. Research on this topic since the 1960s has shown that the actual road damage from light vs heavy vehicles can vary significantly depending on existing road conditions, the road construction methods, and even factors like tire pressure and suspension systems.
Move over Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Snapchat and iMessage, Allo has arrived. Google’s new messaging app, Allo (pronounced aloe, not all-o), was announced in May during Google’s I/O conference. But it debuted Wednesday in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Allo is Google’s answer to the new wave of messaging apps dominated by Facebook. It’s also a coming out party for the A.I.-driven Google Assistant. Allo gives you smart reply buttons and more than two-dozen stickers to express yourself. It has a Snapchat feature that lets you send private end-to-end, encrypted messages that can be made to disappear after they've been read. Google has designs on taking down Amazon with its Google Home, Daydream and Android Instant apps.
In contrast, reading stories at bedtime, argues Swift, gives rise to acceptable familial relationship goods, even though this also bestows advantage.
Swift makes it clear that although both elite schooling and bedtime stories might both skew the family game, restricting the former would not interfere with the creation of the special loving bond that families give rise to. Taking the books away is another story.
It doesn't matter what people say or think—the truth is that she's a West Seattle resident, she grew up here. Why not give her the opportunity to be an actual human being versus a celebrity? - Patrick Robinson, Web Editor, West Seattle Herald
According to the Daily Beast, Knox was presented with the job not because The Herald wanted to use her notorious status but rather to give her the opportunity to lead a normal life.
"We approached her originally to give her the opportunity of a normal life," said Patrick Robinson, web editor for The Herald.
"That was purposely to give her the protection of that and to give her the opportunity. She showed us writing samples and they were good," said Robinson.
"It doesn't matter what people say or think—the truth is that she's a West Seattle resident, she grew up here. Why not give her the opportunity to be an actual human being versus a celebrity?" he added.
In Greensboro, such sweeping generalizations, no matter their accuracy, stung. “What does some guy in Maine know about my life in Alabama?” asked Ann Langford, chief clerk of the Hale County Probate Court and onetime Rural Studio administrator. “Who gave him the right to speak for us?”
The Barcelona and Spain defender talks eloquently about the Catalan referendum and says he is not retiring from international football because that would give satisfaction to the people who ‘whistle and insult’
Gerard Piqué has admitted he considered leaving the Spain team after he was whistled and verbally abused by supporters at a training session on Monday but insisted he would not give those fans satisfaction by walking away. The Barcelona defender appealed for respect and dialogue in the wake of Sunday’s Catalan referendum as the political situation grows increasingly tense. He also refused to reveal whether he had voted yes, describing that as the “$1m question”, but did dismiss the popular assumption that he is in favour of independence.
“From the age of 15 I have considered this a family: that’s one of the reasons I’m here,” Piqué said. “My commitment to the national team is maximum. I feel very proud to be here. I have thought about [leaving] and I think the best thing is to stay. Going would mean that those people have won, those who think the best solution is to whistle and insult. I’m not going to give them that satisfaction.
When it came to direct questions, Piqué avoided a direct answer. How had he voted, he was asked. “That’s the $1m question,” he said. “I can’t give an answer on that. I can’t back one side or the other: I would lose half of my supporters.”
I am not a lawyer but, as far as I know, the 1987 Constitution does not give the President such powers under martial law. Nor does it free soldiers and police officers who act illegally—whether on orders of their superiors or not—from criminal liability. Martial law does not suspend the Bill of Rights, nor does it replace civilian courts with military courts. It obligates the President to report to Congress, and the latter to assess ML’s factual basis.
If everyone who read this gave us just £1 – or even better, £1 monthly – we could change the world. Click here to make a difference. Thanks.
After the presentation, in which Poliquin discussed a bill to sell federal buildings in order to give a one-time boost in Social Security payments, residents and guests again attempted to ask questions. The congressman didn’t answer any and quickly left through a side door.
More importantly, the president's statement and executive order gave the administration permission to do things it doesn't normally get to do.
An AST normalizer written in Go, that gives the UAST as a result.
If you’re interested in the project, you can look further at the documentation, give it a try, and report back any issues you have.
Although it is a new trend, meth is not an original drug for the new millennium. According to National Trends in Drug Abuse, early in the 1900's, its parent drug, amphetamine, also known as Benzedrine, was used in nasal decongestants and bronchial inhalers and in treatment of depression. narcolepsy, schizophrenia, alcoholism and obesity. In the 1940's, Adolph Hitler took Benzedrine and mixed it with various chemicals to create Methamphetamine. This gave his army the ability to fight for days without food or sleep. Around the same time, Japanese Kamikaze pilots took Methamphetamine to numb fears prior to diving their planes into American ships. In the 60's, as drug use became culturally acceptable, Methamphetamine became widely available through prescriptions and a booming black market. Methamphetamine use waned during the 70's as many overdosed and died. But, in the 80's, Methamphetamine re-appeared and seemed to be spreading like wildfire through the country, being used very casually by many to heighten energy and lose weight quickly. Because meth of today is more pure and potent than it ever was in the past, the drug is even more dangerous and fatal.
Frontier a week later gave up its Miami-Havana flying.
Initially conceived as rehabilitation centers for prostitutes, the Magdalene asylums — also known as the Magdalene Laundries for the “women’s work” slave labor expected of the residents — eventually grew into houses of horror. The girls, some not even teens, were forced to work seven days a week without pay. The short-term treatment intended by the founders eventually gave way to long-term incarceration. Though conditions varied from one asylum to the next, a strict code of silence was in place for most of the day throughout the Magdalene system. Long prayer sessions were mandatory.
"We took an opportunity with Nabokov for a variety of reasons," said Holland. "A major reason was that he was prepared to do a cap number ($570,000) that would allow us to carry three goalies after March 1. He was UFA, there were no assets I had to give up. He was a Vezina runner-up in 2008. Last year he took his team to the final four. It was a combination of things. It was a unique opportunity. The rest is history. He belongs to the New York Islanders."
"Sponsorship on this game is going to surpass even the Winter Classic to give you a sense of the size of this thing," NHL COO John Collins told ESPN.com Friday. "And the Winter Classic was a beast."
"The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness."
In the hurly-burly of civilized living we rarely find time, or even give a thought to living in the NOW. We spend our NOW thinking of the past or dreaming of the future. Raja Yoga enables us to be still and experience eternity, as defined by Boethius: "to hold and possess the whole fullness of life in one moment, here and now, past and present to come." 3
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
He remembers the car advancing toward a checkpoint. "I was the gunner on the Humvee. I told my sergeant I was going to give them a warning shot, and I shot some warning rounds. We didn't know what it was, so I had to take the car out," Marquez said. He killed the driver, an old man, and a child who was about 11.
Some of the complications, though, are self-imposed, by the aspirations of the Legislature, the governor and the exchange’s own leadership. When other states delayed or gave up on a concept called “no wrong door,” Oregon held on, and is still holding on. The goal is to give people one portal — the Cover Oregon website — to sign up for insurance, whether they qualify for commercial insurance or Medicaid. In most other states, people who appear to qualify for Medicaid are sent to a separate enrollment process through the state Medicaid office.
"It's okay, Elsa. I forgive you. It was an accident." She gave Elsa a small smile, pleased to see it echoed on the blonde girl's face. "Now... please will you at least get one?"
Anna gave a small smile when Elsa shook her head. "Elsa not mean. Elsa not mean. Elsa not mean," she repeated to herself, looking at her lap.
"It's Flynn!" groused an olive-tanned, brown-haired boy. He gave Anna a cocky grin, and she found herself rolling her eyes again (this time unaccompanied by a smile).
Eugene shrugged. "Because you live on campus in a single-person dorm. There's barely enough room for you in there, let alone another person. And let's be reasonable, it's not like the campus police are happy about freeloaders. How you got permission is beyond me." He scratched the back of his head. "Anyway, I better go. Helping out at the store today coz one of the other guys called in sick. I'll see ya around." He bent down a gave Rapunzel a kiss on her cheek. "It was nice meeting you, Els-"
It's always fun to remember stories like the following one the next time you hear some RIAA exec claim that it represents musicians. The RIAA represents the record labels and record labels are continually at odds with musicians -- sometimes to extreme levels. Wired reported that EMI/Virgin Records had sued the band 30 Seconds To Mars for $30 million recently. The band is apparently fronted by movie star Jared Leto, and is considered something of a success. Its last album went platinum and won some awards. So why the lawsuit? Well, EMI implied that the band failed to deliver its latest record on time, but members of the band have now responded with a very different story. Wired now points us to the response from 30 Seconds To Mars , where the band notes that the lawsuit appears to have a lot more to do with the band opting out of its contract. The band points out that, under California law, a contract of more than seven years is not valid -- and the contract EMI held with the band was for nine years.So why opt out? Perhaps this has something to do with it:This is, of course, rather par for the course in the recording industry. As Courtney Love explained years ago , it's quite rare for a recording artist to ever see a dime of royalties from selling music. The label gives the band an "advance" which really isn't that much, and then uses some funky accounting tricks to claim all of the band's royalties as paying off that advance as well as covering other fees involved in the marketing and distribution of the album. In this case, apparently, despite selling 2 million records, EMI is still claiming that the band has $1.4 million to pay back. Not so long ago, we noted that Lyle Lovett was in the same boat : 4.6 million albums sold, no royalties paid.So, at what point will the press and politicians stop buying the RIAA's claims that it's looking out for the musicians and trying to get them paid? The RIAA has always been in the business ofpaying musicians.
White recognizes Nelson’s heart and determination, but just wishes he’d put the same effort he gives in the Octagon to his training and also his appearance, and it’s not just about having a gut.
Following the knockout, Nelson climbed the Octagon cage and shouted something in the general direction of White and Fertitta. What he said exactly isn’t known, but White gave a pretty good indication of what it was following Saturday night’s event.
According to the researchers, they will demonstrate how to send a series of mostly invisible SMS "bursts" that can give a hacker complete control of the iPhone. That control will include dialing the phone, visiting Web sites, turning on the device's camera and microphone, and more. The hacker will also be able to send more text messages to facilitate spreading the iPhone SMS hack to other iPhones.
Tom Hiddleston was JUST ABOUT to give us the lowdown on what REALLY happened between him and Taylor swift, but whaaaat?? Nicole Kidman cut him off! Ok, so that may have been an over exaggeration on the content of the interview. Sadly, Tom was not about to reveal inside info on Hiddleswift, but Nicole DID really hijack Tom’s interview. So, Tom was really talking to the Golden Globes about his character in ‘The Night Manager.’ But right behind him, Nicole Kidman and her husband Keith Urban were greeting other stars on the red carpet. That’s when the actress came over and took over the interview. Apparently, she wanted Tom to be DONE. Tom tried to play off the awkward moment by actually interviewing Nicole, who looked slightly embarrassed by what she’d just done. But the actress did reveal why she had interrupted the interview. Well, we certainly enjoyed it. Did you? Let us know below.
I will not spoil all the talks, but simply try to give an overview of what you can expect within them. Note that all the talks are generally of high quality and my appreciation very subjective. I have seen people with very different "favorite talk".
Sean Parent is a Principal Scientist at Adobe Systems and has been working on the famous software Photoshop for more than 15 years. Sean Parent is a regular and prominent speaker at C++ conferences, one of his recently most famous talk being Better Code: Runtime Polyphormism from the same series of talks (Better Code) as the one he gave during Meeting C++.
Unlike some of the other talks, it would be hard to give succinct code examples, but I trully appreciated his presentation! When it comes to low-level APIs for debbuging and reverse-engineering, I have a better understanding of the Windows platform. I think that Simon did an excellent job to help me transfer my knowledge to the Unix world.
Once again, I was amazed by the C++ community and how a group of dedicated persons can build such nice event. I am already eager to fly to one of the big conference next year: Meeting C++ or cppcon. I would also encourage anyone with a bit of passion for this language or programming in general to give a try to conferences or local groups, you will discover more than you would expect!
"We felt that really roots us in the community, it drives us, it gives us a lot of support to draw on in terms of ideas and links to the community to be more authentically linked to the community," he said of having so many people involved.
To say what Sausage Party is actually about isn’t a spoiler. But, if at this point you don’t know what I’m talking about, I’ll give you a chance to leave. Just know this: Sausage Party is absolutely filthy and completely funny, but not without its flaws.
One other change, this week a large number of the questions of Brendan came directly from you, the listener, via Twitter! This is a new thing I'm trying and I really feel it made for a better show and I thank you for it! I'm on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/shanselman and you can read more about Twitter in my post on Twitter: The Uselessfulness of Micro-blogging if you want to jump in and "follow me." I encourage you to find a Twitter Client that works for you and give it a try.
In the case of mineworkers, the migrant labor system of apartheid continues. And indeed for the Marikana platinum miners and the others in the Platinum Belt, they often have a family locally plus back in their original home areas, the old bantustans. And that, plus the credit system being completely out of control and massive consumer debt–what are called mashonisas (loan sharks) here have really taken away the pay packets through stop orders, garnishee orders, on these miners’ salaries. So they’ve been demanding an increase from around $400 a month for the starting wage to a starting wage of about USD 1,100. And the big platinum companies don’t, obviously, want to give that kind of concession to some 70,000 workers now on strike. And the price of platinum’s gone up because of the anticipated supply constraint, since South Africa supplies 80 percent of the world market.
This gave rise to a reputation system, and reputations work pretty well at discouraging people from cheating one another. After all, if you cheat one customer, she'll tell all her friends. And those friends might tell their friends. Your business will suffer. The potential losses make it foolish to even consider cheating a customer.
Salmonella was detected early last month in one lot of the flavor enhancer -- hydrolyzed vegetable protein, or HVP -- made by Basic Food Flavors, as well as inside the company's Nevada manufacturing facility, the FDA said. The company, one of only a handful that make HVP, has an extensive customer list. The additive, which comes as a powder or a paste and is mixed into foods to give them a meaty or savory flavor, is similar to monosodium glutamate, or MSG.
Open Road has not yet announced a new release date for Snowden. THR‘s sources indicate the film isn’t done yet, so the delay should give Stone more time to finish up. Unfortunately, the release date change also takes Snowden out of the running for this year’s Oscar race. (Gordon-Levitt might remain part of the Oscar conversation, though, as he’s also got Robert Zemeckis’ The Walk due out later this year.)
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
Clinton is not making that mistake again – now it’s she who is at the forefront of the issue. “This victory tonight is for the parents and teachers in South Carolina. They showed me crumbling classrooms,” Clinton said to cheers. And she promised the federal government would work with state actors to give children the “education they deserve”.
It weighs 443 pounds. CHIMP's arms are 4.3 feet long – long enough to reach the ground, which is useful and gives the robot a simian-like stance.
The movable field outside of the stadium. On September 26, 2006 the University of Phoenix acquired the naming rights to the stadium totalling $154.5 million over 20 years.[29] On April 11, 2017, the University of Phoenix terminated the naming rights just 11 years into the 20-year deal, citing financial woes; however, the university kept its name on the stadium until a replacement company was found to give naming rights to. On September 4th, 2018, State Farm reached a deal securing the rights through 2036. University of Phoenix will remain involved as a sponsor with the team in a reduced capacity as the Cardinals' "official education partner."
The Call to Arms statue is easily one of the best attempts at capturing Frank Miller's distinctive art style. This Batman is grim, gritty, and bulging with muscle and sinew. But it's the horse that takes the piece to another level. It gives the piece mass, making it easily one of DC's larger Batman statues. And it tells a story of Batman charging into battle and rallying an army to save a powerless Gotham City.
The posters on the church’s marble columns give an indication of what life was like under ISIS.
"Playing make-believe is how she's coped with all of the negative things she's lived through. It's just a natural part of her being now and cosplaying gives her a creative outlet to express herself and be whoever she wants to be," said Kelly.
Your overwhelming support and feedback has shaped what Pebble is today. We’re back on Kickstarter to give you - the community who cares the most - an opportunity to support our vision for wearables and get exclusive access to our newest product.
Strategic Europe continues its series devoted to explaining the foreign and security policy ambitions of the 28 EU member states. We have asked our contributors from each capital to give a candid assessment of their country’s perception of security and strategy, with a ranking on a scale from 0 (the laggards) to 5 (the ambitious). This week, the spotlight is on Italy.
Mike Rowe, who is perhaps most well known for his position as the host of the Discovery Channel’s “Dirty Jobs”, recently gave a speech at the TED talks on how we have changed our view points on the nature of manual labor. The talk goes on to discuss how the United States has demonized the working positions that are held by Americans, how it is that we have made the ditch digger, the farm hand, etc. elements of our society that are seen as unwanted and unclean. The position is interesting in that it dips into the mentality that my generation has been fed about how our ultimate goal should be to attain a position in some office working as what quintessentially amounts to a cubicle slave.
House Republicans, slated to unveil their own plan next week, are sure to seize on the numbers, yet the mountain of data gives reason for both parties to pause going into what’s expected to be a major fiscal crisis after the November elections.
Martin himself long ago gave up chess. He decided that he didn't have the dedication or love of the game to treat it as a full-time job. "You have to study the books and memorise the openings and play constantly, play games every day, over and over again," he sighs. "I wasn't willing to do that. I enjoyed chess, it was fun playing it and doing the tournaments but I didn't want to make it my job. Writing gave me much more satisfaction."
"With most writers, no one gives a shit when their book is coming out and even when it does come out, no one cares. I would much rather have my problem than their problem."
The author has been a beneficiary of a digital age in which fans and authors have become closer than ever before. Nonetheless, he still believes in a traditional, ordered model of publishing in which manuscripts are crafted and refined – not simply dumped on the internet. He pays heartfelt tribute to his UK and US editors, Jane Johnson of HarperCollins and Anne Lesley Groell of Bantam Spectra. "They're both great. They read the books. They give me their commentary. I work with them on it. I think editors are still important."
This was a lesson that Game of Thrones took to heart. Heroes don't have to be likeable. The Sopranos also proved that serialised dramas (as opposed to episodic dramas which could be shown in any order) could also work with audiences. Martin gives the example of Gunsmoke, a series that lasted for 20 years on American TV without seemingly changing. "Many people passed through Dodge City but at the end of the episode, Miss Kitty was in the Long Branch saloon, Doc was playing chess in his office and Matt Dillon and his deputy were down in the sheriff's office."
"I don't care about 3D," he says. "It gives me a headache."
• How would you feel if you were reading the scriptures and read a prophecy that gave your name and described specific things you would do?
10:30 And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, not take their daughters for our sons:
13:25 And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
Religion may give some benefits to members of the in-group. But the end result is discrimination against members of the out-group. I suppose this is because religion sets up a system of beliefs, goals, habits, and practices common to members, but that non-members don’t share. That helps members forge a common identity, but it makes it hard for members and non-members to understand each other. In good times, it can engender polite curiosity, but in bad times, it can lead to hostility and bloodshed. This is the social cost of religion, and it’s just too high.
Nyquist's goal gave Sweden the edge but did not open the floodgates. Indeed, had Markstrom not found the answer when Morten Ask attempted a repeat of Nyquist's scoring play at the other end, Norway would have tied the game soon afterwards.
Paula Chaney of Georgetown, Texas, described being line at the Capitol with her friends when an officer came over to give a rundown of items not allowed in the building. She said the cop never mentioned feminine products.
In 2001, he invited me to Caltech, where he was a visiting professor. I felt like a graduate student again. Every morning I would walk into the department, I’d go to see Witten, and we’d talk for an hour or so. He’d give me my homework. I’d go away and spend the next 23 hours trying to catch up. Meanwhile, he’d go off and do half a dozen other things. We had a very intense collaboration. It was an incredible experience because it was like working with a brilliant supervisor. I mean, he knew all the answers before I got them. If we ever argued, he was right and I was wrong. It was embarrassing!
Well, it’s a challenge. Because when I talked to him in the past about some of my ideas, he dismissed them as hopeless, and he gave me 10 different reasons why they’re hopeless. Now I think I can defend my ground. I’ve spent a lot of time thinking, coming at it from different angles, and coming back to it. And I’m hoping I can persuade him that there is merit to my new approach.
People think mathematics begins when you write down a theorem followed by a proof. That’s not the beginning, that’s the end. For me the creative place in mathematics comes before you start to put things down on paper, before you try to write a formula. You picture various things, you turn them over in your mind. You’re trying to create, just as a musician is trying to create music, or a poet. There are no rules laid down. You have to do it your own way. But at the end, just as a composer has to put it down on paper, you have to write things down. But the most important stage is understanding. A proof by itself doesn’t give you understanding. You can have a long proof and no idea at the end of why it works. But to understand why it works, you have to have a kind of gut reaction to the thing. You’ve got to feel it.
“A lot of people in the beginning were like, ‘Enjoy your 15 minutes of fame,’ and I knew it wasn’t that. … This was something bigger,” Vasquez said. “The whole thing was so I could give a message to humanity. None of it’s about me.”
Here, both "pot" and "rock" are left out. Again, we can probably get over this pretty quickly. The kids, etc. We don't want the kids smoking marijuana and crack rocks trying to imitate their hero, the lead singer of Sublime's mom. If they want to hit the bottle a little, though, that might be OK, because we're pretty hip parents. Maybe we'll give them a bit of wine next time we have one of our little dinner parties. Oh, come on, honey, the Europeans do it. Don't be that way.
Pochettino gives them freedom. For example, players at some clubs have to sign up to a code of conduct but not at Tottenham. Pochettino will not fine a player for being a couple of minutes late or wearing the wrong clothing. To him, it is important that they have the framework to express themselves. But there are limits. There are principles that must be respected and, above all, he must be respected.
The look of the menu is pure Momofuku, with its sans-serif font under boldface headings like “Things” and “Sweet Guys” (desserts). Under “Raw” are two starters that give Mr. Pemoulie a chance to raid the larder of the Ashkenazi Jews, something he did frequently and successfully as fall changed to winter.
Off the ice, Subban, a native of Toronto, gave all of himself to the people of Montreal.
Hours after pulling the trigger on what has to be one of the biggest trades the Canadiens have ever seen, Bergevin insisted he got the better end of the deal by bringing 30-year-old Shea Weber and his $7.8-million cap hit over the next ten seasons to Montreal. He wouldn’t give way to the suggestion that the decision to trade Subban was motivated by the defenceman’s over-the-top personality or the reported conflicts he may have been embroiled in with teammates or coaches.
The Internet Safety Act also adds criminal penalties to other child pornography-related offenses, increases penalties for sexual exploitation of minors, and gives the FBI an extra $30 million for the innocent images National Initiative.
At this point they had enough clout to get an audience with Pazuzu so the players headed off to warn him. They successfully gained entrance and started to warn Pazuzu of the treachery in his house only to have Lamashtu burst through the door with the Chilled Heart in hand. Pazuzu agrees to help the players stop Lamashtu if they give him rights to some land in the Great Desert. The players agreed to his terms. I had written Pazuzu and Lamashtu as old lovers, more akin to a very old spiteful married couple. Think Hemingwy and Gellhorn. So it’s not out of character for him to swagger up and passionately embraces her, thus distracting Lamashtu from the fight. Her undead minions fan out to take down the players.
This is what a bus is in a mix. By sending multiple sounds to one track (the bus) you can apply the same processors to them all at once. It’s very handy. Try it out on a drum bus. This allows you to process all your drum sounds as one unit. Treat them with the same reverb to give the perception that they’re all in the same space. Or Set up a delay or compression bus.
Time to give your mix a little haircut. A little snip here, a little trim there. Balance those levels and don’t be afraid to give parts the big chop. Drop the drums for a bar, crank up that vocal for a verse. Get loose.
Keep a final goal in mind as you balance all of your tracks. This will give you a rough idea of how each track will eventually fit together. Processing will smooth out your rough ideas.
With the Wolverines covering the pass, Jimbo Fisher decided to give the ball to his best playmaker, hoping Cook could at least give the Seminoles' punter some additional space. Cook had other ideas.
And while it was not Cook who took back stutter-step 65-yard kickoff return that gave Florida State renewed life in the final two minutes -- that was wideout Keith Gavin -- it was Cook's 21-yard reception on the first play of the ensuing series that put FSU in the red zone and made at least a tie in regulation a foregone conclusion.
On the same night Butt's injury gave us every reason to accept star players skipping their non-College Football Playoff bowl games, Cook's performance proved the possibly tremendous value of playing in them.
Roberts and his colleagues might have an incentive to avoid a tie vote that would not set a nationwide precedent and also point to the short-handed court's difficulty in getting its work done. If that's the case, the fate of the programs could hang on a two-word phrase the administration used to describe the status of immigrants under the programs— lawful presence. Texas and congressional Republicans who back the state say the phrase is important because it gives the immigrants more rights than federal law allows.
2. Use Maybe a No change. Maybe is a convenient, universal mechanism for reporting failure when there is only one possible failure mode and it is something that a user probably will want to handle in pure code. You can easily convert a returned Maybe into an error using fromMaybe (error "bang") m . Maybe gives no indication what the error was, so it’s a good idea for a function like head or tail but not so much for doSomeComplicatedWidgetThing .
8. Go nuts with monad transformers This is, for all intents and purposes, the same as 5; just in one case you roll your own, and in this case you compose it with transformers. The same caveats apply. Eric does give good advice here shooing you away from using this with IO. Here are some new mechanisms which have sprung up since the original article was published.
The youngest mother on record was a five year old Peruvian girl. Lina Medina made medical history when she gave birth by caesarean section in May 1939. Her parents initially thought she had a large abdominal tumour but doctors later confirmed she was actually pregnant. Lina gave birth to a healthy boy which she named Gerardo after a doctor at the hospital. Gerardo grew up alongside his mother and always considered her his sister until he was told the truth when he was ten year old. Lina and her husband still live in Peru but Gerardo died in 1979.
this girl got her period when she was 8months old and had "almost"fully developed breast at 4 and had had the ovaries of a fully mature woman. she was raped by a relative (no one knew who the father was) gave birth to her baby at the age of 5yrs 7months and 21days exactly BY CESAREAN and she is the youngest mother on record.
Mum-zi became pregnant. At the age of 8 years and 4 months, she gave birth to a perfectly normal, well-developed baby girl.
-1939: Lina Medina of Paurange, Peru gave birth to a 2.7 kg son (5.9 lb), Gerardo, by caesarean section on Mother's Day, May 14, 1939 in Lima at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 21 days. Her parents, who assumed their daughter had a tumour, took her to a hospital, where she was determined to be seven months pregnant. Although Medina's father was arrested on suspicion of child molesting, he was later released due to lack of evidence, and the identity of who impregnated Medina was never uncovered. [1][2]
-2006: A girl from Huánuco, Peru, gave birth to a baby weighing 2 kg (4.4 lb) by caesarean section at a hospital in Lima in December 2006. Her ninth birthday occurred a couple of days later. She became pregnant after being raped by two of her cousins.
-1957: Hilda Trujillo gave birth to a girl weighing over 6 lb (2.7 kg) at a hospital in Lima, Peru in December 1957. Her 22-year-old cousin, who was staying in her family's one-room house at the time, was arrested for rape.
-2001: Wanwisa Janmuk gave birth in February 2001 to a girl at a hospital in Phetchabun, a northern province of Thailand. The father was her 27-year-old husband; Thai law allows minors to marry with parental permission.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_youngest_birth_mothers the Nigerian one has never been confirmed, but it has been well reported, even once featuring on tv "Ripley's believe it or not"here is a list of the world youngest mothers ON RECORD, funny enough the 3 youngest mothers are from PERU, WTF!!!!!-1939: Lina Medina of Paurange, Peru gave birth to a 2.7 kg son (5.9 lb), Gerardo, by caesarean section on Mother's Day, May 14, 1939 in Lima at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 21 days. Her parents, who assumed their daughter had a tumour, took her to a hospital, where she was determined to be seven months pregnant. Although Medina's father was arrested on suspicion of child molesting, he was later released due to lack of evidence, and the identity of who impregnated Medina was never uncovered. [1][2]-1939: The Los Angeles Times quoted Dr. Joseph B. De Lee, obstetrics authority of Chicago Lying-in Hospital, as saying that a German medical journal has already reported that a Russian girl, age 3 1/2, had become a mother, and that this girl had the physical development of a 18 or 20 year old.-2006: A girl from Huánuco, Peru, gave birth to a baby weighing 2 kg (4.4 lb) by caesarean section at a hospital in Lima in December 2006. Her ninth birthday occurred a couple of days later. She became pregnant after being raped by two of her cousins.-1957: Hilda Trujillo gave birth to a girl weighing over 6 lb (2.7 kg) at a hospital in Lima, Peru in December 1957. Her 22-year-old cousin, who was staying in her family's one-room house at the time, was arrested for rape.-2001: Wanwisa Janmuk gave birth in February 2001 to a girl at a hospital in Phetchabun, a northern province of Thailand. The father was her 27-year-old husband; Thai law allows minors to marry with parental permission.check the rest of the list here:
In this position, she was officially employed by Josef Mengele, and she saw what happened to women who entered Auschwitz while pregnant. The short answer was death. The long answer was that those deaths were often horrifying and drawn-out. So Gisella Perl gave herself a new job — protecting women by helping them hide evidence of pregnancy and by performing abortions with her bare hands.
Actually, instead of checking if the right number of arguments were passed, Perl will not even call the function if you did not give the correct list of arguments.
Anderson said he gave the robbers everything they asked for except his cellphone. He said there was a gun to his head the entire time he was dealing with the suspects.
The music video for "Oblivion", directed by Emily Kai Bock,[42] was shot in Montreal at Olympic Stadium and at McGill University's Molson Stadium,[43][44] during a football game and a motocross rally.[42][45] The video debuted on March 2, 2012, and shows Grimes amongst shirtless frat boys,[45] as well as in a men's locker room surrounded by weightlifting athletes.[46] "Art gives me an outlet where I can be aggressive in a world where I usually can't be, and part of it was asserting this abstract female power in these male-dominated arenas—the video is somewhat about objectifying men. Not in a disrespectful way, though", Grimes explained.[42] In an interview with Spin, she revealed that the song is about "going into this masculine world that is associated with sexual assault, but presented as something really welcoming and nice. The song's sort of about being—I was assaulted and I had a really hard time engaging in any types of relationship with men, because I was just so terrified of men for a while."[1]
The Bucks rode their momentum, while the Raptors coughed up one ball after another, and when Jason Terry drilled a three-pointer with 3:06 to play, it gave the Bucks their first lead since the first quarter. The roar in the BMO Harris Bradley Center was deafening.
In a fourth quarter that saw Toronto score just five field goals, Patterson and Joseph responded with two of them — Patterson scored on a cutting dunk, then Joseph drilled a three, and Toronto was back up by three. DeRozan's driving dunk with 49 seconds to play gave Toronto a five-point cushion.
Terry gave the Bucks one last gasp, connecting on a three to make it just a two-point game with 16 seconds left. But DeRozan scored two free throws, then Patterson intercepted Tony Snell's inbounds pass to clinch the win, DeRozan spiking the ball victoriously.
All the pre-game talk had been about closing this series in six games, both to avoid the Game 7 pressure the Raptors know way too well, and give themselves a breather before tipping off against the resting Cavaliers in Cleveland.
Clark Quinn: Sure. When we started having internet and computer-based training, we worried a lot about the quality. Particularly after 9/11, there was a lot of pressure to stop trying to do travel, and we started doing a lot more online. Since then, the pressure has come to do it faster, do it cheaper, and in doing that we’ve gone to how quickly can we put up content on the screen with a quiz, using technology in ways that we know how to use. We’ve moved from effectiveness, because we know this sort of event-based model, the fired together, wired together, and that’s great. You have to give a break and really sleep, and then you can strengthen it some more. Trying to imagine that we can do it all in one day is just broken, and yet that’s the model we have.
That’s where wrapping good course design should be inside a broader process of performance consulting, and then when we determine the learning experience, then we talk to the subject matter experts. Then we determine what should be in the decision course, but you can’t get there just when somebody says, “Okay, let’s start talking to an expert about a course.” You need to start beforehand and say, “What is the business unit’s measure that is not up to scratch?” If they can’t give that to you, you have a problem.
Clark Quinn: We’ve had traction. We got buy-in from ASTD and [inaudible 16:52] and ISPI and “Training” magazine, and we’ve had continuing people signing up, so we’ve gotten mind space. People have come up and said, “Oh, I love it,” but where I’ve seen a barrier is people having the momentum to make the change to do it. I have to give credit. That wasn’t me alone. That was with Michael Allen and Allen Interactions, who’s been decades at the, you know, ledge. Julie Dirksen, who wrote the great book “Design for How People Learn,” and Will Thalheimer, one of our great translators of research into practice.
A common alternative is to break a line into triangles or triangle strips, and then render them as regular geometry. This gives you the most control over the line, allowing for end caps, specific joins, unions (for overlapping transparent areas), and so forth. This can also lead to some more creative and interesting line rendering, as in the above demo.
The previous demo works well for 2D (orthographic) lines, but may not fit your design needs in 3D space. To give the line a constant thickness regardless of the 3D view, we need to expand the line after projecting it into screen space.
In the vertex shader, we compute our join and extrusion in screen space to ensure the constant thickness. To work in screen space, we need to use the illusive homogeneous component, W . Also known as “perspective divide.” This gives us Normalized Device Coordinates (NDC), which lie in the range [-1, 1] . We then correct for aspect ratio before expanding our lines. We also do the same for previous and next positions along the path:
We could make some slight variations to the math to achieve a different design. For example, using the Z component of the NDC to scale the thickness of the lines as they fall deeper into the scene. This would help give a greater sense of depth.
Abandoning the old project likely means losing some work, but may be faster and give a more predictable outcome than attempting to salvage the situation. Applying this method to a mere merge conflict issue may prolong the issue however, as the merge conflicts may still be present.
The title text suggests an alternative method for working around Git's complexities, which reflects common practice: knowing a "Git expert" who can help in any situation. Such experts are somewhat notorious for waxing lyrically about Git's strengths, so it may be necessary to win their favour by first letting them ramble enthusiastically about it. They will hopefully eventually give the exact commands needed. In practice, the question-and-answer site Stack Overflow is frequently used for this exact purpose.
I'm particularly happy about bullet number 3, because it gave me a chance to play around with Memcached for the first time (it's a bit of an overkill for this project, but it's really simple using Play Framework & Heroku, so I wanted to give it a try ... and it was really easy to implement & deploy).
Please give it a test drive and report any issues.
The above Scripture quote is part of Jesus’ exhortation to His Twelve Apostles as He sends them out to preach, heal and cast out demons in His name. He reminds them that all they have received from Him is a free gift and that they must, in turn, give the Gospel free of charge to everyone.
Advent is a time when we should especially focus upon the coming celebration of the Gift of Christmas. Christmas is a time when we give and receive gifts, but it’s important to understand the difference between a “gift” and a “present.” A present is something that is expected. For example, your spouse or child expects a present on their birthday or on Christmas. But a gift is something that is much more. A gift is something that is freely given, unearned and undeserved. It’s given out of love with no strings attached. This is what the Incarnation is all about.
Advent must be a time when we ponder the truth that God came to earth to give us Himself in an unmerited and free way. His life is a totally free Gift to us and is the greatest Gift we have ever received. In turn, Advent must be a time when we also reflect upon our calling to bring the Gift of Christ Jesus to others.
Reflect, today, upon the giving and receiving of Jesus in your life. Let your heart be filled with gratitude this Advent so that you, in turn, can give the Gift of Jesus to others.
Lord, thank You for the Gift of Your life. Thank You for coming to earth to enter into my life. Thank You for the joy of knowing You and loving You. May I allow this joy to so transform my life that I may continually seek to give You to others. Jesus, I trust in You.
My question is: Are the American people going to give Ryan's serial lying a pass? Is it okay to voters that the GOP vice presidential nominee delivered the speech well but his content was pure poison? Have we become so immune to lies that it's the new normal?
Pretty awesome, isn’t it? Most adolescents deal with strong emotions, and mindfulness skills can really make a difference. Now that you know more about mindfulness, would you like to give it a try?
Corruption scandals have long plagued Albany, but the legislature’s tainted public image has worsened in recent years. Of the 33 state legislators who have left their seats because of criminal or ethical problems since 1999, more than half have stepped down since Cuomo took office in 2010. In its annual ranking of corruption in the states last year, the nonprofit Center for Public Integrity gave New York a D minus.
“These ethics reforms are important. Especially considering the context of the past year,” Cuomo declared in his State of the State speech on January 13. “We have to remember the people we serve, and it’s our responsibility to give them the government that they deserve.”
“I’m not going to give a particular timetable,” he said following remarks regarding the two days of what he called successful airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops of food and water to tens of thousands of people trapped on Mount Sinjar.
We’d need to spend more time with the autopilot features before we really gave it that good ol’ TC stamp of approval — but in our short test period with it, I can say it seemed to work well. Once I trusted the car to do the steering and loosened my grip, it was a pretty mindblowing experience.
Main article: list of WLAN channels The 802.11 standard provides several distinct radio frequencies ranges for use in Wi-FI communications: 900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 3.6 GHz, 4.9 GHz, 5 GHz, 5.9 GHz, and 60 GHz bands.[56][57][58] Each range is divided into a multitude of channels. Countries apply their own regulations to the allowable channels, allowed users and maximum power levels within these frequency ranges. The ISM band ranges are also often used.[59] 802.11b/g/n can use the 2.4 GHz ISM band, operating in the United States under Part 15 Rules and Regulations. In this frequency band equipment may occasionally suffer interference from microwave ovens, cordless telephones, USB3.0 hubs, and Bluetooth devices. Spectrum assignments and operational limitations are not consistent worldwide: Australia and Europe allow for an additional two channels (12, 13) beyond the 11 permitted in the United States for the 2.4 GHz band, while Japan has three more (12–14). In the US and other countries, 802.11a and 802.11g devices may be operated without a license, as allowed in Part 15 of the FCC Rules and Regulations. A standard speed Wi-Fi signal occupies five channels in the 2.4 GHz band. Any two channel numbers that differ by five or more, such as 2 and 7, do not overlap. The oft-repeated adage that channels 1, 6, and 11 are the only non-overlapping channels is, therefore, not accurate. Channels 1, 6, and 11 are the only group of three non-overlapping channels in North America. However, channels that are four apart interfere a negligible amount, much less than reusing channels.[60] In Europe and Japan where channel 13 is available, using Channels 1, 5, 9, and 13 for 802.11g and 802.11n is recommended. 802.11a/h/j/n/ac/ax can use the 5 GHz U-NII band, which, for much of the world, offers at least 23 non-overlapping 20 MHz channels rather than the 2.4 GHz ISM frequency band, where the channels are only 5MHz wide. The 5GHz bands are more strongly absorbed by common building materials, and usually give shorter range. As the 802.11 specifications evolved to support higher throughput, the bandwidth requirements also increased to support them. 802.11n can use double the radio spectrum/bandwidth (40 MHz- 8 channels) compared to 802.11a or 802.11g (20 MHz). 802.11n can also be set to limit itself to 20 MHz bandwidth to prevent interference in dense communities.[61] In the 5 GHz band, 20, 40, 80 and 160 Mhz bandwidth signals are permitted with some restrictions, giving much faster connections.
Billionaire Republican donor Sheldon Adelson is reportedly willing to give Donald Trump as much as $100 million for his presidential campaign -- a purported record-setting amount for the wealth casino magnate.
Stephens plans to give Kurachi a place to stay at the end of his trip.
Duck Dynasty, the show that gave a platform to unlikely Christian evangelists and not-so-subtle bigots, is finally going off the air. The Robertson family announced this week that the current season of the show would be its last.
We recently acquired a copy of that official guide and gave it a read. Here’s what we learned.
Microsoft wrapped up its big event in New York this morning and left most Microsoft fans in awe. A flurry of announcements for both hardware and software in Microsoft’s future gave us all something to look forward to. It wouldn’t be a good Microsoft conference, however, without some incredible videos to give these announcements that extra bit of flair. Here are our favorites.
A lot of us tuned into this event to get some hardware news, and Microsoft delivered. While what we ended up getting wasn’t named the Surface Book 2, it might as well be. The Surface Book i7 does everything that made the original Surface Book great and does it all with bigger and better hardware. This clean-cut, nice-looking video gives us a look at one of the prettiest laptops that are on the market today.
This video can give you chills. Personally, I watched it about ten times after the conference. This serves as a fantastic introduction to the Surface Studio while giving a subtle nod to the new Surface Dial. The haunting rendition of Pure Imagination in the background ties the whole thing together, giving you a genuine feeling of artistry. This video might go down as one of the best ones that Microsoft has ever put out.
This takes a break from the more theatrical nature of the other videos and opts to give you a few testimonials. Hearing professionals talk about how the Surface Studio helps them do wonders to sell the device. Mix this praise with some upbeat instrumentals and a few great shots of the Studio at work, and you’ve got a solid ad.
The origins of the East-West stand-off over Ukraine are systemic in nature: neither side is prepared to give any ground. For the West, matters of principle are at stake: the inviolability of Ukraine’s sovereign borders as guaranteed by the Budapest Accords, and the right of nations to choose their alliances freely and without external interference. For the Kremlin, the conflict has become deeply intertwined with wider calculations about regime survival, making unilateral concessions unlikely.
If diplomacy on the nuclear front spills over into wider diplomatic re-engagement, then common ground on controversial issues surrounding Ukraine might be found in the medium-run. Federalist reforms and devolution to strengthen the political rights of ethnic Russians in Eastern Ukraine (in return for guarantees concerning Ukraine’s sovereignty) may assuage the Kremlin’s concerns about anti-Russian rule in Kiev. Opening up a route for Ukraine to join the EU would lack the security implications of NATO membership yet give the country a chance to become a liberalised state that does not threaten Russia. Crimea might then be formally ceded after an internationally observed, free and fair referendum, which would likely produce a pro-Russian outcome.
Then Rathgeber informed the Speaker, the Prime Minister’s Office, the chief government whip, and finally, he posted a tweet to the world. He acted by the book. More important, he acted: his resignation was an event, an unpredictable interruption of routine procedures. Accidents are unpredictable too. Rathgeber’s resignation was no accident, but the result of that internal deliberation we usually call thinking. Moreover, because it was public and concerned matters of public policy, it was political in the fullest sense of the term. Public action means the actor bears responsibility for his deed, which gave an unusual gravity to Rathgeber’s words of explanation.
GREENBURGH, N.Y. -- When opportunity knocks, you answer. Just ask New York Rangers defenseman prospect Vince Pedrie, who gave up his final two years at Penn State University for a chance to play in the NHL.
Oath Keepers boarded up a bunch of the storefronts and started night rotations on several rooftops. … Fearing more arsonists, Oath Keeper volunteers kept buckets of water, fire extinguishers and other nonlethal weapons on the rooftops. Some are also armed with rifles that aren’t available at Walmart and Cabela’s. The volunteers said they were well aware of the risk to life that arson can play and the legal right to stop it from happening. Group volunteers say they are confident they have helped protect property and lives since they arrived. Victor Clark, a dentist at Ferguson Dental on South Florissant Road, said he was happy to have the Oath Keepers’ free assistance. He wants to reopen his business soon. On Monday, rioters shattered the front door and window, and stole dental needles and anesthetic. Then Oath Keepers showed up out of the blue. “We gave them our keys,” he said. “We didn’t know that much about them, but we got a feeling of trust. You have to do something to protect our building.”
"We obviously knew coming in we needed to win every game," said Heaney, who walked a career-high five and has just one win since July 26. "Obviously, that's frustrating for me to feel like I didn't give the team a chance to win."
Rangers: LHP Martin Perez (3-6, 4.77) has three straight wins over four starts at home, with a 2.28 ERA in those starts. He gave up two unearned runs in six innings of a 4-2 loss at Houston in his last start.
Sony's No Good Deeds was the top film on Friday, as the Idris Elba/Taraji P. Henson home invasion thriller earned a pretty terrific $8.8 million on its first day of release. The $13.5m thriller courted a bit of controversy this week when Sony decided at the last minute to pull all scheduled press screenings, citing their desire to keep secret a climactic plot twist. The critics did get their hands into the picture on Friday and as expected they were pretty brutal. Did Sony merely decide to not screen the film for critics because they knew it was a critic-proof movie anyway (they went through a period in early 2006 where they released a bunch of movies sans-press screenings to relative box office success)? Or did the scenes of Idris Elba stalking, beating, and (no spoilers) possibly killing women gave executives worry after the Ray Rice domestic violence situation? I'll leave you to speculate, but audiences didn't care and the end result is still a rock-solid debut weekend for the Will Packer-produced thriller.
MOST READ IN POLITICS FEELING LUCKY? Winning Euromillions numbers for Tuesday February 26 2018 £21million jackpot BACK FROM THE DEAD 'Extinct' Galapagos tortoise could 'reproduce with sperm stored inside' 'THEY NEED LOVE' Couple lose unborn baby in crash as they drove to hospital to give birth LEFT FOR DEAD Girl, 10, found 'howling' in stream after boy, 16, 'choked and raped her' ACID ATTACK What is the Katie Piper Foundation and how does it help burns victims? WALKIES PORKIES Dog trainer on disability benefits filmed running with pooches at Crufts HEN DO MYSTERY Brit newlywed, 27, 'CLUNG to balcony before fatal Benidorm hotel plunge' PARK STRIFE Mum screams at motorist and refuses to move out of way in bizarre park road row MOTORWAY MAYHEM M6 crash chaos as rush-hour traffic gridlocked after horror smash MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab himself in neck'
A defeat for Mrs May would topple her premiership and give Mr Corbyn the chance to form a minority Labour government himself.
Getty Images 6 DUP leader Arlene Foster is set to strike a deal with Theresa May to give the Conservatives a majority
Song of the Deep is definitely worth giving a play and especially at only being priced $15. Underwater games have always been a tough setting for anyone to enjoy a game, but Insomniac Games did a great job with this one. I'll credit this game as "The best underwater game since Bioshock". I would recommend this game for its beautiful design, and cute storyline. Overall I really enjoyed this game despite the frustrating enemy encounters. The story is simple yet enticing, causing me to be really determined to go on and solve puzzles. As far as the puzzles go, they were just excellent (If you have patience for puzzles). If I had to give it a score I would go with 3.5/5. If you are expecting fast paced action you may be let down, however if you are a player with patience and enjoy puzzes, Song of the Deep is recommended for you.
These include proposals to privatize more airport towers, consolidate facilities and give FAA management more flexibility in running the sprawling air traffic system. All are part of a larger Republican effort to cut FAA spending by $4 billion.
“Sleeping on the job, near misses – those give me more ammunition when I go into negotiations,” John Mica, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Transportation Committee, told Reuters in an interview.
The union’s political action committee, however, is deemed a “heavy hitter” by the Center for Responsive Politics, a lobbying watchdog. NATCA gave more than $2 million to candidates, mostly Democrats, in last year’s congressional elections, according to the center’s fund-raising data.
It’s hard to say. I’m trying to learn all there is to learn. They rate these injuries A to E, and B to E are an incomplete injury. Unfortunately, she has an A rating, and it was hard for her to take at the beginning, but she was like, “I’m not going to let these doctors tell me what to do,” or let any rating tell her. She still doesn’t have any sensation below the waist. Sometimes she feels things happening in her legs—they’ll get hot or cold—but there’s not what you’d classify as sensation. We’re going to have to wait and see. I know she’s not going to give up.
Our contract was up with Hopeless, and we had kind of entertained the idea of seeing what was out there. We got pretty close with the guys who run [R[Razor & Tie]We feel really comfortable there and we feel like they really believe in our band. We had a great run with Hopeless; there was no bad blood, there was no real reason behind why we didn’t re-sign. We just wanted to try something new for several reasons on our end and Hopeless’ end. It will be an amazing accomplishment and another dream come true, but [R[R&T]re trying to present us with a radio opportunity again. They have a radio department, and I don’t even know what radio means anymore, but a couple of their bands are doing really well on the radio, and they’re excited about this record. They’re going to go for it, and that’s one of the things we wanted to try, simply because we’re not ready to give up on that. There are some songs that potentially could have a place on the radio. We should go after that if we have the ability and somebody who wants to do it, spend the money and get behind the songs and the band. We look forward to seeing what they may be able to pull off.
"A homely and savoury dish" according to Mrs Beeton, toad in the hole was originally made with any old meat that came to hand – the original domestic goddess suggests rump steak and lamb's kidney, while a reference a century earlier glosses it as "baked beef in a pudding" and Hannah Glasse gives a recipe for pigeons in a hole.
A good sausage is always a treat but tasty batter takes a little more work. I experiment with milk (Grigson), milk and water (Slater and Smith), milk and sparkling water (Simon Hopkinson and Lindsey Bareham) and milk and pale ale (Gayler). The all-milk pudding is definitely richer, but also noticeably softer and doughier. Water gives a crisper result, and sparkling water, as the authors note, an even lighter batter – but the flavour isn't as good. Using a mildly sparkling beer instead means the batter is both light and tasty, and handily leaves you with most of a bottle to enjoy while the toad cooks.
More successful is the Prawn Cocktail Years batter, which is deemed to boast the perfect balance of crisp top and soft, slightly gooey interior. I suspect this is partly down to the prolonged beating of the eggs, which gives the batter real volume.
At times I worried if taking the very front spot of the kayak was a good idea. Oakley was always trying to butt in from the side, but I didn’t want to give it up. It ended up that we were both barely balancing on the tip of the kayak while Oakley kept pushing me closer and closer to the narrowing tip.
Two months later he boards a boat from Southampton to New York, where he has been challenged to a rematch with Hayes at Madison Square Gardens. He had, he said, “done absolutely no training since the day of the marathon” and had unsuccessfully asked for a delay “to give me an opportunity for some real training”. It was a very different occasion, run over 262 laps of an indoor track in an atmosphere heavy with dust and tobacco smoke, but was no less popular than the first: 20,000 fans fill the stadium, with 10,000 left disappointed outside. In what the New York Times described as “the most spectacular foot race that New York ever has witnessed”, Pietri won by half a lap, and again, more convincingly still, in a second rematch held the following March.
After all our high hopes that England was the land of the long-distance runner, we have still to win the marathon race. Our failure to do so at the former races was believed to be due to the fact that we were unable to be represented properly, but when the struggle was to be over our own roads many of us thought it was as good as won. As it happened, we were beaten by our own weather as well as 12 of our opponents. The little Italian Dorando, who stumbled round the tape after receiving help from his friend (which opened the unhappy business of protests), seemed, until the last mile, least of all to feel the heat. But the South African Hefferon, the Amercan Hayes, and even the Swede Svanberg were all much less distressed than the Englishmen. The success of the Americans, who had three men in the first five, however much they may supposed to revel in the hot weather, calls for another revision of our ideas about the athletic resources of that inexhaustible country. The finish of the contest, with its pitiable and dramatic incidents, will give the Marathon race a place by itself in the history of our sports, tinging it with something of the grimness of its origin...
At length rumour, with one wild swan song of inaccuracy, had done with us, and in tense and painful silence the onlookers awaited the arrival of the first men. The gangway was clear. It looked as though the winner had only to burst through, run round a section of the track, and burst the tape, a little exhausted, perhaps, at the foot of the Royal stand. It was, however, a very different thing that actually happened. Over the cycle track came a string of officials, who stood aside. Then a gaunt, bony figure struggled through. His head was bound up in a handkerchief. Through the glasses, one could see his face, half dreamy, half frantic. It was easy to see that the man was almost delirious. He staggered across the cement track and was pushed in the direction he was required to go. He had run so far he lifted his legs mechanically and as he lifted them friendly hands gave him a push, so that he made some progress. Dimly at the back of his mind he seemed to know that he was wanted to run, and he went through the necessary motions.
Norway's one of the most expensive countries in the world, and house prices have remained at a record high this September, which is why the same article gives a list of fourteen places with the cheapest house prices in Norway. No information is given on how interesting they are to live in though, so we'll have to turn to other sources for that.
with a population of 20,616. Stjørdal is quite close (35 km) to Trondheim which gives it a growing population as a satellite city, and it has a lot of birds and an interesting castle.
Clinton has been under pressure from Democrats to pursue a more progressive agenda, especially after Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., gave her a close primary race with a platform of higher taxes and an expanded federal government.
“They deserved to play. I should have let them play the whole game or the whole quarter,” Kidd told the New York Daily News about his second unit. “They’re playing, you know, for one another. It’s not perfect but that group that gave us an opportunity by cutting it to eight.”
-- The rotation, with Goran Dragic given the night off, also gave Josh Richardson the opportunity to show his versatility.
At the age of 17, Boe became an apprentice mechanic at the TVR factory in Bispham, Blackpool.[9] He enjoyed entertaining his colleagues by singing opera arias while he polished the cars, and one day was overheard by a client with connections in the music industry who was so impressed that he suggested Boe should go to London and audition for the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. His audition was a success and he gave up polishing cars to embark on a singing career.[9] Boe has never been able to trace the customer who suggested he go for the audition, having lost the man's business card.[10]
Hennessey gave several examples of CBO analyses under Elmendorf that have served to undermine pernicious lefty ideas. When "Team Obama" insisted that an increase in the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour would "benefit millions and harm no one," Hennessey wrote, "CBO destroyed this claim, pointing out that the President’s favored policy would reduce the labor supply by about half a million workers." In turn:
It all comes together to give you a nice unboxing experience that you’ll remember and will get you excited to play with your new Poppet. I’ve had a lot of fun and anguish creating this experience and I hope it’s everything for you, that I’ve imagined it will be.
MSU officials claimed it was likely they were the first university in India to give trans people fee-free places.
Today, Boole’s name is well known to computer scientists (many programming languages have a basic data type called a Boolean), but in 1938 he was rarely read outside of philosophy departments. Shannon himself encountered Boole’s work in an undergraduate philosophy class. “It just happened that no one else was familiar with both fields at the same time,” he commented later. Boole is often described as a mathematician, but he saw himself as a philosopher, following in the footsteps of Aristotle. The Laws of Thought begins with a description of his goals, to investigate the fundamental laws of the operation of the human mind: The design of the following treatise is to investigate the fundamental laws of those operations of the mind by which reasoning is performed; to give expression to them in the symbolical language of a Calculus, and upon this foundation to establish the science of Logic ... and, finally, to collect ... some probable intimations concerning the nature and constitution of the human mind. He then pays tribute to Aristotle, the inventor of logic, and the primary influence on his own work: In its ancient and scholastic form, indeed, the subject of Logic stands almost exclusively associated with the great name of Aristotle. As it was presented to ancient Greece in the partly technical, partly metaphysical disquisitions of The Organon, such, with scarcely any essential change, it has continued to the present day. Trying to improve on the logical work of Aristotle was an intellectually daring move. Aristotle’s logic, presented in his six-part book The Organon, occupied a central place in the scholarly canon for more than 2,000 years. It was widely believed that Aristotle had written almost all there was to say on the topic. The great philosopher Immanuel Kant commented that, since Aristotle, logic had been “unable to take a single step forward, and therefore seems to all appearance to be finished and complete.”
Descartes’s algebra allowed mathematicians to move beyond spatial intuitions to manipulate symbols using precisely defined formal rules. This shifted the dominant mode of mathematics from diagrams to formulas, leading to, among other things, the development of calculus, invented roughly 30 years after Descartes by, independently, Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz. Boole’s goal was to do for Aristotelean logic what Descartes had done for Euclidean geometry: free it from the limits of human intuition by giving it a precise algebraic notation. To give a simple example, when Aristotle wrote: All men are mortal. Boole replaced the words “men” and “mortal” with variables, and the logical words “all” and “are” with arithmetical operators: x = x * y Which could be interpreted as “Everything in the set x is also in the set y.” The Laws of Thought created a new scholarly field—mathematical logic—which in the following years became one of the most active areas of research for mathematicians and philosophers. Bertrand Russell called the Laws of Thought “the work in which pure mathematics was discovered.” Shannon’s insight was that Boole’s system could be mapped directly onto electrical circuits. At the time, electrical circuits had no systematic theory governing their design. Shannon realized that the right theory would be “exactly analogous to the calculus of propositions used in the symbolic study of logic.”
While Shannon showed how to map logic onto the physical world, Turing showed how to design computers in the language of mathematical logic. When Turing wrote his paper, in 1936, he was trying to solve “the decision problem,” first identified by the mathematician David Hilbert, who asked whether there was an algorithm that could determine whether an arbitrary mathematical statement is true or false. In contrast to Shannon’s paper, Turing’s paper is highly technical. Its primary historical significance lies not in its answer to the decision problem, but in the template for computer design it provided along the way. Turing was working in a tradition stretching back to Gottfried Leibniz, the philosophical giant who developed calculus independently of Newton. Among Leibniz’s many contributions to modern thought, one of the most intriguing was the idea of a new language he called the “universal characteristic” that, he imagined, could represent all possible mathematical and scientific knowledge. Inspired in part by the 13th-century religious philosopher Ramon Llull, Leibniz postulated that the language would be ideographic like Egyptian hieroglyphics, except characters would correspond to “atomic” concepts of math and science. He argued this language would give humankind an “instrument” that could enhance human reason “to a far greater extent than optical instruments” like the microscope and telescope.
The major innovation of Frege’s logic is that it much more accurately represented the logical structure of ordinary language. Among other things, Frege was the first to use quantifiers (“for every,” “there exists”) and to separate objects from predicates. He was also the first to develop what today are fundamental concepts in computer science like recursive functions and variables with scope and binding. Frege’s formal language — what he called his “concept-script” — is made up of meaningless symbols that are manipulated by well-defined rules. The language is only given meaning by an interpretation, which is specified separately (this distinction would later come to be called syntax versus semantics). This turned logic into what the eminent computer scientists Allan Newell and Herbert Simon called “the symbol game,” “played with meaningless tokens according to certain purely syntactic rules.” All meaning had been purged. One had a mechanical system about which various things could be proved. Thus progress was first made by walking away from all that seemed relevant to meaning and human symbols. As Bertrand Russell famously quipped: “Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.” An unexpected consequence of Frege’s work was the discovery of weaknesses in the foundations of mathematics. For example, Euclid’s Elements — considered the gold standard of logical rigor for thousands of years — turned out to be full of logical mistakes. Because Euclid used ordinary words like “line” and “point,” he — and centuries of readers — deceived themselves into making assumptions about sentences that contained those words. To give one relatively simple example, in ordinary usage, the word “line” implies that if you are given three distinct points on a line, one point must be between the other two. But when you define “line” using formal logic, it turns out “between-ness” also needs to be defined—something Euclid overlooked. Formal logic makes gaps like this easy to spot.
“I’ve talked to somebody back east that has been a very big proponent and is deeply involved in the League1 scenario,” TSS head coach Colin Elmes told AFTN. “I said to him, please give me a rational argument as to why PDL has been left out of this model. He did clear a couple of things up for me.
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is moving forward with a plan to coordinate the state’s 2016 presidential primary with five other states—Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee—in an effort to give national Republicans’ bedrock region more say in whom their party (and Democrats, too) nominates to run for the White House.
They tell us, in story and in song, that the All-Father birthed 13 sons and daughters of his own hands. In the shadow of the Children, He created humanity in his likeness. But, we forgot both Him and the Children, as we got caught up in our own ways, the chaotic way of great Kingdoms, and the clink of coppers and silvers. Of course some part of us remembered them. The old temples, our calendar, the names we give our children--they all pay heritage to the Thirteen and to the All-Father.
Heroes of Steel will be built on the same model. A critical component of our strategy which allows us to truly listen to you is that we “release early and release often.” We will release Heroes of Steel to our alpha testers (see Rewards) as soon as it is playable and fun--way before it is finished. Heroes will make it to the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon) a short time later, with much of your alpha feedback incorporated within the game. Even then, we know Heroes will continue to evolve and improve. We will hammer it with updates from both our game design plan, and also from our active community suggestions until it is as rich, deep, complex and immersive as is possible on the Android platform. So, please help us fund Heroes of Steel and you’ll have the opportunity to join us on our forum, Facebook, and blog to lend a hand in building one of the best tactical RPGs on the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon). Our community-driven games give every contributor a chance to get involved!
You will receive an unlock code that will allow your lead character in a new game to receive a unique item specifically crafted for his or her class. The Mighty Starter item will give you a distinct advantage in the early stages of your game, especially on harder difficulties. These items are only available through KickStarter! Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels!
You will receive an unlock code which will allow any party that successfully completes the first Chapter to receive an additional rewards -- the Venerated Gift. The Venerated Gift item is unique to your lead character’s class and will give you a powerful advantage as you advance into the second and third Chapters. These items are only available through KickStarter! Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels!
More than a month before Heroes of Steel is released to the Android markets, you will gain access to the game for our alpha testing program. You will be able to download the game onto your devices, test out the game, the story, and mechanics, and most importantly you will have special access to the Trese Brothers developers and artists to give early feedback and help drive the game evolution. Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels!
To understand the time, detail, and attention to community feedback that Trese Brothers give to their games, you should try them out! We think you will be impressed. If you are having any doubts about backing the Heroes of Steel project, just pick up one of our games and join our community forum to see if you enjoy our style and fanatical customer service.
Blaney pointed to legislation the government plans to bring to the House to give police more power to deal with cases like Maguire's.
As I talk to my friends and colleagues, I understand that retirement means something very different to us than it did to the previous generation. Many of us want to continue to work, others want to give back to their communities and the world while some want to follow long delayed dreams. What does retirement mean to you? When you take your fanciful day trips to the future, what do you see?
What makes our extinctions different, however, is that we can learn from them. We can avoid having to lament species by learning how to take better care of habitats and ecosystems, how to use technology and back-crossing to induce greater genetic variation in small, endangered populations to give them a better chance of survival, and how to properly raise animals in captivity and then release them into the wild.
Anarchists in solidarity with the purged immigrants of Agios Panteleimonas ventured once again to open the public playground which is kept locked by fascists in favor of segregation, leading to battle with riot police and five arrests.
On Tuesday 9/06 anarchists in solidarity to immigrants who are being daily terrorised by fascist thugs of the Golden Dawn neonazi party and their local allies in the area of Agios Panteleimonas, moved to unblock the entrance of the local children playground which the fascists want to keep locked in an effort to impose segregation between greeks and immigrants, and "to preserve the blood purity of the white race"...While unblocking the playground the anarchists were attacked by fascists who were soon routed before the arrival of riot police forces who engaged the anarchists in battle with the aim of protecting the fascists. During the clashes one policeman was injured and five protesters were arrested on criminal charges. After the end of the clashes, a local greek father, Mr Tasoulas, defying the reign of terror in the area, took his son to play in the coveted playground. Soon they were surrounded by fascists who blocked the exit of the playground and threatened to linch the father calling him a traitor. After he managed to handle the child to a sympathetic neighbor, the fascists beat the father in full presence of the chief of the local police station. The strong police forces present at the scene then arrested the father and took him to the local police station, where his solicitor, a leading figure of the legal world and human rights activist, was piled with eggs by fascists who threatened her life.
Oh, space. You're so hard to explore. Sometimes you bombard spacecrafts with hurtling rocks and deadly cosmic rays, and other times you're so empty you don't give astronauts a darn thing to hold on to. But while scientists haven't quite figured out how to keep radiation at bay, the scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory—specifically, its Planetary Robotics Laboratory—are building machines that can get a grip on the most difficult surfaces astronauts will find out there.
“Keep Boulder weird, and keep Gravity Glue making weird ass rock art.”
And the Detroit Lions defensive tackle isn't angry at the possible double-standard. "(That kind of hit) happens all the time," Suh said during a news conference Wednesday "It's not going to stop. Look forward to it -- look forward to keep making plays down the field. That's my job. "To me, it's just gnats that are in the air that keep going after you. You swat at 'em, and sometimes you hit 'em, sometimes you don't. Sometimes they run away, sometimes they come back again. But ultimately, I'm just that bee going to find that honey hole. That's what I do." Suh was excoriated by various players, past and present, as well as coaches and some media for blocking Minnesota center John Sullivan in the knees in the opener. He drew a record $100,000 fine. Fanaika, conversely, wasn't whistled for a penalty -- in fact, the block was legal because Fanaika's an offensive lineman -- and the country hasn't rallied to Suh's defense. Suh said he "doesn't care" about being treated differently in the media. "That's not my job," he said. Coach Jim Schwartz shrugged off the play as well, and wouldn't disclose whether Detroit has or plans to file a grievance with the league. "That whole turning plays in and saying the league called and said this, I honestly think that's a little unbecoming," Schwartz said. "We try to keep our conversations with the league just to that. If they tell us they blew a call ... I mean, how many times have I come up here and said that? "Probably never, because we don't make excuses. We don't want to make excuses for stuff like that." Schwartz did seem to have some issue with the rule itself though, which allows for offensive lineman to block below the waist as long as it's from the front. "Is it less of an injury risk (than if a defensive lineman does it)? No, but it's a legal play as opposed to a play that's penalized, so it is what it is," he said. Suh also denied a Fox Sports report that he's stomped on teammates in practice, deferring to previous statements from Schwartz and center Dominic Raiola that it never happened.0000495-5107e5532b3e6dbd6dc0996ae0cc1341.txt
"In four years, I never heard a word out of his mouth," said David Hamilton, who graduated with Ciancia from Salesianum School in Wilmington, Delaware, in 2008. "He kept to himself and ate lunch alone a lot. I really don't remember any one person who was close to him."
The airport, known as LAX, serves about 64 million people a year, with more than 1,500 flights taking off and landing every day. Terminal 3 is home to Virgin America and other airlines. All flights were grounded and President Barack Obama was being kept informed.
Passenger Leon Saryan, who was walking from the security check carrying his shoes and belt, told ABC News: "I was cowering in a corner. He (the gunman) looked at me and he said, 'TSA?' I shook my head no, and he kept on going. I just prayed to God. That's all I did. I just prayed."
natesilver: Here’s the problem, Micah. Lots of people, political reporters especially, believe in momentum. If something goes from 50 to 45 percent, they assume it will keep going down, until it hits 40, 35, etc.
natesilver: Yeah, I don’t think Sanders’s support will be affected that much. At the margin, it might make it easier for him to win the plurality in a caucus state here or there. But Bernie will keep on Bernin’.
There are people in Paris who keep scrapbooks on dubbing, who collect signed photos, who know what you've dubbed despite your name rarely appearing on the credits. I respect people's reasons for wanting to contact me, but I don't send out photos. People feel they know the voice and they want to know you. A voice is a very moving thing. Dubbing is taken seriously in France, and people get very upset if an actor who has dubbed a star for a long time suddenly changes. Audiences want continuity.
I dub films because I enjoy it, it's artistic - and it is a skill that teaches you a lot about acting. I'm currently writing my fourth play for my theatre company and dubbing allows me to keep on doing the work for theatre. I've acted in theatres all over Paris, I've been on the TV, but the greatest irony is that I've never actually appeared on the cinema screen.
Two bow and two stern thrusters provide port manoeuvrability, and two pairs of stabilizer fins reduce rolling.[35] A special silicone-based paint, instead of biocides used by much of the industry, keeps barnacles off of the hull.[21] This increases her efficiency by reducing drag while also protecting the ocean from biocides that may leak. The paint is credited with lowering the water drag enough to save 1,200 tonnes of fuel per year.[37] The ship has a bulbous bow, a standard feature for cargo ships.
I was upset because of the confusion I felt in the presence of these women, and questioned if I lacked genuine love in my actions. I wanted to feel that my presence gave validation to Jesus’ love, and to feel pleasing to our Lord. I felt none of this. What I felt was the little love I had was barely enough to keep me moving to the next floor, let alone sufficient to be a presence to these ladies.
You can apply this idea to sex as well. I’ll give you another example from my own life: I cannot keep my mouth shut during sex. I dunno, I just let forth a torrent of filthy talk every time I get naked. That’s the price of admission for me—I don’t necessarily need someone to reciprocate it, I just need someone who’s okay with me doing that. Because I like it and I really don’t want to not do it.
Another valid way of addressing a libido gap is to consider sleeping with other people. If you’re both into it and you want to keep the non-sexual parts of your relationship going, you can always negotiate a less traditional relationship structure. You know, one that allows you to take your yayas outside the two of you and get your rocks off with someone else. Or many someone elses.
And then there's the Overkill shotgun, which perhaps encapsulates how well the Coalition understands the series it has inherited. On the surface it's a quad-barrelled monster worthy of Painkiller, but in practice the Overkill is a flexible instrument that, much like the famous Active Reload mechanic, challenges you to keep a cool head under pressure.
"When I told Sigmund [the family dog] to leave his warm seat and go to bed, he flattened his ears and slowly turned his head toward me. He deliberately braced himself by placing one paw on the edge of the furry lid, then hunched his shoulders, raised his lips to reveal the molars on both sides, and uttered his most threatening growl. That was Siggie's way of saying. "Get lost!" "I had seen this defiant mood before, and knew there was only one way to deal with it. The ONLY way to make Siggie obey is to threaten him with destruction. Nothing else works. I turned and went to my closet and got a small belt to help me 'reason' with Mr. Freud." . . . "What developed next is impossible to describe. That tiny dog and I had the most vicious fight ever staged between man and beast. I fought him up one wall and down the other, with both of us scratching and clawing and growling and swinging the belt. I am embarrassed by the memory of the entire scene. Inch by inch I moved him toward the family room and his bed. As a final desperate maneuver, Siggie backed into the corner for one last snarling stand. I eventually got him to bed, only because I outweighed him 200 to 12!" ... "But this is not a book about the discipline of dogs; there is an important moral to my story that is highly relevant to the world of children. JUST AS SURELY AS A DOG WILL OCCASIONALLY CHALLENGE THE AUTHORITY OF HIS LEADERS, SO WILL A LITTLE CHILD -- ONLY MORE SO." "[I]t is possible to create a fussy, demanding baby by rushing to pick him up every time he utters a whimper or sigh. Infants are fully capable of learning to manipulate their parents through a process called reinforcement, whereby any behavior that produces a pleasant result will tend to recur. Thus, a healthy baby can keep his mother hopping around his nursery twelve hours a day (or night) by simply forcing air past his sandpaper larynx."
You know those scenes in Friday Night Lights when Dillon comes back to win on a four-play, 240-yard drive that ends with a 90-yard Hail Mary with 0.001 seconds left? Chelsea did that in the Champions League against three straight opponents, two of whom (Barcelona and Bayern) finished 1-2 in both possession and pass-completion rate in Europe, one of whom (Barcelona) was an era-defining team that had won two of the last three Champions League titles. If it hadn’t been Chelsea — a massively well-funded English club with global reach and an owner who owns multiple submarines — we would have talked about this as if it were the Cinderella run to end all Cinderella runs. No matter how dire their situation looked, Chelsea just kept surviving, trailing streams of exclamation points, and somehow repeatedly blowing up the clock a split second before the minute hand touched midnight.
At the same time, Chelsea itself tore down some of the walls that kept it separate from other big teams. For years, Chelsea was at entertaining odds with the G-14, a supergroup of the biggest clubs in European soccer. After a lot of cloak-and-dagger maneuvering from then-Chelsea executive Peter Kenyon, the G-14 dissolved in January 2008 and was replaced by the European Club Association, a larger group that does include Chelsea. But the typical radicals-to-congressmen rules applied: Every time Chelsea made it a little further into the game’s aristocracy, the club seemed a little less dangerous.
Bob Corker, one of the most respected Senate Republicans, who has tried to keep open channels to the White House and coax Trump toward a more conventional foreign policy, unloaded on him in a spectacular manner.
From the massive Chronicles of Darkness: Dark Eras main book, we have pulled this single chapter, Dark Eras: Beneath the Skin (Demon and Skinchangers 1486-1502 Aztec Empire). Ahuitzotl sits on the throne at the height of the Aztec Empire, overseeing his sorcerer-priests’ sacrifices and the endless flower wars his jaguar and eagle warriors carry out in his name to keep the altars well-supplied with victims. The gears of the Aztec Empire turn smoothly and inexorably, but not everything is what it pretends to be. Skinchangers take the shapes of animals to run the wilds or bring down human prey, the Unchained cobble together identities from stolen lives, and stranger things still lurk in the deserts and jungles beyond the walls of Tenochtitlan.
Beneath the splendor of Rio de Janeiro seethes a hotbed of occult activity. Over a score of mummies keep their tombs in Rio, their presence seeping into the soil and stones and souls of the city. Over all this reigns the infamous Teshra-Gemet, the pretender Pharaoh.
In an interview for the Emmys, Lawless said: “I was like, ‘What about being like her? She’s big and bronze and dark-haired.’ Fortunately they went that way, because my hair would have fallen out if we tried to keep it blonde.”
It started as an occasional joke in season one, but by season two, every single episode had disclaimers like, “Despite Gabrielle’s incessant hurling, Ulysses’ ship was not harmed during the making of this motion picture”, “No harpies were harmed in the making of this episode”, “No oversized Polynesian-style Bamboo Horses were harmed during the production of this motion picture. However many wicker lawn chairs gave their lives,” and in an episode featuring Xena’s death; “Xena was permanently harmed in the making of this motion picture, but kept her spirits up.”
Because of how Kickstarter works, if we don't reach our goal of $30k, we won't get to keep any of the money. We can't do this without you! Here's how you can help us...
“As long as my children are happy, as long as I know their education is set for, then I’m good,” she said. “I’ll just keep doing this as long as I have to.”
Meanwhile the ExMoi occupation lives on. Many among the refugees are families (15% of the inhabitants are women and more than 30 children under 10 live there), some have found jobs and continue living there to support their friends. Many people have not been able to find a proper job but survive by selling metal or other materials found in rubbish bins. A community has somehow been created, with a mix of ethnic groups living peacefully together. Although there have been some minor personal clashes, life goes on, even if the structural problems make everyday living challenging: water pours from some ceilings, the electricity system cuts out, and only half of the apartments have hot water, not to mention the lack of any heating system. Despite all this, the refugees and the Committee have managed to keep ExMoi clean and working, repairing the worst problems in three out of four buildings.
The process will take some time to work through, due to the large size of ExMoi. Meanwhile, the right-wing parties will have an easy target for the next elections and will keep on pushing for the harshest punitive measures.
Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think "Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That's much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can't even pronounce." Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child's play. ... It's easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don't agree with everything Michael Pollen says, his message is generally on point: "nutritionism" is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what's healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It's important to get nutrients, but it's wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner.
There is a rough agreement that a balanced diet is probably a good idea. While there are some regular people who experiment with meat-only diets, macrobiotic diets, etc, most researchers are old dudes who eat normal diets and believe that veggies and fruits and whole grains are good, and red meat is bad, and some other things are in between. I'm just one person who has had the opportunity to make a career out of reading articles and grading their study quality — but I can honestly say that I don't know what is correct for sure. Gluten and wheat is bad for some people, low carb could help certain diabetics but so could a very nutritious diet, and low carb can also cause side effects in some people. Some people live long lives with "healthy" diets, some live long lives eating milk chocolate and fried chicken every day. For any specific nutrient, I can summarize the evidence. And for any type of diet, I can find the totality of observational evidence for it. But there haven't been many (any?) long term randomized trials of low carb, high carb, etc etc. It would be too expensive, deemed unethical, and just not logistically feasible for compliance — the primary researcher for long term observational trials (where they just follow people and collect data, not make them eat certain diets) often die in the middle of the trial, so it's quite an effort to keep a long randomized trial going that costs millions. Especially when food trials are funded at levels so much lower than pharmaceutical trials.
On Saturday, China said it had demanded that Malaysia keep providing more thorough and accurate information, and added that it was sending a technical team to Malaysia to help with the investigation.
I’ve experienced many incredible things tagging along on missions into the forbidden city, and as much as I might treasure memories of watching sunsets from the roofs of council blocks or waking up on top of bridges, it is undercity London that most piques my interest. The tangle of tunnels that keeps the city ticking are vast, diverse in function and undoubtedly the most difficult in the world to access, this being the city of paranoia and all.
Being an urban explorer has been a wonderful lesson in geography. I’ve learned about how people build relationships to places; how space is surveilled, controlled and regulated; how the city is built to not just influence our behaviour but to actually condition the way we think about what is ethical, right and even possible. Although it was chasing the story of urban exploration that got me involved in the first instance, it is the way urban exploration makes boundaries visible and keeps me sharp, paying attention to everything and continually calling me to action, which holds my interest as a researcher.
The Grand Council of the Crees and the Inuit of Nunavik in Northern Quebec have both expressed that they will keep their lands in Canada should Quebec secede, invoking international laws that guarantee their right to self-determination. In 1995, a Cree referendum voted 95% in favour of staying in Canada should Quebec secede.
Sylvain Charlebois, a professor at Dalhousie University's Faculty of Agriculture, says Amazon has the potential to fight food insecurity in the North thanks to the company's sheer size and its ability to keep food prices low and stable.
"There is no place in our city for alcohol-fuelled violence and we will continue to work to keep our streets safe," he said.
I said long ago the only solution was for the fed to buy these loans and refinance them at current market values. Banks could have continued servicing them to earn their money. A $100,000 loan modfied down to $70,000 still means a $135,000 total repayment at 5% interest. This could have allowed most people to keep their homes and also would set the ground for newly valid mortgage contracts. And the government could have even made a profit on it and saved the economy in one quick swoop. Proves they are not friends of the people.
When she finally ran away, she filed a restraining order against him, she recalls. She thought that would keep him away; she hadn’t expected him to send someone to kill her.
Buckworth also said that financial factors may play a role, with many couples opting to keep their finances separate.
5. If you wanna keep track of your weight-loss and share the results with the thread, fucking go for it, bro. If you want to keep it to yourself, that is also dude. The goal is self-improvement through self-indudement.
A lot of y'all in the thread thing that the Buffcraft regime is insufficiently masculine. I'm proud of you for recognizing that more can be done. You wanna participate, and you think you can handle MORE than the vanilla pansy-ass version of Buffcraft. Post your alternative regimen in the thread, and keep us updated as you step up further. But remember, lying causes your secondary sexual organs to shrink to the size of raisins. And nobody likes raisins.
Fail at committing cheese: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment. Are you a nerd?Are you a slob?Do you have a girly screen name on Team Liquid?If you answered any of these questions, there's only one thing can salvage your lifeYou see, I know a lotta y'all wanna spread the word of e-sports, but how you gonna get taken seriously if you look like the sterotypical gaming nerd. Y'aint, t's how.In order for our fandom to be taken seriously by today's materialist culture, we must be more than devoted, funny, and all around cool people. The Starcraft 2 fandom must be known o'er the land as the fandom with theHuah!When you're a(or, as they case may be. Muscles are not a patriarchy, they're a pec-riachry), you make your own rules. Here's what they are:1. You gotta ladder, bro. How you gonna be taken serious as a Starcraft 2 player if you don't ladder. That's common sense.2. When you win a game, reward yourself by doing a manly act of your choice. Flex! Punch something! Headbutt a tree! What matters is that you stay3. But when you, that's when you need toback the right to play.3a. If you lose a macro game, you need to do 10 crunches OR 10 jumping jacks OR ten push-ups3b. If you lose to cheese, you need to do 25 crunches, jumping jacks, OR push-ups3c. If you yourself are the cheeser and still you lose, you must do 30 crunches, jumping jacks, or push-ups4. After payin' your dues, you can rest if you feel you feel you need to. Play when you're ready, don't actually hurt yourself. We don't judge you...out loud.5. If you wanna keep track of your weight-loss and share the results with the thread, fucking go for it, bro. If you want to keep it to yourself, that is also dude. The goal is self-improvement through self-indudement.6. Buffcraft is not a substitute for an actual exercise regime. I'm not a doctah. Go see one before starting this program if you feel the need, due a medical condition, pregnancy, or anything like that.Remember, the most important rule is to get a little healthier and manlier (or womanlier!) while having fun playing Starcraft 2. Anything in accordance with that rule is not only allowed, but encouraged. You think you can have more fun adding "flex and then yell" at 50 food in your build order. Fucking do it. You wanna ladder dressed as David Coverdale from the band Whitesnake? Huah!And if you get flex and crunch your way to Masters, then you're just goddamn winning at everything.EDITED:A lot of y'all in the thread thing that the Buffcraft regime is insufficiently masculine. I'm proud of you for recognizing that more can be done. You wanna participate, and you think you can handle MORE than the vanilla pansy-ass version of Buffcraft. Post your alternative regimen in the thread, and keep us updated as you step up further. But remember, lying causes your secondary sexual organs to shrink to the size of raisins. And nobody likes raisins.: Having crushed my enemy and seeing him driven before me, I imagine the lamentations of his women.: 25 crunches. 25 jumping jacks: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 10 push-ups: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment.
Clinton first said she prefers to keep the Democratic primary about Democrats, then reiterated her criticisms of Trump’s xenophobic and anti-immigrant rhetoric — and added a splash of spanish.
Sausage Party has become the surprise hit of a summer sorely lacking in them, making almost $37 million on a $19 million budget. Well, now animators are speaking out about how the film kept costs down.
The production cost were kept low because Greg would demand people work overtime for free. If you wouldn’t work late for free your work would be assigned to someone who would stay late or come in on the weekend. Some artist were even threatened with termination for not staying late to hit a deadline.
All of the comments are truth or maybe rather written too lightly. I personally know & witnessed many other incidents during the production; such as an “Open Letter” to the clients, and how Greg threatened artists for it. I cannot put more details because I’m scared of revealing my identity.. and *I really want to keep working in this industry* Sickening how one can brag about production cost, when he was the one who demanded artists to work for free, otherwise get fired.
(If a daughter of a peer or courtesy peer marries another peer or courtesy peer, she takes her husband's rank. If she marries anyone else, she keeps her rank and title, using her husband's surname instead of her maiden name.)
"There's always the threat of violence because anti-racists are so provoked and infuriated by the Nazis," he said. "The police have a tough jog in these situations. They have to keep the neo-Nazis and their opponents apart."
Van Dyke said it's important to keep protesters -- and particularly young people -- away from the white supremacist rally in order to protect them.
"Another goal, which is really important to keep in mind, is that they seek to inflame existing tensions in that town between the community and police," she said. "For so, so many reasons, we need to have an alternative unity event."
When it comes to privacy restrictions on matters of social media, it seems to me that there is an easy demarcation line that ought to suffice here: that which is public and that which is not. Most social media sites come with handy tools to keep some or all portions of an account private, or shareable only amongst connections within the platform. If an applicant wants something kept from the eyes of an employer, they need only hide it behind those privacy options. This regulation, however, would restrict a company from accessing public information, which should plainly be viewed as nonsensical.
Who said you should always keep your iPhone straight and take perfectly horizontal photos? For some reason that’s exactly what we end up doing 99% of the time. However, there are situations when tilting the iPhone a little will result in a far more interesting and unique photos.
9. Always keep experimenting
You should always keep experimenting and looking for a unique and interesting angle for your photos. Don’t just take a photo the way you see the scene, try to change the angle and see how that changes the photo. Don’t just settle for the first version of what could be a great photo.
Maybe you want to get down on your knees, maybe you want to climb the nearby stairs and take the photo from there, or maybe you want to get closer to your subject. Always keep experimenting with unique shooting angles, and you won’t be disappointed with the results.
Now, this one is tricky and probably only Malayalis will understand what I am talking about. During those days mostly there would be at least one Keralite from every other household working in the Gulf countries (Generalized as ‘Persia’) and they make a visit once in every four or five years. At that time, everyone in the family – to the n’th relationship level – neighborhood and the village need to be gifted something or other. Cigarettes, cheap perfume sprays and synthetic clothe material or saris that will last beyond five generations were some of the cheaper options to keep everyone happy. Among these gifts, the kids usually gets the so-called “Happy T-shirt” which is nothing but a round neck T-shirt made of cheap synthetic fabric and a big H A P P Y written on it in a semi circle. We kids were, indeed, very happy to get them as gifts and would proudly wear them till they wore out. Those who wear Happy Tees were identified as the Gulf fellow’s son or relative.
So keep these two things in mind:
President  rump has laid out our princi ples or tax reorm: First, make the tax code simple, air and easy to understand. Second, give American workers a pay raise by allowing them to keep more o their hard-earned pay checks. Tird, make America the jobs magnet o  the world by levelin g the playing ﬁeld or American businesses and workers. Finally , bring back trillions o dollars that are currently kept oﬀshore to reinvest in the American economy. Te President’ s our princip les are consisten t with the goals o both congression al tax-writing committees, and are at the core o this ramework or ﬁxing America’s broken tax code. oo many in our country are shut out o the dynamism o the U.S. economy, which has led to the justiﬁable eeling that the system is rigged against hardw orking American s. With signiﬁcan t and meaningul tax reorm and relie, we will create a airer system that levels the playing ﬁeld and extends economic opportunities to American workers, small businesses, and middle-income amilies. Te rum p Administration and Congress will work together to produce tax reorm that w ill put America ﬁrst.
Oregon (3-6, 1-5) needs to win to keep its slim hopes of making the postseason alive. The Ducks have lost six of their last seven and are in danger of missing a bowl game for the first time since 2004.
It's the city's hippest market cafe, offering a simple, produce-driven menu, served against an industrial-chic backdrop of gourmet goodies, cut flowers and some of the best fresh produce around. The simple menu is handwritten on the white subway-tiled wall and reads like a who's who of local artisan producers. Food is as wholesome as it is delicious – salads such as the Noosa smokehouse salmon, freekeh tabbouleh, pistachio, grapes and goat's cheese ($12) will keep the taste buds and the scales happy. The bircher muesli and smashed avocado on sourdough are some of the best you'll find.
Big-time quarterbacking still carries the day in the NFL. This year’s NFC playoff bracket shows as much. Carson Palmer has been the prototype. Cam Newton has evolved into an elite pocket passer (among other things). Aaron Rodgers has kept Green Bay’s utterly ineffective aerial attack above water. And in Seattle, Russell Wilson has learned to play from the pocket without sacrificing his sandlot prowess. The other two playoff teams, however, Minnesota and Washington, both fit in the AFC mold. That means seven of this year’s 12 finalists have quarterbacks who must be aided and camouflaged by their offensive system. With the nature of today’s pro game, those seven teams all still have a shot.
But his salary kept shrinking; he took home $30,000 last year, he says. And it seemed there would never be enough to pay down the $200,000 in debt remaining (after his partners covered the bulk of the losses) or give the building the more than $150,000 in repairs he says it needs.
Manchester City have kept just two Premier League clean sheets this season, and Guardiola reshuffled his formation to start with a back three of Pablo Zabaleta, John Stones and Bacary Sagna.
Their fragility could well be a result of their lack of a consistent starting XI, with Guardiola never having kept the same line-up for two consecutive games during his time at Etihad Stadium.
"Fifty changes, they've made this season. It's nice to build relationships and have some familiarity. You can't keep changing players."
Only Crystal Palace, Hull and Sunderland (one) have kept fewer clean sheets than Manchester City in the Premier League this season.
“In every case described to us, the perpetrators were uniformed members of the security forces, almost all military personnel,” the report carefully notes. Most of the documented attacks involved gangs of soldiers attacking individual women. Nura Begum, 35, tried to prevent her four children from seeing what was happening to her. “I kept screaming and saying not to rape me in front of the children. But they did what they wanted to my body.” Akash Abdul described how she and her younger sister tried to flee after watching security forces kill the other members of their family. “As we got to the edge of the village two soldiers grabbed me,” she said. “They threw me to the ground and then raped me.” She was 14 years old.
While this evidence will almost certainly not be enough to help Italian investigators identify Regeni’s killers by name, it has allowed them to refute a series of lies from the Egyptian government about Regini’s murder – and keep up pressure on Egypt for hard information about his killing.
“After repeated failures to clear Cairo’s city centre of street vendors … the Cairo governorate issued a shrewd decree,” wrote Abdelrahman, in an article she published last year. The decree required store owners to report any street vendors working near their shops, or risk losing their own trading licenses. This served a dual purpose of forcing shopkeepers to keep tabs on street vendors for the government and pushing the vendors into the hands of the police.
However, phone records placed the leader of the gang more than 100km away from Cairo at the time of Regeni’s disappearance. Relatives of the alleged criminal gang have insisted that its members were killed in cold blood at close range, rather than in a shootout. The government’s scenario also made little sense: why would a band of thieves keep Regeni’s identity cards, given that they would provide incriminating evidence that tied them to the crime? Why would they torture a robbery victim for a week without ever asking for ransom money or using his credit card? Egyptian officials have now accepted that it is unlikely the dead men had anything to do with Regeni’s death. In fact, by producing Regeni’s passport and identity cards, the Egyptian police have apparently incriminated themselves.
Relations between the Italian investigators and Cambridge University got off to a bad start when Abdelrahman declined to hand over her emails and text messages after the funeral. She also kept the police waiting for three hours, turning up for her interview at the police station at 10pm. Abdelrahman’s reluctance to hand over her personal data is understandable, given her background – she had grown up in Egypt under a military regime, when a person would never have given anything to the police if they could help it. Abdelrahman has chosen not to speak to the press since Regeni’s death, but told colleagues at Cambridge that she cooperated with the Italian police the day of the funeral.
The Egyptian prosecutors seemed unable to understand why their Italian colleagues did not accept the evidence they were given. “The Egyptian authorities seemed shocked that our police kept asking questions after they came up with the ‘gang’ of killers and the tray with Regeni’s documents,” said one Italian investigator. “Their attitude seemed to be: ‘hey, we found the criminals, we have even killed them. This should put an end to it.’” Surely, they thought, concerns of state – the close relations between two nations, billions of dollars of commercial ties – should count more than the life of one person, who had been killed by mistake. They seemed to find it impossible to understand that the Italian government would have to account to public opinion and could not, even if it had wanted to, accept a flimsy, implausible account of Regeni’s death.
Netflix appears unfazed by that criticism. The company said it expects to double its spending on original content in 2014. Content chief Ted Sarandos said on the earnings call that the company is actively looking for documentaries to debut on Netflix and will keep an open mind about feature films -- but Netflix still isn't interested in airing sports.
Parliamentary sovereignty has a special place in this story, for it is the conventional account of how Britain became a democracy, its politicians stood up to despots, and overthrew arbitrary power. All of this was then given validation through British democracy surviving the Second World War when as the phrase goes ‘we kept the lights on in Europe’ and then built a welfare state and civilised society.
Swedish scientist Izabela Buraczewska found that creams can actually make the skin drier in the long run. Basically, once you start using a cream or lotion to combat dry skin, you have to keep using it or your skin will regress to a point even drier than it was before you started using the cream. She used several different kind of creams and oils to test her results, and she found that even different pH levels didn’t change the effects on the skin. Both mineral and vegetable oil were tried, and both resulted in the skin having less resistance to drying elements. Strangely enough, however, using a complex cream had less of a drying effect. To Buraczewska, this meant that a blanket assignation of blame to all creams and lotions simply isn’t realistic. The problem wasn’t with the idea of artificial skin creams; the problem was that an effective skin cream simply hadn’t been created that could deal with the drying effects.
Explanation: What if you were followed around by a cute floating ball that kept taking your picture? Then you might be an astronaut on today's International Space Station (ISS). Designed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the JEM Internal Ball Camera -- informally "Int-Ball" -- is a bit larger than a softball, can float and maneuver by itself but also be controlled remotely, can take high resolution images and videos, and is not related to Hello Kitty. Int-Ball was delivered to the ISS in early June and is designed to allow ground-control to increase the monitoring of ISS equipment and activities while decreasing time demands on human astronauts. Int-Ball moves by turning on small internal fans and sees with a camera located between its two dark eyes.
For now, the Spurs will take whatever they can get from Joseph. With Parker and Mills easing back into the rotation, look for Popovich to seek creative ways to keep all three point guards in the mix.
Lucy Orr grew up close to CERN and Fermilab, while her father was busy searching for the Higgs boson (which he eventually found). While waiting for her mutant powers to manifest, Lucy kept herself occupied programming BASIC, reading comics, and playing MUDs. With an extensive career in digital art and animation, she still finds time to pet ferrets, listen to pop punk, and drink cider.
Kevin Yakes spends so much time trying to keep his Golden Valley construction firm staffed, he sometimes feels like a full-time recruiter. During a recent family getaway in Florida, Yakes hopped in the car and drove more than an hour to have beers with a refrigeration technician he wanted to attract to Minnesota.
Even last year’s completion of U.S. Bank Stadium, a project that kept thousands of workers busy for nearly three years, hasn’t fully replenished the pool of construction help. “We have more work than we know what to do with,” said Robert Heise, president of the Minnesota-North Dakota chapter of Associated Builders and Contractors.
Mark Scherer, an owner of the one of the largest lumberyards and truss-building plants in the region, has managed to keep his staffing levels steady by regularly raising wages. At a plant in Albertville, he gave workers a nearly $1 an hour raise last fall. “That seemed to take care of the problem,” he said.
The company has not yet started to sell tickets for those flights. "We don't know yet what exactly we're going to charge," he said, but suggested Blue Origin would charge a price similar to Virgin Galactic, which is offering seats on its SpaceShipTwo suborbital vehicle for between $250,000 and $300,000 a person. "We're going to be in the same range, to start with, and then keep working over time to make it cheaper."
Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
TC: I think the goal has always been to try and win the shutdown in one way or another. That’s not happening now. The question is can something change so Republicans start winning the shutdown? When you see Boehner talk about punting on the debt limit, remember, he previously wanted to fight on the debt limit. That reflects conservatives believing that maybe if the shutdown keeps going we can win. How that happens is not clear to me. But the necessary condition is that the shutdown somehow needs to be hurting Obama more than it’s hurting Republicans. The reason I’m skeptical of that is Republicans will never get the kind of fair or positive media treatment they’d need for that to be the case.
“For the vast majority of developers building social apps and games, keep doing what you’re doing. Our goal is to provide a platform that gives people an easy way to login to your apps, create personalized and social experiences, and easily share what they’re doing in your apps with people on Facebook. This is how our platform has been used by the most popular categories of apps, such as games, music, fitness, news and general lifestyle apps.
In the great epistemic galaxy of words, we have become both reading junkies and also professional text skimmers. Reading has become a clumsy science, which is why we keep fudging the lab results. But in diagnosing our own textual attention deficit disorder (ADD), who can blame us for skimming? We’re inundated by so much opinion posing as information, much of it the same material with permutating and exponential commentary. Skimming is practically a defense mechanism against the avalanche of info-opinion that has collectively hijacked narrative, reportage, and good analysis.
Someday, the Centers for Disease Control will create a whole new branch of research dedicated to studying the infectious disease of cultural memes. Our continuous consumption of text is intricately linked to our continuous forgetting, our continuous reinfection, and our continuous thumbs up/thumbs down approach to reality, which is why we keep reading late into the night, looking for the next place to leave a comment someone has already made somewhere. Whether we like it or not, we’re all victims and perpetrators of this commentary fractal. There seems to be no way out except deeper inside the sinkhole or to go cold turkey from the sound of our own voices.
Another item that is important to keep handy this summer is the Chillz Cooling Wrapz. This washable, durable cloth will stay cool for hours once it’s been wet with cool water. Make sure you’re prepared for the heat we’re sure to endure this summer. Be sure to stop by the store if you need any of these items. Or throw them in your shopping cart right now.
Obama did campaign on a pledge that he would limit the role of lobbyists in his White House. And as I noted, there are fourteen — or thirteen people, actually, who have had lobbying in their background who are now White House staff, and there’s probably more at this point. But there’s hundreds of positions already that he has named. So he is — he can say that he’s limited so far the role of lobbyists. But it’s important to pay attention to how many of these folks have had lobbying in their background and keep track of it to make sure he keeps with his pledge, you know, not to have lobbyists dominating his White House, as opposed to what we saw with the previous administration.
And I think the administration is going to keep getting hit with these questions until they explain how they’re deciding how they’re implementing these waivers. They haven’t explained that, what their standard is. I have asked them that. They don’t want to answer it. You heard the response. That’s the response we tend to get, which is, “We’ve said we’ll do a few waivers in the cases where we think there’s unique experience of this person and that a waiver should be granted.” I guess, you know, people will be watching this very carefully, and people will have to decide: are the exceptions OK or not? I think the administration really needs to explain what standard they’re using, and that is not clear.
Every unit in the game (including heroes, of course) gains experience points and progresses in levels. When a hero reaches level 10, he ascends to new class, either an advanced version of his initial specialization or a combination with any of the three remaining base classes. For example, our Warrior could keep his initial focus on melee and become a Berserker possessing some exciting new perks, or he can turn into a Dark Knight, able to cast deadly necromantic spells.
We are also looking at ways rbutr can be used to provide a platform on which an online crowdsourced debates can be conducted - allowing opposing sides to present their arguments and counter arguments to the best of their ability (as a global community), rather than relying on fallible individuals, or moderators to control the exchanges. The exact details are still being sorted out, but if you register with rbutr we will be sure to keep you informed, and if you are interested in participating or helping out, please feel free to contact us.
In the end, we just hope that for every new article which pops up repeating an already debunked myth, it will be fast and simple to add a rbutr link to an already existing rebuttal, immediately quashing any new-resurgence of the old myth for all rbutr users, who will then hopefully spread that rebuttal to other non-rbutr users, helping to keep the mole-whackers one step ahead of the nonsense-spreaders...
Obviously, people above my pay grade would have to dissect this more thoroughly, but if the SEC pushes the NCAA to get rid of divisions, conferences can keep their rivalries and even invest in older ones. Example: Florida and Auburn began play in 1912 and played for 58 consecutive years (1945-2002). The additions of Missouri and Texas A&M in 2012 further extinguished this rivalry by eliminating another cross-divisional opponent. Florida and Auburn aren't slated to play until 2019 in Gainesville, and at Auburn in 2024.
Without divisions, Florida could keep Georgia, Tennessee and LSU (the current permanent West opponent) on its schedule, and add Auburn. The Tigers could keep Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee, and add Florida.
Ren thought to himself, "Nothing better happen to Nora while I'm gone. She's gonna be handling radio communications for us, so as long as she keeps replying to us, she'll be safe."
As Squad Ruby patrolled the boundary zone, they kept watch for any active forest fires that may have been started by ordinance dropped from aircraft.
"I remember when I took it," Weiss said. "I was just 14 and I had been in the fire company for 2 years by that point. Those were some fun times. I still have my gear from when I first started. Unfortunately, it doesn't fit anymore since puberty and boobs happened, but I still keep it around as a memento to those days."
It was not until much more recently, as the algae kept blooming despite those efforts, that a specific culprit was eventually found: dissolved reactive phosphorus.
The state-run China Daily said in an editorial on Tuesday that people will wonder why such a sophisticated navy keeps having these problems.
Essentially, you use a knee wrap or an elastic band to cut off venous blood flow in your arms or legs. The blood pressure in your veins (which remove blood from the limb) is substantially lower than the blood pressure in your arteries (which bring blood to the limb), so you apply the wrap tight enough to keep blood from leaving the limb, while still allowing blood to enter the limb.
BFR can also decrease muscle atrophy when you’re injured, and speed up the recovery of strength when you can get back to training. In one study, BFR (multiple sets of 5 minutes of occlusion, without exercise) significantly decreased muscle atrophy of the quads and hamstrings during the post-operative period following ACL reconstruction. In another, low-load BFR training helped people get muscle and strength back faster than training without BFR during the reconditioning phase following ACL reconstruction. Low-load BFR training can be a godsend to people dealing with or recovering from injuries. BFR without training can keep you from losing as much muscle if you’re so jacked up you can’t do anything (of course, consult with a physical therapist first), and low-load BFR training can help you maintain muscle and strength if you have aches and pains you need to train around. If you want to read more about how to progress from totally-jacked-up to picking-up-heavy-stuff-again, I’d strongly recommend this review.
This is referring to Touka’s family itself, even the threadbare remaints of it, Yomo, Ayato and herself she has a difficult time trying to keep them all together. All Touka wants is for the people to love to stay around and love her in return, and she feels also that her family should have stuck around, it should have been simple but actually the ties of family aren’t so binding and they easily unwind, both Ayato and Yomo left her at different points.
I was always asked to keep the switch.
This is the three years of waiting Touka did. ‘Asked to keep the switch’ could refer to Touka having to host Re: and sit back and wait as the rendezvous point for both Ayato and Kaneki to eventually return to while they were allowed to move brashly ahead on their own. Even after they return though, Touka is still asked to hang back and monitor communications rather than allowing her to fight in the field.
Originally released in 1987, Thunder Blade brings players to the helm of a heavily armed attack helicopter as they battle waves of foes in tanks, jets, and battleships across a variety of locations. Much like the other Sega offerings of its time, the story is kept light in favor of offering accessible and fast arcade-style gameplay. You're the good guy, everyone else is bad -- shoot them. Though unlike most other shoot-'em-up titles, Thunder Blade features a unique take on perspective, as the action will transition from an overhead angle to the over-the-shoulder look similar to Space Harrier during key sections of the stage. This dynamic switch of perspective made it a welcome fit for the 3D remaster.
Thunder Blade has made the transition quite well, and the new hardware has done wonders for the gameplay. The frame rate is rock solid, and the controls for the 3DS are super sharp and make controlling the attack chopper feel very accurate. The left stick controls movement and altitude, while both shoulder buttons control speed (increase and decrease). Though the 3DS is a far cry from the control scheme found on the original arcade release -- which featured a flight stick and a special chair that sought to emulate the cockpit of a helicopter -- I can safely say that 3D Thunder Blade is a fine port, and the action still kept me on my toes during the hectic battles.
According to the product manufacture “Studies show that nearly half of Americans don’t drink enough water. Staying hydrated not only helps with your alertness, controlling appetite, improving activity and performance, but it also keeps everyday symptoms like fatigues, headaches and dry skin at bay.” When living a busy life, even simple tasks-like staying hydrated-can slip your mind. BluFit eliminates the guess work and does the job for you.
BluFit has customizable LED lights integrated into the bottle’s sleeve to provide real-time alerts. In addition, the app will send phone notifications to help keep you on track. The smart bottle’s interior setting includes a Bluetooth LE chip, compatible with iOS and Android devices, a built-in water flow sensor and a rechargeable battery that provides up to 6 days of continuous use.
$14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle. There’s no disposable-ORCA option, which would be useful regardless of the price premium. If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means.
If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means. The $4 fare cap seems arbitrary. The most expensive regular bus service in the region is two-county ST Express at $3.50, while the Water Taxi is $3.50 (West Seattle) or $4.25 (Vashon) and Sounder runs on a scale up to $5.75 (Lakewood). If the purpose is to cover any possible fare in the region, $4 doesn’t work. The only people who would lose out on a reduction of the fare cap from $4 to $3.50 would be a minute number of Sounder South day-pass riders; and if a reduction in the fare cap allowed the pass to drop in price, it would make the pass far more attractive.
Put half of your frosting on top of one of your cakes and gently spread it out over the sponge but keep it a few centimetres from the edges and then sandwich it together with the other half.
The Soviet Union kept the participation of their aircrews in the Korean War secret for many years, though it was widely suspected by UN forces. Soviet aircraft were adorned with North Korean or Chinese markings and pilots wore either North Korean uniforms or civilian clothes, to disguise their origins. For radio communication, they were given cards with common Korean words for various flying terms spelled out phonetically in Cyrillic characters.[36] These subterfuges did not long survive the fury of air-to-air combat, however, and pilots were soon heard communicating in Russian.
In spite of the restrictions, many US pilots took advantage of a "hot pursuit" exception to flying over China to pursue MiGs across the Yalu River. Later, "hot pursuit" became active MiG hunting over Manchuria, with US pilots maintaining a "code of silence" about the patrols. Flight leaders chose wingmen who would keep quiet, and many rolls of incriminating gun camera footage "mysteriously" disappeared.[37][better source needed]
“The whole concept of the Internet was built on the idea that companies can keep their own keys,” Mr. Levison said. He told the agents that he would need their request for his encryption keys in writing.
America was designed around the idea that democracy could be constrained by rules on paper. If we cannot have the best leading us, we can plan for an average equal robot-citizen to take the role, and put enough rules in there to keep him from doing damage. Or could we? The history of America shows that this approach has failed.
"On the way to the show the plate was on the back seat of the car, but on the way home I kept hold of it all the way.”
“There is plenty of reserve capacity on our electric grid,” she said, “so we don’t have to run the reactors in order to keep the lights on. With anticipated flooding of the Colorado River, the nuclear reactors should be shut down now to ensure safety.”
Last week, the STP operators said that safety for their workers and local residents was their top concern, but that they would keep the plant operating despite the approaching storm.
Susan Dancer, president of the South Texas Association for Responsible Energy, said that as residents in Bay City—herself included—were being forced to leave their homes under mandatory evacuation orders, it makes no sense to keep the nuclear plant online.
Derek: Oh yeah, a lot of rehab type stuff. Like you said, preventative. I just praise God that it wasn’t worse. It could have easily torn, or broke a bone you know. I just praise God that I wasn’t hurt that bad. I was banged up, but at least I could fight through it a little bit and keep playing. All except the London game.
Watching the game, you watch Russell play, and he does a lot of things in his life that I respect and that I like, and his kind of character, the way he handles thing; so I love rooting for him as well. You watch him, he goes off and throws 4 picks, the NFC Championship, it is in your home stadium, you feel like you are letting your everybody down, but he kept his head down, kept the faith and kept fighting, kept believing, kept leading his teammates.
Because games in the NFL are never over. That’s one thing that I learned, that game is never over. You keep playing. As I watch, you don’t have to do anything heroic you just have to do what you are taught. That’s exactly what he did on both of those touchdowns. He did what the coaches taught him. He checked the one pass play for the TD in overtime, he’s just doing what he was taught he wasn’t trying to do too much, and that’s something that I learned from it.
Also I learned, we’re actually starting something really good here. The record might not show it, but people who pay attention to us and who know the Raiders, like yourself, you understand what we’re doing and what we’re building. Its going to take time, but our mindset is, we are trying to be playing at this time next year. We think that we can do that, obviously we have to add some pieces and keep working, and hopefully we are going to get there.
The papers themselves include millions of leaked documents that reveal just how pervasive tax avoidance is among the world's most powerful and wealthy. They give a world tour of corruption, magnifying tactics used by the rich to keep their financial dealings secret. They have already forced out the prime minister of Iceland and raised uncomfortable questions for the prime minister of the United Kingdom.
The papers named 140 politicians from more than 50 countries linked to offshore financial dealings in more than 20 tax havens. It named famous athletes and celebrities, friends of world leaders, and wealthy divorcees, ultimately giving insight into how the wealthy are able to keep their money and power without being subject to their own country's laws and tax codes:
Any actual reputational damage to Putin or Russia caused by the Panama Papers is in fact pretty trivial. For that cheap price, the Russians would have 1) exposed corrupt politicians everywhere, including in "model" Western democracies, and 2) fomented genuine destabilization in some Western countries. What I wonder, then: Is it a set-up? The Russians threw out the bait, and the United States gobbled it down. The Panama Paper stories run off Putin like water off a duck’s back. But they have a negative impact on Western stability. [...] Therefore, I suggest that the purpose of the Panama Papers operation may be this: It is a message directed at the Americans and other Western political leaders who could be mentioned but are not. The message is: "We have information on your financial misdeeds, too. You know we do. We can keep them secret if you work with us." In other words, the individuals mentioned in the documents are not the targets. The ones who are not mentioned are the targets.
It remains to be seen who Rodgers will want to keep this summer and beyond, and with his contract up next summer, it will quickly become clear whether Johansen features in his future plans.
Finland has kept its top triple-A credit rating, earned by reforms undertaken after a deep recession in the early 1990s. But its pristine fiscal reputation “is more the past than the present,” Pimco portfolio manager Andrew Bosomworth said.
With many Finnish export-goods makers training their workers to perform highly specialized tasks, they have sought to keep the staff employed. Now lay-off notices are more frequent, and with capacity use at less than four-fifths, even an export upswing is unlikely to mean more hiring or investments.
If you’re on the oh yeah definitely not side of the situation, here’s what’s happening—there’s this suffering human in the world, and you know they’re suffering, and you fucking love it, because it gives your little ego a succulent sponge bath every time you hang out with them. You enjoy it so much you probably even lead them on intentionally, don’t you—you make sure to keep just enough ambiguity in the situation that their bleeding heart continues to lather your ego from head to toe at your whim.
2) Dedicate even more time to the Quadrant 1, Tier 1 rocks in your life. If you’re in your mid-20s or older, your current rocks are probably the only ones you’ll ever have. Your rock friendships don’t warrant 2x the time you give to your other friends—they warrant 5 or 10x. And keep in mind that seeing one of them for an hour-long meal isn’t really enough—your rocks deserve serious, dedicated time so you can stay close. So go make plans with them.
My question is this. How long do I wait for him to be ready? Honestly, I feel like the two year mark is the deal maker or breaker. But is that reasonable? I feel like I've been waiting for him... to graduate, to get settled, to become ready... do I keep waiting? I realize, "Love is patient." But how long does one remain patient?
What an amazing time to be a rich person in Miami-Dade. The market just keeps providing you guys with luxury things that us poorer people couldn't even imagine actually existed. Things like condos for your cars. No, not condos to actually live in and park your car nearby like the under-construction Porsche Design Tower in Sunny Isles Beach. A condo that is literally just a nice place to store your collection of luxury automobiles.
[17] Or maybe to keep their missiles from crashing into the Firmament. Russian Orthodox Leader Sprays Holy Water on Government Computers to Magically Stop WannaCry Attack.Or maybe to keep their missiles from crashing into the Firmament.
On the underside, Google has applied some sticky but not-quite-adhesive material that plants the charger firmly to whatever surface you'd like, but it doesn't leave a residue when you pry it off. This material is not quite as sticky as tape, but it's grippy enough that it could hang out on the wall of my office for 15 or 20 seconds before falling on the floor (whoops). It should easily keep the charger from sliding around on your desk or bedside table, but if you move it around a lot you'll need to clean the dust and grit off it to keep it sticky.
Once you've stuck the charger where you want it, you just need to set your phone or tablet on top of it to start charging. Magnets will pull the device into place and keep it there, so the device isn't in any danger of slipping off the charger or moving too much if you need to poke at it while it's charging. Centering the tablet on the charger can be a little tricky, but all three Nexus devices make a distinctive notification sound when charging wirelessly to tell you when you've done it correctly.
Wireless charging is still a nice feature—it's a good box to check, but its exclusion wouldn't keep us away from an otherwise attractive phone or tablet. If your phone does support Qi, and you're in the market for a nice charger, you could do worse than Google's. Unlike its first try, the new Nexus Wireless Charger is unobtrusive, attractive, and functional. It's a little pricey at $50 (compared both to other charging pads and to the adapter that came with your phone), but it gets the job done.
The long-term preventive approach would eventually save taxpayers significant amounts in emergency health care, prisons, shelters and other social services that are used in floundering attempts to keep poverty under wraps, the report says.
“To keep health risks from alcohol to a low level it is safest not to drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis,” the UK government guidelines state (PDF).
But if Warworld 3663Ω really was a mostly lifeless lump of rock, then there was no reason for the Spiders to have paid it any heed. The machines seemed only to target inhabited planets, preferably those under the control of the Fleet. The Spiders were less an enemy, more a plague, a contagion. And after decades of conflict, the Fleet were becoming more and more desperate as the Spiders kept coming, and coming, and—
“Shut up and keep trying, Marine,” was all Furusawa said over the crackling emergency radio channel as she paced back and forth, scanning the surrounds, her HUD on maximum magnification and enhancement. Grec and the others watched the sergeant’s view displayed on their own HUDs, each studying the image, just in case someone missed something. Anderson—the communication specialist—worked on the failed comms link. They’d only discovered the fault when Furusawa had tried to contact the Hit and Run to report their situation and realized that nobody—not even the marines standing next to her—could hear her.
The cave was close now. The snow beneath Grec’s boots became shallower, harder-packed. Their powered combat armor made the slog easier, but even so, they would be exhausted soon, pushing through at this pace. Grec only hoped the cave would keep them safe from whatever the hell it was under the snow.
Bowen took first watch, which just meant standing and pointing his rifle at the cave entrance. The others were gathered at the back wall, two heatsticks from an emergency kit providing warmth and a sickly yellow light. The odd substance of the cave walls seemed to be an exceptionally good conductor of heat, so Furusawa had leaned the snapped, chemical-filled rods against the back wall, trying to keep them off the ice floor in case they melted through. She was sitting next to the sticks, the dead helmet of her combat suit next to her.
Anderson didn’t need silence to work, but Grec kept quiet, using the time to process their situation, figure out what the hell was going on and what the hell the First Sergeant was up to.
The others kept quiet too, no doubt feeling the same, thought Grec.
Furusawa kept the pistol level. “Dealing with what, Marine?”
Grec opened and closed her mouth a few times, unable to find quite the right words. She wanted Khouri to be alive, to be out there somewhere on the snow plain, lost but dug in, knowing that all she had to do was stay put and conserve power and keep warm and the others would collect her later. The Fleet left no one behind, not now, not ever.
“And,” said Grec, “they’ll just keep sending teams in until they get it.”
Then she trudged after the sergeant, and she kept the safety on her rifle off.
“You need to tell me about your orders,” said Grec. For her part, Furusawa didn’t react, she just regarded the marine with a smug expression. Grec ground her teeth and kept the rifle level. Perhaps that was to be expected. Spec Ops were different from the rest of the regular recruits, and the two divisions rarely mixed well.
“That’s why it took Khouri. It figured out what she was, then came after the rest of us.” Palladio cried out in pain. “It’s trying to use me too . . . I can keep it jammed, but its drawing on the others back at the cave. It’ll break free before help arrives.”
Left to their own devices yeasts will most of the time keep eating up any sugar they find until there is nothing left, resulting in dry cider. But not always. The traditional production method for French ciders, for example, starves the yeasts of other essential nutrients so that they more or less give up before all the sugar has been consumed. The result is a naturally sweet often quite complex and wonderful cider. A similar process can be used in the making of ice cider, which starts with highly concentrated (by freezing and thawing) juice and results in a very sweet dessert cider (upwards of 165 g/L) that more often than not avoids being cloying by wrapping all that sugar around a sturdy backbone of bright acid.
“It was carnage,” Marc Coupris, 57, told the Guardian, still shaking after being freed from being held hostage at the Bataclan, a popular concert venue. “It looked like a battlefield, there was blood everywhere, there were bodies everywhere. I was at the far side of the hall when shooting began. There seemed to be at least two gunmen. They shot from the balcony.” “Everyone scrabbled to the ground. I was on the ground with a man on top of me and another one beside me up against a wall. We just stayed still like that. At first we kept quiet. I don’t know how long we stayed like that, it seemed like an eternity. “I saw my final hour unfurl before me, I thought this was the end. I thought I’m finished, I’m finished. I was terrified. We must all have thought the same. Eventually, when a few gendarmes came in slowly we began to look up and there was blood absolutely everywhere. The police told us to run.”
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
Ryden appeared in five contests during Crew SC’s preseason, helping the club keep clean sheets against Austin (February 15), London United (February 18) and the Costa Rica Under-23s (February 21).
In my reflective moments, I think about what has kept me here at the National Archives for all this time. It couldn’t be the bone-wearying monotony of shuffling heavy cartons of records from here to there, or the tedium of changing out old information systems and learning the vagaries of new ones. No, there’s something else that gets me in the door every morning. Fasteners.
Netflix needs to add more content to its streaming service to keep drawing in new customers and fend off competition from the likes of Amazon.com, Google Inc and Apple Inc.
During a panel at the event, which featured IBM’s Vice President of Blockchain Business Development, Special Agent Battaglia described the FBI as a “reactionary organization” and said that the FBI’s Cyber Division is taking a wait-and-see approach with Monero. “We’re going to look at what catches on, and what becomes mainstream, and then we’re going to keep an eye on that, because usually not long after that is when you start to see some of the fraud and some of the more nefarious uses of that technology,” Battaglia said during the panel. Battaglia would not provide additional information about the FBI’s investigative techniques surrounding Monero, when asked after the event.
This is what it should look like when you are done. During this process it is critical that you are careful with the blasting cap when doing this with a live mine. When I worked with live demo, I'd keep the cap inside the plastic spool that the wire comes on for safety purposes.
Here is the finished product, you've dropkicked a claymore mine. The mine can now be carried by the sling or kept on an external pouch on a rucksack. When a small recce patrol makes contact and can't wait for air support, it's time to use this bad boy. Extend the claymore legs, stick it in the ground (THIS SIDE FACES ENEMY), pull however much wire you need to get you behind cover and concealment, run to cover, pop the shipping plugs, and attach the clacker. Once a pursuing enemy closes in on your position, you know what to do!
The challenge is for a T-X aircraft to emulate the fifth-generation aircraft qualities without accruing the high cost of replicating them. “As a team—and I want to stress with you that everything was as a team—we entered the fight with the Hawk and as time went on . . . we just kept an eye on the requirements,” says Marc Lindsley, Northrop Grumman’s T-X program director. “And as we saw the requirements evolve and become more clear, we looked at options. It became more and more clear to us that the Hawk wasn’t the optimum solution in terms of requirements and affordability. . . . So we started studying it.”
Until now, Northrop has kept its plans for the new aircraft under wraps. The company teamed first as a subcontractor to BAE Systems in 2011; it quietly shifted roles to become the prime last June. The core team will remain intact, Lindsley says. L-3 Communications will continue to handle the ground-based training system. Northrop is “in discussions with BAE Systems to include their training system in our aircraft solution,” says Northrop spokesman Bryce McDevitt. The goal is to port the air vehicle training system from the Hawk to the new design. It would include a reconfigurable cockpit system to allow for various training scenarios as well as software to allow for insertion of various mission scenarios. BAE has declined to comment on its plans and has not explained how its air vehicle system will interface with L-3’s ground-based equipment.
Hillary Clinton could have saved their lives, but chose note to. She was trying to keep the danger in Benghazi a secret, and left Americans to die. She is unfit for office.
KIM: Okay, I can't believe I'm going to take the other side on this. So obviously, I don't believe, you know, these views, and I think they’re sort of lunatic and really dangerous. On the other hand, large percentages of the American population believe that. And don't they have representation in that political process? And I also worry that if you have this circle of disqualified opinions, and you keep growing that circle, what that rewards is an incentive structure that depends on sort of an absolute certainty of emotion. Like a really kind of intense belief. And to keep feeding that, if the facts on the ground don't match, you invent a set of facts. And I think, actually, that is what has happened to the Republican Party. They’ve sort of produced this outrage machine.
“We need to keep asking our leaders: ‘Who got us into this mess?’ It wasn’t working people. The people who got us into this mess are getting off scot-free, and this Gang of Six proposal shows they have accomplices in both parties.”
I worked too long to be here. I mean, I had such incredible good luck and fortune to make Pulp Fiction and just, in this weird pocket of time, that it could be appreciated for what it was. If I’m gonna fuck that up, I don’t really deserve to have any of this. But I was never afraid of the burnout scenario that you described. I was more afraid of like—I didn’t want to open up a shingle and a shop and now I’m a factory. You know, I do my movie that I do every two or three years, but then I produce a bunch of stuff, and my name’s always out there, Quentin Tarantino Presents this movie, that movie, and I’m rewriting this, because they’re paying me a lot of money, I do a two-week dialogue polish on Transformers 3, this and that and the other, and I keep making money and money and money, and I’m, like, you know, giving my special magic well water away to these people—and now all of a sudden my name doesn’t mean jack fucking shit.
'We keep it under review. We work with our partners. We are taking thousands of people and we will take thousands of people. What matters is when they come they get a proper welcome and we look after them.'
He said: 'You have got to make sure the aid keeps coming – we put £1billion of overseas aid in to help these desperate people.'
'We will go on taking more and keep it under review. Britain has been playing a leading role and it will continue to do so.'
She said: 'It is heartbreaking what is happening on our continent. We cannot keep turning our backs on this. We can - and must - do more. If every area in the UK took just ten families, we could offer sanctuary to 10,000 refugees. Let's not look back with shame at our inaction.'
Two weeks after the woman finally went to police, Millner is now in jail. The video he allegedly kept for two years will be evidence.
“When the jaw was closed, teeth from the upper and lower jaws formed a nice trap,” Chatterjee said. “Basically, the animal would swallow a school of krill, close the jaws to let the water out, but keep the krill inside for chewing and swallowing. With these kind of interdigitating delicate teeth, the animal could not tackle the large fish or shelled animals (called ammonites) that were the favorite foods of most plesiosaurs.”
It was the absolute life changing experience of having an audience that gave me the strength to keep fighting. I actively thought about my followers, many of them by name, as I went to doctor after doctor and treatment after treatment. This is no exaggeration. My followers were the only people who wanted to be in my life and wanted to listen to what I had to say. That was everything to me.
The OMNIVI Gaming Mouse combines feature-packed functionality, ease of use and incredible precision in one perfect package. It is setting new standards in the gaming scene with its exhaustive feature set, including colourful glow, solid aluminium base plate, four thumb buttons and the ultra-precise, optical 12,000dpi sensor. Use the ten programmable buttons to keep your opponents at bay by utilising the extensive programming function to customise the mouse so your personal gaming style matches the game. And witness how your macros are unleashed at the press of a single button to perform close-combat or distance attacks, switch weapons or cast spells.
At a news conference Thursday, Panetta said he had been kept informed about a broader federal investigation into problems at the Dover mortuary but had been unaware of the landfill arrangements until The Washington Post reported on them the day before.
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
What other strategies have you used to keep yourself from buying things that you don’t need?
Cool pipeline. I am glad I learned more about its functionality. I need to keep it in mind when I resume my custom Speak App.
After I had written the theme I continued to be curious, and I kept practicing this watching myself as I went to sleep. One night, while I was having a dream, I realized I was observing myself in the dream. I had gotten all the way down into the sleep itself!
That doesn’t mean it’s all doom and gloom for the president. The Post/ABC poll also finds some surprisingly positive evaluations of the commander in chief’s performance on certain issues. More than half of Americans—53 percent—say Trump is a strong leader, including 25 percent of Democrats. Plus 73 percent of Americans approve of the way he has been pressuring companies to keep jobs in the country. A plurality—46 percent—also approve of the way he has been handling North Korea. The president also gets high marks for his recent military actions in Syria, which 62 percent of Americans say they support, according to the NBC/WSJ poll.
I could not lower my hand because the blood flows down and it throbs like hell so I held it up all the time. This wasn’t the case for Keisha though, again, it might vary by the tattoo’s position. That’s when I understood what Kuya Francis said about tattoos on the legs and feet are so painful after because the blood flows down and you can’t really put them up unless you’re lying down. My wrist kept throbbing when my hand was down for at least a week.
Durant's language here is very similar to what Indiana Pacers forward Paul George used in a recent interview, where he said he'd like to develop a mentor/mentee-type relationship with LeBron James, "because I think he’s a player that can help me get to the next level and continue to keep going to the next level." (George also said he wishes Bryant "would mentor [him]," noting that every time he runs into Kobe, "he gives me a couple words.") James, for his part, said he'd be open to mentoring George: "You know me, I don't mind it at all. I don't mind giving guys [advice], whatever he wants to ask. Guys know I have an open door/phone policy."
This vote is a testament to Kobe's impact, as well as a useful reminder of the sheer force of his accomplishments. Seventeen years after his arrival in the league, Kobe is still relevant enough to top a list of favorite players. No matter what, he keeps himself on people's minds.
It is because of the Baloch tribesmen that the temple survives to this day in a land where everything related to minorities face persecution at the hands of fundamentalists and a government that has kept its eyes closed.
Ultimately, it is a highly entertaining movie with the right moral overtone, despite non-stop profanity that captures the true nature of Wall Street traders. This is a dangerous movie for Wall Street, the government, and the establishment in general. They count on the complexity of Wall Street to confuse the average person and make their eyes glaze over. That makes it easier for them to keep committing fraud and harvesting the nation’s wealth.
The protective order sought by Mr. Wint’s father sought to ban him from the family’s Lanham home, which was one of several locations in Prince George’s County that police searched Wednesday night. The order also sought to keep Mr. Wint away from the elementary school and day care that his then 8-year-old sister attended.
In one of the more surreal chapters in the ongoing Trumpcare saga, the Independent Journal Review’s Haley Byrd reports that some of Sen. Lisa Murkowski’s (R-AK) Republican colleagues hope to entice her into supporting their latest effort to repeal Obamacare by letting Alaska keep much of Obamacare.
The probe found the videos were not being kept in a secure environment. They were left on a desk and were password-protected, but not encrypted. The ICO said the studio had no alarm and ‘insufficient security’.
“The consequences of failing to keep that data safe should have been obvious to them.”
In fact, a recent British survey found that 14 percent of wives spy on their hubbies' e-mails, 13 percent read his texts and 10 percent check his Web-surfing history. (The same survey found that about half as many men keep up the same spousal spying). An Australian survey found that 73 percent of those who check their partners' texts found out things they later wished they hadn't.
The Senate on Thursday voted twice to try to keep student loan interest rates low – but got nowhere.
The Court cannot take judicial notice that a shotgun having a barrel less than 18 inches long has today any reasonable relation to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, and therefore cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees to the citizen the right to keep and bear such a weapon.
A duly interposed demurrer alleged: the National Firearms Act is not a revenue measure, but an attempt to usurp police power reserved to the States, and is therefore unconstitutional. Also, it offends the inhibition of the Second Amendment to the Constitution -- "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." [p177]
In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a "shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length" at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment, or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Aymette v. State, 2 Humphreys (Tenn.) 154, 158.
The Militia which the States were expected to maintain and train is set in contrast with Troops which they [p179] were forbidden to keep without the consent of Congress. The sentiment of the time strongly disfavored standing armies; the common view was that adequate defense of country and laws could be secured through the Militia -- civilians primarily, soldiers on occasion.
Every officer and soldier shall appear at his respective muster-field on the day appointed, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, armed, equipped, and accoutred, as follows: . . . every non-commissioned officer and private with a good, clean musket carrying an ounce ball, and three feet eight inches long in the barrel, with a good bayonet and iron ramrod well fitted thereto, a cartridge box properly made, to contain and secure twenty cartridges fitted to his musket, a good knapsack and canteen, and moreover, each non-commissioned officer and private shall have at every muster one pound of good [p182] powder, and four pounds of lead, including twenty blind cartridges, and each serjeant shall have a pair of moulds fit to cast balls for their respective companies, to be purchased by the commanding officer out of the monies arising on delinquencies. Provided, That the militia of the counties westward of the Blue Ridge, and the counties below adjoining thereto, shall not be obliged to be armed with muskets, but may have good rifles with proper accoutrements, in lieu thereof. And every of the said officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, shall constantly keep the aforesaid arms, accoutrements, and ammunition ready to be produced whenever called for by his commanding officer. If any private shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the court hereafter to be appointed for trying delinquencies under this act that he is so poor that he cannot purchase the arms herein required, such court shall cause them to be purchased out of the money arising from delinquents.
Most if not all of the States have adopted provisions touching the right to keep and bear arms. Differences in the language employed in these have naturally led to somewhat variant conclusions concerning the scope of the right guaranteed. But none of them seems to afford any material support for the challenged ruling of the court below.
With opponents rarely chopping the ball into the grass, Slowey has coughed up 1.44 homers per nine innings this season. Also not helping his case is Minnesota’s outfield D — typically featuring some combination of Delmon Young, Michael Cuddyer and Jason Kubel in the corners; Twins fly catchers have a collective -6.8 UZR/150 this season (all have poor career marks, too). Even with outstanding control, it’s going to be hard for Slowey to be more than a league-average starter if he keeps generating so few grounders.
The Assad regime is feeling the noose tightening around them US President Barack Obama Russia keeps Syria options open
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Viv finds the location of one of the camps, which it turns out Amadeus helped design as a place where they could put Banner and keep him from changing into The Hulk.
The team has split up to search for survivors. Falcon and Hulk are searching the North part of the city. As they are searching, Hulk is trying to keep his hopes up by trying to calculate the probability that they are going to find survivors.
Before you read any further, be warned that HERE THERE BE SPOILERS! There aren’t any large, hairy, wookiee-sized spoilers inside, but there are a few, fuzzy tribble-sized ones tossed about. I know some people would rather avoid such teases and hints, so please avert your eyes and read no further if you are one of them. For the rest of you nerds, keep on readin’ on, but before you do, remember that the Dark Matter finale is a two-parter beginning at 9/8c this Friday. That’s one hour earlier than usual. Don’t miss it!
Cross: We’re still trying to get Jodelle to sing, but she keeps refusing. I don’t know why.
Subscribe to Three If By Space to keep up with all the latest posts. It’s super easy! All you have to do is click on the big, blue “Subscribe” button located in the right panel near the bottom of each post or just Click Here.
The Performance mode goes all out and does not enforce any kind of limit whatsoever on the hardware while the Standard mode supplements an additional couple of hours of use. The Ultra Power Saving keeps the handset going for a significant amount of time. There’s also the ROG power saving option that takes down the native screen resolution to 720p to provide more battery life and extend playing time.
In Bengaluru, Nathan Lyon got them off to a great start, and then it was the batmen's turn to step up. On a day when India were outstanding, Australia tried to just get far enough in front to win the game. As good as Shaun Marsh had been, it was his wicket at the close on day two that ultimately kept India in it. When Smith dropped Pujara, India battled to a lead big enough that Australia with a team of their very best players of spin would have struggled to get over the line. The chase and pitch was set up for an Australian collapse.
Instead of blowing into a machine which keep their cars from starting, they may have to get their breath tested twice a day.
As of 7:15 p.m. Eastern Time, Clinton held leads in both Florida and Ohio — two key states that Trump must win to keep his path to the presidency alive — according to the VoteCastr data, which can be accessed via the online political magazine Slate.com at this link.
The first time happened at PAX Prime 2011, way up on the sixth floor where many of the indie developers had rented small booths two floors above the show floor. There was no good reason for everybody to keep doing this alone, Glinert thought. And out of that thought grew the Indie Megabooth, a collection of developers who band together and stake their claim on the main floor of PAXes east and west.
High tech companies keep trying to push their products onto the trail either in your backpack or on your wrist. Mapping apps for smart phones and ipads. Solar powered recharging stations so you can recharge your ipad and smart phone. But many hikers, backpackers and trail runners continue to eschew the idea of letting technology get between them and the trail. But this spring the newest high tech product for hikers will actually come between you and the trail – as long as you are wearing socks. Really smart socks.
“IMSA will ensure our loyal PC stakeholders – and any future stakeholders – are kept fully informed as we near a conclusion to this evaluation process.”
In Europe, engineers use concrete curbs to keep traffic in the right lane and out the right exit, Edmonton hopes textured surfaces will accomplish the same thing without impeding snow removal.
Colorado lawmakers decided to keep negotiating on a bill to expand background-check requirements to most private and online gun sales.
The commercial version of Stratobus will measure 100 meters in length, as long as an Airbus A380, and 33 meters in diameter at its widest point. Its four electric-powered engines are designed to keep the platform steady at 20 kilometers in altitude in headwinds of up to 90 kilometers per hour. Air density at that altitude is less than half what it is on the ground.
Formal equivalence is the philosophy that seeks to keep as close as possible to the form of the original language, retaining (as much as possible) the words of the original and even, where possible, the form of those words. It has as its goal the representation of the words of the original language in equivalent words in the translation, even if this causes awkward and unnatural English.
However, some have suggested that the choice to retain the text of the KJV but revise its language was in fact to choose to keep the element of the KJV which was inferior (its text), and remove the element which made the KJV so superior (the beauty and elegance of its language) . It might even be said that it was like snipping the rose off its stem; you lose the enticing aroma and the intrinsic beauty, but you keep the thorny stem.
While a work like The Message has immense value in helping the reader “feel” the force of the original in fresh language that most translations would prohibit, the reader also must keep in mind that a more free translation has inherently exercised a greater degree of interpretation before he even reads it.
I am retired and on fixed income. I use the internet to keep in contact with friends but have never downloaded any music and have no intention of doing so. Fees for such would cause me to reevaluate my need for the internet at all. I simply cannot afford any more expenses eating away at my monthly pension.
Feminism cannot live on SlutWalks alone. The fact that the movement has been so widely embraced does not mean that we should turn to it exclusively. What it means is that other protests can and should be happening; in addition to making the SlutWalk movement itself more inclusive and responsive, it’s essential that its organizers turn the mic over to other organizers, with ideas about protesting rape culture that extend beyond the “reclaiming slut” banner. The best thing for SlutWalkers now is to listen to the people who feel left out, and help them. The Sluts can and should keep Walking. But they should also recognize when to follow someone else’s lead.
The wireless chip maker’s executive compensation plan is complex. It became more elaborate last year as the company took steps to keep its management team together after Microsoft reportedly tried to hire Chief Executive Steve Mollenkopf. The moves included providing millions in front-loaded restricted stock grants to Mollenkopf, Executive Chairman Paul Jacobs and other top officials.
Potentially—that’s the key here, because the real story of Google’s role in this sordid crime is a bit more complicated than that, and not entirely evil, much as that might frustrate me and many of our readers. Google’s problem in this case rests in its overwhelming monopoly power—it’s as if the Nixon Tapes were on Google’s servers, along with all of our own personal recordings, and Google had a policy of generally being a pain in the ass about handing over tape recordings so as to keep consumers lured into spending all their babbling moments babbling into their tape recording product...only in this case, Google is also a major campaign donor to Nixon and his political agenda. It’s very problematic, and I’ll save a deeper discussion of Google’s conflicts in fighting government warrants for Ron and Rand Paul’s indicted felons for another article...
Sorenson agreed to switch to Ron Paul in exchange for being put on an $8,000 a month under-the-table salary, plus a $100,000 payoff to Sorenson’s personal PAC. Being a thumb-head, Sorenson demanded a $25,000 check, and Dr. Paul’s operative, Kesari, agreed, handing him a check in the name of Kesari’s wife’s jewelry company at an Iowa diner. But as soon as Sorenson got that big fat $25,000 check, he wasn’t sure what he should do with it. So he just held onto it, figuring it would be useful later (and it was useful—to federal prosecutors). Two days after getting the $25,000 check, on December 28, 2011, Sorenson appeared at an early afternoon rally for Bachmann at Pizza Ranch, still playing the role of her campaign’s co-chairman—but he kept silent throughout the Bachmann rally, claiming he couldn’t speak because he’d just had dental work done and his mouth was so numb “he was afraid he would drool on himself,” according to the Des Moines Register.
What is this? What is it for, who is it? Why do we keep paying them? The last payment was supposedly the last.
“I’m very proud that SingularDTV is creating a new frontier of its own, with a peer-to-peer funding and distribution platform, connecting fans with the films and filmmakers that they love,” said Jackson. “Our platform allows for audiences and creators to mutually benefit from the success of any project. As long as they keep supporting projects, there is no end to the possibility of sequels or TV series continuing to reach eager audiences. With SingularDTV there are no disappointing cancellations of beloved pilots or series. It’s a self-sustaining franchise.”
Mr. Eaves said the prospect of a new casino now going to neighbouring Vaughan or Markham would "severely compromise" Woodbine's ability to compete. He said he hopes to work out a deal with the province to keep Woodbine operating.
PewPewU and SFAT know each other's movements and combos so well that it seems like they share one mind as they play. SFAT tends to close in and output damage, while PewPewU uses Marth's attack range to keep the momentum in their favor.
While they butted heads, they also balanced each other out in-game. Unfortunately, since Armada consistently teams with Android now, we'll never know of the potential legacy and dominance these two could have kept for years on end. Their winrate and domination whenever they decided to team won them the No. 1 spot as the best doubles team of all time.
Did you know...? LWN.net is a subscriber-supported publication; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going. Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net.
Perhaps all this evokes images of Westworld, or of The Terminator, or at least of an assembly line that never breaks down. A robot that can break and keep going anyway is, after all, a robot that doesn’t need people. Or needs them less than its robot predecessors did, anyway. The potential uses for such machines are incredible to imagine. These things could skitter across Mars, or explore an ocean trench, or crawl over rubble to help search for victims after an earthquake.
Scientists and engineers have been working on perfecting such algorithms for more than a decade. And in 2006, when researchers at Cornell built a robot that could teach itself how to limp, one scientist said the behavior was a form of consciousness. "Whether humans or animals are conscious in a similar way—do we also think in terms of a self-image, and rehearse actions in our head before trying them out—is still an open question," researcher Josh Bongard told the university’s news service at the time. Elsewhere, researchers have designed robots with squishy, self-healing muscles, robotic cubes that can apparently clone themselves, tiny robots that can assemble themselves in the first place, and giant robots that can hurl cinder blocks. The fields of robotics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence are making gains so rapidly it can be hard to keep track.
Cook the potatoes and cauliflower, potatoes need about 15 minutes, cauliflower 10 minutes – I just add the cauliflower 5 minutes later and cook until soft. Strain and mash well, try to break as many lumps as possible. Season with salt and other spices or herbs to your liking and start adding the bread crumbs a few tablespoons at a time. The mixture will be soft but keep its form. Taste and adjust if necessary. Use an ice cream scooper as a measuring tool to make the patties uniform in size and shape. Flatten them into discs and roll in bread crumbs. If you are not using them all just freeze them on a tray lined with baking paper and later when frozen transfer them into a bag to save on space in the freezer. You can fry these in a pan with a bit of coconut oil for 3-4 minutes on each side, but be careful: they soak up a lot of it. You could also bake them in the oven (375 F 15-20 minutes). The bed of carrots on which these heavenly patties rest are just organic carrots washed and sliced, tossed together with some olive oil, salt and thyme. Set on a baking tray lined with baking paper, 15-20 minutes at 375 F.
The two sets at the Capitol drew from across the Primus discography, and what was most encouraging was how the best songs from 2011’s Green Naughahyde – particularly the frank, let’s-funk-our-way-through-the-pain “Jilly’s On Smack” and the mutant bounce of “Lee Van Cleef” – have integrated with the expected Primus highs of tunes like “Jerry Was a Race Car Driver.” I don’t share the opinion that “Naughahyde” is any great leap forward for the band, but a solid collection to keep pace – if not quite on par –with the Frizzle Fry era of Primus output and convince us that with all the other things occupying Claypool’s creative space, returning to Primus isn’t just a nostalgia trip.
Maybe that’s the way to think about Primus in 2014. Les turned 50 last year and proved he could leave it behind before, so that it’s back and once again thriving – having not altered its fundamentals – is the reason to keep coming. There’s heart behind Primus; it’s not a mechanical “wacky” for wacky’s sake. Underneath the scary-funky menagerie populating this trio’s world is a band aging with grace.
US soldiers were indeed defeated by a Somali nationalist resistance. Since then, American policy was to keep Somalia without any real government, even to balkanize it. This is the old British strategy, already applied in many places: setting weak and divided states in order to better rule them. That is why there has been no Somali state for almost twenty years. The United States has implemented a chaos theory in order to stop any Somali reconciliation and keep the country divided.
To control the economic development of the emerging powers, mainly India and China. Half of the world’s container traffic and 70% of the total traffic of petroleum products passes through the Indian Ocean. From that strategic point of view, Somalia is a very important place: the country has the longest coast of Africa (3.300 km) and faces the Arabian Gulf and the Straight of Hormuz, two key points of the region economy. Moreover, if a pacific response is brought to the Somali problem, relations between African in one hand, and India and China on the other hand, could develop through the Indian Ocean. Those American competitors could then have influence in that African area. Mozambique, Kenya, Madagascar, Tanzania, Zanzibar, South Africa etc. All those countries connected to the Indian Ocean could gain easy access to the Asian market and develop fruitful economic relationship. Nelson Mandela, when he was president of South Africa, had mentioned the need of an Indian Ocean revolution, with new economic relationships. The United States and Europe do not want this project. That is why they prefer to keep Somalia unstable..
Yes, as I said, since the Restore Hope failure, United States has preferred to keep Somalia in chaos. However, in 2006, a spontaneous movement developed under the Islamic courts to fight against the local warlords and bring unity to the country. It was a kind of Intifada. In order to stop this movement from rebuilding Somalia, United States decided suddenly to support the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) after having refused to recognize it before. In fact, they realized that their project of a Somalia without effective state was no more possible: a movement – furthermore Islamic!- was about to lead to a national reconciliation. In order to sabotage the Somali unity, United States decided to support the TFG. But this later was lacking any social basis and an army. So the Ethiopian troops, commanded by Washington, attacked Mogadishu to overthrow the Islamic courts.
“I’ve kept myself prepared and game-ready this entire time,” Axford said.
Fundraising is the bane of every philanthropy's existence. Do-gooders go back to the same rich donors over and over trying to convince them to keep giving. Actress Olivia Wilde thinks there's a better way. That's why she's co-founded Conscious Commerce. The company pairs brands with causes to help corporations become better global citizens. So profits from a best-selling dress at Anthropolgie go to a girls' school in India. A limited edition bag at Alternative Apparel helps fund a school in Haiti. "I've always been a huge proponent of voting with your dollars," says Wilde. "I'm inspired by the movement of entrepreneurs from my generation who are encouraging people to think about where their dollars are going." This year Conscious Commerce raised $100,000 for New Light, a community-development project serving the women and children of a red-light district in Kolkata, India. Conscious Commerce now shares time with Wilde's acting, but she's getting raves for her recent performance in the movie "Drinking Buddies."
With the coming of the civil rights revolution, Democratic presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson deployed the federal government to support social equality. In reaction, Republicans — from Barry Goldwater to Richard Nixon to Ronald Reagan — developed a Southern strategy to win over white voters in the region who felt betrayed. That strategy involved using widely understood code words going back to the Civil War like “states’ rights,” an updating of the well-worn strategy of Southern reactionaries to demagogue on race in order to keep poor and working-class whites divided from blacks on issues of common interest. Thus the party of Lincoln became the party of Reagan.
“He kept saying, ‘I’m going to kill her,’ then pointed the gun at the police officer,” Det. Lt. John Azzata said.
As a “vertically integrated digital media company,” the investment fund known as the New Republic still produces dead-tree editions to keep up appearances. Once the flagship magazine of American liberals — the white ones, anyway — it also must keep up appearances in an ideological sense despite the billionaire CEO Chris Hughes, the spouse of a failed Democratic congressional candidate, taking the company in a more capitalistic direction. For example, the cover story in this month’s issue is a tissue of misrepresentations by a self-styled Christian socialist about conservative and traditional Catholics.
The piece has come under criticism from some Catholic writers who see her as misunderstanding the papacy, which, as Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI put it, “is bound to the Tradition of faith … it is not unlimited; it is at the service of Sacred Tradition,” rather than a kind of absolute monarchy. The people Bruenig aims her polemic at are the ones who think, when approaching the past with “dialogue, not mere deference, in mind,” one should still keep in mind that it’s louder than we are.
Both writers take Bruenig to task for describing the pope as “the world’s most renowned Christian theological guide.” It’s a point of view that causes Church history to collapse into absurdity; one could say Saint Paul should have kept his mouth shut about the “workable synthesis” of Mosaic law and the Gospel instead of confronting Saint Peter at Antioch.
Well, he wasn’t, he was an Anglican priest, and that isn’t mentioned anywhere in their cover story. This should not have gotten past their fact checkers, if Chris Hughes has bothered to keep any on. I was not the only one who read the piece and got the impression Fr. Hughes was Catholic, which shows a note of clarification is needed.
He wants officials to keep reviewing video to see "if others were absent without proper excuse."
Even back then, he could see that the appetite for such work might grow to the point it would be difficult for his company to keep up. So he dreamed up — and patented — the idea of a peer-to-peer network where anyone with some GPUs could contribute work to render scenes and pay out each of these contributors. Back then, the Bitcoin network had just started running and no more than a few academics and tech hobbyists knew about it. But now, as the cryptocurrency market has exploded and options like Ethereum are available to build new blockchain-based networks, Urbach’s vision is now possible — and OTOY is launching a token for it: Render.
With such major names as the New York Times and Time on board, it's pretty clear that media companies aren't holding out hope that Apple and Adobe will kiss and make up. Like CBS, it's likely that they'll keep using Flash on their normal websites while allowing iPhone OS devices to access the HTML5 versions of the videos—at least for a while. The remaining questions are when can we expect Hulu to hop on the HTML5 train, and will Netflix reconsider its stance on bringing its own streaming videos (via Silverlight) to the iPad?
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
Make no mistake, the cause of violence and terror today is our so-called leaders. They control the military might to destroy entire countries, yet claim not to have the resources to simply defend our borders against attack, preferring instead to enact “preemptive strikes” on foreign soil — to attack first rather than defend. Invariably, such policy requires increasingly authoritative, punitive and even fascist policies on home soil, to keep the confused (and disturbed) public in line.
The war mentality both encourages and is encouraged by separation, not oneness. One of the best ways to gain and maintain power is to keep the people in constant fear — in fear of wars, of outsiders, and “terrorism”. Built on a narrative of “us” versus “them”, a culture of war-minded fear ensures the public consent to the constant funding of the military-industrial-complex, under the guise of security and protection. In war, institutions and collective thinking become the focus: the “us” becomes “our country”, “our flag”, “our boys overseas”. Or more accurately, “our institutional war identity”.
For me, being slutty is about more than just getting it in on Saturday night. It’s about rejecting the social imperative to ignore my own desires and keep my legs shut in order to be desirable, to be acceptable, to be the “right kind” of girl/woman/person. It’s about identifying and going after what I want. It’s about claiming and owning and enjoying my own body and sexuality and about the euphoria of exploring the miraculous, bizarre, and thrilling intricacies of another person’s. It’s about holding yourself accountable for your own sexual choices and health and holding society accountable for its own sexual bullshit.
At Juan Morel Campos, the school of rock has been such a success that some of the students have split off into their own bands and solo projects outside of the class. And the kids say they intend to keep on rocking long after school’s out forever.
“Doing this makes it seem easier for me to branch out when I leave here and continue with music,” said 10th grader Shanice Rodriguez, who has formed a duo with 11th-grade guitarist Elvin Jaquez. “I really want to keep doing this.”
Amp Up NYC provides the schools with some equipment, but Wong says she has kept up with student demand by asking for donations to purchase extra guitars, amps, strings, picks, and tuners on fundraising websites.
I keep watching this video from a hidden-camera prank show (apparently in Brazil). Prank shows, at their best, are basically elaborate psychological experiments that reveal our cognitive biases and allow us to laugh at our own hypocrisy.
Melt the beeswax. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the turpentine. Add the essential oil, if using, and keep stirring as it cools. Transfer to a container. This makes a creamy polish that is great to lovingly rub into wood.
"The cool part about this is that the functional part is very thin," explained Prof Baskaran. "Because of that you could actually have displays that are non-intrusive, because you can keep the electronics far away."
Bryars, who is currently devoting her first post-grad year to pressuring Amherst's administration to revamp their sexual assault policies — as a graduate, it's easier for her to speak on behalf of her former peers who still have to spend every day on the small, rural campus — said that last year was an "explosive" one, thanks to the number of female students who opened up about how their on-campus sexual assaults had been mishandled. "Girls kept coming forward and saying that staff members had told them to consider sympathizing with their rapists, or go home for a period of time," Bryars said. "I think that the campus culture overall is to stay silent, to deny, to not come forth with dissent."
Why he's here: He was expected to be a key cog in the Pirates' lineup after posting career-best numbers last year; however, the struggles that plagued him in the second half of '16 have carried over into this year. Polanco's numbers are rather pedestrian, and while he's had flashes this year (a .900 OPS in May, for instance) he hasn't been able to keep it up (a .520 OPS in June).
How can you keep an eye on that slow SQL query? Is it taking up too much time nowadays? How about that call to the 3rd party API? Is it actually slow during the weekends? Being able to answer such questions quickly, to track these numbers in real-time, is a bit like driving at night with headlights on!
Sen. John Kyl (R-AZ) made a startling misstatement on the Senate floor Friday, amid a heated debate on funding women’s health services — a key sticking point for Republicans and Democrats struggling to pass a budget that would keep the federal government from shutting down.
Funding for PPFA was a key sticking point for Republicans and Democrats on Friday as they struggled to pass a budget that would keep the federal government running.
Blogger.com had already fallen victim in May, and to keep my blog alive I emailed posts to my dad in the U.S. so he could update it for me. Eventually I bought a domain name and blogged through GoDaddy, which wasn't blocked.
But China's Internet is far from bland. While you can't access YouTube, Twitter or Google, there are Chinese equivalents, albeit with regulated content. Video sites show U.S. TV shows like "The Walking Dead" and "Homeland," and online users can discuss some controversial matters, like celebrity scandals and even corruption by low-level officials. But it all happens under the watchful eye of censors, who keep the discussions from crossing a line.
"We can keep the foundations of democracy even without the help of the partner over the ocean," Coalition whip and Likud MK Zeev Elkin said following the U.S. response, according to Yisrael Hayom.
NV Energy fights to keep rooftop solar from cutting into its profit
While NV Energy, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, battles to keep the cap in place, it’s also fighting on another front. A consortium of casinos and businesses is looking to leave NV Energy’s grid and start generating their own power, saying they’re being placed at a competitive disadvantage because they’re paying more for energy than their business rivals in nearby states. The state Public Utilities Commission has said it would charge hefty fees — $27 million in the case of Las Vegas data center Switch — to let industrial ratepayers leave the system.
“Utilities say if you keep installing solar, the grid’s going to collapse and we’re going to go out of business,” Borenstein said. “There really isn’t much chance of that, and we should be a having a discussion about that, whether that’s the best way to put in renewables. Instead, you get politicians who are either boosting utilities or playing to the residential photovoltaic advocates with all this free consumer choice stuff. It’s not true consumer choice if you can just fall back on the grid and the rates don’t reflect the cost.”
Ideally you'll get to a point where you're comfortable writing and running code for iOS. If you're already there, definitely keep reading!
"But at some point, you have to find ways to put points on the board that appeal past your core base. He has shown himself completely inept at doing that so far," he said. "If you keep doing things that are broadly unpopular, it weighs on you."
If you decide to try and treat your fish, keep in mind that Mycobacterium marinum can infect you as well. The risk of being infected can however be decreased dramatically by following a few simple safety guidelines. You can read more about this further down in this article.
Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville tried to keep his team's legs as fresh as possible during the shortened season, which was packed with back-to-back games and sets of three games in four nights. He knew how important a refreshed Keith would be, so he stuck to a plan that cut back his top defenseman's minutes and shifts by roughly three a game.
Although a 2012 court ruling in Germany put the practice of male cutting under question, calling circumcision "grievous bodily harm," the German parliament passed a law to keep circumcision of boys legal.[47] As of 2016, cutting of boys' foreskins is still legal worldwide.[38]
This article will help steer your interactions with women in the right direction and keep you from losing your sanity.
#23. Buying gifts, groveling, begging and changing for a girl will never keep her around. You’ll only intensify her disdain for you and speed up her hunt for an alpha cock.
WikiLeaks cables and the Iraq War Yet another accomplishment for the leaker of the cables: preventing an agreement to keep troops in Iraq
U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and other top brass have repeatedly said any deal to keep U.S. troops in Iraq beyond the withdrawal deadline would require a guarantee of legal protection for American soldiers. But the Iraqis refused to agree to that, opening up the prospect of Americans being tried in Iraqi courts and subjected to Iraqi punishment. The negotiations were strained following WikiLeaks' release of a diplomatic cable that alleged Iraqi civilians, including children, were killed in a 2006 raid by American troops rather than in an airstrike as the U.S. military initially reported.
In other words, whoever leaked that cable cast light on a heinous American war crime and, by doing so, likely played some significant role in thwarting an agreement between the Obama and Maliki governments to keep U.S. troops in Iraq and thus helped end this stage of the Iraq war (h/t Trevor Timm). Moreover, whoever leaked these cables -- as even virulent WikiLeaks critic Bill Keller repeatedly acknowledged -- likely played some significant in helping spark the Arab Spring protests by documenting just how deeply corrupt those U.S.-supported kleptocrats were. And in general, whoever leaked those cables has done more to publicize the corrupt, illegal and deceitful acts of the world's most powerful factions -- and to educate the world about how they behave -- than all "watchdog" media outlets combined (indeed, the amount of news reports on a wide array of topics featuring WikiLeaks cables as the primary source is staggering). In sum, whoever leaked those cables is responsible for one of the most consequential, beneficial and noble acts of this generation.
“It’s just a bummer,” Anderson said. “It’s like every year they keep taking the fun out of it.”
Amidst a roller coaster of a season, fewer players wearing wine and gold on a nightly basis have experienced the twists and turns that have been associated to Dion Waiters. Less than one month into the season and it was Waiters’ name penned into the heart of stories rooted in team dysfunction—some going as far as speculation surrounding a fist fight, aided by Irving showing up with a black eye Trade rumors swirled, looming large like black clouds over the ebbs and flows of each passing day, but were consistently shot down like clay pigeons with both the team and the player toting verbal shotguns—”It’s nonsense,” said Waiters of a rumored meeting between he and then GM Chris Grant. “Man, I ain’t sitting in no office for three hours.” As the season wore on, when posed a question specifically regarding Waiters, Brown has gone as far as he has to to admit pleasure in his player’s offensive skill set, but consistently stops short of delivering full-blown praise—enough to keep other teams interested in the event that they had yearned to acquire the shooting guard via trade, but not enough to make the player feel as if he was meeting all expectations during what was just his sophomore season.
Long having provided off-the-ball relief, leading the NBA in scoring off of the bench, Waiters has taken on a different persona as of late, doing so against the best the NBA has to offer. Against the Miami Heat earlier this month, Waiters’ ball skills were on display as he recorded his first double-double. He would thank his teammates for hitting their shots after he found them, whether it was for an easy two or a clutch three. Two nights later, he tied a career high with 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder, being a part of a 21-2 run that rivaled the comeback attemp made against the Pacers back in early January. His driving lay-up pulled his team within five; as things began to slip away, he would drain a three-pointer to give the Cavs one final chance. Against the Houston Rockets, Waiters once again paced the Cavaliers with 26 points, adding eight more assists for good measure. One night later, on the second night of a back-to-back, he provided 22 more points as the wine and gold ended the New York Knicks’ eight-game winning streak. It would be Jarrett Jack in the spotlight, leading the team in scoring and assists (31 and 10, respectively), but it would be Waiters who not only kept double-teams away from his backcourt mate, but hit a clutch three-pointer to put his team up by four late in the fourth quarter, having entered it down by nine.
Weeks later, she said: “The guy was about middle-aged. All his things right there in his yard. No lie. We got real pissed and danced. In the driveway. Oh, my God. Don’t laugh. He played us these records. Look at this record-player. The old guy gave it to us. And all these crappy records. Will you look at this shit?” She kept talking. She told everyone. There was more to it, and she was trying to get it talked out. After a time, she quit trying.
…in a prized varnished cabinet, a secret drawer was opened by pushing against the grain of a cleverly turned dovetail joint, and here she kept a diary locked by a clasp, and a notebook written in a code of her own invention. In a toy safe opened by six secret numbers she stored letters and postcards. An old tin petty cash box was hidden under a removable floorboard beneath her bed. In the box were treasures that dated back four years, to her ninth birthday when she began collecting: a mutant double acorn, fool’s gold, a rainmaking spell bought at a funfair, a squirrel’s skull as light as a leaf. But hidden drawers, lockable diaries and cryptographic systems could not conceal from Briony the simple truth: she had no secrets. Her wish for a harmonious, organized world denied her the reckless possibilities of wrongdoing. Mayhem and destruction were too chaotic for her tastes, and she did not have it in her to be cruel. Her effective status as an only child, as well as the relative isolation of the Tallis house, kept her, at least during the long summer holidays, from girlish intrigues with friends. Nothing in her life was sufficiently interesting or shameful to merit hiding; no one knew about the squirrel’s skull beneath her bed, but no one wanted to know. None of this was particularly an affliction; or rather, it appeared so only in retrospect, once a solution had been found.
We believe that clothing is the perfect medium and opportunity for sending a message inside to ourselves. We will keep fashion designs with plenty of style but simply add a reverse image of a message. A message that touches you in a meaningful way every time you look in the mirror or take a selfie. Whether that message is Positive Reinforcement, A Personal Reminder, Internal Fire, etc. Whatever the case may be, you decide what kind of message works best for the betterment of yourself.
Kim, whose sister Kyle Richards remains a key cast member on Bravo's hit show set in the 90210, kept a low profile on Twitter Wednesday, with her last post having come Tuesday, in which she wished her youngest daughter, Kimberly Jackson, a happy 21st birthday.
For weeks, the McMath family has been searching for a medical facility to accept Jahi while simultaneously fighting in court to keep her on life-support. She was declared brain dead on Dec. 12– three days after a tonsillectomy surgery aiming to alleviate her sleeping problems resulted in heavy bleeding and cardiac arrest.
Death is difficult for many Americans to accept, partly because modern medical technologies have made it possible to prolong life longer than ever before. “This is an extremely difficult situation for anyone to go through, because it involves the death of what appeared to be an otherwise normal, healthy child. No parent expects anything to go wrong with their child,” Hughes said. “We can keep her alive for years on life-support, but to what end? Are we doing what is best for the patient or what is best for the family?”
I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?
“If you keep the status quo as Democrats are advocating, money is going to run out very soon,” Miskin said.
The story would have been lost forever if it wasn’t for the thousand and more pages that have been kept by the family; letters, diaries and documents. They give an account of the attacks during Kristallnacht (The Night of Broken Glass), life under the insane regime, details of prison camps, fleeing to Shanghai, suicide, imprisonment and killing. Hers is a story of love and hatred, protection and persecution, yearning and terror during the most destructive period in European history.
But as you reduce the speed that the drive shaft is rotating, you lower the frequency of the sound it’s making. There comes a lower limit where the engine is making what Gordon calls “groan-y and moan-y” noises which people find unpleasant. The car sounds broken. So cars had to keep the engine’s RPM above a certain level, hurting their fuel efficiency, or risk alienating customers.
One of the requirements of the Foundling Hospital was that babies were to be less than six months old at the time of admittance, but the hospital did not keep more accurate records of age. Another requirement was that foundlings were given a new name and a reference number, so Sidney became Girl Ann Kingston no. 4759. She was taken in by a wet nurse, Mary Penfold, who brought her to Wotton, Surrey, where she remained until 1759, when she was two years old. Although it was usual for foundlings to remain with their wet nurse until the age of five or six, the Foundling Hospital had received an influx of new babies and moved many children who no longer required nursing, including Sidney, to the Shrewsbury branch of the Foundling Hospital. The Shrewsbury building was not completed until 1765, so in the meantime Sidney and another foundling were cared for by a nurse, Ann Casewell, at her home.
In an attempt to increase her resistance to pain he would drop hot sealing wax on her back and arms or stick pins in her, commanding her not to cry out. He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should tell no one. To increase her resistance to the cold, Day instructed Sidney to wade into Stowe Pool until the water reached her neck, then lie in the nearby meadow until her clothes and hair had dried in the sun. Finally, to test her resistance to luxury, he gave her a big box of handmade silk clothes and had her throw them on a fire. Day had limited success with these techniques. Sidney became able to endure hot wax dripped on her arm without flinching, but she did tell others of his secret techniques, and could not help screaming whenever he fired his gun at her.
Most lawmakers, however, chose to keep their tax liabilities a secret.
Teams working in large (or growing) organizations can find themselves working in silos. If you find this happening to your social marketing team, make sure you keep tearing down those silos and stay connected to other teams. Their work can be a rich source of information and assets to share with your followers. And they may be gathering insights that can open up new opportunities for your Twitter strategy.
According to one social media research study, 42 percent of consumers expect a 60-minute response time on social media. Respond quickly and naturally to customers, as you would in person or over the phone. Retweet, like, and follow— It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy.
It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy. Use @mentions and tag people— When you mention followers, influencers, or other brands in a tweet, including an @mention is a nice way to drive a little traffic their way. You can also tag people in photos when it’s appropriate to do so, as covered in our post on Twitter best practices.
You’ve seen the news about companies mishandling PR disasters on social—but whether you’re monitoring social networks to mitigate major risk or just to keep an eye on overall sentiment about your brand, it’s vital to know what people are saying and sharing on Twitter.
On race day, I just told my teammates to keep me at the front for the first 10 laps and then I would take care of the rest. And that is what I did. The Côte de Domancy was just so hard. It was ideal for me. I didn’t need a lot of strategy. The final five or six laps up the hill I just rode a steady tempo like I did in the mountains until, finally, nobody could follow. I didn’t have any help. I just went to the front each time we hit the climb. Each lap, more and more riders dropped—bing, bing! And finally the last rider, Baronchelli, blew about 500 meters from the summit of the final ascension and I rode in to victory.
“Society is in a concerning place whatever your background. There are troubling questions about inequality and the atomisation of people – the way in which societies are splitting up socially and economically. There are 3.1 million Muslims in this country and it’s often very difficult to have conversations about divisions in British society after devastating attacks on all communities. But it’s important we keep having those conversations.”
Concerns over connections between Masonic Lodge members and the murder required the 36 police officers involved with the case to state they had never been Freemasons, with Cook describing the murder as being one of the worst kept secrets in south-east London, claiming “a whole cabal of people” knew the identity of at least some of those involved. He also claimed attempts had been made to smear Daniel Morgan’s character and there had been attempts to link him with Colombian drug dealers. He identified the main suspects as "white Anglo-Saxons".
A subscription fee of $9.95 a month kept the title somewhat affordable for families and kids, and a “safe” communication system called SpeedChat. In design, SpeedChat would select pre-made sentences to keep kids from getting harassed, and grouping could only happen if kids exchanged special codes in-person with their friends. Not surprisingly, players found a way to pass out these codes in game even so, arranging housing decorations to form the letters and numbers.
So I kept doing my thing and around March [2012], two days after my birthday, I was in Louisiana with Ludacris, and I got a call [from Kanye West’s people] wanting to fly me to New York. Kanye is one of my favorite producers and artists. I thought he wouldn’t know who I was, but I got up there, and man, he tells me, “There’s times where there’s a game-changing beat or a game-changing song, someone comes through with the crazy kicks, with the crazy sounds, changing the game to where everybody wants to be like that producer. And right now you that guy. You have what it takes to really take over the game.” It was crazy. He let me hear “Mercy” with no drums. He said, “I wanna go straight to the source. I just felt like, if you come through, you put yo fuckin’ drums on there.” I just did it like that, and in no time “Mercy” came out and took over.
The vocals [on the original reference track] were by Rock City, a songwriting group that I work with. The beat was slow, it was real piano-ish. I told them, “If you can make a party record out of this, we out of here.” And then when [Miley] had did it, we had worked on it a couple times. The first version doesn’t sound like the version that actually came out: Rock City, they from the [Virgin] Islands, so the first version had more of an island melody. Miley’s version, we told her to keep her country twang tone instead of trying to sound like the reference, and it came out dope.
Her album was pretty much done when we first got into the studio, but we just kept working, making dope records. I told the label, “You should let us keep going till we hit a dud. We need to keep going until we hit a brick wall.” And we never hit a brick wall. Me and her now, we still talk on the phone every day, we still constantly working on music and giving each other different ideas.
We never had any conversation about racism, because I already knew she wasn’t racist. I feel like, “She fuck wit’ me, right?” We didn’t even keep up with a lot of that shit, but one time I was at her house, and we was watching something on TV, and they was talking about me. They was talking about we was dating or whatnot, they was talking about that’s why she twerking. But it was like, man, no, she was already twerking before that. I don’t know how to twerk! How the fuck can I teach somebody how to twerk?
I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.
Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing, but, beyond that, subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features. Please sign up today!
For me, he became a boxer when he defeated Nate Diaz. The reason I say that is because whenever he struck Nate Diaz with a straight-left hand that knocked him down to the ground, he (McGregor) didn’t take advantage of the MMA rules, which allow him to keep attacking Nate Diaz while he’s still on the ground. He simply stood up and kept telling Diaz, ‘stand back up, stand back up.’ I’m wondering why the referee ain’t just giving them a 10 count, and if he doesn’t stand up in 10 then the fight is over, so that looked like a boxing match to me.
Although he hadn’t released a ton of music in the recent past, Action Bronson has kept plenty busy. He’s got his Viceland shows, he’s appeared as a celebrity chef on talk shows, and he’s got a new matchmaking show coming to Snapchat. Last year he shared the new song “Durag vs. Headband.”
There was speculation that Villa would retire after his three-year contract expired at the end of this season, but New York City FC silenced those rumors Wednesday by signing the reigning MLS MVP to a one-year extension that will keep him in The Bronx.
“I think I’ve improved [at NYCFC],” said Villa, who’s missed just seven matches since NYCFC’s inaugural season in 2015. “With experience, games, with minutes on the pitch and outside the pitch, I keep learning. I’m a better player [now].”
I want to ensure that kind of sharing is restricted to threat information. I'm all for looking at how to do that, and as long as you keep the liability protections fairly narrow, that would work.
Now freely pick any double-album from the You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore series. Just sit back and cruise. You will recognize several songs and pieces by now, but in different form. That's because, like The Grateful Dead, Zappa and his orchestra never quite played the same piece the same way twice. You'll also notice about this point that he liked to design modular pieces. One song might serve as another song's ending over here, and be its own stand-alone piece over there. And still other instrumental bits are all-purpose transitions between any two songs. Don't break your brain trying to separate each piece. Even advanced Zappa scholars can't keep up with every wily trick.
That's it! You're a level 3 Zappa fan! Now just keep picking things at random. but remember to be careful exposing this stuff to others. Except minors: children can safely listen to anything by Zappa, because they are still pure and innocent and their minds are not welded shut by the boring conformist tedium of the anthill we call society.
He carefully picked her up and laid her in a nearby truck bed where he assessed her condition and kept her conscious before the paramedics could arrive.
Once I found a semitone or tone that l thought had deep content, I rounded it up or down to the nearest note, which would help me express the differences in terms of music rather than hz. I used a very handy conversion chart written by a guy named BH Suits, to help me convert the notes in 432 to 440 and vice versa. For instance, I could look at the chart and see what D was in 432 (288hz) and then what it was in 440 (293.66hz). This way I could keep both sets harmonically identical and equally relative to the middle pitch in both pieces.
With all this in mind, through my own research and conducting this demo, I have concluded that 432hz and the harmonic structure relative to it delivers warmer tones that seem more receptive to blending as a harmony. The sound, and this is a fact, is moving slower per second, which may explain its calmer vibration. The fact that calm was the top-sited emotion during both sets tells me that 432 and 440 both have the power to affix and transform the listener. Then again, 7% more people cited discomfort during 432, not to mention that sadness was higher in 432. Maybe 432 has more significant extractive power. I’m not sure, in fact I don’t know if any of these claims about 432 carry any weight other than the scientific fact that they’re moving slower and are lower. I keep looking at the charts going, hmmm….I don’t think there’s anything to this debate, at least based on my mostly unscientific data collection, all despite the fact that I prefer 432. I tried to control the variables as much as possible to get honest reactions. That said, I think what it comes down to is the individual.
We all vibrate differently. The middle pitch you choose should simply be about what works for you. I’ve always been into lower registers, especially being a bass player, and thus I favor 432. The fact that happiness was cited by almost half during 440 versus not even a quarter for 432 tells me that there’s a reason 440 is the middle pitch of pop and classical. It’s like candy for musicians and listeners. 432 is a more savory area and definitely, at least in my ears, more mysterious. I’ll continue using 432 structures as much as possible. I love how sine tones sound in this range. 440 is just too high for me. I’ll keep tuning my bass to around 436. 440 is not for me. The question is, what is best for you?
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
Israel has allowed some fuel and medical supplies into Gaza, but has kept the border crossings closed except to meet emergency humanitarian needs. The block on food, fuel and medicine has led to long lines at stores and left hospitals without heat.
“He had a terminal diagnosis four years ago, and instead of giving up, he chose to be an incredibly present and loving husband,” said his wife, Katie Campbell. “He chose to keep creating in spite of the very real possibility that he would never get to actualize any of his ideas. He kept investing in new relationships and developed best friends. He chose to start a Ph.D. program when he knew he would have weekly chemo, and he chose to just face it head on. I think that is remarkable.”
OK, lets pause for a moment, what the heck is an atheist worldview? He keeps using that term, but I honestly have no idea what that actually means. Atheism is not a worldview, instead it is a conclusion ..no evidence has been presented to verify the claim that there is a god, so we simply reject the assertions regarding god. In other words, it’s the null hypothesis, that’s it, nothing more. It’s not a belief, it’s not a religion, it says nothing about how you should live, it says nothing about what is right and wrong … it is just the rejection of silly claims about supernatural gods due to zero evidence (So how many times need I repeat it before they get it? … many more I suspect).
The court ordered Fr Jeff Bayhi, of Baton Rouge diocese in Louisiana, to tell a hearing whether he advised a young girl during confession to keep quiet about an incident of sexual abuse she said she had suffered.
Supply disruptions: The level of ‘lost’ supply has dropped recently, especially with the lifting of sanctions against Iran, but Libya, Nigeria and Venezuela all remain very serious question marks. The former two keep threatening to restore shut-in supply, but their oil bark has been worse than their oil bite—to date. Libya could apparently restore a significant amount of supply quickly with resolution of local disputes (and has restored two fields to production in recent days), but Nigeria has a tougher political hill to climb. Bearish.
First quarter, cold weather and the Trump boom will keep prices up, with WTI between $50 and 60/barrel. If Venezuela ceases production for more than a week or two, add $5-10/barrel, but only while production is shut down.
In the last few years, there has been another important development in the way Israel uses Oslo to serve its needs. Under Oslo, the West Bank was temporarily divided into three areas (titled A, B and C). Area C, consisting of 60 percent of the West Bank, is kept under Israel’s full administrative and military control. Naturally, the fate of Area C wasn’t decided in the agreement itself. Yet today, Israeli authorities treat Area C as if it has been annexed to Israel: they prevent Palestinian construction in those areas, expand existing settlements, use natural resources in those areas, and in some cases, even try to push the Palestinian population to areas A and B.
"It's a nice piece of real estate," Les Snead said of the team's four picks in the top 75 slots in May's draft. The GM's high-octane swap with the Redskins two offseasons ago is the gift that keeps on giving for the Rams. Cap issues might prevent St. Louis from adding talent through free agency, but the front office has an opportunity to energize both sides with rookie additions.
Over the years, Angelo Mozilo has been handsomely rewarded by Uncle Sam’s mortgage socialism. Here’s how it works. Countrywide Financial makes a conforming home loan, sells it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (both are government sponsored enterprises), and has its coffers replenished in doing so; hence, allowing Countrywide to keep churning out loans. Countrywide, in turn, remains the mortgage servicer on each loan and earns a fee for doing so. These fees most certainly add up when you are servicing $1.5 trillion in home loans (not all of which are Fannie and Freddie loans). Needless to say, Countrywide had other sources of revenues but mortgage servicing was top-shelf when it came to profitability.
“We don’t need to be concerned about drastic climate change,” Ham wrote on his blog. “Our climate, and the checks and balances that keep it operating within safe parameters, were designed by an all-wise Creator.”
One veterinary expert suggested that the dog might be rabid – one explanation for his mountaineering inclination – are warned other climbers to keep a safe distance.
An investigative report prepared for the House Judiciary Committee and released last week said Bentley encouraged an “atmosphere of intimidation” to keep the story under wraps and directed law enforcement officers to track down and seize the recordings. The report portrayed the governor as paranoid and obsessed with trying to keep the relationship secret.
The Swiss account has been a key fundraising tool to keep WikiLeaks online and had euro 31,000 ($41,400 Cdn) in it, according to The Associated Press, citing Assange's law firm.
"Any time you feel like telling me about a future event, I suggest writing it in here instead. It should help you keep track of you are on my personal timeline as well."
“The law already requires licensed gun dealers to run background checks, and over the last 14 years that’s kept 1.5 million of the wrong people from getting their hands on a gun, said President Obama during a speech on Jan. 16, 2013.
"The Royal Australian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals kept urging me to use this footage because they wanted Australians and the world to see what was being done to kangaroos in the outback: the wholesale slaughter and carnage being committed every night.
That’s not new information. Polling analysts like me knew the numbers were inaccurate before Brexit happened. Despite that, the polling predictions kept coming. Why?
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
Jessie kept her face buried in her pillow, muttering a string of curses in hopes she’d just pass out from frustration. She was so tired that she was ready to just let the rest of the holidays pass her boy completely.
Rockets center Clint Capela ready to keep pace with Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard
Houston Rockets' Clint Capela (15) dunks the ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Michael Perez) Houston Rockets' Clint Capela (15) dunks the ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Michael Perez) Photo: Michael Perez/Associated Press Photo: Michael Perez/Associated Press Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Rockets center Clint Capela ready to keep pace with Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The Rockets would likely have a similar strategy against Howard who is much better prepared to keep pace with Capela. Capela, however, was not at all surprised by his success against Embiid.
Having dipped into self-help books with a strong empirical bent, I can attest that the benefits are real. I’m convinced that Feeling Good, with its well-vetted techniques to combat negative thinking, helped lift me out of a stubborn bout of depression. As someone prone to descend into spirals of dark thought, I also benefited from the advice of Burns’ colleague, psychiatrist Aaron Beck, who recommends keeping a ‘Daily Record of Dysfunctional Thoughts’. Writing down my exaggerated thoughts, identifying the errors they contained, and rebutting them with more logical thoughts helped keep my problems in perspective. The thought-challenging exercises reinforced a critical truth – I didn’t have to buy into everything my sometimes-overheated brain was telling me. My book-inspired course of self-therapy, I now believe, helped me as much as my sessions with a psychologist.
"He is a dangerous player with a lot of quality. A player so young needs to play, but to come to Barcelona would also be a plus for him, to keep growing."
I’ve asked Dan and Kevin to meet me today because I’m enlisting them as the guinea pigs for a new writing project I’m embarking on. It’s been nearly four years since I moved to Los Angeles for college, and in just a few months, I’ll be continuing to live here without the backbone of university to keep me steady. In my time in L.A. I’ve bounced between many career dreams: first I wanted to be an actor, then a screenwriter, then a stand-up comedian, then a journalist, and now my passions lie in the murky gray area between the want for all of these things. I’ve found pieces of success in each of these arenas, but as the deadline to start making a real career for myself draws nearer, I find myself almost choking on fear. Here in the epicenter of The Industry (capital letters) it’s easy to grow desperate at the massive amounts of wealth success that surround you.
Kevin: At this time I had recently graduated. I was an unpaid intern and then became an assistant at Dark Horse Entertainment, around the year 2000. And I had a great mentor there named Mike Richardson, and I actually spent 8 years working on the development side, working with writers. And I just kept meeting with these writers and thinking, “Why can’t I do this?” Neither of us ever thought never thought we could write, so we started to print out our favorite screenplays—Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jaws—and we just read the scripts—
Dan: You gotta keep it light for the six-year-olds. Those are usually the notes: you can’t say “war;” you have to say “battle.”
Dan: Here’s the big secret: We’re actually writing it just for us. There’d be a lot more swearing in it, if we could get away with it. But it’s been so much fun for us, and we keep going back to it because our relationship with LEGO has been the best working relationship that we’ve ever had. There’s a trust: they trust us and we trust them.
The cashews won’t get smooth: You really do need to soak them overnight first, and use RAW cashews. And have patience: it can seem like all they’re doing for 5 minutes is getting grainy, but keep blending and they will eventually start to release their oils and get smooth. It’s basically the same chemistry as making nut butter.
It's a terrible sign for Sanchez that he has failed to gain any separation in practice against Siemian, a second-year pro drafted in the seventh round in 2015. The tie should go to the younger player. It is all reminiscent of 2013 in New York, when Sanchez struggled to beat out then-rookie Geno Smith. The difference here: Siemian's careful playing personality makes him less likely than Sanchez to commit a game-crushing mistake. Perhaps that's all Denver coach Gary Kubiak wants. The Broncos have the biggest range of potential outcomes of any team in football this year. They could repeat as champs or finish under .500 -- nothing would surprise. That makes them a must-watch team, even in August. (Rookie safety Justin Simmons and rookie running back Devontae Booker are also players to keep an eye on.)
The Lions will take a massive breath before the preseason starts, then exhale in a month if running back Ameer Abdullah's shoulder goes unscathed. The Bengals similarly can't handle more skill-position injuries; with their stacked roster, they don't truly need many of their young players to step up. Even Redskins beat writers admit camp this year is boring, which is a nice change of pace for them. Washington's first-round receiver Josh Doctson may not make it back on the field in time to play in the preseason, although we'll keep an eye on buzzy rookie runner Keith Marshall and second-year pro Matt Jones, who already wowed us in the preseason once. The Chiefs have a mostly veteran roster with intrigue at backup running back (Spencer Ware vs. Charcandrick West) and watching Chris Conley as the team's new starting wideout.
As the investigation continued, it kept getting worse. Several offices hired new IT staff, and found some of the computers were sending data to an offsite server. It is unknown what type of data or where the server is located yet, but several IT professionals on the Hill now believe members could be subject to blackmail because of the data theft. The violations were so bad, one staffer said, “There’s no question about it: If I was accused of a tenth of what these guys are accused of, they’d take me out in handcuffs that same day, and I’d never work again.”
AMY GOODMAN: We turn to Washington, where congressional Democrats are openly criticizing the secrecy surrounding the negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership, known as the TPP. This comes as President Obama begins a major push to pass the controversial deal. The United States is in talks with 11 [other Pacific Rim] countries for the sweeping trade pact that would cover 40 percent of the global economy, but its provisions have mostly been kept secret. After the White House deemed a briefing on the trade pact classified, Congressmember Rosa DeLauro of Connecticut called the measures “needlessly secretive,” saying, quote, “If the TPP would be as good for American jobs as they claim, there should be nothing to hide.” Well, this comes as President Obama recently called on Congress to pass fast-track legislation to streamline the passage of trade deals through Congress.
Sometimes the groom carries a piece of iron in his pocket, supposedly to keep evil spirits away
When you upgrade Windows to a new version, a copy of the old version is kept for a period of time. This is done to give you the option to restore the old version should you run into issues or are dissatisfied with the new version of Windows. This copy may take up more than ten Gigabyte of storage space.
Windows keeps these around as well and does not remove them. Updates cleanup refers to removing outdated update files that are no longer required.
While you may run temporary file cleaners regularly to keep the data use in check, you may also want to consider moving folders to another drive if available.
More scary stuff from the US Treasury which has resumed living auction to auction, even as it has plundered over $80 billion in G and CSRD retirement fund money to provide cap under the debt ceiling, a number which will eventually rise to $270 billion by August 2nd at which time all bets are off unless the politicos in DC finally relent with their soap opera and allow the inevitable $2 trillion debt ceiling hike (which probably won't happen. Instead Congress will start voting on incremental $200 billion debt ceiling hikes month to month in order to keep the public glued to their TV in a demonstration of just how fiscally prudent Congress is). In the meantime, here's the math: in the first 8 days of the month of June, the Treasury has seen its cash balance decline from $112.6 billion to $23.5 billion: a solid burn rate of $90 billion in just over a week. But lest readers think that this is due to paying down debt, it isn't: total US debt was flat (at the ceiling), while intragovernmental holdings declined by $20 billion to accomodate another $20 billion in marketable debt (see the plunder of retirement accounts discussed above). So how does one reconcile this data? Simple - in June the Treasury has collected $44 billion in withheld individual income taxes (and a whopping $400 million in corporate tax), while spending double that, or $89 billion. Fiscal prudence? Rhetorical.
We included rubber feet to raise the enclosure so it just hovers underneath your television. In addition to the built in heat sink, small ventilation slots on the bottom help keep the Raspberry Pi cool. GPIO pins are accessible through the slot on the bottom of the case and there is no need for disassembly to get to the SD card. We know you will love the attention to detail we put in throughout the case.
Trump did get a boost from Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, one of the 16 Republicans whose White House dreams were vanquished during the primary. Still, Walker suggested he was driven as much by a desire to keep Democrat Hillary Clinton out of the White House as admiration for his party's nominee.
According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.
After spending a night at the station, he was transferred to a nearby veterinary hospital while police searched for clues, local policeman Shinjiro Uemura said. He kept mum with the cops, but began chatting after a few days with the vet.
In other developments for Fuel on Docker in Mirantis OpenStack 6.0, we used CentOS 6.5 as the operating system for Master Node. Because CentOS 6.5 has no systemd to keep services running, Mirantis uses the Python supervisor utility to start and track Docker containers as well as to run web apps, providing great two-for-one functionality.
Robinson also says the study was too short. But just in case scientists follow up with a longer study, she’s ready to move the goalposts again: Even a two-year study in cows (“equivalent to around eight years in human terms,” according to Robinson) isn’t enough. The allegations and demands are endless. When you keep reaching for higher standards and new rationalizations, you’re just protecting your beliefs from falsification.
The U.S. military works with hundreds of reporters from global TV networks to niche magazines and bloggers doing their jobs every day. In our jobs, we interview American and foreign allied troops on their way to die and we talk to their mothers when they return home in caskets. We travel with and talk to the experienced Joint Chiefs and the newest Marines out of boot camp. We fly onto aircraft carriers and into forward operating bases, and then to bespoke-suited NATO meetings of top European defense ministers — often in the same week. Generals, admirals, and service secretaries trust us enough to take us into dangerous places where there are secrecy rules to keep us all safe. They give us briefings and speak to us, often privately, to make sure we are getting the story right or that they are at least getting their version of the story heard. Some of us have been shot at, blown up, and killed, alongside the servicemen and -women we are covering, and some are still going back into the war zones to keep reporting. They have earned the respect and admiration of troops of all ranks.
They (and Trump) inherited Obama’s war, which remains a largely secretive fight using elite special operators, intelligence officers, and private military contractors working an insane operational tempo. What was meant to be a way to keep the U.S. out of a large ground war became a perpetual secret mission. Few Americans know the extent of U.S. military and special operations intervention in that region stretching from Nigeria to Yemen and Syria. Except in this war, YouTube gets a vote. American forces are showing up on social media and foreign press more than they want. The entire war on terrorism is challenging the idea that every SOF warrior is a silent warrior when the mission is right there on TV for all to see, or veteran SEALs write tell-all books or open their mouths. It’s just not reality.
“But since this will be my final press conference as secretary of defense, I would actually like to take this opportunity to say a few words to the Pentagon press corps. And don’t worry — it’s all good. These past few weeks have truly been the long goodbye, particularly for the traveling press, so I’ll keep it short.
True, but the vast majority of food animals are not kept humanely. Surely people are outraged over this, but I rarely see a level of outrage comparable to certain posters in this thread over having sex with them.
And it's not just killing and eating them which animals do not consent to. Animals do not consent to a great number of things, such as being kept in kennels, having their ears and tails docked, or being trained for risky jobs and dying in the line of duty (bomb dogs, police dogs etc) when the animal has absolutely no comprehension of the danger they are being put into for the benefit of humans.
“We keep fighting with the governments about the facts, but they do not accept that their debts killed them,” said Bidhua. “The weather’s blow to the rabi crop is breaking down farmers mentally.”
Box.net is probably the most commonly-known site featured here. But I couldn’t keep it from the list because it’s really a good one and despite all its features, it’s actually simple to use. The light version is not so attractive though. Here’s what you get: File uploads up to 25MB/file (OK, that’s pretty lame). 5 collaboration folders, 1GB storage, mobile access, public file sharing, folder widget, and a few more options. The other plans are far richer, but for personal use, the free one is enough (except for the lame file uploads limit). One thing that bothered me is that you can’t upload a file without signing up. That’s the old fashion way, don’t you think?
I couldn’t find the exact amount that you can upload per file to Flyupload, but the service looks great. Flyupload allows you to store, access, share and backup your digital documents, photographs, and music easily with complete privacy online. Registered users get extra features like 2GB space of files, Multi-uploads with an upload progress bar. You can also upload large files via FTP or create folders and keep track of files and Images. Additionally, Flyupload lets you share files from your database, to your Twitter account with a side tool called: Flyontwit.
Several factors keep prices high, notably the costs of labor and shipping. But another key reason identified in a 2015 OECD report is lack of competition. Many of the Facebook group’s post are less complimentary of Costco than they are critical of Bónus, Krónan and Nettó, the country’s three main grocery chains.
Costco’s relatively inexpensive gasoline, now the cheapest available in Iceland, has led to criticism of the country’s fuel suppliers, long suspected of collaborating to keep prices high. The new Costco charges 169.9 Icelandic krónur per liter, the equivalent of $6.40 per US gallon. A liter of gas at a typical non-Costco pump is 198.9 krónur, or $7.50 per gallon.
Two out of five women in a relationship said their job was most likely to keep them up at night, according to the poll of 625 women. Job responsibilities and love life tied as the factors most likely to keep single women awake.
— A lawsuit brought by Americans for Prosperity, among others, aimed at stopping a 2018 Arizona referendum asking voters whether they want to keep a school choice law passed earlier this year. The law would expand the availability of education savings accounts to more than 30,000 families — a move that public school supporters fear would divert millions of dollars from financially stretched public schools.
In Arizona, the referendum vote set for 2018 would ask voters to decide whether they want to keep a law that expands education savings accounts. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican, backed the law and said this summer during a three-day Koch donor retreat in Colorado Springs that, “I need the power of the network” to get it passed, the Denver Post reported.
Quantum TNS (timing, navigation and sensing) involves cooling atoms down to temperatures a billion times colder than outer space. Unlike GPS, which relies on triangulation from a network of satellites, it very accurately measures movements from a known position to keep track of location.
Currently submarines use GPS while surfaced but rely on crude accelerometers when underwater to track position with dead reckoning. But spending just one day underwater can lead to inaccuracy of up to a kilometre. With quantum TNS this error could be kept to as little as one metre.
"Whenever we asked him anything, he would say yes, yes, yes, then not keep any one of his pledges," said al-Rubaie.
As a 26-year-old nightclub promoter, he made bad choices, he says, until one day he laced up his runners and felt better, noticing changes in his mood, sleep, physique and confidence. But he couldn’t keep it up all alone, he says. Hence, the need for a crew — supportive, like-minded people who have grown into a de-facto family. One that runs together, but also goes for brunch afterwards at a trendy restaurant and then does yoga at a stylish gym. Or visits a gallery before heading home to shower. That’s why Artemiw won’t run in a pair of ratty pants with a hole in the crotch, he says. And why at each Parkdale Roadrunners run there’s always someone who sticks at the “back of pack” — because running, and joining a crew, he says, doesn’t have to be about qualifying for Boston (the city’s annual marathon is considered that golden ring). “It’s about inclusion,” Artemiw says. “It’s about just discovering better versions of yourself every day. That’s what it’s built upon.”
A pair of tusks in Kenya is worth three, four years' of salary. It depends where, of course, but we know that poachers can get a few hundred dollars. And a few hundred dollars in those areas - it's a lot of money. Then, as the ivory travels all the way to Asia, which is the final destination, the price keeps rising. And on the black market in China now, we're talking about $3,000 (2,300 euros) per kilo.
“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we’re asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We’re grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO
Especially in these days of rising expenses and looking to find a way to keep the IT department from being a cost center, it’s tempting to look for ways to recoup costs. Unfortunately, take it too far, and the backlash can be quite dramatic.
The Division of Public Health is advising residents to discourage breeding of the Asian tiger mosquito, which is aggressive in daylight and can breed in small water containers. Residents should remove outside containers that can hold water, frequently change water in bird baths and pet bowls, repair leaky outdoor faucets, tightly cover rain barrels, keep gutters clean and use screens on windows and doors.
Nunez says a few years ago, 16 ounces of Andean Naturals quinoa retailed for $2 at Trader Joe's. It's now $4. And if prices keep climbing, quinoa could stop showing up in traditional soups and porridges in Bolivia.
"We want to keep the production sustainable," Choquetapo says. "We don't want to exploit every bit of it. This piece of earth has to support our kids and grandchildren, too."
"There was this woman, just shouting, shouting at my sister to get up. She was in bed asleep and she's only five so she was crying and the woman just kept shouting at her. She didn't have to do that. The search was bad. Why did they have to search my sister? She is only five, what is she going to have? They touch you all over and they're rough. It's rude."
Within minutes of setting up shop Friday, a man on a motorcycle came from New Tampa to hand the kids a wad of bills. Workers who came to clean the apartment pool stopped to donate $12 and a 79-year-old woman from Temple Terrace gave $30 for a hug and a drink. As Jolly and other parents and brothers stood outside to keep an eye on the kids, her phone buzzed with emails from people wanting to give money. One sent her $200 on PayPal.
"Last year it was amazing, the hype of when we were building the registration online," Martin said. "I sent an email saying it was going to go live at two o'clock and it was like watching the ticker tape parade. In the first hour, I think there was like, 96 registrations. They were all time-stamped. It was just amazing. Because the owner of the rink's like, yeah, it's not going to sell out. Watching the numbers, it's like tick, tick, tick, refresh, refresh and the numbers just kept jumping and jumping. Almost 100 percent capacity for the three weeks."
"And the drag on the economy is in the export sector, the one area of the economy where I think there were very high hopes. We're basically still incredibly dependent on consumer spending and housing to keep pulling the economy along."
I invested some money into various cryptocurrencies at different times, and it becamefor me to keep track about myand
1337x happens to be one of the notable torrent websites and was launched in the year 2007. It garnered traction when the major torrent websites started to come under fire. People wanted a fall back plan and there it was, 1337x! The dedicated set of users and uploaders keep the site fresh and up-to-date with content.
Australia, with its fantastic target-setting batsmen, were the pre-eminent ODI team for five eras. India too, had equivalent resources while batting first between 1998-2001, but couldn’t keep up with the Aussie might in the next era. Wisden wasn’t wrong in its assessment that this team (without Shane Warne, mind you) would have beaten a Rest of World XI. And then there was the small matter of them being a champion chasing team as well.
Writing a cabal file forces you to document what modules and what versions your script worked with when you were originally writing it. If you ever decide you want to run or build your script on another environment, the cabal file will make it dramatically easier to get your dependencies and get running faster. If you ever update your modules, the cabal file will partially insulate you against API changes (assuming that the package follows Hackage's PVP). This is far more palatable than GHC's package-qualified imports. You might have cringed about writing up a Makefile or ant file to build your projects in another language; as long as it is just one or two files, the pain associated with these build languages seems to outweight the cost of just running gcc foo.c -o foo . Cabal files are drop-dead easy to write. There even is a cabal init to do the scaffolding for you. Toss out the dinky shell script that you've kept to run ghc --make and use cabal configure && cabal build . It gives you nice things, for free! Do you want Haddock documentation? A traditional GNU-style Makefile? Colourised code? Cabal can do all of these things for you, with minimal effort after you have your cabal file.
I’ve been reading a book titled Drive. Its goal is to discuss what motivates us, yet it is one of those books that isn’t particularly well written or entertaining. But alas, it is a book that gets you thinking in a more concrete fashion about things you have always known. It reminds me of a college book—not interesting enough to make it really enjoyable, but meaningful enough that you keep going back to it until you finally finish.
The book basically boils motivation down to three essential ingredients: autonomy, mastery and purpose. Or in an even simpler form, what gets you up in the morning or keeps you up at night?
As crazy as it might sound, I think the checkoff has even contributed to the problem. Yes, it saved us from the precipice and helps to keep us from going the way of the lamb industry, but it also gave us as individuals an excuse to abdicate our responsibility to grow our industry.
They kept him from suffocating by feeding an air tube into the 22-year-old’s mouth.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Three rockets were fired into Israel on Thursday night, one of which was intercepted by the Iron Dome rocket-defense system. They marked the first such attacks since early Thursday morning when seven missiles hit Israel, in addition to one that was intercepted by the Iron Dome near Ashkelon. The IDF said that 130 rockets were fired into Israel since Monday.Prosor stated that “as long as Israel’s southern communities will not know quiet, it will not be quiet in Gaza.”He added that Israel fully cooperates with the UN, allowing civilian material and humanitarian aid into Gaza, “and in exchange weapons continue to flow into the Strip and rockets are fired into Israel.”On Thursday afternoon, the IDF raised the level of alert along the Egyptian border and ordered residents of communities located near Sinai to remain in their homes and lock their doors. Rapid response teams hurried to the towns and the army reinforced nearby forces out of concern that terrorists were planning another attack from the Sinai Peninsula.By the evening, the IDF lowered the level of alert but kept Road 12 – along the border – closed due to a general concern over attacks.On Wednesday, the air force attacked a motorbike in Rafah, seriously wounding a top global jihad operative who the army said was planning another assault on Israel from Sinai.Also on Thursday, the IDF said that it had noticed an increase in the use of cellular phones to detonate roadside bombs in the West Bank. The use of phones, the military said, had declined in recent years but suddenly picked up again in late 2011. The IDF said it also noticed an improvement in the camouflage used to hide the bombs.The most recent attack with cellular detonation was in April, when a bomb exploded next to an IDF vehicle close to Yatta, south of Hebron.No one was injured. Last week, two residents of Yatta were indicted for manufacturing bombs and planting them in the Hebron area.
In my experience, there are two primary reasons why we overcomplicate things. The first is a loss of focus. When you lose touch with why you’re doing what you’re doing, you inadvertently sentence yourself to trivial pursuits. As a software developer, I see this all the time with frameworks, particularly frameworks that were created out of thin air instead of extracted from working applications. Using them is like going to church: you pray to a higher power to help you make it through the day, you beg forgiveness for your sins, and they keep pestering you for donations. The tagline for software built from these foundations usually ends with “…but the code is really good.”
Coin mining is a key component for digital currencies like Bitcoin and Dogecoin. The mining creates new coins and helps keep them secure.
I gingerly climbed on top of the plastic contraption now ringing my porcelain throne. It soon became apparent that I couldn't keep my britches at my ankles as I normally did. No, they had to go entirely, along with my underthings. And if there is anything more ridiculous on this planet than the sight of a human man wearing a t-shirt and nothing else, I have yet to experience it. So in the interest of saving myself this unfortunate view, I doffed the shirt as well. Now entirely naked, I again attempted to step onto the device. I was unsure, but it seemed to hold. I settled down to the seat, with only the extremities of my posterior touching. My knees were up at my chest. This, plus my complete nakedness, felt very primal. It felt third-world and adventurous. It felt... RIGHT. I concentrated on the task at hand. I had felt a slight urge to go, and had been eager to try out the new purchase. I had been intrigued by the promise that my business would henceforth require substantially less effort on my part, because of the wild beast–man position it forced upon me. But I was still skeptical. It sounded too good to be true. Surely the difference couldn't be that dras— HOLY HELL I'M POOPING.
I masked off the areas that i wanted to keep as dirt and started adding layers of Woodland scenics fine and course turf (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQBDf6vQ_v8)
Assuming this report is accurate, we at Ars figured this was a matter of when, not if. In August, Peter Bright wrote about the infrastructure YouTube already has in place to support hobbyists' live video streaming, not to mention Google's ability to purchase exclusive streaming rights to all kinds of e-sports events. Bright also pointed to Twitch's uneven video-archive support—a fact that has kept a lot of high-earning streamers attached to YouTube, meaning they wouldn't have to walk very far to switch teams.
Story said among the reasons, they found, were the bank's importance to the market's functions. Some SEC officials said these exemptions were important to allowing the banks keep doing their business, Story said.
‘We can’t keep on saying it’s because they have pack of forwards. The Bulls need a prop, a fetcher and they are missing a creative loose forward. They have bashers in the loose trio as opposed to someone who can make the little passes, a linking player like Cassiem and Michael Hooper, and like Rob Louw was in the past. If the pack manages to get at least a tighthead prop so that they can win their own ball without collapsing and giving a penalty away, when we can start talking about the play of Rudy Paige and Pollard and compare them in a fair way. They can blame a bad start all they want, but it’s actually a lack of first-phase ball that is causing them all this trouble. Against the Stormers it was the scrums and against the Cheetahs it was the scrums and the lineouts.’
During the interview, Remy didn't hold back when she was talking about why she ethered Nicki not once, but twice. She admitted that she didn't care about the subliminal shots Nicki took of her on songs. It was actually the "behind the scenes things that you people will never know about." Remy said: "As far as trying to keep me off of red carpets, trying to make sure awards don't go to me or she's not going to be in attendance, trying to get people to make bad reports about my album sales-- just anything that I'm doing to make me look less and make her look better."
The film contrasts the vile acts with gorgeous visual imagery of Rome, Vatican City, and standard church icons like masterpiece portraits of the Virgin Mary, and Gibney captures so perfectly the rituals many Catholics identify with. It is just after those moments of Catholic comfort when Gibney hits hardest with a shocking scene or recollection from a victim about what was happening behind the altar. Through that quick transition from good to evil, Gibney manages to nail the vulnerability that Catholic guilt creates by exposing the almost Godlike esteem bestowed on the clergy—which is what keeps so many victims from coming forward and which makes so many families skeptical when they finally do. The plight of the vulnerable deaf children, especially, underscores how such a vital trust was betrayed.
While the focus of the film is weighted heavily on Father Murphy’s sins, several other recognizable scandals are used to bolster the point that sexual abuse was not an anomaly that happened only in America. Gibney nods to the Irish church’s problems with a glance at Father Tony Walsh, an Elvis impersonator who sang with a group called All-Priests Show and was sentenced to 16 years for horrific sexual abuses, including tying a 7-year-old boy to an altar with a monk’s rope belt and sodomizing him. The film also highlights the case against a Mexican priest, Father Marcial Maciel Degollado, who founded the controversial Legionnaires of Christ and who was highly influential in the Vatican hierarchy because of his group’s impressive financial contributions. Maciel, who died in 2008, was a known pedophile who was accused of sexually abusing up to 20 seminarians. He was also a documented philanderer who fathered several children with various women. He was protected for years by the Vatican’s former secretary of state, Angelo Sodano, who was able to keep Maciel shielded from criminal prosecution as long as the money kept rolling in. (Sodano has disavowed any cover-up; in 2010, he dismissed such allegations as “petty gossip.”)
I think we came out of the gate well this season. Everybody played fast and strong in the first 11 games. We’ve just got to keep that up and play even better moving forward.
It's possible to keep track of every file changed in a container since its creation from an image, thus it's possible to know what files the attacker/malware have created, modified or deleted. Here's an example: let's create a container from an Ubuntu image and leave it running using sleep
By enveloping themselves in the cloak of history, the extremists from both sides can radiate an aura of certainty. This certitude will make it very difficult to convince them of the need for reconciliation, both with the past and with the present. It also means that it will be very difficult to convince them that they are losing, or have lost. By citing precedent and conspiracy, they can explain away setbacks. They can tell themselves that they got the recipe wrong somewhere, and all they need to do it to go back to the basics to try and try again until it gets going. The stench of past glories, the musky manuscripts that speak of ancestral feats, the decay of once-glorious cities, excite their senses. It is excessively hard to let go of the legacy of greatness. Its loss gnaws at them. It haunts them. They will keep trying. As far as the jihadists are concerned, they were left for dead in 2009. They were thought to be a spent force, its remnants living out a precarious existence in the deserts of Iraq. Then they came back. They made no excuses for the doctrinal overreach of declaring the Islamic State in 2006 that had turned so many other jihadist and Salafist groups against them. They felt they were right all along, and that their temporary setbacks mirrored ones that Muhammad had experienced himself. Not only did they make no excuses, but this time around they called a spade a spade: “Yes, world, this is the caliphate resurrected” they proclaimed. Their righteousness and certainty was foretold by precedence. History is their refuge, their sanctuary. They stand on firm ground. And if that terrain goes unchallenged, they will keep coming back. But it is not all doom and gloom: It just so happens that challenging them on the received facts of history is easier than what many may imagine.
I wish I could back to that mountainside café, but this time armed with a particular book. The cantankerous proprietor may still be around, or he may have succumbed to old age, leaving his grandson in charge—probably a scion of his grandfather’s rage. I would wonder whether this young man had seen much fighting in the civil war, raging downhill in the valley, or had heard many war stories from brothers and cousins dragooned into that existential fight. I would wonder how many young Iraqi, Iranian, Lebanese, and Afghan Shias had enjoyed a respite from the fighting while sipping coffee under the shade, rifles at their feet, across the road from that caper berry bush that had drawn me to this spot in the first place. They had ostensibly come to Syria over the last five years to protect Shia shrines from being desecrated at the hands of extremist Sunnis, to keep the bones of their saints safe from exhumation. That is what the young men had been told. What they were really doing there was to prop up Asad’s regime, for that is what extremist Shia strategists in far-away Tehran had ordained. I would arrive with a book called The Shrines of ‘Alids in Medieval Syria by Stephanie Mulder (Edinburgh University Press, 2014). Ideally, someone would have gotten the copyright to translate it into Arabic, so I would be carrying a version of it in that language. The book is mostly concerned with architecture, but there is a valuable subtext in there: most of the Shia shrines studied in the book were erected and subsidized by powerful Sunni patrons back in medieval times. Those Sunnis venerated the shrines as much as modern Shias do, even though some modern Sunni extremists are keen on blowing them up. I would conveniently forget the book there, leaving it on one of the chairs. The old man, his grandson, or even those transient fighters from the Shia internationale may rifle through its pages, driven by sheer curiosity, for this is a book written by a Westerner about their beloved shrines. One or two of them may pick up on the subtext to infer that not all Sunnis are so bad, after all. Or maybe that is too much to hope for after all they had been told, and after all that they had seen. Yet with the din of battle thudding in the background, it seems it would be worth a try.
<blockquote>”Yet the states kept less than half of 1 percent of the $82 million they had amassed from the extravagant fund-raisers Hillary’s campaign was holding, just as Gary had described to me when he and I talked in August. When the Politico story described this arrangement as “essentially… money laundering” for the Clinton campaign, Hillary’s people were outraged at being accused of doing something shady. Bernie’s people were angry for their own reasons, saying this was part of a calculated strategy to throw the nomination to Hillary.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I wanted to believe Hillary, who made campaign finance reform part of her platform, but I had made this pledge to Bernie and did not want to disappoint him. I kept asking the party lawyers and the DNC staff to show me the agreements that the party had made for sharing the money they raised, but there was a lot of shuffling of feet and looking the other way.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I had to keep my promise to Bernie. I was in agony as I dialed him. Keeping this secret was against everything that I stood for, all that I valued as a woman and as a public servant.”</blockquote>
You kept the truth from the public and had the entire case in your hands, and decided to end it in the fashion you did which killed Bernie Sanders’ chances at a fair and balanced primary.
She goes on to suggest that she continued to keep the lie exactly that; a secret which benefited Hillary Clinton alone.
Social software design is also helping accelerate this trend. Look no further than the Facebook Causes Birthday application that encourages an individual who is a member of a Cause to use their birthday as an excuse to raise money for a non-profit organization. DonorsChoose recently launched a similar feature called “Birthday Give Back," with Stephen Colbert leading the charge. And keep an eye out for more social apps with a conscience that will offer even more creative ways for supporters to self-organize and take action around causes.
Joshua Partogi : Scrum does not work here in Asia Joshua Partogi explains why agile does not work in Asian cultures where people expect to be told what to do because hierarchy is what keeps the universe working.
Rowling described the plot of The Silkworm as "probably the most complex plot I've ever written", saying she had the idea for it ahead of the idea for The Cuckoo's Calling, but had decided to keep it for the second novel in order to introduce her series character in the context of a less dense plot. The third novel, which she is a third of the way through, will be "quite different" - "You find out quite a bit more about what happens to people after they leave the military," she said, adding that she had had "a lot of information" on the subject from people who prefer to remain anonymous.
It was. Now I keep my passport in a safe. I can only take it out when I am about to get on an airplane [laughs].
Fortunately for women in our modern times, publications old and new now offer “Lazy Girl” guides to shape them into some level of fitness for society. And I mean fitness in more than just the natural-selection sense: Lazy Girl guides can give her a great butt. They can style her clothes so she does not scare others, banish her cystic pizza face, make her lose weight, help her with her morning makeup, feed her a healthy meal, repair her tattered rags, tame her rat’s nest of a haircut, fix her repulsive cuticles, contour her shapeless blob of a face, learn her manners, teach her to keep house. The lazy girl is Eliza Doolittle, and the internet is her Henry Higgins.
These Lazy Girl guides admittedly offer much the same set of lessons women’s publications have been peddling for decades, and they generally follow long-established formulas: Assemble some obvious facts, add a couple genuinely insightful tidbits, lay it all out in an attractive way. The Lazy Girl label gives it an insidious new twist — it purports to offer a way around the rules, but still keeps those rules firmly in place, all with the impossible sheen of effortlessness.
Fixed Gear Moscow has organized numerous alleycat races, tournaments, and other events to keep the community growing. Several side projects have been initiated by members of Fixed Gear Moscow and are still[needs update] in development.[clarification needed][citation needed]
A much wider range of TV programmes are now available and with a much sharper picture. There is a wider array of healthy foods. And, of course, I carry a smartphone that keeps me more connected to information sources, friends and colleagues than was imaginable 50 years ago.
Can you imagine Wade trying to topple James for supremacy in his present condition? Wade might not move exactly the way he did, but that move he made three years ago is still serving him. Makes you wonder if he’ll be the one choosing to take the biggest discount again to keep this together beyond the current contracts.
The judge asked for bail of 750,000 Turkish lira ($332,000) for the alleged leader of the network. “The judge was utterly shocked when the money was delivered in cash the next day. He thought this was an astronomical amount that would keep these people behind bars,” one source told Al-Monitor. The alleged leader of the network and 19 others are accused in the case, but none are now behind bars.
And keep up with Jay over on Facebook, too.
• Will Giants restructure Eli Manning's contract to keep Victor Cruz?
Crowdholding was first conceived back in January 2016 between the three co-founders of the startup, from then on the startup has grown its product and size of its team. A working Beta was created back March 2017 and we have over 1200 users on the platform. Crowdholding moved towards a Initial coin offering as it was an opportunity to show the power of the crowd, receive feedback to improve user experience and keep control of our concept.
"You're going to be second-guessed when things don't go well,'' Jon says. "You have a job to be yourself. I'll do the best I can to keep improving as an analyst.
The Brand-New DTRAC team purchased all the patents, rights, moulds, manufacturing processes, etc. from the first DTRAC team and improved the product inside out. You can call it ALL NEW DTRAC. The only thing that we kept from the v1 is the concept & color. We are actually re-considering the color. If you have a great suggestion in color, please email us here: hello@DTRAC.ca
As such, Israel’s constant and otherwise irrational belligerence makes perfect sense. An FOB’s priorities are not prosperity and peace as would a nation’s, but rather to engage forward into enemy territory. The trick over the years has been to portray Israel as a nation, while propping up its constant belligerence and aggression as “self-defense.” To keep this illusion in motion, Israel and its regional and Western collaborators have even created full-time enemies, including Hamas itself – a creation of Israeli intelligence and to this day primarily propped up by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, both of which are defacto regional partners with the West and of course Israel itself.
Divided and in perpetual conflict, the Arab World across the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) has not been able to create strong, secular, nationalist nations to protect Arab socioeconomic and political interests. In the process, the West has been able to exploit, divide, and conquer regions of MENA over and over again. Israel’s role as the ultimate casus belli, instigator, and aggressor, has been instrumental in keeping this hegemonic enterprise alive and well with the region kept in a perpetual and crippling defensive posture.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Commonwealth Corporation has tried to help close that gap, not just by placing teens in jobs but by running training programs on interviewing, resume writing, workplace behavior and other skills to help teens find and keep jobs.
Brown was one of about 5,000 Massachusetts youths who got a job through the program this year. An aspiring architect who hopes to go to Virginia Tech when he graduates from high school next year, he said he’d been looking for a job since the day he turned 17 without success. Now that he has a job, he plans to keep working during the school year in part because his mother will give up her low-wage job to return to school in the fall. Besides the income, Brown said the job has helped him learn to communicate with adults and manage his emotions, even when he thinks he’s being criticized unfairly. It’s helped his organizational skills, too, he said.
Well, the successes clearly are protecting the homeland. We were under attack, and he brought — he unified the country and he showed dogged determination. And he kept us safe.
Of course in arguing that his brother kept America safe, Jeb is rather conveniently glossing over the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Rather than protecting the homeland, George W. Bush presided over the worst terrorist attacks in history on U.S. soil. However, instead of acknowledging that intelligence failures while his brother was in the White House made America less safe, Jeb instead tries to pretend that his brother’s presidency began on September 12, 2001. This way he can argue that George W. Bush heroically rescued America from the terrorists and made us safe, while ignoring that it was the Bush White House that was in charge when the twin towers and the Pentagon were attacked by terrorists.
Republican revisionists have long tried to argue that George W. Bush kept America safe, by conveniently ignoring the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. For example, in January 2010, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani astonishingly claimed that America “had no domestic attacks” under President George W. Bush. Somehow Mayor Giuliani’s partisan amnesia made him completely forget that terrorists had launched an attack on his city, under George W. Bush’s watch, killing nearly 3,000 people and knocking down the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center. Giuliani was the mayor of New York City at the time. He probably should have remembered that day, but apparently it slipped his mind, while he was comparing Bush’s record to Obama’s record on preventing terrorism.
Ambition and DayDream roamed bottom at 11 minutes to tower dive SKTKs duo lane. Faker way caught by the two in the river but escaped, drawing them into the river while Bengi ganked bottom and got a double kill. Flame was forced to cancel his teleport and SKTK took bottom turret. Blaze returned with DayDream and took bottom turret, but Bengi and Faker roamed bottom, killing Blaze’s duo lane yet again. SKTK moved to dragon but Ambition stole it with his ultimate. SKTK’s due lane rotated top, catching Flame teleporting onto his tower with Bengi. They chased Flame down to his 2nd turret but Blaze turned and killed Impact. Bengi and Faker used the distraction to take mid turret. Blaze’s duo lane remained top to keep the 2v2 matchup while Flame rotated to bottom against Impact. Skirmishes broke out in all 3 lanes, resulting in another kill for each team and Ambition taking mid turret.
But so far the Oculus Rift has remained a portal into another world that’s not quite transportive. The two different development kits, the second a big improvement over the first, have technical limitations that even the Oculus team admits pull you out of the experience. A stuttering display, low resolution and problems with motion tracking have kept VR from sucking us in.
First and foremost, Brook is a highly capable puck-mover on the blue line, with an assertive style of play that sees him pinching up the ice with regularity to keep the offence moving. He times those pinches well, keeping the puck below the faceoff dots in the offensive zone. He can keep plays alive in the attacking end by using a soft touch pass and shifting his positioning frequently to stay a viable option for teammates, and keep defenders moving to cover constantly shifting lanes.
“We needed to find ways to get students to and from campus to keep students safe,” Rinaldi said.
There’s also something to be said for the Living Steel Weapon Chain. A static 200 expertise is always on, so it’s got the whole “consistency” thing in the bag. And it’s expertise, which we value much more highly than expertise or haste, right? Well, not exactly. If you can reach the caps via reforging already, all this enchant does for you is allow you to reforge less of that itemization on gear into expertise, and subsequently keep more mastery or haste. In that sense, it’s not worth 200 expertise, it’s worth 200 of whatever stat you’re reforging into after hit/exp caps – either 200 mastery or 200 haste. It’s only if you can’t reach the caps via just reforging that the enchant keeps its higher value as an expertise source.
As Breitbart Texas previously reported, the Texas border area known as the Rio Grande Valley has been a haven for drug cartel members where they try to hide out when Mexican authorities come close to arresting them. While in Mexico cartel members move around with large armies of gunmen; in Texas the drug lords keep a lower profile in order to avoid drawing the attention of U.S. law enforcement.
Like Newson, I haven’t encountered many defenders of U.S. counterterrorism strikes. Last year, I co-chaired a Stimson Center commission on U.S. drone policy with retired Gen. John Abizaid. The commission, which included former senior military and intelligence officials from both Obama’s and George W. Bush’s administrations, concluded in June 2014 that “the Obama administration’s heavy reliance on targeted killings as a pillar of US counterterrorism strategy rests on questionable assumptions, and risks increasing instability and escalating conflicts. While tactical strikes may have helped keep the homeland free of major terrorist attacks, existing evidence indicates that both Sunni and Shia Islamic extremist groups have grown in scope, lethality and influence in the broader area of operations in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia.” In dozens of interviews and conversations with national security experts since June 2014, I have yet to find anyone who won’t admit, off the record, that U.S. counterterrorism policy is flailing badly.
The fake news writer said he never thought Trump would win and become president. "They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore — I mean, that's how Trump got elected. He just said whatever he wanted, and people believed everything, and when the things he said turned out not to be true, people didn't care because they'd already accepted it. It's real scary. I've never seen anything like it."
When the target function is found, its address is kept in memory and the code will then jump to this address. The return path is also obfuscated. Instead of returning from the API call directly to the malware code, the return address contains an address in ntdll.dll that executes
When the second stage is installed on a machine, it will communicate its bot ID to the server which will then decide what happens next. Throughout our research, we found that once a particular system has been locked, it is not possible to lock it again. The server seems to keep host information and will not send the HTML code required to lock the computer if it has already been served once to the requesting bot. After analysis, it appears that the computer ID is generated through the registry key “HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Cryptography\MachineGuid” and simply changing this value enables the same computer to be locked at will, regardless of the bot’s IP address.
Handiwork of Cynthia Breazeal, an associate professor of media arts and sciences at MIT and director of the Personal Robots Group at the MIT Media Lab, Jibo stands 11-inches tall and has a moving LCD for a face. It’s designed to be a storyteller for kids, a companion for the elderly, and a quick way to keep up to date with news and web searches for everyone else.
That’s not a mocking indictment on this nation’s onetime industrial might. It’s more a nod to the evolution of a mighty city that couldn’t keep up with changing technology or overcome unchecked political corruption from within.
"The bad news keeps mounting and our nation's best job creators are paying the price," said House Small Business Committee Chairman Sam Graves (R-Mo.) in a statement. "Earlier this month, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office provided economic data that echoed what many small businesses have been telling us – that the health law is killing jobs and harming the economy," Graves said.
As the ram hit the floor of the pit Nick changed, his fury was back and he turned towards the intruder. Stepping in front of the motionless Judy he placed himself between her and the ram, he snarled loudly and began to back up pressing into Judy's chest with his butt. Her eyes widened as the steady pressured forced Judy to the ground and Nick took up a place over her. She was being covered completely by his body as he stood above her and tightened his muscles. The ram stumbled up and faced the duo, putting his hands out in front of him as he approached. Nick tightened, even more, the closer he came, and Judy watched Nick's muscles he had previously kept hidden visibly moved beneath his clothing.
I wrote down my personal approach to debugging, but since it's a creative process and you learn every day, it's in no way a definitive list. I'm curious to hear your anecdotes and best practices. And keep in mind: Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing code in the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it, how will you ever debug it? So for now happy debugging...uh...de-erroring!!
@SladeOBrien @AFPhq @AFPMichigan @seanhannity trying to keep it classy w/ the classless is a waste of time. Time for scorched earth policy — Ringo (@ringo031980) April 1, 2014
Ideally, there should be a backup option that keeps my notes unlocked if when the app starts degrading a few years from now.
Household income growth in B.C. kept pace with country
“The goal is to put more in less space,” said Bill Bottoms, chairman of Advanced Polymer Monitoring Technologies, a spinoff from Tulane University. “The problem is power. You can’t get things close enough together because of power density, so when you need high performance you have to keep the frequency low.”
“Your model is only as good as the data that goes into it,” said Arkalgud. “And then you keep validating it over and over and you come up with something reasonable.”
In a situation where per capita agricultural income has not been increasing and the stimulus from net exports has been waning, the need of the hour was an increase in the stimulus from government expenditure. But we find instead that government expenditure as a proportion of GDP has been declining over this period. The government in other words has been more keen to keep finance capital happy by restraining expenditure, than to sustain output and employment growth in the economy. And while this fact may not be manifest in the GDP estimates (because of the flawed methodology adopted of late for estimating GDP), it is certainly manifest in the employment figures. The number of new jobs created in the organized sector of the economy, which used to be about eight to nine lakh per year in 2010 and 2011 and which was nonetheless lower than the number of new persons seeking work, has now fallen to less than two lakh per year, which expresses the seriousness of the crisis.
“Indrani was very particular about matters like her social status and thought Sheena’s marriage plans could cause her embarrassment. Indrani was probably worried her real relationship with Sheena, which she had kept secret for so many years, would come out in the open,” the source told Hindustan Times.
The White House has kept a careful distance from the Justice Department prosecutions, but President Obama seemed unwavering in his support for them. When government transparency advocates told him in March 2011 that chasing whistle-blowers was sullying his record, the president disagreed, saying some disclosures had been very damaging to national security.
Over the last few years, we've covered President Obama's war on whistleblowers , including the fact that he's used the Espionage Act against whistleblowers more than every other President combined, which is really quite incredible when you think about it. The NY Times has tried to dig around and figure out why the Obama administration is so harsh on whistleblowers and comes up with a few different sources. The first one, the Times reporter actually buries pretty far down in the story: Senator Dianne Feinstein from California:Of course, as we've pointed out a few times, Feinstein, ridiculously, seems much more concerned about leaks than the government abuses and lawbreaking that those leaks reveal. That's quite incredible when you think about it.The second source -- also underplayed by the article -- is officials in the intelligence community itself, who the President and his top advisors seem somewhat in awe of, and rarely seem willing to push back on what they have to say:Basically, the long term intelligence insiders were sick of leaks -- such as the revealing of their warrantless wiretapping -- meaning that they actually have to answer to the public for overreaching into everyone's private lives. Given the combination of those intelligence agencies and Feinstein (who has always parroted whatever the intelligence agencies have to say), President Obama put his first Director of National Intelligence on the job of "solving" this issue of whistleblowers. And Blair apparently took to it with fervor, believing that the best thing to do would be to "make some examples" bypeople:While he's not literally talking about hanging someone, just the idea that they set out, purposefully, to "make examples" out of whistleblowers, is what lead to these kinds of massive overreaches and the chilling effects found today. The administration may think that's a good thing, because it keeps their secrets secret -- but it's also what's allowed massive abuses within the government to flourish with no one willing to blow the whistle.The next culprit outlined (and mentioned above) is Attorney General Eric Holder, who teamed up with Blair to craft a program that was focused on going after anyone they could very aggressively:So, rather than get the whole story, understand what's going on, the DOJ has a three-week deadline before moving forward withinvestigations on whistleblowing.The final person to blame for all of this: the President himself. As noted above, he seems to accept everything the intelligence guys tell him without question. And that leads to absolutely moronic claims like the following:The Times reporter doesn't dig into this, but that meeting from March 2011 was first written about in Jane Mayer's amazing New Yorker article about the ridiculous prosecution against whistleblower Thomas Drake . That was a case where Drake legitimately blew the whistle on fraud and abuse within the NSA -- and it was only in searching for who was behind a different leak, that investigators found a completely pointless document on his home computer, including details of some meeting schedules. The document was, but prosecutors said that Drake should have known it was actually classified (even though the documentdeclassified months later).That was clearly an extreme case of going after a whistleblower for being a whistleblower -- and yet when confronted on this, the President strongly pushed back against it and seemed to buy completely into the bogus claims his intelligence people were telling him about Drake. From the Mayer piece:Of course, Brian was exactly right -- Thomas Drake was exactly the kind of whistleblower President Obama claims he wants more of: the kind who reveal government wrongdoing in the form of financial shenanigans. And yet, he never seemed to recognize or acknowledge that Drake never revealed anything that jeopardized national security. Given how the various intelligence bosses -- from Blair to Keith Alexander to James Clapper (and their various predecessors who are now making tons of money working for private defense contractors bilking billions from the government on these issues) -- seem to have decided that they need to "hang" a few leakers, President Obama's failure to recognize that they've been using his support for this to hang true whistleblowers, rather than anyone who's harmed national security, means he needs to take the blame for this massive failure within his own administration.Brian was completely correct in her statements. These actions -- and the latest Snowden revelations of a President who seems to cave to the intelligence agencies at every chance -- really do a massive amount of harm to his legacy. But, tragically, the President appears to have a huge blindspot on that, not realizing how damning his war on whistleblowers has become.
He said the group would keep fighting the executive order until it’s permanently dismantled.
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
Going further down the line, once I had started chemotherapy, I was bedridden. I was unable to do little more than simply exist-- eating was impossible for the first week after having a round of chemo, as was drinking, and I often had to be taken to the ER or my treatment center to receive IV fluids because of the dehydration. As my strength left me, so did my ability to walk on my own for a long time. It was summer time before I was able to move around without needing assistance or a wheelchair. I was on numerous medications, I remember at least four being to combat nausea, as I was dry heaving every other minute or so for couple months-- I had my very own bucket I kept at my side, because I lacked the ability to use the restroom by myself.
I remember being hyped up when I realized the open beta was going to start in May. I had barely touched the computer much after my diagnosis, as I was just too exhausted all the time, but I had to try out Overwatch. All my friends had been excited for it, I was excited for it since I saw the cinematics on youtube, and I spent as much energy as I had that first day playing on open beta. In fact, it was my second FPS game I've ever played, next to TF2, and I had set my mouse sensitivity up to 100% without thinking about it and had thought that the game was too good for my computer because the screen kept changing so fast every time I tried to move!
But. Overwatch was there for me. Overwatch turned my bad days into good days. There were days where I simply had to mute my mic on discord because my throat was sore and worn out from laughing so much during Overwatch. Overwatch kept me happy during one of the worst periods of my life.
I'm prepping up for the rest of this year to be a tough one. And I'm turning back to Overwatch in my time of need again to help keep me happy. It's one of the few things I'll be able to do once all my treatments start up again.
So thank you, Overwatch team. Thank you for making such an amazing game. Thank you for making characters that I love to play and love to read about in the comics. Thank you for making event after event for all us players, and working tireless hours to create new content and facilitate old content. To keep in touch with your playerbase and constantly review feedback. To even go so far as change how the game works because of player feedback. That's one thing I'll always be grateful for, no matter how many decisions I may find a bit wacky. ;)
Their promises to registrants also kept changing over time. Pablo Escobar never owned an island in the Bahamas, and even if he had, the festival was located on an abandoned development site on a public beach near a Sandals resort. In an early pitch deck obtained by Vanity Fair, McFarland’s team claimed the festival had been given $8.4 million in land on Black Point in Exuma “in exchange for hosting the festival and promoting the island.” Though sources say McFarland and 24-year-old Margolin did look into buying a private island in December after the first wave of ticket purchases came in, they abandoned the plan because the location had no electricity, no water, and no space for more than a thousand or so revelers.
“We started getting paid as wires from Billy’s account and one time [in January] we got paid in a wad of cash. They didn’t have any money. They kept paying the influencers and the models,” the employee said.
It came as no surprise to me that our Government Ethics Chief, Walter Shaub, resigned a few weeks ago. I had the pleasure of listening to him speak and answer questions today at the NPC where he discussed the seriousness of what’s happening inside our White House, and to our country. He reminded us that ethics is “neither for or against a party.” The definition of Ethics, according to the dictionary, (because I think it’s time we’re all reminded), is “a moral set of principles that govern a person’s behavior or the conducting of an activity.” Synonyms include: morals, moral codes, values. What is right and what is wrong. Ideals and standards, virtues, dictates of conscience. Shaub expressed how important it was for journalists and for citizens to keep initiating conversation about the importance of ethics in the executive branch, that we cannot depart from our ethics and values, that departing from these norms means that we’re setting new standards of behavior (we all know now that Steve Bannon is apparently busy s*cking his own c*ck) as well as adding a level of fragility to our ethics agency.
Schaub also expressed extreme concern that this will become the new norm, and that it is up to US to keep SPEAKING OUT, remembering that of this IS NOT NORMAL.
In the meantime, Bugailiskis is advising dog owners to ensure they are kept leashed in the area.
The Japanese government are now spending an obscene amount of money to keep their outlaw fleet afloat.
Caldwell-Pope is making $18 million this season, and that keeps him out of a typical prison. According to the Times, the “pay-to-stay” detention center where Caldwell-Pope is serving his time brings in more revenue any other jail in Los Angeles or Orange counties, with wealthy DUI offenders making up most of its inmates. Based on an LA Weekly ad from 2013, the Seal Beach facility openly markets its flat screen TVs, computer and media room, and general cleanliness.
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
Marie wrote, “I’ve been accused of having a social media team that attacks LeeAnne and Tiffany, so let me set the record straight. I employ several people who help me with PR for my Signature skin care line RAGS2Riches by Marie Reyes in three different cities and I employ a young man, ONE young Millennial man, who helps me with my businesses’ social media accounts. He also helps me with social media, specifically Twitter, around the airing of this show. Surprise, I’m not the gif or photoshop queen, LOL! So, my social media “team” is a whopping one person (someone has to do the artwork and hit the send button) + me and my husband!” I can’t imagine that many people are hitting up Marie or regularly checking her social media pages for content. This is definitely not something that she needs an employee for. As I keep saying, she’s not even a Real Housewife.
The most amazing thing about this election is how the curtains have been drawn back and we see people for what they really are. I have never seen anything like it. Most of the political class thrives on deception and role-playing. For some reason, President Trump causes them to blurt out revealing comments and take actions, which reveal who they really are. It's almost like they can't help it. National Review and The Weekly Standard could have simply talked about policy and critiqued some of Trump's platform without anyone thinking a thing about it. Instead, they went all in with mocking and demonizing him and continue to do so today. Why did they do that? What keeps Ben Sasse and Paul Ryan posing as virtuous nebbishes who look down on their own voters? Why does John McCain tour the world like some second rate Bond villain, making snarky comments about the President and hanging out with dubious foreign characters? The democrats are in an even worse position, because they have been revealed not only as elitists but as completely insane. I don't care whether we are talking about Hillary, or Tom Perez, or Debbie Wasserman-Schultz; they come off as completely unhinged. It's the most amazing thing in politics I have ever seen.
The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed, 69-year-old lady is so desperate to keep her self-image alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition. Her longtime loyalists are so happy to bustle around her in the service of maintaining the illusion that, after she takes an hour away from it all to exercise, her communications director, Nick Merrill, breathlessly updates her on everything that’s happened in the political world in the last threescore ticks of the minute hand. Her profiler, Rebecca Traister of New York magazine, obviously a great admirer but one who declines to throw herself overboard from reality for the sake of giving Hillary more company bobbing about in the sea of fancy, writes that Clinton “listens to the barrage of updates, nodding like a person whose job requires her to be up-to-date on what’s happening, even though it does not.” Ouch. Hillary Rodham Clinton isn’t merely in a state of denial. She has become Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense. Politically speaking, she is dead, but she doesn’t know it. Her staffers are so many Haley Joel Osments -- too kind (and too attached to their salaries) to tell her that her career is over. She doesn’t need briefings. She doesn’t need to do interviews. She doesn’t need to write the book she is writing (after so many indigestible volumes, why bother with one more?). She doesn’t need to stake out a politically nuanced position on James Comey’s firing or scramble to get out in front of the Resistance parade. She lost two exceedingly winnable presidential campaigns in Hindenburgian fashion. There is no demand for her to run again and there is nothing left for her except to receive whatever ceremonial honors and sinecures may come her way. She has been handed her political retirement papers by the American people. She’s done.
Luke Rockhold was set to fight at the Stirkeforce finale this weekend but an injury prevented him from putting his belt on the line against Lorenz Larkin. And therein lies the problem with Rockhold — yes, he’s an incredible athlete and a fantastic fighter, but he’s also very injury prone, and we all know that you have to stay active and keep fighting if you’re to get a shot at a title in the UFC, because one injury puts you right at the back of the line (just ask Erik Koch or Rashad Evans about that). Still, Rockhold’s clearly one of the best middleweights in the world when he’s healthy, and he’ll likely have a lot of success in the UFC.
Let’s face it: Litter boxes are gross, even if they have covers on them. This elegant hack of IKEA’s EXPEDIT shelving serves both as storage and as a hiding spot where kitty can do his business. A little mat in the entryway keeps litter from getting tracked on the floor.
The Razorbacks kept possession of the ball in 2OT and took just three plays to punch it in. From three yards out Kody Walker ran it up the gut to put the Hogs back on top.
Needing a 2-point conversion to tie the game, Allen rolled out right —rolled some more, hesitated, kept rolling– before rifling it to Jeremy Sprinkle near the front pylon in the end zone.
Thank you to the @CapitolPolice and the work they do everyday to keep us safe — Rep. Chris Collins (@RepChrisCollins) June 14, 2017
And before anyone asks, there's no U.S. release date for Snowpiercer. Or Only Lovers Left Alive. Or Under the Skin. Or the long-awaited Knights of Badassdom. We'll keep you posted!
Not quite science fiction or fantasy: With Oldboy (Nov. 27), Spike Lee remakes the classic Korean film about a man kept locked up for 20 years.
It is the general consensus, however, the Cyr would have wiped the floor with Sandow, and Sandow, ever the astute businessman, and keen to keep his reputation as the world’s strongest man alive, was too shrewd to let this contest happen.
Very curious to see if the next tenants decide to keep their very own indoor subway train.
Cassini data on the slight wobble in the orbital motion of Enceladus backs up the idea that the ocean beneath its ice is global, a body likely kept liquid by tidal energies as the moon is pulled and squeezed by Saturn in its orbit. The same process is likely the cause of the cracks that allow ocean water to escape into space, from perhaps as many as 100 sites on the surface.
But the terms of the deal have been harshly criticised by human rights advocates, who claim that the new bill keeps in place the most harmful parts of the previous law.
On Iran, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney suggested that the U.S. government should make it “very clear that the United States of America is willing, in the final analysis, if necessary, to take military action to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.” Little did Romney realize that the AP is the final arbiter of America’s tactical military capabilities and can say with certainty that a military attack on Iran’s nuclear program should not be attempted. “The U.S. certainly has military force readily at hand to destroy Iran’s known nuclear development sites in short order. This is highly unlikely, however, because of the strategic calculation that an attack would be counterproductive and ultimately ineffective, spawning retaliation against U.S. allies and forces in the region, and merely delaying eventual nuclear weapons development.” Also fortunate for the savvy news consumer, the AP apparently has a better grasp of what America’s intelligence agencies do and do not know than Newt Gingrich, a man who used to be third in line for the presidency and has received countless classified intelligence briefings. At the debate, Gingrich suggested that there was room for improvement at America’s intelligence agencies, and noted in particular that we don’t have a reliable intelligence operation in Pakistan. The AP sprang to the defense of the CIA: “The U.S. killing of a succession of al Qaeda figures in Pakistan, none more prized by America than Osama bin Laden, demonstrates that the United States indeed gets vital and reliable intelligence out of Pakistan. While it may have been true when Gingrich left government in 1999 that the CIA’s spy network was limited, since 2001 the agency has dramatically expanded its on-the-ground operations worldwide,” the AP “fact check” concluded. The fact that bin Laden, the most wanted man on the planet, was living in a compound in Pakistan possibly for years may seem like a sign that our intelligence sources in the country leave something to be desired—but guess again, Newt.
“Our vision, together with Lisk, is to increase the visibility of this important platform. We aim to keep user needs at the heart of our approach and to make Lisk even more accessible to regular Internet users,” said Maik Fahldieck, Founder and Managing Director of Taikonauten.
Continue threading yarn through entire length of folded netting keeping the netting on the needle. This allows you to keep the fabric bunched to make it easier to finish the ends.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
He could also see a woman beyond the cubicle curtains, who kept twitching them to check on his condition.
But he somehow managed to keep his faltering grip on life. And when he eventually came to, I noticed at once that he looked very happy. My colleagues also remarked on this.
Fearing the news might jeopardise his recovery, his family had kept it from him. Poor Fred never learned the truth, and died a week later.
Two lesser-known after-effects of NDEs — reported by many researchers — are that some people develop a new sensitivity to electricity or have problems with their wristwatches. Sometimes they don’t even connect the fact that their watch can’t keep time — or stops altogether — with what they’ve been through.
One reason is: How do we grow pro players and give them the chance to shine and to show they truly are skilled? It’s wonderful to see all the best players of the world play and not just Korea—certainly the best of the best in StarCraft is in Korea, no doubt about it—, but there is a best of the best in StarCraft all over the world as well and we wanted to be able to put a spotlight on that, and I think that influenced our changes significantly. And at the same time we want people to realize that Korea is the best and we didn’t do a good job previously of promoting the tournaments in Korea, because it’s in a different time zone, in the west it’s really hard to follow—and those are the things we wanted to do better for Korea to really put a spotlight on ‘this is where the best players are, if you want to compete with the best, this is the place to go’. So WCS Korea is still open to everybody, is still a global tournament, but the reality of 'doing really well' is competing against the big bosses again and again. We want to rebroadcast it, talk about the stories more, tell people more about the players. Because if you have it mixed together it’s harder to follow the story. So you can’t really follow the stories of the other local heroes, because they’re not getting a chance to rise. It’s just too much to cover to keep it clear.
You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.
So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. Writer also known as TripleM | @TL_TripleM
You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.
So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think.
These kind of photos capture timeless moments, telling a story we can all relate to. And then posted online because, you know, why keep that intimate moment to yourself when you can show everyone what a great time you’re having? “Mmm sweetie, this is so delicious, you have to try some! Here, open wide…”
Last week, the DHS confirmed the large Nov. 15 attack traced back to a U.S. Customs and Border Protection internet gateway. But Kemp says the DHS’ story about its source keeps changing.
“It seems that there’s a computer that makes most of the decisions for you — it changes a lot of the rules, it removes a lot of the skill,” said Ken Koury, a competitive Monopoly player and coach who informally settles rule disputes for others. “With this computer, I’m wondering what’s left for the player to decide — is it they just keep pushing buttons and wait for someone to win?”
Hasbro has kept key social elements, like allowing negotiation for property.
Even despite all the concessions which the troika has extracted from the Greek government by using extreme pressure and blackmail, the deal has not been closed. A new meeting of the Eurogroup has been convened for Wednesday evening to iron out the last details. It is still possible that they will demand even more detailed commitments (read concessions) from the Greek government. Even this morning, the German Vice-chancellor Sigmar Gabriel declared “We will see if the Greek proposals are sufficient. If not, we’ll have to keep talking.”
That’s it, eleven things, plus a side dish, that have kept me motivated for two years now. Feel free to comment and add any other tips you think will help others stay on their elimination type diet.
‘I usually feel so safe and everyone says I’m a tank because I’m a hockey player and no-one ever messes with me, but now I feel so cowardly that I keep looking over my shoulder.’
Mr Trump explained that he would try to retain the measure that allows citizens to stay on their parent or guardian’s health insurance plan before they reach the age of 26. "We're going to very much try to keep that,” he later told 60 Minutes on CBS, which airs on Sunday night. “It adds cost but it's very much something we're going to try to keep.”
Additionally, we’ve set up a mailing list that will send out occasional emails about the future of the project; it’s a great way to keep caught up with the future of our projects. You can subscribe to the mailing list here: http://www.pixeltailgames.com/newsletter
Here’s some other ways you can keep in touch with us:
The trick, here, is that no Blue deck can realistically run with Henke and his Howling Mine. Today's counters, with the exception of Spell Snare, all cost as much or more mana than whatever Tobias would be playing or pointing. Furthermore, even the really heavy counter decks have maybe 16 appropriate answer cards, many of which are not permanent solutions to absurdly inexpensive problems. On the other hand, Henke is drawing two or more per turn, threatening all the way. The Blue deck, knowing it cannot keep pace defensively indefinitely has to at some point try to race.
Vore is a mana control deck that wants to keep the opponent at four or five lands so that when Wildfire hits, his mana base will be - hopefully irrevocably - crippled. Oboro and Minamo are generally played by control decks, decks that can fight Vore's land destruction and rob the deck of the tempo it needs to get the advantage required to win on Wildfire or Magnivore. Against these decks, Oboro and Minamo are just Strip Mine.
This was really puzzling to me when he brought it up. Barring the awesome combination of Paladin en-Vec plus Umezawa's Jitte, Lightning Helix is like the best card in the deck! It burns! It keeps you alive! It makes for great television! As usual, Pat, the quintessential Red Deck player in the United States, had a really good reason: If you cut Lightning Helix, you have all even damage.
First and foremost, Remand is cheap. Even if it is not a permanent counterspell, Remand answers a threat in the short term immediately and for just two mana. In this way, it is reliably, like Spell Snare, one of the only counters in Standard that is consistently less expensive than the card it is fighting. The cheap cost of Remand is a selling point in that Blue players can keep land light hands in the early game, buy a turn with Remand, and draw into additional lands. Because Blue players just need time to win (that is, they aren't being killed by a Scab-Clan Mauler), running this card as even a temporary measure gives them a tremendous advantage. Just countering a second turn Watchwolf against Zoo is often like drawing between four and seven cards for a Blue player because an unopposed Watchwolf might outright kill him... The additional time the Blue player buys with that little Remand literally gives him additional topdecks that he would not otherwise have.
One of the strong artifact interactions of the Kuroda-style Red deck that Josh Ravitz used to make Top 8 of last year's U.S. National Championship was Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast. Josh would flip the Top, and with the draw on the stack, sacrifice the Top to face the opponent for five. This didn't net card advantage, but it kept him even because even though the Top didn't actually make it to the top of Josh's library, the game still gave him a card. Two mana to deal five damage to a creature or player with no drawback and digging a card deeper in your deck? This is the kind of "little thing" that you have to know to get maximum advantage from your cards.
There’s some sick irony when teenagers with surnames like Noriego are learning how keep people, who were unfortunately born on the “wrong” side of some arbitrary and purely imaginary line, out of their country. And I can’t help but think that many of these children wouldn’t be here today if there had been a draconian border policy a cenutry or two hence in order to preserve America’s “Manifest Destiny”.
There are many possibilities, so please share your thoughts. I would like keep the price to the bare minimum (i.e. production costs) for everyone, so I am thinking something I could make with my sub-decent photoshop skillz, or if you submit your own work, please only do if you are content with a heartfelt thank you in exchange.
1. Apparently, Ohio is also passing an abortion ban, presumably to create the jobs they keep saying is their priority. Miri has the details and is encouraging people to call John Kaisich and tell him to line-item veto that provision from the budget bill. I encourage you to go over there and get the details on how. I just did, and I don’t even think modern Republicans ever give a shit about public opinion, but it didn’t hurt me. The part that gets me, however, is this bit:
The thing is, it sounds a lot like BDSM. However, my experience has taught me that I can’t trust that Christianists aren’t lying when they say stuff like “consensual”, and there is a question of whether a lifetime’s worth of being told that this is the natural order of things leaves a person in a position to meaningfully consent or not. However, giving the women involved in this the benefit of the doubt, I see nothing on their website about wives who want to exit this “consensual” arrangement, or merely drop that aspect of it without getting a divorce. I also see no mention of safe words and very little in the way of safety instructions to keep husbands from going too far (I suppose god will stop them?), which means it is very, very, very not BDSM. Essentially, as a Dom/sub relationship with a religious play component, this could be really hot. As a lifestyle with no escape routes, no safety instructions, and no apparent care for the lives of women who get into this other than value paternalistic nonsense, it sounds both dangerous and abusive, despite claims that it is not (because saying that something is not abusive/racist/homophobic/otherwise awful totes makes it true).
Earlier this year, Open Whisper Systems was served with a federal subpoena for records on its users, according to documents published today. Prosecutors were seeking data on two suspects who used Signal, an encrypted chat app produced by Open Whisper. Unfortunately for the government, Signal keeps only minimal logs on users, so the vast majority of the requested information was unavailable.
The prohibition against the flag’s use in ads is meant to keep consumers from thinking that the government endorses products. At least, that’s what the U.S. Department of the Treasury said at the time of the controversy. But the national code for displaying the flag, in effect since 1923, cites another reason for not depicting the Stars and Stripes on a beer label: The flag’s image should never be used on items that are customarily used once and tossed into the garbage, like napkins or candy wrappers. Trashing even a picture of the flag is considered an insult to Old Glory. Technically, postage stamps that portray the flag are also a violation.
We were in the right,” says Avery, “but I didn’t want to spend time in court. Some people might say, ‘I’m going to fight tooth and nail,’ but not me. The problem with trademarks is that you’ve got to spend a lot money to keep them.”
The recipe is penned in Washington’s notebook, kept during the French and Indian War, writes Hillary Brady for the Digital Public Library of America. The original notebook rests in the collections of The New York Public Library and details the 25-year-old Washington’s daily life as a colonel in the Virginia Regiment militia. The pages include lists of supplies, "sundry things to be done in Williamsburg," outlines for memos and letters, and on the final page, a recipe for "small beer."
1. Langtang Trek is perhaps the easiest and most enjoyable among Nepal treks taking you through the picturesque Langtang Valley. This particular trekking in Nepal adventure will take 9 days to complete walking about 4-5 hours daily. You will be able to trek through Langtang forests passing yak pastures and ending up in the Tibetan village of Langtang. Beware of the yaks as they might get aggressive and were known to push trekkers off the steep slopes. Stay safe and keep away from cliff edges.
15. “I keep an eye on you 24/7/365”
In answer to a question about what consequences the situation will have, particularly for London and Washington, Waqqaf assumed that both the US and UK governments are likely to turn a blind eye to this episode and keep it swept under the rug.
'I think he was actually doing some leg training - they do training with the panda every day keep him fit, but it looks more like martial arts!
Nakamura said she thinks the incredible moves were part of the bear's daily leg training which keep him fit
The bulk comes with a bevy of new upgrades for added ruggedness and flair. But the Gear S3 isn't meant to replace the S2. Instead, Samsung is looking to keep both in its product line -- last year's model toward people who prefer a sleeker style.
“It was like my mother was an angel on my shoulder and I was talking to her, asking, ‘What should I do?’ ” he told The Vertical. “I’m at the crossroads of my life. Should I hold this in and keep it to myself or should I open up and be selfless and help somebody that might get my story? Because if one person walks out of a theater and says, ‘I’m going to get help. I’m going to get a therapist,’ then I did my job.”
As far as people wanting Palin dead, I wish someone would ask Ailes who exactly wants Sarah Palin dead? It certainly isn’t Democrats. Sarah Palin remains one of the best fundraisers that the Democratic Party has. As soon as she gets involved in an election, donations to her endorsed candidate’s opponent skyrocket. Liberals don’t want Palin dead. She alternates between being unintended comedy and a source of shame for all Republicans on a daily basis. Palin makes all Republicans look bad. For that, Democrats are thankful that Ailes keeps her employed.
As long as Sarah Palin keeps getting media attention, Democrats will keep winning elections. Sarah Palin is the gift that keeps on giving, and there’s no way that Democrats would ever want that to end.
When the media deemed “Oregon Militia” took control over the Malheur wildlife center, Finicum reportedly opted to keep guard and slept outside in the cold January air in his sleeping bag with a rifle. During an interview with MSNBC from his little outpost at the refuge, Lavoy said he was “prepared to defend freedom.”
Undeterred, Mitchell and McHarg planned for retention ponds, golf courses and forest preserves to be in the most flood-prone areas. This accomplished two goals: it kept personal property away from low elevation sites and instead programmed a dual purpose for recreation on otherwise clement days.
The world already has a population of 7 BILLION. And that is with most couples in the "first world" nations only having a few kids per couple. Can you imagine if EVERYONE had 20 kids? Scientists are already in a panic because we have reached our limit for natural resources. They are now predicting major wars over water and land resources since we keep polluting them to attempt to provide for everyone on the planet. Without a major change, they are predicting major, terrible wars and mass starvation if something isn't done about our population. And yet.. these churches want you to constantly procreate.
“We are elated to welcome both Funko and GameStop to the Yu-Gi-Oh! family. We are impressed with both companies’ creative designs for new and engaging collectibles encompassing so many of our central characters and monsters,” said Coleman. “Yu-Gi-Oh! fans around the globe eagerly await each new licensed product introduction, which not only keeps the brand fresh and front of mind, but also serves to invigorate demand for all things Yu-Gi-Oh!”
One thing I’ve hated for a long time in Chrome is the downloads manager. There just isn’t an easy way to keep track of downloads once they’ve started. Sure, you get a downloads bar in the bottom of the screen. But if you hit the “Show all” button, it disappears. Then you’re left to search for the Downloads tab or dig down deep in the menus to find the downloads option.
Today, bankers are rearranging their chess boards, trying to figure out which companies may want to make moves, and which ones might be ripe for the taking. That has kept the bankers in technology and health care busy. Some of the top companies on everyone’s watch list include Alphabet (Google’s parent company), Amgen, Apple, Cisco, General Electric, Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Microsoft and Oracle.
The workshop is a collaboration between Wellington City Council and bike repair workshop The Mechanical Tempest, which have partnered with local businesses and community members to keep costs down.
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
So by utilizing the justice inside them, the Turtles trash the robots and win the day. Except they don’t win the day. The False Turtles were all a diversion orchestrated by the Shredder to keep them busy whilst he stole the Jewel of the Nile.
The HUD is kept discrete, with item icons only appearing when I draw close to something of use. Meanwhile, major, tangential decisions are indicated through a blinking butterfly symbol to the top-right. This is a bit of a fourth wall breaker, but it tells me that picking up a pair of scissors is a something of a breakthrough for Ashley's future prospects. Or perhaps not. My choice to play it confident and venture down to the cellars is a potential fork in the road too, but what if I'd taken a more cautious tact? And how significant were the fake newspapers I found planted in the corridor corner?
“We really did hope that, with Port now behind bars, the police would be held to account for their actions. The fact that after all this time we’re still no further forward is insulting and distressing for all the families. However, the MPS should know that none of us will ever give up their search for the truth and we will keep the pressure on.”
“We continue to keep the families of Anthony, Gabriel, Daniel, and Jack updated, as well as community stakeholders, and we are grateful for the information and insight that has already been provided to us. The investigation team is committed to providing them with answers to their questions and concerns, and will do so as soon as it can.”
Dr. Jeannot came up with the concept of Qi, following multiple demands from fellow entrepreneurs that were in the same technology incubator. Most start ups used Dropbox to back up and share their documents but recognized that it was lacking appropriate security. They needed a solution they could count on to secure their intellectual property and share sensitive files with advisers, investors, and VCs. They wanted to keep using Dropbox because it was easy, convenient and inexpensive but wanted more security. Keeping in mind that the user experience was also a top priority, Qi was born !
At this point, Qi is ready for production. Over the past 8 months, we've come a long way in the development and now have a production-ready solution. We need to refine our manufacturing process and place our first production order. Although we are ready for production, we need the necessary funding to mass produce the Qi secure token. A successful Kickstarter campaign will allow us to keep the per unit cost down which in turn will allow us to keep pricing at a reasonable level.
I want me back, and I've realized that every breath I take is blessed with a responsibility. A responsibility to raise awareness about life with lupus and the need for a cure. Every day, this is what keeps me going.
John Pickerel, who co-founded the Buckhorn Steakhouse in Winters in 1980, said instead of bemoaning their fate, restaurant operators will have to adopt better business practices. They can’t just keep pushing prices higher, because customers won’t accept it, he said.
“Ahh, the guys I play with cheat all the time,” he recalls Trump replying. “I have to cheat just to keep up with them.”
The Foamspace installation was composed of one hundred Geofoam blocks kept at the product’s standard size: 37” x 49.5” x 97.5.” Because the material was unaltered, it could be sold back to the supplier on the secondary-use market—the unaltered “building block” emphasizing the free circulation of physical matter on the emerging market for reused materials. Building on the 2013 IDEAS City Festival theme, “Untapped Capital,” proceeds were funneled back into Foamspace to fund a future project.
But many other women of color – especially black women – on the internet face the same abuse that Jones is now facing, and we will tell you that this isn’t a harmless prank, this isn’t about hurt feelings or even the sting of a racist comment. This is a deliberate campaign of abuse perpetrated on us to keep us off of the internet, and it needs to be taken seriously.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: I am Katie. This is Shane. We are from the Rocks Police. Alright, you approached us before and kept asking for lifts home and we asked you to leave.
CONSTABLE SHANE LINDSAY: I think it is part of the Australian culture to go out and have a drink. It's just knowing when to stop, when enough is enough. And people at the moment, they don't know it. And they keep going and keep going.
It's just like a rollercoaster. You've just got to keep picking yourself up and you've just got to keep saying, 'I'm doing this for Sam. I'm doing this so he can get back'.
“Rabbi, if I was good enough for Hitler, I’m good enough for you,” Jonas told the rabbi. Although Jonas was Jewish, he was reportedly in denial of this to a certain degree for most of his life. He had been taught by his father back in Hungary to keep his religious identity hidden. Or as his father put it, to keep his penis in his pants.
After you’ve read this book and tried the recipes, you’re going to be as hooked as I am. You’ll never crave fast food again, eating healthy foods keeps you feeling energized and full throughout the day. And the best thing, you’ll never ever feed your family with processed foods again.
Maxey later dropped out of Gallaudet. Over the next few years, he worked as a pizza-delivery driver, a mobile-car detailer, and a UPS unloader in Jacksonville, Florida, and attended a few classes at a community college. But his sink-or-swim immersion in deaf culture continued out of necessity: Around 2013, his hearing aids stopped working, and he remembers with a laugh that at the time he was too broke to fix them. He kept making videos, though, learning new song lyrics by turning the volume all the way up in his earbuds—and last summer, his ASL video for DMX's "How's It Goin' Down" went viral after it surfaced on Reddit.
Regime officials have said they intend to keep up their offensive until they regain control of border crossing points with Jordan. Rebels currently hold the frontier posts on the Syria-Jordan border, and expect Russian air strikes to target them soon.
Efforts to keep Russian air power at bay were made solely through diplomatic channels. Jordan, which entered into an intelligence-sharing agreement with Russia in October, believed it had struck a deal whereby Moscow would not to target western-backed factions and would, instead, coordinate with Amman in hitting hardline Islamic factions.
“The MOC was telling us how important it was for us to keep Sheikh Miskeen, they kept telling us ‘hold on, don’t give up’,” said a leading rebel commander, describing an increasingly desperate battle for the town.
In the wake of the defeat, morale in rebel ranks has been low. Nonetheless, the opposition to president Al Assad has vowed to keep on fighting
Mt. Pulaski has sustained itself, due to the hard-working residents that volunteer in the array of community organizations. These organizations strive to preserve the historical and social culture of Mt. Pulaski and keep the towns’ traditions vibrant.
After three years, anglers will be able to keep some Mille Lacs walleye
Trout I keep are generally:
Pence wants to indicate that the Trump administration plans to get tougher with Putin than Barack Obama did, which isn’t hard to do. Georgia will certainly be happy to get back on the US nat-sec radar screen, but this ploy has considerable risk for both Georgia and NATO. Putin has already demonstrated that he’s willing to roll troops over the border to keep the West from setting up camp on Russia’s borders, at least more than they already do in Poland. Putin just got slapped in Montenegro on NATO expansion, but that was a lower-stakes standoff as the Adriatic nation is far from Russian borders. On the other hand, it might serve notice to Putin that his attempts at provocations in the Baltic will get answered in the always-fractious Caucasus, and that the US will not sit still again for Putin’s claims of championing ethnic Russian enclaves elsewhere.
As the world braced for a possible core meltdown in Japan's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station, the U.S. Navy kept its helicopters flying to provide earthquake and tsunami relief.
Retired Capt. Jan van Tol, who commanded the Essex during the 2005 tsunami relief missions in Indonesia, explained that heavy-lift helicopters are needed "given the likely damage to coastal transportation infrastructure and the rugged Japanese terrain." He told Politico, "Essex is on her way up from Malaysia (means a week away...), and other big decks will no doubt be assigned. They're the real assets for this given their heavy helo lift capacity, though the carriers will no doubt get the headlines with their SH-60s. Remember that operating the heavy helos is not merely a matter of the deck space (of which the CVNs obviously have a lot more), but also of the aircraft maintenance capability needed to keep the helos operating (and I expect they'll be worked very heavily)."
Should TriMet decide to pursue the CNG bus technology it will require converting one of TriMet’s bus maintenance facilities to accommodate the CNG vehicles. TriMet’s Merlo garage is currently under consideration. CNG is kept under high pressure, so it will require implementing a new fueling system with associated safety and maintenance requirements in the shop. TriMet is considering a number of different options for how to fund this conversion.
Burning less fuel means fewer emissions and a more sustainable transit system. We are one of the most fuel-efficient transit providers in the country, thanks to our creative operators and mechanics who keep finding new ways to conserve fuel.
The HB Bridge is required, Nvidia claims, because the GeForce GTX 1080 cards pass so much data under heavy loads that older bridges just can’t keep up (the HB stands for “high bandwidth,” mind you). The company says the HB Bridge will transfer data at 650MHz on GeForce GTX 1080 cards compared to the 400MHz that older GeForce cards achieve with soft bridges, such as those that come bundled with a motherboard or GPU.
The president's arrival at his club on Friday created such a commotion that crowds at the U.S. Women's Open were asked to keep it down as golfers Lexi Thompson, Brook Henderson and Stacy Lewis approached the 15th green.
The inside fire resistant material will not catch fire, but please pay attention that the long time high temperature will cause the paper in the fire proof puch to carbide. So please flap side down and on the lowest level of your house (best place is in your cellar, but not in a wet place) that will be better to protect your improtant goods. Also please pay attention to the fire and keep away from the fire is the best way to protect eveything.
Two of these subsystems is the one that keeps track of the character's Personality and the other keeps track of Familiars.
The Personality subsystem simply keeps track of the unit's likings, reputation and other various personality traits, such as being sarcastic, evil, cruel, good etc.
The Familiar subsystem keeps track of when a unit is spotted, when such an event occurs a "snapshot" is taken where it saves the body properties, currently equipped gear and inserts that into a list of other snapshots. This data will allow for a very good way of exchanging information both between Player NPC as well as NPC NPC,
Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannGillibrand becomes latest candidate scrutinized for how she eats on campaign trail Trump will give State of Union to sea of opponents Yes, condemn Roseanne, but ignoring others is true hypocrisy MORE (R-Minn.) introduced her own bill to keep the entire pay freeze intact and said some legislative response is needed.
The deal does have a small silver lining: Tyson’s victory means that its competitor JBS — the largest meat producer in the world, which owns Pilgrim’s Pride — lost. “I like to keep my oligarchies all-American,” Leonard joked. (JBS is based in Brazil.) “But to be honest, what bothers me is the loss of local control. Local communities don’t keep the profits, and they lose control over their economies. And now that’s moved from the little chicken towns to an international scale.”
“It’s sort of ironic they got into trouble. She … should have denied the groups off the bat. But she kept them, kept looking at them, and the rest is history,” Streckfus said.
Kawecki, who left seven years ago, said even then the Cincinnati office, which processes most of the applications, was overwhelmed trying to keep pace: “The last year when I was there, we took cases from them and did them in the national office [in D.C.] because they were just swamped.”
We were especially impressed by the personal hand he applies to everything he keeps in his company - from reviving an old Eames lounger himself, to creating a dining table from his home's original ceiling beams.
“I don’t understand why she would write ‘I’m getting pulled over again’ in the same night,” Anderson says. “It just keeps resonating in my brain ‘again,’ ‘again’ … that’s just odd to me.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
"Dolores," replied Harry, unable to keep the vitriol from his voice. His muscles tensed against the bonds, itching to leap up and wipe the self-satisfied leer from the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.
The State Board of Canvassers was supposed to meet this morning to move forward on the recount. Schuette’s motion stops that, at least for now. There’s no guarantee Michigan Supreme Court will agree to bypass the Court of Appeals and go straight to a final and definitive ruling, but given the urgency of the situation - the Electoral College votes in 17 days - this thing can’t be dragged out indefinitely. By the way, even if the recount goes ahead, it’s unlikely to be the hand recount Stein wants. Secretary of State Ruth Johnson has noted that in any recount, the state has the discretion to decide how the recount is conducted - and she has every intention of doing a machine recount if she has to do one at all. Meanwhile, the Michigan Legislature is trying to push through a bill that would require future recount demanders to pay the full cost of the recount. That would not affect situations in which the race is so close that a recount is legally mandated. But that was not the case here. The race was close, with Trump taking the state by just over 10,000 votes, but that’s not mandatory-recount close. And the candidate who came within 10,000 votes of winning is not even the one who demanded the recount, although I would in no way be surprised if Hillary was hiding behind Stein’s skirt so she could claim she was “accepting the results” as she thundered against Trump for supposedly threatening not to do. By the way, I keep hearing people worried that if Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania start recounts as Stein wants, and don’t get them done quickly enough, all three states could lose their electoral votes entirely. This is apparently based on a quote from Michael Haas, administrator of the Wisconsin Elections Commission, from the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel:
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Tech progress may still be a bit fast for some, and with no “end game” endless technologies, the player is left with an empty research queue once everything has been discovered. There are ways to slow the pace of tech during initial game setup, should you find this is the case for you. I’d have loved to see a mechanic whereby existing weapons could be miniaturized or improved, so as to keep even early stage weapons somewhat useful ala MoO II.
StarDrive’s primary gameplay focus is on ship design and combat, not colony or trade management, and the limited options and automation available help keep things that way. If you’re looking for Civilization in space, you’re in the wrong place. If you’re looking for epic battles between hundreds of ships with lasers, cannons, fighters, and missiles flying everywhere, then StarDrive has exactly what you are looking for.
Also, keep an eye on the evolving securities laws surrounding crypto, particularly Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). There has been no overall decision yet by the SEC pertaining specifically to the classification of ICOs, though they have written a detailed report concluding that the DAO token sale did qualify as a security. For background on what the DAO was, the ensuing hack, and the SEC decision, click here. Before making the decision to participate in any ICOs make sure you speak with a lawyer and carefully consider any risk you may be assuming. Becoming independently familiar with the Howey Test and the family of related Securities Acts is a great idea for anyone looking to become a more responsible and informed investor.
That being said, it is doubtful that 2018 will be as explosive as 2017. There will be fewer stories of 6,500% percent gains. However, there will be extraordinary amounts of money to be made and hopefully, you all take advantage of it! It will be important to keep everything in perspective, from gains to losses and everything in between. We are poised on the edge of a blockchain revolution in many industries. Be smart, stay calm, and make some money.
The first award is the most important, and is assigned for the best overall combination of thermal and noise performance. Across all tested thermal categories – that’d be VRAM, MOSFET, and GPU diode temperatures – we found the ASUS Strix 1080 Ti (Amazon) to be the most consistent and impressive in its performance. Our review found that the Strix keeps its core temperature low, but also manages to keep VRAM and VRM thermals equally and proportionally low, which can’t be said for a lot of other coolers. A lot of this comes down to the mounting plates for the heatsink, and then the fact that ASUS is actually leveraging the mass of its 2.5-slot heatsink. Fin design, pitch, and density permit good airflow through the heatsink, and the shroud doesn’t trap the air inside of the cooler.
"I'm just doin' this s*** for survival, bro, until I can pull my family and myself in a better predicament to what I need to do," one member said. "We just trying to keep ourselves protected."
"It's worth it for you to keep these guns?" Diaz asked.
"At the end of the day, it ain't worth it. But you got 'em motherf*****s wanna go through a drive by, you know what I'm saying? And some innocent, little sister get shot. Guess what? Them and them guys coming back in. That's how the confrontation is going to keep going."
Until late September, the market had moved higher for most of 2014 as U.S. corporate earnings kept up record growth and the economy strengthened.
Still, she'd been (literally!) dragged here, and for some arsed reason, her best friend Merida kept raving about the place.
Merida scrambled up the steps beside her, arms windmilling to keep her balance and forward momentum. Opening the door first, Anna squinted into the darkened room, noting nothing but display cases and racks of-
"Life was hard, a struggle. We kept asking ourselves was he going to do it again? Weren't we good enough for him? I lost my dad that day.
Any hope of economic recovery was instantly squashed by the Wall Street Crash of 1929, striking a mere four weeks after Schober's inauguration. The Great Depression hit Austria even harder than most other countries. Austria still depended on regular foreign cash infusions, but credit quickly dried up as a result of the downturn. The government was successful in other respects, however. Most importantly, Schober neutralized the threat of Heimwehr revolt. On the one hand, he signalled willingness to meet Heimwehr demands for constitutional reform halfway, continuing negotiations where the Streeruwitz government had left off. On the other hand, he pointedly refused to include Heimwehr men in his cabinet and insisted that the new constitution be implemented legally, i.e. pursuant to the amendment rules laid down in the existing constitution. The new constitution would need the support of two thirds of the members of the National Council, meaning that it could not be passed without the assent of the Social Democrats. Schober invited Social Democratic representatives to join the talks and refused to be intimidated by the rallies the Heimwehr kept staging as a show of force. Eventually, a compromise was reached; the Council passed a set of amendments to the Federal Constitutional Law on December 7, 1929. The compromise significantly strengthened the power and prestige of the office of the president. It also altered appointment procedures to the Constitutional Court in a way that the Heimwehr thought would guarantee right-of-center majorities for the foreseeable future. The compromise was a disappointment for the Heimwehr and its foreign allies, and a victory for the Social Democrats, in all other respects.
Both Schober and Curtius knew that the Allies would not permit the union. France in particular would be vehemently opposed; the French were worried that German economic recovery would lead to renewed German military dominance. France, however, was known to be hatching its own plans for European economic unification, to be negotiated under the auspices of the League of Nations. Schober and Curtius hoped they would be able to convince Paris to permit their customs union in the context of these negotiations. They resolved to keep their agreement secret for the time being. When the agreement was leaked, France, as predicted, immediately vetoed it. Germany and Austria considered implementing the customs union anyway, but the sudden implosion of the Creditanstalt in May laid these plans to rest. The Creditanstalt was Austria's largest bank and controlled two thirds of its remaining industry. To prevent the total collapse of its economy, Austria now needed an immediate cash infusion in an amount that the struggling Reich was unable to muster. France agreed to help, on the condition that the customs union be abandoned and that Austria agree to have its finances audited by the League of Nations; Austria would also have to promise to implement whatever restructuring measures the League would subsequently recommend.
McKill’s affidavit also notes that the building, which lacks “internal barriers,” is used throughout the day for a variety of purposes, including “work, participation in educational upgrading classes, and correctional programs, visits, parole board hearings and telephone calls with counsel and legal advisers.” Senson, along with Toronto lawyer John Phillips, will argue that McKill’s affidavit should not be considered by the federal judge reviewing the media’s claim since it was not provided until legal action was taken. “The government was clearly trying to justify political decisions after the fact when it provided the court with its reasons for denying this interview with Omar,” Senson said in an interview Thursday. No date has been set for the federal court judicial review, which received widespread support from civil rights groups and other media organizations when filed this summer. “The government has repeatedly expressed its views on Mr. Khadr’s case and it is only fair play in a democracy that other voices — including Mr. Khadr’s himself — have equal air time,” wrote the Canadian Civil Liberties Association. A New York Times editorial stated: “The Canadian government should allow the interview and let Mr. Khadr, now an adult, share his perspective on his ordeal. The public has been kept waiting long enough.” Khadr has been in custody since the age of 15, after he was shot and captured following a firefight with U.S. and Afghan forces in Afghanistan. In 2010, he pleaded guilty to five war crimes, including murder for the death of Delta Force soldier Christopher Speer, who was fatally wounded in the 2002 firefight. He was transferred to Canada in 2012 to serve the remainder of an eight-year sentence as a condition of his plea deal. He has since said he accepted the deal only to be released from Guantanamo and has no memory of the firefight.
Since Cholo arrived we always refrained from making bold statements about our ambitions. Obviously our intentions are always to win, and for us, every match we play is a final whether it’s in the Champions League or La Liga. We are proud to be playing in the Champions League again and it’s a great time for the club. We will take every game as it comes, approach it with the mentality of a final and see what happens. This doesn’t mean that we don’t have big ambitions - I can assure you we do - but we prefer to keep them to ourselves [laughs].
One of the things that aggravated me for years is that overwhelmingly, emergency room patients aren’t emergencies. Most of the patients I see don’t need a doctor, their problems will go away without medical attention. For a long time, I resented the apparent abuse of the system, but I gradually came to realize that without those people, there wouldn’t be enough patients to justify an emergency room. This is true even of the largest ER’s. There just aren’t enough true emergencies to keep most ERs open.
After Davey smashed in a superb opener from the edge of the box, Slocombe made fine saves from Doyle and Armand Gnanduillet to keep the hosts ahead.
Eighth Position (querent’s environment and influence) : Strength : The environment and influence, gotta keep that in mind. This card is about being calm and having strong resolve. Its about patience. Its about being compassionate. Quiet determination. This is definitely how I should cope with my hostile work environment. The trick to this card is that its a gentle lady controlling the Lion. The Lion is not in control, it is the gentle woman. My imaginary goddess.
But I must keep my ear to the ground lest I miss her presence.
Rand argued that “life is the only phenomenon that is an end in itself” (VS, 17). She did not mean mere existence, but rather the life appropriate to the nature of the organism. No more ultimate value than life can be conceived for any given organism when life is defined as the fullness of existence appropriate to one’s nature. But not only is life the highest value of any given organism; life is also that alone which makes the concept of values possible (VS, 16). For, since a “value is that which one acts to gain and/or keep . . . it presupposes an entity capable of acting to achieve a goal in the face of an alternative” (VS, 15). Therefore, without life values are not possible, and so life must be valuable since on it hangs the very validity of the concept of values. If one is to conceive of values at all, he must ascribe value to life or else contradict himself by devaluing that which makes his very devaluation possible.
Do not say that you’re afraid to trust your mind because you know so little. Are you safer in surrendering to mystics and discarding the little you do know? Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hock-shops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error. (FNI, 178; AS, 982)
systems such as those processing insurance or membership information. Nonetheless, it is clear that our supplier’s security safeguards in this instance fell short of the high standards that we and our customers rightly expect. We know that our customers and the information security community expect and trust us to keep information safe and secure, and apologise wholeheartedly for what has happened. We will continue to work hard to keep customer data as safe as possible. We again thank those of you with an interest in these important matters for your cooperation in helping us improve our data security. Thank you.
Edit @ 19:00: PokéPark Wii In The Games Department Pokémon Sun & Moon The official Japanese Pokémon Twitter has confirmed that brand new information for Pokémon Sun & Moon is to be released on June 2nd 2016. It's not currently known what information will be revealed at this time but the second we get any more news it'll be posted right here so be sure to keep checking back. For all currently known information, check our Sun & Moon section In The Games Department PokéPark Wii - Pikachu's Adventure For those of you in North America, the Wii title, PokéPark Wii: Pikachu's Adventure is to hit the Wii U eShop tomorrow for $19.99. This game came out back in 2009 for the Wii and is an Action/Adventure game where you play as Pikachu as he explores the PokéPark, playing mini-games along the way. We covered this game in full back in 2009 so click the image to go to our section. Until Next Time, See Ya
Crutcher didn't respond, simply dropping his head while continuing to look at Shelby, "kind of under his brow," Wood said. Crutcher then began to put his hand into his left pocket, Wood said, adding that Shelby told Crutcher, "Hey, please keep your hands out of your pocket while you're talking to me. Let's deal with his car."
You’re never going to get all of the nutrients you need from the same foods everyday so make sure you’re mixing up your diet. Not only will this help to ensure you are getting all the right kinds of nutrients you need but it will also help to keep your meals interesting. Nobody is ever going to stick to a really restrictive diet so make sure you vary it up a bit to ensure you stick to your goals.
Once you have their money, you never give it back. (“The Nagus” [DS9]) Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to. (“The Maquis, Part II” [DS9]) Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. (“The Nagus” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]) Keep your ears open. (“In the Hands of the Prophets” [DS9]) Small print leads to large risk. (Legends of the Ferengi) Opportunity plus instinct equals profit. (“The Storyteller” [DS9]) Greed is eternal. (“Prophet Motive” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Anything worth doing is worth doing for money. (Legends of the Ferengi) A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along. (“Melora” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. (“Heart of Stone” [DS9]) Satisfaction is not guaranteed. (“Meridian” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Never place friendship above profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) A wise man can hear profit in the wind. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money. (“Acquisition” [ENT]) There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9]) Never insult a Ferengi’s mother. Insult something he cares about instead. (“The Siege” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) It never hurts to suck up to the boss. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) War is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Siege of AR-558” [DS9]) Peace is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Perfect Mate” [TNG]) She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) Profit is its own reward. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never confuse wisdom with luck. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t trust a man wearing a better suit than yours. (“Rivals” [DS9]) The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Never ask when you can take. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Babel” [DS9]) Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. (“Armageddon Game” [DS9]) There is no substitute for success. (Legends of the Ferengi) Free advice is seldom cheap. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Keep your lies consistent. (Legends of the Ferengi) The riskier the road, the greater the profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “Little Green Men” [DS9], “Business as Usual” [DS9]) Win or lose, there’s always Huyperian beetle snuff. (Legends of the Ferengi) Knowledge equals profit. (“Inside Man” [VGR]) Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum. (“Civil Defense” [DS9]) Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (“The Homecoming” [DS9]) Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge. (Legends of the Ferengi) The flimsier the product, the higher the price. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never let the competition know what you’re thinking. (Legends of the Ferengi) Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits. (Legends of the Ferengi) Females and finances don’t mix. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9], “Profit and Lace” [DS9]) Expand or die. (“False Profits” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]*) Enough... is never enough. (Legends of the Ferengi) Every man has his price. (“In the Pale Moonlight” [DS9]) Trust is the biggest liability of all. (Legends of the Ferengi) Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever. (“The Jem’Hadar” [DS9]) Sleep can interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Faith moves mountains... of inventory. (Legends of the Ferengi) There is no honor in poverty. (Legends of the Ferengi) Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack. (“Rivals” [DS9]) Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9], “The Darkness and the Light” [DS9]) Never have sex with the boss’s sister. (“Playing God” [DS9]) Always have sex with the boss. (Legends of the Ferengi) Everything is for sale, even friendship. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) You can’t make a deal if you’re dead. (“The Siege of AR-558” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Wives serve, brothers inherit. (“Necessary Evil” [DS9]) Only fools pay retail. (Legends of the Ferengi) There’s nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Know your enemies... but do business with them always. (Legends of the Ferengi) Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money. (Legends of the Ferengi) Hear all, trust nothing. (“Call to Arms” [DS9]) Never cheat a Klingon... unless you’re sure you can get away with it. (Legends of the Ferengi) It’s always good to know about new customers before they walk in your door. (“Whispers” [DS9]) The justification for profit is profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. (“Little Green Men” [DS9]) Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success. Don’t hesitate to step on them. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach. (“The Maquis, Part I” [DS9]) You can’t free a fish from water. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9]) Always know what you’re buying. (Legends of the Ferengi, “The Abandoned” [DS9]) Beware the man who doesn’t make time for oo-mox. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Profit and Loss” [DS9]) Latinum lasts longer than lust. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) You can’t buy fate. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never be afraid to mislabel a product. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) More is good. All is better. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wife is a luxury. A smart accountant is a necessity. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t let doubt interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) When in doubt, lie. (Legends of the Ferengi) Deep down, everyone’s a Ferengi. (Legends of the Ferengi) No good deed ever goes unpunished. (“The Collaborator” [DS9], “The Sound of Her Voice” [DS9])
Carefully and gently wipe over your baby’s nappy area, paying special attention to skin folds. You can use a wipe, or warm water and a cloth or cotton wool. For girls, wipe from front to back, to keep germs away from the vagina. For boys, clean around the penis and testicles, but don’t pull back the foreskin. Check for nappy rash.
In the meantime, though, she kept on working with her husband, Gregory Hess, where she was an office manager at the business he owned - Keystone Restorations.
Apollo XV almost came to ruin the second it touched down. NASA had strict rules about how sharp an angle was safe for a LEM landing, and a 15-degree slope was the absolute maximum. Any steeper and liftoff could be compromised. The moon’s Hadley-Apennine region was treacherous, however, and the 10-degree incline of the landing spot was the best the crew was able to find. NASA was happy to release images of the Apollo XV LEM photographed from the front, but profile shots were kept under wraps.
As late as 2014, when the GOP won back the Senate, McConnell stated, “We certainly will have a vote on proceeding to a bill to repeal Obamacare. … It was a very large issue in the campaign. We’re certainly gonna keep our commitment to the American people to make every effort we can to repeal it.” Then he backed off a little: “It is a statement to the obvious, however, that Obama — of Obamacare — is the president of the United States, so I don’t want people to have [unrealistic] expectations about what may actually become law with Obama — of Obamacare — in the White House. But we intend to keep our commitment to the American people.”
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
The processor loads the memory location (32 bits) as shown above into its register. The counter will get incremented by operating on the register, and then the whole 32 bits will get written back to the memory location. However, if x was updated by some other thread, it would get overwritten right? Surprise! It does not! This is because the language states that two unrelated variables should behave independent of each other. The language guarantees, and the compilers help keep sanity in a programmers life.
On Dec. 18, the Fed announced that in January it would start tapering its purchases of treasury bonds and mortgage-related securities by $10 billion a month, down from $85 to $75 billion per month. It also hinted that it would keep on tapering, possibly at a rate of $10 billion per meeting of the Federal Open Markets Operations Committee. The Fed also said that interest rates are unlikely to increase before the unemployment rate declines below 6.5%.
Is that strange? People who supported quantitative easing would argue that nothing is happening because the program has been quite successful. In their minds, this is similar to what happens when, after a successful recovery from a surgery, the patient walks happily away while the physicians dismount the equipment that has kept him alive. Before coming to this conclusion, however, we must ask ourselves, what did quantitative easing do for Main Street? Did it actually help to keep the patient alive?
Unless you believe in Voodoo, you will want to identify the means through which quantitative easing transmitted its possibly beneficial impact to Main Street. We can think of two ways. One is increased availability of credit. The other is lower long-term interest rates. Common sense and economic theory suggest that the two are linked. Larger amounts of credit lead to lower interest rates and lower rates lead to larger amounts of credit. On this basis, we should look only to one of the two variables. Yet, Fed distinguished between the two in its rhetoric, even if the open market operations are based on the supposition that they are linked as the Fed buys credit instruments to lower interest rates. The reason for this distinction seems to be that the Fed controls the short-term interest rates, not the long-term ones, through its conventional open market operations. When the crisis exploded, the Fed was able to lower the short-term rates to practically zero, but the long-term ones remained aloft. Quantitative easing increased the purchases well beyond what was needed to keep the short-term rates close to zero. It also aimed at reducing the long-term rates by purchasing long-term instruments in the market, including agency mortgage-backed securities ($600 billion between 2008 and 2009 and $40 billion per month since September 2012.)
The effectiveness of the Fed in keeping low the long-term rates seems to be waning, however. As shown in the next chart, the long-term interest rates have been increasing as of late (those of the US bonds since June 2012 and those of mortgages since February 2013) even if the short-term rates have been flat and close to zero. The mortgage rate has gone up from 3.4% to 4.5%, and the 10-year US Treasury bond rates from 1.6% to 2.9% since those dates, reversing the trend these rates had shown since the beginning of quantitative easing at the end of 2008. That was embarrassing. Quantitative easing was not able to keep the long-term interest rates low. Maybe it was time to quit before this became too obvious.
Thus, perhaps nothing has happened after the Fed announced the end of quantitative easing because the program didn’t do anything except unnecessarily increase the liquidity reserves of commercial banks and help to keep the long-term interest rate low in the first few years of the program—something that recent evidence suggests it can no longer do.
Of course, the fact that to this date nothing has happened does not necessarily mean that nothing will happen in the longer run. The problem will not come from the amount of money in circulation. The banks have enough excess reserves to submerge the world in currency. Yet, if the interest rates keep on increasing, and everything suggests that they will keep on doing it, many activities that have been profitable at the low interest rates will fail, and this will negatively affect the financial system. Depending on the magnitude of the adjustment, the coming event will be just financial turmoil or a full fledged financial crisis.
Now, you can ask yourself, why getting into all this, risking inflation and financial turmoil just to have money parked in the Fed? Well, keeping the banks artificially liquid may be useful to keep insolvent banks artificially alive. Maybe this was the secret purpose of quantitative easing. Maybe the idea was to keep them liquid while they cleansed their bad loan and investment portfolios. However, for most of the life of the program, the monetary authorities have insisted that the banks were quite solvent.
“There was a man who just whispered – kept it pretty quiet – he said ‘I’d just like to pay for the lounge’s bill, if that’s possible, if we could do that.’ At first I was taken aback by it, but I was like, ‘I think we can make that happen.’
The recent Wikileaks dump of what it describes as the entire hacking capacity of the CIA indicates our intelligence agencies are unable to keep secrets. The CIA has responded with harsh words for Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. But Assange is merely a symptom. The Deep State bureaucracy is the disease. When foreign governments examine the Wikileaks dump, they’ll be perplexed: some of the software will be superb, but so much will be nonsense that they’ll wonder if they’re the victim of a disinformation campaign.
LWN.net needs you! Without subscribers, LWN would simply not exist. Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
...the main hazard associated with tritium is internal exposure from inhalation or ingestion. In addition, due to the relatively long half life and short biological half life, an intake of tritium must be in large amounts to pose a significant health risk. Although, in keeping with the philosophy of ALARA [As Low As Reasonably Achievable], internal exposure should be kept as low as practical.
Also remember you may need to clear the floats on the parent element to keep the document flow happy.
If you’re interested in more Reception Perception analysis, make sure to visit our Reception Perception pages for college prospect evaluations and pre-order The Ultimate Draft Kit for access to 50 NFL players’ full data this summer. You can keep up with all of the work using the #ReceptionPerception hashtag on Twitter.
Eventually I did invest some of it, putting it into another small business that was struggling, but they had a great product and I sensed a lot of potential. My investment kept them, and their 4 FTEs running for another couple years but in the end they liquidated and I lost my entire investment. That represented about 25% of my saved capital at the time.
While Justin Trudeau is riding his high horse about small business owner tax cheats, he keeps his “family fortune” in a number of numbered companies which are not affected by the proposed tax changes.
Thanks to the DHS, Americans have faced a substantial abridgement of their civil liberties and have come to view law enforcement activity that would have been unthinkable 20 years ago as routine. In the name of security, the DHS has created greater latitude for search and seizure, increased the number of people in prison—particularly people of color, with the number of black men in prison now exceeding the number of slaves kept in the United States in 1850—and attracted substantial criticism.
I've custom built my own 3D printer, and have been turning out print after print of my prototype case design; but this process is slow... Very Slow. Every case takes me an hour and a half to print. Which means I have to keep the costs high to keep demand low.
The Douglas designers of course hoped to dazzle the Air Force with possibility, but no matter how much versatility they put into the 1211-J, it wasn't enough to interest LeMay, who kept pushing for the more practical, turbojet-powered B-52. In the spring of 1951, Air Force chief of staff General Hoyt Vandenberg approved the Boeing proposal. Given the stupendous—and ongoing—career of the B-52, this was certainly a wise decision.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
The little tuft of hair on the top of Ahlbi’s head is meant to resemble Maya’s top knot, and shows a point of intersection between the cultures of the Kingdom of Khura’in and Kurain Village. There are a number of these shared traits between the cultures of Khura’in and Kurain Village sprinkled throughout the game and in the designs of the characters, so keep your eyes peeled as you play and see how many you can find! Words like "Your Benevolence" and "Your Magistry" are titles we use to substitute for the fact that in English, you call people by titles to show rank and respect. The word “magistry” is not a real word, but a mashup we created of “majesty” and “magistrate” to give the judge an aura of authority in his courtroom.
Things got out of control at the @ufc 179 media day in brazil. Good thing I was there to keep the... http://t.co/fqStqa5Sq1 — Phil Davis (@PhilMrWonderful) August 26, 2014
I have to laugh at the way my mother keeps referring to my time on TUF as when I was 'on my holidays'. It sure wasn't any holiday :) #tuf20 — Aisling Daly (@aisydaly) August 26, 2014
As a senior security official in post-Soviet Russia, Putin kept on his desk a bronze statue of “Iron Felix” Dzerzhinsky, founder of the Soviet secret police and terror apparatus. At Putin’s May 7, 2000, presidential inauguration, a choir sang a composition “written in 1836 to celebrate a soldier’s death in the war against Poland and rewritten in Soviet times . . . to remove the homage to the tsar. For Putin, the choir sang the Soviet verses.” There was the 2006 assassination in Moscow, on Putin’s 54th birthday, of the troublesome journalist Anna Politkovskaya. (Asked about the frequent deaths of anti-Putin journalists, Donald Trump breezily said, “I think that our country does plenty of killing.”) And the 2006 poisoning in London of Putin’s antagonist, Alexander Litvinenko, using radioactive polonium 210.
There’s clearly a widespread myth out there that this brake is somehow only supposed to be used when the car is already parked. Yes, you’d normally never ever use this brake to actually stop the car, and yes, you primarily use it to hold the car in position while it is parked. But think about it, if it doesn’t bring the car to a stop while it is moving, then how can it possibly have enough holding power to keep the car from rolling down a hill? Simple answer: It doesn’t!
Lots of peoples’ parking/emergency brake is in poor repair because of several factors: 1) Steel cables are used to operate the parking brake, instead of hydraulic lines. Steel will stretch and rust over time, giving you less effective braking power. 2) Rear drums have an auto-adjuster which is supposed to keep the pads near the drum surface. But this auto-adjuster can freeze and no longer extend the pad to make up for wear. 3) Automatic transmissions with a prawl on the output shaft have made many think that the parking brake is redundant. (which is true to some extent, but does not eliminate the need)
He had heard about this particular case, he said, from the judge who handled the annulment. Or perhaps (he later admitted) a judge who was "familiar with the case". Britain's top family judge, Sir Mark Potter, has never heard of the story. And, as the excellent Heresy Corner blog notes, the whole thing is statistically improbable, procedurally implausible (for 40 years, adoption practice has been to keep twins together) and based on the equivalent of a friend in the pub saying, "Hey, I heard the most amazing story the other day."
Key player: Mitchell Paige may not be the home run threat that some of Indiana’s other wide receivers present, but he’s the player that opponents would be wise to keep on their radar. He leads the team in receptions and has used his slippery running style effectively whether he’s catching passes, running sweeps or returning punts.
"Our place in his business empire appears to underpin the rest of it. The eternal optimists keep thinking he's going to reach a point where he says 'I'm going to invest in players, and we're going to plan to be successful.'
"Because there's only one Newcastle United I think there's a reliance on fans as cash cows to keep supporting the club come what may.
"I think there's been a calculated business decision to keep milking that cash cow without generating the football returns that people expect."
She kept up her crusade, appearing on a panel a week after the initial hacking message to discuss her research on Manafort with a group of Ukrainian investigative journalists gathered at the Library of Congress for a program sponsored by a U.S. congressional agency called the Open World Leadership Center.
I’m hoping to hear more about what this means for Fraser and how he fits within the Kings’ plans, but keep in mind a much firmer sense will be had after the lifting of the trade freeze and with any hypothetical trades.
When she announced she was quitting, the team leader changed tack because she wanted to keep Lam on. “She [the team leader] said she could compensate me for all the annual leave days owed to me if I chose to stay” Lam recalls.
At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:
Aren't willing to fold hands that are strong at the early stages, but turn into weak hands when Villain keeps reraising
We'll define a model for this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.
Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.
Then we can also drop 5-bet-bluffing against this tight player, as discussed previously. The simplest adjustment is to keep 3-betting our 5-bet bluffing hands A5s/A4s, but we move them from the value range down to the 3-bet bluff range, and fold them to a 4-bet. The only hands we 5-bet against this player and his {QQ+, AK} 4-bet range is {KK+}, purely for value.
Again, when you are the raiser, everything follows from your ranges, and you can do this work once and for all (assuming you have a well-defined set of default core opening ranges) and memorize it. Then you can play optimally from out of position, and sniff around for opponent leaks. If you don't find any, keep playing optimally. If you find some exploitable leaks, think about how you can adjust to increase your EV. But you don't have to adjust until you are sure. Remember, if you are playing optimally and your opponent isn't, you gain from his mistakes (although you might gain more by switching to an exploitative strategy).
The nest step of the process is the most interesting one. When you have trained optimal play, you will discover that it's now much easier to spot opponent mistakes. For example, when you come across an opponent who doesn't 4-bet bluff (and these are common at the low limits), you immediately know that this is a leak, and you know how to exploit it. Tight and straightforward players who refuse to 4-bet bluff can be exploited by 3-betting a lot, and not 5-bet bluffing at all. You can 3-bet a metric fuckton of bluff hands, and when they finally pick up a hand good enough to 4-bet, you fold all your bluffs and ship a tight value range (sometimes as tight as {KK+}). Just keep an eye on the other players to see if they are trying to exploit your loose 3-betting (tighten up a bit if they do), and you'll do very well in this spot.
The first thing you have to realize when you are playing optimally, and then spotting a leak, is this: It's not necessary to deviate from optimal play to benefit from his mistakes. If you keep playing optimally, and your opponent doesn't, you will win from him in the long run, period. The question is now whether you should deviate from optimal play yourself, in order to win more. If you have a clear idea about how to exploit your opponent maximally, by all means go ahead and make the adjustment.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
In 1970 AMK merged with United Fruit Company, and adopted the name United Brands. Black became chairman, president, and CEO. At that time, United Fruit was importing about a third of all the bananas sold in the US and owned the Chiquita banana brand. But Black soon discovered that United Fruit had far less capital than he had believed. The company soon became crippled with debt. The company's losses were exacerbated by Hurricane Fifi in 1974, which destroyed many of its banana plantations in Honduras. In 1974, United Brands reported losses of $40 million for the first three quarters of the year. Black struggled to keep the company solvent, and in December United Brands announced that it was selling its interest in Foster Grant, Inc. for $70 million.
Mike: I think you can keep going in that direction to from your talking about LSD in you come back from a DMT trip when you’re not so sure you’re not living in a really convincing hologram.
Duncan: And throwing away the manual. It’s like hey, when you’re handling this plutonium you should definitely be wearing some kind of, you should be behind several shields of led. You know but never got some b******* scientists nonsense you know. So that’s the chapel perilous you can get pulled into a thing that is really fun at first but can become a little it’s like how much do you want the university wink at you, how much do you want in adversity to say hello. I’m not going to keep going on with this rant but I had a friend recently who had a rather profound psychedelic experience that was not pleasant at all. And he was running through the experience with me and in the beginning he said you know I ate the mushrooms and then I invited the universe to come and tell me what the universe needed to tell me and then he went to like a bar or something and I’m like wait, you invited the universe to come and talk to you at a bar? Like really? You invoked the universe you’re only saying the universe, eating this is psilocybin, you had an intention of connecting to the intelligence of the univers to tell you something and then you go to a bar. I didn’t say it like that, the message I was trying to put through but I’ve been doing the same thing. Guess what, sometimes the universe answers your invitation and when the universe comes to you, look at the universal Farm Chapter 7 of The Bhagavad Gita I think it’s Chapter 7 where Krishna reveals himself to Arjuna and Arjuna is describing Krishna. The saints throughout the universe are bowing down to you like praying, an infinite number of arms and eyes and mouths and we know, the light emanating from you is brighter than a billion Suns and I see all humans being devoured in your mouth and this is the Oppenheimer quote but „Hello, I have become death, destroyer of worlds“ at the very end of that chapter Arjuna says to Krishna ( I’m definitely going to like abbreviate what he says but the essence of it is) could you please go back to normal form Krishna, please.
Duncan: That’s what karma is. Now i get to be around this shitty thing that I Created some time ago, like oh, you grew up fast, wow you’re just a tiny little bit of bad luck. Now you’re a big big big boy, you grew fast. Well, instead of letting you trigger my procedure of habituation that is defined my entire life about another’s point maybe this time I won’t react in the way I did before and then you can start cleaning it up a little bit for sure. But yeah I’m thinking about the karmic implications of your actions there is definitely a great thing to do especially when it comes to magic because it’s all, you know, imagine you did discover that as we’ve talked about earlier that the universe is actively attempting to keep people asleep for whatever reason. Not even like some cabal of bankers but some fundamental aspect of the universes hypnotic in attempts to keep people in a state of never ending obituations that they never really wake up to their true identities. Well if that’s the case then you certainly do have a lot of power over people if you’re even slightly awake. I mean just literally waking up in a room full of sleeping people. The kind of power you have over them is so extreme.
Duncan: But you know what? Maybe at the time of death of achieve this thing that you’re talking about self acceptance and some subsequent self love then when I love that runs through you you can love it just like you were loving yourself when you were in the human incarnation. That’s maybe why the practice is so important so that when that life review comes, did you know what, maybe the person who does the life review, the judger. You know there’s talk about them at the gates of Heaven, the entity that determines where you go maybe that’s the crazy thing is that it’s just yourself who decides by gazing upon what you did, you know what you didn’t pass. You’re the professor and the student. You didn’t pass the class this time. Let’s do it again, let’s keep doing it till we pass but keep doing. I don’t know. Let’s hope that it is and not some oblivion even though oblivion can be be cool too. S**t guys I’ve got to move. It’s eleven thirty, i’ve got to get back to work. I’ve got so much to do today.
Samsung has already beaten other manufacturers by being the first to use 3GB of RAM (on the Galaxy Note 3), and 4GB of RAM would be the next logical step. Personally, I hope that the Galaxy S5 does have 4GB of RAM, as 3GB of RAM hasn’t exactly provided the boost in multitasking I thought it would on the Note 3, all thanks to all the unnecessary stuff TouchWiz and Samsung’s add-on features keep running in the background, so another gig of RAM would go a long way towards actually showing some advantages of having more memory than normal.
Minimum wage increases also lead to inflation. If entry-level workers are paid a certain rate higher than they currently do, employees who have spent years acquiring skills to earn their keep at their company will certainly want a raise as well. In addition, if the wage differences between lower and higher tiers in a particular company are not distant enough, employees may become complacent in the lower job, knowing that the small increase in pay is not worthy of the extra effort.
Read below for Oswalt’s one-man campaign to keep Trump in the running.
From a different angle, but with the same logic, the left has already played this game with Obama. Since there’s a powerful right-wing that continues to defame the President, many liberals and leftists have kept their mouths shut about Obama’s crimes, hoping to quell some of the illegitimate attacks. This has resulted in disastrous policies being swept under the rug for fear of being perceived a racist.
The squat is foundational to the Olympic lifts as a position, a movement and a strength exercise. Without a well-developed and consistent squat, neither pulling technique nor pulling power will produce entirely successful Olympic weightlifting. The great natural physical variation among athletes dictates that there will never be a universally perfect prescription for body positioning, but irrespective of this variation, the fundamental principles remain consistent. Continued reliance on them will ensure that modifications from the strict prescription are rational and sound instead of haphazard and likely improper.Because the squat, more so than any other element of the lifts, will be affected by temporary impediments such as limited flexibility, a greater deal of modification will be necessary and allowable during an athlete’s advancement. However, even in the cases of lifters for whom the strictest positioning prescription is initially impossible, this prescription will remain the ultimate goal, and continued efforts toward that end should be made.Be cautious of defying the underlying principles with the excuse of individual variation—often this is inappropriately cited when the actual cause of an athlete's inability to adhere to these prescriptions is entirely correctable over time, such as flexibility-related limitations or simply stubborn habits. It's necessary to critically evaluate each athlete individually to make accurate determinations—avoid allowing an athlete to continue poor habits due simply to laziness or frustration with slow progress and, more importantly, increase the risk of injury.The depth of an Olympic squat should not even be a topic of discussion, but because there has been and continues to be discussion among coaches and athletes in sports outside of weightlifting, it warrants at least clarification: proper depth is full depth; full depth means full depth. That is, full depth is not parallel, nor is it breaking parallel—it is squatting to the lowest position possible without surgical alteration of body parts while maintaining correct posture. To simplify, we want to close the knee joint maximally while maintaining a correctly arched back.Depth is measured by the position of the hips, and the depth of the hips is governed by the position of the knees, the degree of dorsiflexion of the ankles, the absolute and relative lengths of the upper and lower leg, the horizontal position of the hips relative to the feet, the width and degree of external rotation of the feet, and the mass of the upper and lower legs. These factors are largely interdependent, and a change in one will typically effect change in others.If the knees are prevented from moving forward over the feet, as is taught by many coaches and trainers, the hips must travel farther back behind the feet. With the hips behind the athlete’s base, the torso must be inclined forward to a greater degree in order for the athlete’s center of mass to remain balanced over the feet. If the hips are lowered from this position, flexibility will restrict the spine’s ability to remain correctly arched, forcing the athlete to curl forward, again to remain balanced. For what should be fairly obvious reasons, neither of these positions will allow the safe and effective support of a barbell in the positions it must be received in the snatch and clean. (Note that very short-legged athletes will be able to achieve a proper squat depth and position without the knees passing significantly forward of the toes.) Moving the knees in front of the toes is not a goal itself, but something that must be allowed to happen in order to achieve the depth and trunk orientation we need.Inadequate ankle flexibility can also result in the knees remaining too far back—if the ankles are unable to dorsiflex to a great enough degree, the lower leg cannot reach an angle sufficient to bring the knees into a position that allows the hips to reach their intended placement. This is the reason for the lifted heel of weightlifting shoes—elevation of the heel effectively increases the ankles’ range of motion.Femur length will affect the depth of each athlete’s squat simply by dictating how far away from the knees the hips will be. Athletes with great flexibility and long femurs will display extraordinarily deep squat positions, while their shorter-femured counterparts will appear higher even when at their maximal depth. For some athletes, femur length will exceed what can be compensated for through ankle flexibility in the basic squat position, and adjustments will need to be made to allow a better bottom position.For individuals with largely muscled legs and who are capable of very upright torso positions in the bottom of the squat, the hips may not be particularly low relative to the knees even when the knees are closed completely.As the base from which all movement and positioning originates, the placement of the feet will dramatically influence the squat. The width of the stance and degree of external rotation will affect the movement and position of the hips and back, and will often be the deciding factor in whether a squat is successful or failed, mechanically sound or injurious. Individual variation notwithstanding, the feet must be positioned in a manner that allows and encourages proper biomechanics of the legs, hips and back, while allowing the greatest possible range of motion and supporting the unique positional and movement characteristics of the Olympic lifts.Anthropometrics—in particular relative leg segment lengths—and hip anatomy will dictate appropriate width and rotation of the feet. Flexibility limitations and similar impediments may prevent an athlete from immediately achieving this ultimately proper positioning, but again, these are temporary obstacles that should be corrected.The starting foot placement will be slightly outside hip-width at the heels with the toes turned out comfortably—generally between approximately 20-35 degrees from center. With the athlete sitting at the bottom of the squat in this basic position, adjustments can be quickly made according to leg segment and trunk lengths, hip anatomy, and ankle and knee alignment to place him or her in the proper position.From here, there are two basic criteria with which we’re concerned: When viewed from directly above, the foot and thigh are approximately parallel with each other; when viewed from the front of the toe, the foot is approximately underneath the knee. The hips should sit in between the heels somewhat; in other words, the heel will not be directly under the thigh, but slightly outside of its centerline. This positioning will keep the knees and ankles aligned well, but will also allow for slightly improved depth, and, more importantly, a more absorptive bottom position—that is, the final position will be structurally sound without having an abrupt and jarring stop.With these relationships established—assuming the hips are at full possible depth—the remaining positional relationships will be unavoidably correct. This allows for a wide range of potential external rotation—athletes will in general naturally find what is most comfortable for them. That said, some athletes will need to be told explicitly to spread the knees farther than they wish; occasionally athletes will prefer a stance that prevents the hips from reaching adequate depth between the thighs due to the structures of the upper thighs being pushed into the forward edges of the pelvis. If the athlete is unable to achieve adequate depth and back extension, particularly if he or she is also feeling pressure near the front of the hips, a more externally rotated stance is more than likely needed.What this positioning achieves is simple but important— biomechanically sound alignment of the involved joints , optimizing performance and reducing the risk of injury.These relationships of the feet and leg segments should be maintained for the duration of the movement—in other words, the knees should follow the line described by the angle of the feet as the athlete descends and recovers. For many athletes, this will, at least initially, require they consciously make an effort to push the knees out to the sides as the tendency will be for the knees to collapse inward From this basic position, there will be a degree of adjustment possible without considerable violation of these relationships. That is, once in this starting position, the athlete will find he or she can move the feet in and out and turn the toes in and out slightly and continue to meet the criteria fairly well. This small range will allow some latitude for personal preference, and the lifter is encouraged to experiment within this range until the most comfortable position is found.The effect of hip width on foot placement should be self-explanatory—this is the origin of the legs and consequently the starting point for the stance. Relative leg segment length affects how far back the foot travels relative to the thigh as the knee flexes. The longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the farther toward the hip the foot will be when the knee is closed—this means that the longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the closer the feet will be in a sound squat position. In other words, the overall length of the legs is not enough to determine squat stance—how that length is created is what matters.The foot position should be identical for all squat variations—back squat, front squat, overhead squat—and all receiving positions except the split in the jerk—snatch, clean, power snatch, power clean, power jerk, squat jerk. Many athletes will assume different foot positions for each type of squat—this is an indicator that the athlete has not learned and developed a correct squat position, and is likely in need of improved flexibility.Read more about the Olympic squat in Olympic Weightlifting: A Complete Guide for Athletes & Coaches by Greg Everett
Sara’s resurrection hung heavily over the first run of episodes of Arrow this year, as did Ray’s disappearance and eventual discovery and return. These were good threads that kept the audience engaged and paid off in the annual crossover that served as the backdoor pilot for Legends. Their resolutions also revealed a problem: there was less of a concise motivation for this season than originally thought.
One can’t help but feel bad for the performers. We know they are game for lots of things, but after being handed the umpteenth version of the same dramatic beats and tropes each year, it’s got be hard to push through what’s sure to be some natural disinterest and work to keep things fresh.
She and Apollo have both shot scenes for the upcoming 'RHOA' season -- he's on by phone -- and we're told producers want to keep her identity under wraps until the episode airs.
MARK SCOLFORO: How would you tell a daughter or a granddaughter who, God forbid, would be the victim of a rape, to keep the child against her own will? Do you have a way to explain that?
On Day 1 of injections, I sat at the edge of my bed, teary and trembling, holding 50ccs of Menopur hormones. You never truly feel quite as single—and somehow empowered—as the day you have to stab yourself with a syringe full of hormones, knowing you're suddenly in charge of your whole future. It was powerful and it was terrifying. In an effort to stay positive I started a tradition: with every injection I set intentions for the qualities I hoped my kids would have, then blasted Florence and the Machines and danced like a 7 year old to distract myself from the burn and sting of the needle. I also started meditating twice a day. Those small traditions were what kept me sane.
The ER doctor (who, as fate would have it, was my high school crush, whom I hadn't seen in 13 years) explained I was spared from surgery because my ovary had "untwisted" on its own. But he was concerned that my swollen belly was too big. I had over 2 liters of fluid built up from the original surgery and it kept getting worse. We decided to drain the fluid, but no one explained how this was going to happen. I was wheeled to the NYU Fertility Center a few hours later, surrounded by seven women in a room, and put on stirrups. Dread washed over me at the sight of a needle the length and width of a shish kebab and a long plastic draining tube attached to a giant liter plastic bottle. "You're going through my belly, right?" I asked innocuously, almost sure this was a mistake. The nurses explained the needle would have to go in inter-vaginally. When I asked about morphine or anesthetic drugs they said they couldn't help.
Bookmark this page and keep coming back throughout the weekend so you never miss a big SuperCoach moment.
*Jackson Hastings kept raking in those dollars with a strong 51 but it could have been even more had he not ignored a four on one overlap to go himself late in the match.
Simon/Seoman is 14 years old at the start of this book, at that not-a-kid/not-an-adult age, driven by dreams and sometimes hormones. Whether he is accidentally thrust into this worldwide adventure or whether it was his destiny or birthright is a secret Williams keeps for many pages. (I’m at the beginning of the third book, and I still don’t know and can’t remember.) Simon, normally a kitchen scullion, is apprenticed to Morgenes, a type of professor/magician, who points Simon to books when Simon asks to learn magic.
“Books,” Morgenes said grandly, leaning back on his precarious stool, “-books are magic. That is the simple answer. And books are traps as well.” “Magic? Traps?” “Books are a form of magic-” the doctor lifted the volume he had just laid on the stack, “- because they span time and distance more surely than any spell or charm. What did so-and-so think about such-and-such two hundred years agone? Can you fly back through the ages and ask him? No, or at least, probably not. “But, ah, if he wrote down his thoughts, if somewhere there exists a scroll or a book of his logical discourses…he speaks to you! Across centuries! And if you wish to visit far Nascandu or lost Kkandia, you have also but to open a book…” “Yes, yes, I suppose I understand all that.” Simon did not try to hide his disappointment. This was not what he had meant by the word magic. “What about traps, the? Why traps?” Morgenes leaned forward, waggling the leather-bound volume under Simon’s nose. “A piece of writing is a trap,” he said cheerily, “and the best kind. A book you see is the only kind of trap that keeps its captive – which is knowledge – alive forever. The more books you have,” the doctor waved an all-encompassing hand around the room, “the more traps, then the better the chance of capturing some particular elusive, shining beast – one that might otherwise die unseen.” Morganes finished with a grand flourish, dropping the book back on the pile with a loud thump. A tiny cloud of dust leaped up, the flecks milling in the banded sunlight leaking past the window bars. Simon stared at the shimmering dust for a moment, collecting his thoughts. Following the doctor’s words was like trying to catch mice while wearing mittens. “But what about real magic?” he said at last, a stubborn crease between his brows. “Magic like they say Pryrates does up in the tower?” For a brief instant a look of anger – or was it fear – crossed the Doctor’s face. “No, Simon,” he said quietly. “Do not throw Pryrates up at me. He is a dangerous, foolish man.”(pg 93)
In Part One – Simon Mooncalf (my re-read is post here), Simon has a relatively normal life (thinking about girls, dreaming about battles, trying to sneak off to join the army) until being apprenticed to Morgenes. Reference is made to Simon’s birth to an unknown father, and a promise made by Morgenes to keep the boy safe.
And Singh knows this too. India must have energy to continue on their path of development. They must have the go-go juice in order to build and operate all those new factories and industries which will be supplying the world with lots of cheap labor trinkets. India also has serious development in the high-end computer and software sectors too…and you need energy to keep those screens on as well. And there is the small matter of a billion people in the country that would like to have lights and TVs and microwave ovens and all that shit. Therefore, India must import more and more energy in order to keep their economy running….ergo, they import a fuck-ton of oil from Nigeria .
HD Re-masterings of classic arcade games are something I wholeheartedly approve of. This kind of button mashing arcade brawler was all the rage in the 90’s, and frankly I miss games like this. D&D:CoM adds to this formula by requiring you to perform certain combos and special moves to really progress in the game, and it is a welcome addition that helps keep it relevant in a more complex gaming world. There are almost no Wii U specific uses except – as usual – off-tv play, however that’s something to be expected in this kind of conversion. Overall, it’s a nice little compilation of two arcade classics that are great fun even today.
Toki Tori 2 does what few games seem to be able to do – reinvent the core gameplay from its prequel, but keep intact what made people love it. Toki Tori 2 is a puzzle game at its heart, and you go through the world with your little yellow bird solving some pretty tough challenges with naught but a whistle and a ground stomp. Your limited abilities however are put to great use, moving blocks and pounding on blocks and pegs, attracting/repelling the creatures, and trying to many of these different things all at once. Somehow Toki Tori 2 manages to breakthrough the repetition that so many puzzle games suffer from and each puzzle genuinely manages to feel different each time – if you are a stickler for a puzzle game that will truly test you, buy this now!
Nano Assault Neo is one of those games that is perfect to be a digital game. It’s not very long, but it is well made, and is visceral action-based fun. You control your ship with the left analogue, and the direction you shoot with the right, and along the way pick up power-ups and ‘satellites’ which add smaller ships that accompany yours. You fight on weird shaped cells that are meant to be inside a body, and it works well enough. The only issue you’ll find is the camera tends to lag behind and not be able to keep up with the action – and in the heat of the moment this can be a problem. This is a pulse-pounding pick up and play game, that is somewhat let down by its length. Worth a pickup.
SNAP, the main U.S. advocacy group for those who were abused, urged Francis to keep the victims in mind during the funeral and said Law doesn’t deserve the pomp.
The Fruitland Township, Mich., woman kept the farce going by sending her boyfriend text messages that included selfies of herself bound, gagged and bleeding from the head. She begged the boyfriend to pay the “ransom” the kidnappers were asking for.
Both start at noon. State Parks spokeswoman Jennifer Churchill said the groups were issued permits for locations that are within sight of each other, but she didn't know the distance. She said park rangers and law officers would be present to keep the peace.
Fields' son was shot and killed in 2005 to keep him from testifying in a murder trial.
Off Yamato’s port beam appeared the torpedo planes, looking dark and ominous in the gray murk. As the TBM Avengers swooped in closer, the smaller guns on Yamato joined in the collective defense. One of the torpedo planes took a hit in the wing, pulled up in flames, then plunged into the sea. The others kept coming. Torpedoes dropped from their bellies, slashing through the water toward Yamato.
I will let nothing keep us apart
As you fill the bottles, keep the end of the siphon tube near the bottom of the bottle to avoid frothing. It is essential that the bottles are not completely filled: leave an airspace. Screw the caps on tightly. Invert each bottle and shake to dissolve sugar on the bottom. Set bottles in a warm area for the first few days, then store in a dark, cool spot. You can drink the beer within a few days of bottling, but it will improve with age.
To use this high resolution anamorphic 4:3 mode as a normal 16:9 video mode, simply use a normal lens, keep the anamorphic de-squeeze display off and turn on the crop marks for 16×9, as shown below…
I’m not too sad about it though — it was a fun project but it’s better that Android itself has added a way to keep those screenshots clean.
As the Washington Post points out, DeVos and other members of her family (all Amway heirs) have donated over $800,000 to current Republican senators. Over the decades, the family’s donations have totaled over $20 million, which was brought up by Bernie Sanders during DeVos’ confirmation hearing. Alas, neither that nor her strange statement about bears attacking schools was enough to keep DeVos out of Trump’s cabinet.
Even then, you’ll find that attackers will switch techniques while inside a target’s network, he warned. “They’re trying to find out what’s most effective in an environment, but also keep shifting the behaviour so that it’s harder for the people protecting the system to mitigate against it.”
Your Imagine Dragons Orlando tickets will be the exact tickets your ordered or better Checkout Security Additionally, our online checkout is a safe and secure checkout that protects your information and keeps your transaction safe. Our checkout... Uses a secure certificate which improves security measures when entering personal data
Is monitored by ControlScan® to keep your identity and information secure
Onlookers said Schumer was incensed that Hilary — the daughter of William S. Paley, the founder and chairman of CBS — had voted for Trump, even though her husband, Joseph, is a well-known Democrat. One witness said of the restaurant rant, “They are a highly respected couple, and Schumer made a scene, yelling, ‘She voted for Trump!’ The Califanos left the restaurant, but Schumer followed them outside.” On the sidewalk, Schumer carried on with his fantastical filibuster: “ ‘How could you vote for Trump? He’s a liar!’ He kept repeating, ‘He’s a liar!’ ”
"President Trump kept his promise to roll back one of the most harmful acts of overreach by the Obama administration — the so-called Clean Power Plan," she said. "I was honored to join the President for the signing of this Executive Order, and I look forward to continuing working with the Trump administration to advance environmentally responsible policies that grow the economy — not kill jobs."
Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Voting Rights Act is often called the crown jewel of the civil rights movement, yet many Americans do not know why or how it was passed. Pictured, NAACP Field Director Charles White speaks on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday, June 25, 2013, after the court limited use of a major part of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, in effect invalidating a key enforcement provision. Here are some key moments and characters in the voting rights saga. Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Three young civil rights workers were murdered in 1964 in Mississippi while trying to register black voters. The infamous murders showed that segregationists were willing to kill to keep African-Americans from voting. Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – John Lewis, a young activist who later became a congressman of Georgia, heads to a fateful encounter on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama during a 1965 march. Lewis was brutally assaulted by state troopers during the "Bloody Sunday" march that made voting rights a national issue. Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Marchers during the 1965 voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama gather for a rally on March 26, 1965, a few weeks after "Bloody Sunday." Black residents were beaten, fired from their jobs and imprisoned trying to vote. Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Viola Liuzzo, a Detroit housewife, was murdered while participating in the voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama, in 1965. Her death outraged the nation and helped spur passage of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Lyndon Johnson, pictured here discussing the act with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1965, went on national television to call for passage of the Voting Rights Act. He ended his speech by saying, "And we shall overcome." Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Rep. John Lewis speaks after bipartisan House and Senate officials met to voice support for reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act for an additional 25 years on May 2, 2006. From left, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and other officials listen during the media conference. Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President George W. Bush signs reauthorization of the act on July 27, 2006. From left, Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wisconsin, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tennessee, look on. Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Barack Obama marches with civil right veterans during a commemoration march in 2007. Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A conservative judge called the Voting Rights Act a racial entitlement but supporters of the act say it is the crowning victory of the civil rights movement. Pictured, people gather for a post-march rally after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the "Bloody Sunday" anniversary, March 4, 2012. Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law Executive Director Barbara Arnwine speaks during a news conference to voice opposition to state photo ID voter laws with the Rev. Jesse Jackson and members of Congress at the U.S. Capitol July 13, 2011. Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A supporter of the Voting Rights Act rallies in the South Carolina State House in Columbia on February 26, 2013, the day before oral hearings at the Supreme Court. Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Rev. Jesse Jackson, at the microphone, and the Rev. Al Sharpton, left, deliver remarks during a rally outside the U.S. Supreme Court on February 27, 2013, as the court prepared to hear oral arguments in Shelby County v. Holder, the legal challenge to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Supporters of the Voting Rights Act listen to speakers discussing the rulings outside the U.S. Supreme Court building on Tuesday, June 25, 2013. Hide Caption 14 of 14
Whenever Francis goes off-script, the Vatican's press department prepares for the worst. This pope keeps everyone on their toes, says one high-ranking member of the Curia: "With him, you can even imagine him selling Michelangelo's Pietà and giving the money to the poor."
Still, this isn't a revolution. This pope may be a free spirit, but he's also conservative and doesn't appear to be poised or able to change much of the church's fundamentals. That, indeed, may be the source from the very beginning of one of the greatest misconceptions about Francis: the fact that he tries to be close to the church's followers and keep a distance from its apparatus doesn't necessarily mean he'll stray far from its doctrine and dogmas.
By finding hidden mutators inside the game, you will unlock the option to customize the game as you see fit! Enable mutators like: $15,000+ At this point, we have jam-packed our game with as much content as possible. We promise to keep updating the game into the foreseeable future. Thank you very much guys; to think we ever hit $15,000!
1. Design a game that is randomly generated every play-through, to keep replayability high and fresh.
2. Time = difficulty. The longer you play, the harder the game gets. Keeping a sense of urgency keeps the game exciting!
The game began as sketches on the back of scrap paper. As we kept brainstorming, the game we were talking about sounded.. fun! We have been working on Risk of Rain for about 5 months, and the feedback we have received so far is incredible. Having never released any games to the public, it's exciting to see that we can make something that many people enjoy.
Thank you to all of the fans who have followed us in development so far. Your feedback on the alpha versions of the game were priceless, and your praise kept us going. It's amazing that we have a fanbase of people who enjoy our hobby; gamemaking. We truly hope that we can meet and surpass all of your expectations, regardless of the pledge amount. Thank you to all our fans on AGDG, tumblr, indiedb, and everywhere else. Thank you so much.
Barrett will keep this job if he stays healthy and productive. If not, OSU will turn the offense over to sophomore Cardale Jones, the Buckeyes' sole quarterback with any experience – all three games and two pass attempts of experience, if that means anything. What Jones has is stronger physical gifts, if only by a nose, but I don't think that's so vital to this staff: Herman would rather have a distributor than a scorer, if you'll excuse the mixed-sports metaphor, and Barrett seems to embody the sort of do-the-right-things mindset the Buckeyes' staff desires from the Miller-less position. The bottom line, painful as it may be: OSU isn't winning the national title with Barrett at quarterback. The Buckeyes can still win the Big Ten.
Let's attempt to make the case, however fruitless, that OSU's linebacker corps will thrive even without Ryan Shazier. I'll buy it, in fact, and here's why: Shazier was otherworldly, true, but perhaps the motivation to fill his All-American shoes brings the most out of the five or six linebackers set to top the rotation. Maybe motivation will send senior Curtis Grant off on a high note after three years of frustration; if he's ready, Grant's the guy in the middle – and if not, OSU won't hesitate to hand the job to five-star freshman Raekwon McMillan. There's a little competition underway on the strong side between sophomore Darron Lee and redshirt freshman Chris Worley, which I think will very beneficial for overall depth. And then there's the leader of the group, junior Joshua Perry (64 tackles), and I have a suspicion he's due for an all-conference season on the weak side. Also, keep in mind Ash's simplified scheme when considering OSU's potential on the second level.
Syria’s UN Ambassador confirmed his concerns to RT Arabic. He said that militants had earlier followed a similar scenario in the chemical attacks in Allepo and in the Damascus suburb of Ghouta, when they blamed Assad’s forces for the deadly incidents. Jaafari said that the UN is currently considering the issue. The Secretary General as well as the Coordinator of the UN-OPCW joint mission to eliminate Syria’s chemical weapons program, Sigrid Kaag, are also being kept up to speed with developments.
The next question is “Does Project Length have an effect on success rate?”. When you launch a project you can choose to keep it open as long as 90 days. Here are the results:
Though there is no evidence that Chipotle's multistate E. coli outbreak originated with a local supplier--and it likely didn't, given that people from Oregon to New York got sick--some smaller farmers Chipotle has long praised may be unable to keep supplying the chain if they can't implement the kind of sophisticated pathogen testing it now is requiring.
Women can at least hope that this administration’s ineptitude when it comes to health care, tax reform, the border wall, every multilateral deal Trump threatened to pull out of, and every other major policy Trump has threatened to enact means that they’ll also have trouble creating the unplanned pregnancy hellscape of this wish list’s dreams. Trump being bad at his job might be the last thing that keeps American women safe from this pre-sexual revolution wish list.
“He can’t look like that. That’s wrong. Just look at him!” an incensed Romney told Matthew Friedemann, his close friend in the Stevens Hall dorm, according to Friedemann’s recollection. Mitt, the teenaged son of Michigan Gov. George Romney, kept complaining about [John] Lauber’s look, Friedemann recalled.
I made the map with d3 and a couple of canvas tricks from an old Bloomberg piece. There are too many points (80,000+!) to animate with svg, so I used two canvas layers. The top one is cleared every frame and each moving point is redrawn. The bottom frame only has points drawn on it and is never cleared so it keeps a record of every location.
Since both the cumulative and the hourly rainfall were interesting, I tried a bivariate color scale to trace the hurricane’s path in red. You can see the eye of the hurricane as it lands! All the colors were a little too much to explain in a key though, so we switched to circles to show the current path of the hurricane. We also had to cut down on the spatial resolution to keep the file size under control - maybe a video would have been better, but I’m a big fan of tiny charts inside of tooltips.
I tried a couple of other approaches to differentiate the design a little. A radial chart, an area chart showing the max/min ice extent over time, a variation on that also showing the 25%/median/75% extent and one with a gradient. I think the area charts do an effective job showing the trend, but a wiggling line chart is a more compelling form that doesn’t require as much explanation so we kept it.
It was during one of the USA Basketball scrimmages last week with the 20 hopefuls and the Select Team of young NBA players in the role of basketball tackling dummies. Bulls rookie Doug McDermott, who had been impressive with his shooting, was wide open several times as teammates Marcus Smart and Victor Oladipo kept ignoring him.
Though the Bulls added players and have enviable depth, the potential weakness remains shooting guard as Butler is more naturally a small forward. It’s why someone like Dunleavy needs to be in the lineup to keep the floor spread for Rose’s drives. But it’s asking a lot after Dunleavy started so many games last season when his role was supposed to be a reserve. After all, with all that depth you should be nursing your players more for the post season. It also doesn’t make a lot of sense to start Rose with Hinrich since Hinrich isn’t a shooter who occupies the defense and then have Butler at small forward.
The ideal would seem to keep Butler at shooting guard, but pair him with McDermott to keep a great shooter on the floor and then have Dunleavy being preserved for the season by coming off the bench. Not that anyone is lobbying at this point. But Rose watched McDermott with the Select Team last week and liked what he saw.
In the blistering summer of 1976, Desai led a 100 strong protest at the Grunwick film processing plant in northwest London. Tired of low pay and poor working conditions, Desai – who hailed from Gujarat, India – and her fellow workers – who were mostly from abroad – had enough. A year later they’d inspired 20,000 trade unionists, many of whom were white, to march on the factory in solidarity. They eventually conceded defeat but Desai’s achievements are not to be sneered at: she united workers previously polarised along race lines. Many shared fond memories of her indefatigable spirit when she died in 2010; realising people like Desai keep the international Labour movement alive.
Jayaben Desai’s story is a powerful reminder that women of colour are not just passive victims, as politicians like David Cameron would have us believe, or abstract voters groups to be tapped into when an election rolls around. The thirteen minority ethnic women who are Labour MPs, countless councillors, Labour peers, and huge numbers of women of colour in the labour movement and the broader left wing movement who help to keep it alive. Yet they are rarely given attention for a substantial amount of time. Their experiences and views should be essential to the left-wing feminist movement because in the words of Flavia Dzodan: “My feminism will be intersectional or it will be bullshit.”
Pierre Dagen manages a tough match win against Ondrej Strasky, to keep his Top 8 hopes alive, making UR Control live for Top 8. Predicting Top 8 to include: Grixis Control, UR Control, Temur Emerge, R/W Tokens so far. This format is wide open.
When making an investment in anything—hunting gear, a new skiff, one of Ted Juracsik’s famed fly reels—it’s a great idea to commit to regular maintenance and upkeep. Clothes are no different. And, with the rainy months nearly behind us, now is the time to send that well-worn Barbour jacket out for a little TLC. The worst thing that can happen to a Barbour jacket is for it to dry out. Since it can’t be washed, the exterior cotton fabric is dependent upon wax to help keep its sturdiness and weather-fighting characteristics in tact. Bottom line: If it dries out, it rips, and if it rips, you’ve got a much bigger repair bill on your hands.
The words of the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him): “Whoever believes in Allaah and the Last Day, let him speak good or else keep silent.”
Pulis has been kept informed of developments and his presence as the reigning Premier League Manager of the Year is one of Albion's key selling points.
If the answer’s yes, then I say: bollocks. This government ruling (which appears to have its origins in the Ontario Pesticide Act) is just another example of bureaucracy gone mad. Many of these so-called “home remedies” (the sniffy term the Ministry of the Environment uses to describe simple gardening tips) have been been around for years. They were used by our grandparents. And they work. If — as the edict implies — there is something terribly dangerous about resorting to these measures in our gardens now, let’s hear what they are. Before taking this Draconian directive seriously, I want proof that they have actually caused harm to someone or something. The powers-that-be who dreamed up this absurd law should be aware, too, that Master Gardeners are thoughtful, intelligent, well-informed folks, who undergo extensive training before assuming their role of educating the public about gardening. To become an MG, you must first slog through two years of intensive horticulture correspondence courses from the University of Guelph (I know. I did it 20 years ago) then agree to keep learning more at monthly meetings. We acquire a wealth of useful knowledge — which we’re happy to pass on to others for free. (MGs are all volunteers). We are not a bunch of brainless ninnies who advocate taking damaging or dangerous steps to get rid of pests and diseases in the garden. Denying people access to what we know is ludicrous. Especially nowadays, when there’s a real thirst for information about practical alternatives to conventional pesticides. Must we — sigh — become fearful of absolutely everything in our lives? If you agree, please send a protest to minister.moe@ontario.ca And while you’re at it, a copy Toronto Master Gardeners (toronto.mg@hotmail.com ) who — distressingly — seem content to seal their lips about the benefits of baking soda and whatnot — and simply bow to what the government wants. As for me, wanna know a “home remedy” for earwigs? Whoops. Can’t tell you. I see the pesticide police arriving . . . Read more The Real Dirt from Sonia Day END www.soniaday.com
Brandon Kwok Lee, 25, was arrested on suspicion of public indecency, Portland police said in a news release. Police said witnesses saw him masturbating in front of Parklane Elementary School and that when people confronted him, he turned toward them and kept fondling himself.
In an effort to keep les enfants safe and well, in addition to being its own roll-cage, the C-Zen comes loaded with safety kit that includes a head-up display, night vision camera, biometric driver recognition, breathalyser starter inhibitor – so no joyriding if you have been on the bordeaux – and it will only move off if you have your seatbelt fastened.
Built in GPS allows the parents to keep tabs on what petit Pierre or Élise is up to, while a 'stop-by-SMS' function allow you to turn the thing off remotely if someone nicks it. Does this still work when the thing's going flat out on the freeway, we wonder? For the safety of other drivers, we hope not.
Both penguins were found to have a beefed-up gene set for making proteins for feathers, ensuring a densely packed covering of the short, stiff feathers, which keeps heat in and water out.
Denis has mentioned before that he wanted to keep the packaging eco-friendly.
But while other governments around the world are cutting interest rates, China will likely have to raise them again if it is to keep its economy growing at a sustainable level, our correspondent says.
It’s possible to go overboard with assertions. Specifying every nitpicky detail about your inputs can lead to brittle, hard-to-test code and violates the spirit of dynamic typing. But used judiciously they can help to document expectations, keep yourself and your API consumers honest, and reduce time spent debugging errors.
A violent, left-wing extremist group has defended a leading Islamic businessman’s claim Australian women need Muslim men to fertilise them, calling his critics ‘bigots’ and ‘racists’. Halal Certification Authority president Mohamed Elmouelhy told his Facebook followers Australia’s white race would die out within 40 years. He added that with Australian men a ‘dying breed’, local women needed Muslim men to ‘fertilise them’ and ‘keep them surrounded by Muslim babies’. Despite the outcry on social media last week, left-wing extremist group Antifa has described Mr Elmouelhy’s critics as ‘bigots’, even though he had called for ‘bigots’ to commit suicide. ‘Racists attacking Mohamed Elmouelhy – more Muslim babies is a good thing. Bigots,’ it said on Facebook. This is the same group which claimed responsibility in June for spraying conservative Sky News commentator Andrew Bolt with glitter at a book launch in Melbourne. Less than eight weeks later, they are weighing into more controversy by defending Mr Elmouelhy, who was commenting on Hebrew University in Jerusalem publishing research which showed sperm counts in men from Australia, New Zealand, North America and Europe had declined by more than 50 per cent in less than 40 years. ‘Your men are a dying breed, Australian women need us to fertilise them and keep them surrounded by Muslim babies while beer swilling, cigarette smoking, drug injecting can only dream of what Muslim men are capable of,’ he said. ‘Muslims have a duty to make your women happy.’ Mr Elmouelhy, who is the president of Halal Certification Authority, said Australia’s white race ‘will be extinct in another 40 years’ if the country is ‘left to bigots’. …
"It wants to keep those benefits and also get handouts from the government," he says.
Along with the cast of guests, the new album also continues the long time working partnership with Arnaud Giroux, a collaboration that Kruspe is very happy to see continue. “He’s the one that keeps me going,” he says. “Arnaud’s the one that actually never gave up on me. There were so many times when I was frustrated, and I wanted to bring in a different singer and he was ‘nope, you’re the one, you have to sing it’. My mentor when it came down to making me as a singer. And he’s French, so he has a very interesting way sometimes with melodies!”
For the time being, Kruspe is content to keep Emigrate as a studio project despite constant interest and offers being placed on the table. Live work with Rammstein meets his needs to perform. “Always in my life I do what I think is right for me,” he explains. “Everyone is playing live right now, everyone is out there. We don’t need another mediocre band that plays half assed. There was something missing that I have now created and I’m quite balanced and happy in my life. And honestly, there’s the pressure in Rammstein to be one of the biggest live shows. How do I try to come up with a band that can compete with that?”
.@jeremys anyway, fire me or ignore me. either way I'll keep on struggling all the same. ✌️
As you know, lichess is built and run by a vibrant community of chess lovers. Some are coding the site itself, some are catching cheaters, some keep the servers up and scaling; and these two guys, veloce and freefal, are doing wonders with the mobile app.
That this is about politics more than economics should now be obvious. It’s not just that the austerity imposed on Greece has delivered a 1930s-style depression, or that Ukraine was recently bailed out with generous debt write-offs but without any crucifixions or waterboarding. One part of the troika, the IMF – dominated by a US anxious to keep Greece in the Atlanticist camp – has now revealed it is well aware Greece’s debts will never be repaid without massive relief and that this week’s deal could swell them to more than 200% of GDP. In other words, it won’t work. But pre-Keynesian balanced-budget economics has the eurozone’s rulers in its grip, as they seek to overcome the crisis by restoring corporate profitability.
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
*** Which party is more comfortable debating Ryan and his plan? Here’s another question to ponder: By picking Ryan, are Romney and the Republicans playing on their turf? Or on the Democrats’ turf? On the one hand, the Romney-Ryan ticket will double down on the argument that Obama and the Democrats have failed when it comes to the deficit/debt. After all, the deficit was $1.4 trillion in FY ’09; $1.3 trillion in ’10; $1.5 trillion in ’11 (projected); and $1.1 trillion in ’12 (projected). On the other hand, Obama and the Democrats have been DYING to turn the presidential contest into a race against House Republicans. And guess what: Romney just selected a House Republican to be his running mate. As one of us wrote over the weekend, Obama has already delivered three big speeches in the past two years taking aim at House Republicans and the Ryan budget. “It’s a vision that says if our roads crumble and our bridges collapse, we can’t afford to fix them,” Obama said during his April 2011 speech at George Washington University. “If there are bright young Americans who have the drive and the will but not the money to go to college, we can’t afford to send them… It’s a vision that says America can’t afford to keep the promise we’ve made to care for our seniors.” Obama’s other two speeches were in Kansas (in Dec. 2011) and at the AP luncheon (in April 2012).
Meryem Khali, 37, is the fifth runner and the only woman sponsored by Rahal. At her home in Salé, the neighboring town to Morocco’s capital, Rabat, she keeps her wedding ring in the same box as a gold medal from the May 2006 International Military Sports Council championships.
The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low. He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail. Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee.
To the guy who is wearing my stolen shirts, enjoy them. I hope they keep you warm in the penal colony.
“I think there are things we could be doing better; things I could be doing better. Because of the level of whiteness that exists currently, it can be pretty alienating for people of color to just step into it, and to go ‘you guys should do this thing with us because we want more representation’ is pretty tokenizing… I dunno, it’s just really hard to walk the line between inviting a group of people into a space and being tokenizing. But even if there’s not a simple answer, I want to keep thinking about it, because it is a problem in every scene I’ve ever been in.”
As a consequence of this interesting talk, I missed the very beginning of Jeff Rosenstock’s set. When I walked in, he was halfway through “I’m Serious, I’m Sorry”, and looked like somethign genuinely inhuman. Absolutely drenched in sweat, he howled into the microphone while laying into his guitar, like it was a beast that needed to be tamed. At one point, somebody threw a shark-shaped life preserver at Rosenstock that managed to perfectly encase his shoulders and bind his arms to his side, yet he kept playing regardless.
“That’s a gift,’’ Hartmann said. “I’ve found that the prosecutor is very reasonable most of the time. He could have kept the car under the law.’’
When all is said and done, @realDonaldTrump is likely better off unblocking everyone and just muting whoever is bothering him. If he keeps blocking users, he’ll eventually see himself the defendant in yet another lawsuit.
Editor's Note: This is the second of a four-part series on senior offensive lineman Tyler Johnstone and the two knee injuries that have kept him from game action since Dec. 30, 2013. Parts 3 and 4 will run Thursday and Friday morning.
In The Gambia, an organization called BEECause is working to reverse the decline of bee populations. BEECause has trained hundreds of people to keep bees and make beeswax products, and their Bees for Trees program establishes self-supporting bee reserves in community-managed sustainable forests.
I used several tactics to my advantage. I never left or was forced out of our marital residence, I managed to avoid physical altercations by keeping my emotions in check as much as possible, avoided being taken to jail by the NYPD by calmly explaining my side of the story and kept my focus by remaining totally devoted to my two children. I always took the high road and never talked badly about my ex to our children, no matter how tempting. I still don’t-she is the mother of our kids. They love her just as much as they love me.
Today it seems that many women intentionally abuse a system that was set up in the 1950’s and 1960’s to assist with the necessary expenses of child rearing for children that both parents gave consent to have. Now that women have joined the workforce in unprecedented numbers–and birth control frees them from the constraints they were otherwise under–it makes little sense to keep men stuck back in an era that has long passed. Women don’t want to go back to that era-men don’t either. If times have progressed for women, why are men forced to stay in the past?
The more often we keep the filthy claws of state and federal government out of our lives, the better. Once they get in, they never let go. The formation of the family court system, the state and federal offices of child support enforcement and all of the affiliated positions associated with it, has resulted in the creation of a massive state controlled Industry whose sole function is to affect the massive transfer of wealth from the father to the mother. The increase in state intrusion in our personal lives coupled with the culture of entitlement and unreasonable expectations currently embedded in our public consciousness, creates a system that feeds upon itself. It appears that this former government safety net has turned into a spider web. Eventually it will bleed fathers dry and the real victims will be their children.
Walker had faced criticism from Madison Mayor Paul Soglin, who said he was mystified that the state had apparently not done anything to keep the plant in Wisconsin.
Kelly’s NBC career may, of course, take off at some point. It’s possible she could somehow become more bubbly. However, the op-ed proves one thing: Kelly should keep in touch with her Fox News’ colleagues because she may need a soft place to land in the future.
That, together with my love of flying, keeps me busy for much of my time these days. Whether it's flying an airplane or flying a drone, I spend most of my working hours in the sky, and wouldn't have it any other way. In this title, I will start by explaining what major provisions exist in 14 CFR part 107. Then, we will go through all applicable regulations: aircraft registration, operational limitations, operations near airports and aircraft.
He was standing in a berry patch when Ol' Ephraim — that's what mountain men back then called grizzlies, even females — charged. Glass shot her with his rifle. It was a good shot, but Ol' Ephraim kept charging. Glass ran to a tree, but as he began to climb, O.E. grabbed him, threw him to the ground and tore some meat out of his rear. She tossed the meal to her cubs, who probably had never tasted man before (odds are they liked it). Then Ol' Ephraim returned her attention to Glass. She raked her claws across his back, bit him about the head and shook him like a rag doll. Glass moved in close and slashed the bear repeatedly with his knife. He tried to yell, but what came out was a kind of high-pitched gargling, as his throat had been torn open and was gushing blood.
One volunteer, an otherwise forgettable figure, was named John Fitzgerald. The other was a teenager named Bridger. They kept Glass comfortable and waited for him to die.
He did not get chased off a cliff, nor did he crawl inside a horse carcass for warmth. He did not meet a Native American with a sly sense of humor who tossed him a buffalo liver. Perhaps he ate some liver on his sojourn, but the truth is, he ate far more dog. Dog eating was not such a big deal back then. The Comanche thought it was disgusting, true, but it was a staple of the Sioux diet. The Kickapoo revered dogs, believing they had spirits like humans and lived in heaven after death. The Kickapoo bottle-fed their dogs, kept their paws from the dusty ground, washed and swaddled and sang to them. They also ate puppy stew.
Glass kept walking. After many weeks, he joined six French traders at Fort Kiowa, who he thought might drop him off near Fort Tilton, where he suspected the rifle thieves would be. After six weeks he parted ways with the Frenchmen. Just a mile later, they were butchered by Ree. Some Ree spotted Glass and gave chase, but a Mandan on horseback swept in, pulled him aboard and took him to his village. Mandans generally didn't like Ree. The Mandan villagers made a big deal over him. For supper? Man's best friend.
The PM said he would vote yes but said other prime ministerial commitments would keep him from active campaign; it was unconvincing and meek.
7. The more plausible scenario, however, is that Arnab would have interrupted within 3 seconds of you starting your sentence. Upon Arnab’s interruption, you shouldn’t stop immediately. You should act as if you want to continue. So say, “Hang on, Arnab! Let me finish!” or “Hold on, Arnab! One second, let me complete!” BUT, BUT…say this NOT MORE THAN TWICE. Because if you keep on harping on this, Arnab will indeed ask you to continue and you might have to conjure up stuff on the fly again. So, protest twice and then stop. By then Arnab would have gotten across to Vinod Mehta or Siddharth Varadarajan.
Then you wouldn't be able to see your new look and feel until after you've run through the package process. That's a bit slower than you're used to when you develop websites, but just keep in mind what you're dealing with and you should be OK.
There is also the indirect effect of what money we haven’t spent because limited state and local government resources end up going to keep marijuana illegal. Those funds could have been used to lower taxes or provide better services. How many students could afford to attend college, and go on to get higher degrees if the billions that could have be raised by tax cannabis were used to keep down tuition at public universities or provide for scholarships?
On Jan. 7, 2011, Felani Khatun and her father arrived at the barbed wire a little after the early morning call to prayer had rung out from a nearby mosque. Dressed up in traditional bridal wear and wedding jewelry, the drowsy 15 year old had fallen asleep several times during their overnight journey to the border and could barely keep her eyes open.
Schweinsteiger also suggested that his dedication and professionalism was evident to Mourinho, who expressed regret about the midfielder's treatment at Old Trafford, and that it might have been someone else in the organization's "opinion" that kept him out of first-team reckoning.
Then there is the other Jahlil, the one most fans don’t see. This is the one who intentionally keeps his booming bass voice at low volume off the court so that he won’t intimidate people. The one who would rather hole up in his room with Netflix or PlayStation than be out on the street, where he’s recognized more and more. The one who is shy around strangers but unleashes his gravelly cackle around his friends. The one who feels hurt when he’s attacked on Twitter (“I wonder if they would say negative stuff if they realized how nice I am,” he says). The one who fetched water for his AAU teammates while he was sidelined last summer with a twisted ankle. The one who tells his father he loves him every time they get off the phone.
There are, of course, no guarantees. Before he’s eligible for the NBA, Jahlil has this year of high school and at least one at Duke University, which recently won the sweepstakes for his services. Something unforeseen, such as an injury, could derail his path. Jahlil knows that. He worries about it sometimes. But that’s not what keeps him up at night, his mind racing as he lies in his bed, mulling over different scenarios.
Which is why he didn’t realize right away that there was a problem that day. “I remember she started coughing and breathing real heavy, making a weird noise,” says Jahlil. “I thought she was just kidding around. I started tackling her and laughing. I walked to the kitchen and was like, ‘Mom, I’m taking your Oreos,’ because she was always real strict about her Oreos. I expected her to say, ‘Don’t do that.’ But she just kept breathing heavy.”
“I can finish,” he says, lifting his head and wiping away tears. “I rubbed her hair. I remember it was supersoft. I kept going in and out of the room, looking at her, like 30 minutes at a time, not wanting to leave. I was there pretty much the whole night. It didn’t seem real to me. I was heartbroken.”
After his mother’s death, Jahlil moved to Chicago to live with his dad, while his sister stayed behind with their grandmother. Even when they were apart, father and son had kept a strong bond. Chucky used to call Jahlil every day after school. They always ended the conversation the same way.
Like Jahlil, Chucky lost his mother at an early age. She died from breast cancer when he was 18 months old. He was raised by his single father, a Nigerian immigrant. Chucky had been, in the words of one of his sisters, a “roughneck.” At 13, he was caught driving a car he and some other boys had stolen. Later, he hustled drugs. He bounced around to five high schools in three years, mostly because he kept getting expelled for fighting. At one point he lived in a group home for troubled kids.
When I ask Chucky how he’s been able to keep his son grounded amid all the attention, he rebuffs the question. “Some things I don’t even want to take credit for. That’s just him. That’s just who he is. He knows right from wrong, and 96 percent of the time he’s going to do right.”
If you were a coach making an in-home visit to the Okafors last spring, you couldn’t escape without having your photo taken doing “the look-away”—a family tradition of never staring directly at the camera. The result: unintentionally hilarious images of Duke’s Mike Krzyzewski, Kansas’s Bill Self, and other college royalty striking arms-crossed B-boy poses next to a grinning Chucky. To keep the mood relaxed, Chucky would also stock up on Heinekens and order in Giordano’s. “I just figured it would be cool to have Coach K in my house drinking a beer with me,” he says.
He continued: "We strive to keep delivering quality content to our fans, for free. The content of the UEFA EURO 2016 content has yet to be defined, but all content delivered by Data Pack featuring EURO for next year's prestigious tournament will be free to all existing users."
“This upfront, targeted grant is a smarter way to allocate taxpayer dollars and it will help those who need it the most, increasing access to a low-income segment of the population that is underrepresented,” Bien said. “It’s also important to keep in mind that no Ontario student will receive less than they are currently eligible for through the 30% Off Tuition Grant.”
As each individual member of the Justice League has changed over the years and the roster has grown and shrunk, so has the scale of the threats that they were facing. Starro was a pretty formidable bad guy in the beginning. He was at the very least a big enough threat to bring the very first team together (Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Aquaman and Martian Manhunter). The team did graduate to bigger and badder threats, and I think the existence of DC villains like Darkseid, Doomsday and the Dominators are reason enough why a cave by the sea was insufficient. From where I’m standing, the Hall of Justice presents a very similar set of problems. There’s a nice idea with The Hall of Justice in that it provides a very public face and interface for the public that relies on the world-saving powers of the Justice League regularly. A museum as well as a team HQ, this structure does something interesting by bringing these god-and-goddess-level heroes down to a human level. But aside from the Hall of Justice being a smart branding move, it provides little advantage over Happy Harbor. Both locations ultimately suffer from creating tunnel vision for the team’s worldview. Tragedies that happen to take place within the vicinity of the Hall of Justice are probably taken care of with increased speed and gusto. If something terrible is taking place in a more outlying area there’s a chance it will not be attended to as readily. Now, if the team we’re talking about is the Justice League of America and their domain is going to be mainly the continental United States, then either of the headquarters previously mentioned will do the job just fine. But when the Justice League has to worry about the fate of the entire world (sometimes throughout time), then there’s a need for a larger presence. In the past, the Justice League has had embassies sprinkled all over the world and that’s definitely a step in the right direction, although in order to keep them all staffed, active members of the League often have to split apart by significant geographic distances.
Nintendo has spoken to fans through Miiverse, addressing concerns and questions regarding the Miiverse redesign. The company has also stated the mentality behind the design, aiming for a more game-centric format. Post limitations will help keep the network "on topic" and focusing on video games.
"First and foremost, Miiverse is created for gamers to talk about games - to give everyone the chance to ask questions about a game/app, for example, or if you get stuck and need help in-game. "But over time, some people have started using Miiverse for other things, such as long chats that are not strictly game-related. These posts would prevent others from enjoying their favourite communities to the fullest. In order to keep Miiverse game-centred for you, we decided to redesign Miiverse, which includes introducing the posting limitation." — Erica, Nintendo Representative on Miiverse
I think a little bit of everything you just mentioned. He’s very aware. He doesn’t want to be out there anymore, from a very real standpoint. None of them want to be out and unprotected. I think he’s processing everything. This is his downtime. This is something he has not had before [since the apocalypse happened], and it’s almost like idle time is not good for him, because he doesn’t want to process what he has to process. He’d rather keep moving forward. As long as he’s moving forward on whatever mission it is, there’s not that time where you’re left with yourself and your own thoughts. Now that they’re in Alexandria and the basic necessities are taken care of, there’s much more time to think. Thinking is what’s going to be the thing that rocks the boat quite a bit in Alexandria.
The family firm is booming - as Trump said this week, his stunning victory makes the Trump brand "hotter". The newest property, Trump International Hotel in Washington's old Post Office building, is booked out - and fawning foreign diplomatic delegations most likely will keep it that way.
As Trump flits between his Manhattan skyscraper; a New Jersey golf club, the entrance to which reminds him of 10 Downing Street; and his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, which The New York Times likens to the Palace of Versailles, the President-elect keeps the firm's key brands in the public eye - ka-ching!
Once you completed the quest to defeat one gauntlet, you’ll get access to a free run of Forge. Forge is like gauntlet, except you draft your deck out of a random selection of cards, in a fashion you will feel familiar with if you played Hearthstone’s Arena or Duelyst’s Gauntlet before. A key difference with the above is that in Eternal, you get to keep the cards you pick for your collection! Another important thing you need to know about Forge is that you will only be given choices from two factions, based on the first picks you make. This means that you can “force” the factions you need cards in. I invite you to do just that for Rakano, which also happens to be a strong faction pairing for limited formats anyway!
Between the large packs, cards in chests, and limited modes letting you keep cards, Eternal gives out a whole lot of those low rarity cards. You’ll get full playsets of them very quickly! The flip side of that is that the crafting/recycling rates on them is very disadvantageous. With that in mind, I believe the best budget decks are those made out of whatever you have, rather than out of “cheap crafts”, which are actually the worst investment you can make.
“Now it feels like the LGBT community is becoming invisible again, and not just to Ugandan society. We need the British government, the EU and the US to keep talking to the Ugandan government.
"I have two other children both unmarried. If she delivers the baby and keeps it then no one will marry them," explained her mother. "My 14-year-old son will get cast out. The only way out is that she will have to undergo the 'chokha thavani viddhi' (purification ritual) and whatever the community decides will be final."
She then has to repeat the process with a 10-kg stone on her head. She has to keep the stone on her head until the tantric is satisfied that she is telling the truth.
The victim said part of her wanted to keep the unborn child, but her fate and the baby's was in the hands of 100-200 people taking part in the purification ritual.
"I do think that as free-to-play offerings keep raising the bar in terms of quality and longevity, it's becoming more and more difficult for subscription games to live up to player's expectations. If you're demanding a monthly fee from someone, they obviously expect more value than they get from a similar free-to-play offering. There is no way getting around the fact that a growing number of gamers expect MMOs to be free-to-play, or at least buy-to-play (such as Guild Wars 2), so is building a successful subscription-based MMO becomes more challenging."
In the early months of last year, spending by state and local governments was falling rapidly, as was tax revenue. In the spring, tax revenue continued to drop, yet spending jumped-- during the very time when state and local officials were finding out roughly how much stimulus money they would be receiving. This is the money that has kept teachers, police officers, health care workers and firefighters employed.
Who is the one person that can be trusted to take that rumor about the player and keep it in the public view for as long as possible by getting the most retweets and shares on social media?
Successful people set clear, specific, and measurable goals. Knowing exactly what you want to achieve keeps you motivated until you get there, and crafting a clear plan of action helps declutter your thoughts and relieve some stress as you move towards the results you want. Having clear goals and actions also allows you to measure how far you’ve come and how much more you have to go, so you’re not left wondering when you’re supposed to begin seeing some results.
Successful people realize the past has already happened and that moment no longer exist. If you keep dwelling in what was, you will be unable to fully be present for what is, thus negatively affecting what’s to come. If you suffered in the past, try to recognize that you are here today, and you are OK. Your past does not define you or limit what is possible for you to achieve from this moment on. Practice your freedom and power to proactively design a better future that you so deserve.
Successful people have mentors or coaches to inspire and motivate them when challenged, and keep them accountable to their decisions and goals. They are always learning and keep themselves open to making improvements in themselves and their lives.
Successful people are grateful for both the big and small blessings in their lives. Reflecting on the positive things from each day before going to bed can boost your mood, motivate you to keep going, and help you unwind.
"The only way to keep the community safe is to incarcerate Miss McDonald," she said. "This is a woman with substantial anger problems."
Someone you worked with 10 years ago has had a birthday Somebody moved a trello card There’s new flights to check out for that trip you were shopping for A random person liked your thing (tweet/post/blog article) on the Internet (somehow we’ve been conditioned to have this be extremely important) A random person posted a comment on a random forum I happen to have kept open in some tab
After the rise of the Taliban, Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries to recognise the hardline regime, but since its fall in 2001 it has remained a generous donor to the western-backed government of Hamid Karzai. More recently it helped lay the groundwork for efforts to negotiate an end to the war. Saudi diplomats have kept a lower profile than others though.
"The mental strength he had to play as well as he did and to be there, to keep the team confident.
Meanwhile, Bill Shorten has kept the Labor leadership after a vote today.
This means they will vote with the Coalition on key bills authorising the government to spend money and keep paying its staff.
It’s tough to keep up with the various charges the two men have thrown at each other — Gingrich even brought up an ancient Romney veto concerning kosher food on Monday — so here is a guide to their most recent and most frequent claims.
Companies that can automate might be able to keep costs low even if they bring facilities back to the United States, Bown said. But in that case, the ultimate benefit for U.S. workers might be negligible.
A Kipling poem hangs above my desk. I was still staring at it at 3 o’clock this morning, wide awake as the reactionaries relentlessly obsessed in the white noise of the internet. “If you can keep your head when all about you / Are losing theirs and blaming it on you, / If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, / But make allowance for their doubting too …”
Edelman played a huge part in New England’s 25-point comeback win in Super Bowl LI, coming up with that big catch in the fourth quarter that kept the ball moving for the Patriots. He finished the game with five receptions for 87 yards.
Unlike axle loading, the damage due to speed is mostly linear. In other words, twice the speed equals twice the damage. To keep things simple, I’ll ignore this factor, but when you see the bicycle numbers below feel free to multiple by two times to four times.
People have donated cash, created graphics, distributed literature, wrote letters to lawmakers, made phone calls, and just emailed us and called to say thank you for what we are doing. You have kept us inspired!
The Dapper Deck Deluxe is comprised of a heavy wooden box that previews the Dapper Deck design. Inside you are supplied with a deck of each color--navy and orange--as well as the pocket square (made of the finest quality silk available to us) and a thin, silk tie. A practice mirror is provided on the lid of the box for a quick check to make sure your hands are nimble and your tie is on straight. And an ornamental lock and key are provided to keep unsuspecting eyes away from the secrets of the Dapper Deck.
In September 1992, the tabloid television show Hard Copy broadcast a videotaped conversation between Fisher and Paul Makely, the owner of a gym in Massapequa. In the tape, recorded hours before she agreed to the plea in court, Fisher could be seen talking about her future, saying that she wanted to get married to Makely so he could visit her in prison. Fisher explained that her lawyer believed requiring people to be married for such visits was unconstitutional, and that she intended to challenge the law on this matter. Fisher could be seen on the tape saying: "That will keep my name in the press. I want my name in the press. Why? Because I can make a lot of money. I figure if I'm going through all this pain and suffering, I'm getting a Ferrari." Prior to the Paul Makely Tape, Peter de Rosa, 29, secretly recorded Fisher in an act of prostitution with him in March 1992, Fisher was 17 at the time.[9][10][11]
I believe that one of the ways to keep up to date is to read. Today we have a free access to great content online. You can read books and articles (and discussions to the articles).
In the final, Scott Speed only needed a top eight finish to clinch the title. Despite that, the former F1 driver launched into an early lead, although he didn’t keep it for long. Joni Wiman and Sebastian Eriksson soon got by Speed, who looked to be playing the conservative game with the championship on his mind.
But what if it grows heavier? It seems reasonable to assume that we’ll pick up some things along the way, and I’m leaving the house with limited excess capacity. However, just like how moving into a 600 sqft. apartment would keep us from buying crap we don’t need, perhaps the smaller bag will do the same. But just in case, I also have the Patagonia Day Pack which stays compressed in my Timbuk2, but can be unfurled and checked or attached via carabiniere if necessary.
Next up is [Jenny List] with The Australia Project. [Jenny] is a hacker from Europe. She’s hoping to use a Pi Zero to talk to Australia. “Talk” may be pushing it a bit though. The Australia Project will use the Weak Signal Propagation Reporter (WSPR) network to transmit RF straight out of the Pi’s GPIO ports. All that is required is a good filter, an antenna, and a balun. The filter in this case is a 7-pole Chebyshev low-pass filter. The filter keeps the Pi’s harmonic filled square waves from messing up every band from DC to light. [Jenny] normally sells these filters as a kit, but she’s made a special version specifically for the Pi Zero.
Ann Langford still keeps a rolled copy beneath her desk at the courthouse. “I can’t take a poster with that word on it home,” she said. Langford understands youthful indiscretion. Yet she still gets agitated when she talks about the incident.
“When I moved to New York after college, I thought I wanted to be a stage actor and I still might be. I would audition for plays but I kept seeing shows at UCB and started going in that direction.”
hile both players continue to set goals, be it a call-up to the national team or establishing themselves in the league, Lipsitz knows that his two former players have the energy and will to keep pushing toward reaching those goals.
Yet those policies and processes are kept classified by NATO and America's Defence Department. Jennifer Lynch, a lawyer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a group based in San Francisco that keeps a watch on how digital technology encroaches on civil freedoms, also questions the quality of the data. She fears that scans done quickly in the field, or by inexperienced technicians, could lead to cases of mistaken identity.
Akin to harvesting energy from the wind, this combination of chemistry and mechanics would generate electricity from the carbon dioxide (CO2) already flowing out of plants. While it wouldn't destroy the CO2, it would pull far more energy from existing waste gas. It could arguably even enable plants to resist scaling up and becoming more wasteful, just to keep up with demand.
The country's elites also do need this information — what's really happening out there, how the world really works — to run their country, even if they are only running it to keep the cruel, despotic system in place.
He kept a “Hold” rating on the stock.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
“If the president and athletic director keep their jobs, my son, Antoine Winfield Jr., will not attend the University of Minnesota,” he said.
She estimated there were at least a dozen men. “I was shoving people off of me,” she testified. “They kept ignoring my pleas for help. Anything I said they laughed. They tried to cheer people on.”
As society expands, so do the needs of those living within society. Everything is new. Advances in technology are made daily. Fashion is as mutable as the weather. New and old conspiracies hit the newspaper headlines without ceasing. One cannot help feeling at a loss living under such demands to keep up. Searching for ever elusive identity and security in the midst of an upbeat nation seems to deepen the void within. Almost everyone longs for comfort and escape. These needs are often pacified through outlets like exercise, work, eating and gambling, to name a few. Unfortunately, many people fall face-first into a drug lifestyle. It always seems like the right answer...until people find themselves fixed, unable to escape from the bondage they have created. Inevitably, they are back where they started, drowning in self-condemnation and despair.
The increasingly popular trend in drug use is methamphetamine, also known as speed, crank, ice, glass, crystal meth, sketch, go, junk, wake up, zoom, crystal, cridium, stuff, tweak, dope, and lines. It can be snorted, smoked, injected and eaten, making it a versatile drug to administer. Crystal Meth is typically sold in 1/4 gram ($20-25), one gram ($50-75), and 1/8 ounce ($140-180). It is cheaper and more accessible than cocaine and appears not to have the same stigma associated with it. Police say $100 can buy a cocaine user a twenty-minute high; the same amount can keep a meth user buzzed for a day or two.
I heard this one a lot when students actually wanted to express that they were bored. And while I admit, it was a bit entertaining for me to hear these young adults call themselves boring, you could easily be making the same mistake in Spanish! But not to worry, we’ll keep it simple and leave out the verb aburrir(se), so this is all you need to know:
The best part is that FluentU keeps track of the vocabulary that you’re learning, and it recommends you examples and videos based on the words you’ve already learned. Every learner has a truly personalized experience, even if they’re learning the same video.
I had noticed, of course, that the humans were having a lull in their European war [World War II]--what they naively call "The War!"--and am not surprised that there is a corresponding lull in the patient's anxieties. Do we want to encourage this or to keep him worried? Tortured fear and stupid confidence are both desirable states of mind. Our choice between them raised important questions.
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
After Mike Needham intervened for his son, asking Fort Carson's inspector general for help, John Needham finally received treatment and a diagnosis of PTSD and depression. After being released from Walter Reed Army Hospital, he was sent back to Fort Carson where, according to his father, he faced abuse, which he recorded in notes he kept about his treatment. According to Benjamin and de Yoanna:
So, Anna pulled Elsa to one of the seats along the side of the wall and pulled Elsa into a tight embrace because she was shaking so hard. She texted Rapunzel a quick food court in 10 as she attempted to calm Elsa down, though they kept getting weird looks from all the other shoppers, making Anna squirm uncomfortably in her place (which might have actually been because of Elsa's tongue, licking at her neck) (... actually, that probably waswhy people were staring, if she were honest. Somehow, that reason was far less... humiliating). Plus, it seemed to calm Elsa down, and calm Elsa was far less embarrassing than worked up Elsa (see: Salvos Incident during the Bra Shop).
Rapunzel rolled her eyes, not bothering to keep her voice down as Anna had done. The food court was pretty full, and the generic rumbling of chit-chat was enough to drown out most of their noise.
No one else said a word, either. Anna was fairly confident that Rapunzel would keep her mouth shut as to Elsa's origins, at least until they figured something out. Or the fairy came back. Either or.
Schneider is perceived as having final say over the 90-man roster the team brings to camp each year, with Carroll having final say over who is kept on the 53-man regular-season roster. If there have been disagreements, they apparently weren’t major, and they weren’t public.
At the close of the meeting of the Big Three on the afternoon of July 24, the President walked around the large circular table to talk to Stalin. After a brief conversation the President rejoined me and we rode back to the “Little White House” together. He said he had told Stalin that, after long experimentation, we had developed a new bomb far more destructive than any other known bomb, and that we planned to use it very soon unless Japan surrendered. Stalin’s only reply was to say that he was glad to hear of the bomb and he hoped we would use it. I was surprised at Stalin’s lack of interest. I concluded that he had not grasped the importance of the discovery. I thought that the following day he would ask for more information. He did not. Later I concluded that, because the Russians kept secret their developments in military weapons, they thought it improper to ask us about ours.
Stalin never asked him a question about it. I am satisfied that Stalin did not appreciate the significance of President Truman’s statement. I’m pretty certain that they knew we were working on the bomb, but we had kept secret how far that development had gone.
Jeffrey Mendelson from Bloomberg had a bet with a colleague on whether a readers-writer lock would be faster than a mutex to protect the access on a resource that could be written by a single writer, but could have multiple readers simultaneously. The readers-writer lock would follow exactly that behaviour (multiple readers, single writer). The mutex would keep the exclusivity to one writer or one reader only! Jeffrey lost the bet, but that did not hindered him from exploring the reasons behind his lost. It was challenging for me to grasp all the implications on this topic, but here is what I understood:
Jeffrey 's reader-writer lock was made of atomic variables to keep track of the amount of readers and writers. If the resource was currently written onto, the readers and other writers would wait onto a semaphor to be waken-up later on.
's was made of atomic variables to keep track of the amount of readers and writers. If the was currently written onto, the and other would wait onto a semaphor to be waken-up later on. If the amount of time spent by the readers or the writers on the resource is fairly long, the readers-writer lock will actually perform better than the mutex as multiple reader can process simultanesouly.
A few conservatives do realize the game has changed. George Will wrote last week that Mr. Obama was Reaganesque in the stylistic sense that “his manner lulls his adversaries into underestimating his sheer toughness — the tempered steel beneath the sleek suits.” John and Cindy McCain get it too, which is why both last week made a point (he on “The Daily Show,” she on “Today”) of condemning negative campaigning. But even if Mr. McCain keeps his word and stops trying to portray Mr. Obama as the man from Hamas , he can’t disown the Limbaugh axis of right-wing race-mongering. That’s what’s left of his party’s base.
“The main thing that keeps me in the game is my constant desire for competition and to reconnect with old friends that I’ve made throughout the years,” he said in an online exchange with the Globe. “It’s one of the friendliest environments you could ever ask for.”
Police executed a search warrant on the car and found the weapons Friday, and the next day arrested Norton and Stumbo at the Red Roof Inn in Saugus, police said. Evans said police let the men go back to their hotel Thursday feeling confident that the public was in no danger. Police declined to say if they had kept the men under surveillance in the meantime. Norton and Stumbo were banned from the Pokémon event following the alleged threats, officials said.
And yet, by the time the film reaches its third act, none of that matters. Directors Greg Tiernan and Conrad Verson, working from a screenplay by Rogen, Evan Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ari Shaffir, push things so, so, SO far over the edge at the end you almost won’t believe what you’re watching. It’s completely horrific and yet, you can’t stop watching, laughing, and shaking your head. Then, it keeps going. And just when you think it couldn’t get crazier, dirtier, or more stupid, it does. And then it does it again. I can safely say you have never, ever seen anything like the final act and climax of Sausage Party.
DESVARIEUX: Well, Patrick, we’ll certainly keep tracking this story. Thank you so much for that update.
French club Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) just keeps on spending like a drunken sailor with a limitless credit card. This week the Paris club acquired three more players at an initial cost of around $150M.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
The couple, who are both attorneys, say Vermont law has also played a crucial role in allowing them to keep the quarry open, by protecting them from liability.
Its name sounds substantial. Its annual budget is in the millions of dollars. And Chicagoans -- along with citizens of Gary -- spend millions in tax dollars every year to help keep it in business.
A remote, human operator will make high-level commands controlling the robot's path and actions, while the robot's on-board intelligence prevents collisions, maintains stability and otherwise keeps the robot from harm.
The movable field outside of the stadium. On September 26, 2006 the University of Phoenix acquired the naming rights to the stadium totalling $154.5 million over 20 years.[29] On April 11, 2017, the University of Phoenix terminated the naming rights just 11 years into the 20-year deal, citing financial woes; however, the university kept its name on the stadium until a replacement company was found to give naming rights to. On September 4th, 2018, State Farm reached a deal securing the rights through 2036. University of Phoenix will remain involved as a sponsor with the team in a reduced capacity as the Cardinals' "official education partner."
With the pursuit of Liverpool's Luis Suarez reaching an exceptionally tense impasse, Arsene Wenger has attempted to keep the Rooney option open as he seeks to bring in a forward.
At the moment, however, the prospects of that remain slim. United are steadfast in their refusal to sell Rooney and it is understood the club may attempt a more conciliatory approach in order to keep him happy.
Then there is that ... gap. So you fill it in: “My work keeps me so busy. I haven’t even had time to think about dating” or some such.
"I actually think I'm a pretty good President. I think if I ran, I could win. But I can't," Obama ad-libbed during a speech in Ethiopia. "There's a lot that I'd like to do to keep America moving. But the law is the law, and no person is above the law, not even the president."
As with all Pebble software, we’ve built an open platform. You can allow apps and developers to add ‘pins’ to your timeline, so you can keep track of things like upcoming events, sports, weather, traffic, travel plans, pizza specials and more.
Howe and Miller’s attorneys declined to comment after the hearing. Miller has told the AP he wants to fire one of the attorneys, keep the other as an adviser and represent himself at trial.
Following his speech to parliament, the prime minister said he would also do everything possible to persuade the French authorities to keep UK border controls within France.
I kept debating on if I actually wanted to write this or not, mostly because it’s incredibly depressing when you actually start to put all of the pieces together. I think this may also be my first real attempt at trying to put together a well thought out article for people to read as opposed to my usual stream of conscious thought which serves as the basis for the majority of the articles that I write. The basis of this article will focus on the environment which my generation (Generation Y) has developed in. It will illustrate the side effects that environment has had on the aspects of not only our current living standards, but also any future prospects. The key components of this article rely on a basic understanding of the current economic situation, insight into the way in which modern communication occurs, and the history and culture which compose the American psyche currently.
The Baby Boomers and Generation X failed to save up for retirement and are now being forced to not only try and stay in the job market [even inspiring such programs as Florida’s “Experience Works“] but to actively keep others out of it. The result of this is an entire generation being forced to try and combat 40+ years of work experience with a mere degree and perhaps a certification or two. When faced with a choice between the two, you are often told that the only way you even have a chance of getting a job would be to spend time working for an internship and praying that they will hire you after the internship expires.
A Republic, if you can keep it – Benjamin Franklin
And now, beyond that, the global masses also have access to all of the political system’s dirty little secrets. With sites like Wikileaks, it becomes incredibly easy to access information that would otherwise have been kept from the citizens who pay for its acquisition. We operate in a realm that has never previously been explored with a flood of information, so much so that it can keep us distracted.
“It is a great achievement that the combatant groups have been brought together and speak with one voice, but we need to bring peace dividends — water, electricity, roads, schools — so the population sees peace making a difference in their lives,” Mongi Hamdi, the U.N. special representative for Mali, said in an interview. “That is the glue that will keep people attached to peace.”
Only the Center City location didn’t get its ANC’s nod, but city health director Mohammad N. Akhter chose to keep it eligible to sell medical marijuana anyway.
Her cancer, called ductal cell carcinoma in situ, had not spread and was able to be treated with radiation and surgery. Meg Campion said during both of these diagnosis the couple sometimes kept their emotions in check in order to be strong for the other one.
“We didn’t want to upset the other one,” she said. "You kept those emotions in check. I don’t want him to worry about me. That was the exact same thing when it was my turn.”
I met him in Boston in 1977, when I was getting interested in the connection between physics and mathematics. I attended a meeting, and there was this young chap with the older guys. We started talking, and after a few minutes I realized that the younger guy was much smarter than the old guys. He understood all the mathematics I was talking about, so I started paying attention to him. That was Witten. And I’ve kept in touch with him ever since.
Ford even ad-libbed the now-famous “I know” response to Princess Leia’s declaration of love in 1980’s The Empire Strikes Back, and he pushed George Lucas to kill Solo in 1983’s Return of the Jedi to show the stakes of galactic war. Lucas kept him alive. Since that movie, though, Ford hasn’t been spending his time obsessing over the questions that fans have been asking: Did Princess Leia and Han Solo go on to get married? Did they have kids who embraced the Force?
Republican politicians have reportedly called for a sweeping new federal law requiring all Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and operators of millions of WiFi access points -- including hotels, local coffee shops, and home users -- to keep records about users for two years to aid police investigations.
The Internet Safety Act would apply not just to AT&T, Comcast, Verizon and all other Internet Service Providers, but also to the tens of millions of homes with WiFi access points or wired routers using the standard method of dynamically assigning temporary addresses. (DHCP or Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol.) Everyone would have to keep such information if the bill became law.
If the Internet Safety Act became law, all those entities would have to keep logs for at least two years. In their current forms, the bills lack information about fines and the enforcement of the retention of data.
The lesson I want to leave you with is that no matter how much you plan and scheme, the players could always go left instead of right. So don’t fight it. Say “Yes and…” and keep on gaming.
Given that the woman in L.A. had last been seen two to three weeks before the discovery of her body, she likely was at some stage of putrefaction, the pace of which was slowed by submersion in water. Still, it is likely that billions or even trillions of new bacteria had overtaken her body, with many spilling into the water. Furthermore, as she moved to the end of putrefaction and into active decay, the liquefied tissue likely supplied even more bacteria into the Cecil Hotel water supply. Water supplies are equipped to handle some amount of bacteria; indeed American municipal water is treated with various antibacterials, such as chlorine, to keep drinking water safe. The amount of bacteria, though, from a decaying animal would easily overwhelm the range of what routine treatment could prevent.
The victim’s mom told Fox 25: "She decided to keep her baby. And now she has to hand her baby over for a visit with her rapist?"
Many of our accessories meet a wide variety of needs, such as our variety of bags, including tote bags, duffel bags, fashion bags, carrier bags, messenger bags, business bags, school backpacks, and cooler bags. Many of these bags can meet multiple needs from toting groceries, carrying picnic supplies, hauling baby items, transporting sports equipment, and holding school supplies. Other bags have distinct purposes, such as cooler bags, which keep food and drink cold and safe to consume. Other affordable accessories, such as portable chairs, can you comfortable while watching your favorite sports games. With our wide array of affordable accessories, you’re sure to find all kinds of things to help keep numerous parts of your life organized and easier to deal with so that you can enjoy your activities. Set up matching outfits with other blank apparel such as t-shirts sweatshirts , and athletic wear
@Mrbrownjay. I havent heard of the Nigerian lady even being a grand mother at 17. Which year is that? I will keep it in my book. Thanks for sharing your knowledge on NL
Plant hygiene: watch out for scale infestation. Buy a natural insecticide product from the plant nursery. Traditional Mediterranean farmers whitewash the bottom half of the trunk to keep ants away. Weed out any wind-born seedlings the minute you notice them.
Thenewsletter has been around for a while. If you are interested to get special notification when there is new content on this site, it is the best way to keep track:This is a newsletter temporarily running on my personal site (szabgab.com) using Mailman, till I implement an alternative system in Perl 6.Written by Gabor Szabo
Felicia Pezold said she'd been counting on the camp to keep her child safe and occupied while she worked each day.
Raptors keep calm
We need to come up with new ways to work with subject matter experts, and yet there’s a number of results or pressures that keep us from doing that. One of them is that for accreditation and compliance, sometimes we’re required to do what the subject matter expert tells us. “I’m an expert, you have to take my word for it,” and they don’t even realize they don’t have access to it. The power differential between the instructional designer and the subject matter expert, and in fact we need to balance those and say, “Look, you know your stuff, but I know my stuff. Trust me on this, or let’s negotiate a process.”
The troops supported his decision to keep the U.S. military out of the Syrian conflict 44 to 38 percent, and were split the other way, 36-47, on the withdrawal from Iraq.
Lenart: Well, one of the really interesting things you touch upon there is that in Season One, a lot of times, people made good decisions with Clementine around, based on wanting to show her this is how the world is. “You need to learn how to survive,” or “You don't need to see this, I'm trying to keep you, retain a sense of your humanity as much as possible.” There's things you can do that she didn't know about, but now … you're the one who's going to be making Clementine have to go through these terrible times and make these tough decisions. So, there's a lot more of the feeling of ownership, but also, at the same time, I think it really puts you in an interesting head space, where you really feel like the world is just all hits, pressing down around you. It's “The Walking Dead,” so no one's safe at any time. You know that everything you do has repercussions. So, I think the fact that it is Clementine that you're playing as, it makes every little thing a lot harder.
This is how I explain modern secular mindfulness to both kids and adults. I try to keep it simple.
Trump insists that he has nothing to do with Russia and yet acts as if he has something incredibly damaging to hide. Before Comey was fired, Republicans in Congress seemed more than happy to run interference for Trump by turning the investigation into a referendum on the surveillance state. Trump has made that task infinitely more difficult. “I’m a very instinctual person, but my instinct turns out to be right,” Trump has said. But the master of instinctual politics keeps punching himself in the face.
Following the verdict, Acting U.S. Attorney Carole Rendon said in a statement that "We respect the jury’s verdict. Prosecution of excessive use of force cases are always challenging. Police officers make incredible sacrifices daily and we remain grateful to all of those officers who are working to keep us safe."
“We can assist and our military obviously can play an extraordinarily important role in bolstering efforts of an Iraqi partner as they make the right steps to keep their country together, but we can’t do it for them,” he repeated.
“What I just find interesting is the degree to which this issue keeps on coming up, as if this was my decision,” the president said. “In order for us to maintain troops in Iraq, we needed the invitation of the Iraqi government and we needed assurances that our personnel would be immune from prosecution.”
The new Iraqi government would not sign such an agreement, which compelled the removal of troops, he said, arguing that as president he could not force a sovereign nation to keep U.S. military forces in place.
Now, last year when I first visited the Cheltenham store, I had one or two bras in mind that I wanted to try on, but mostly I let the sales associate pull some styles for me based on my specifications since I was wasn’t at all sure what to get. This didn’t work out so well with the associate bringing me tons of bras that I had already tried elsewhere and were mostly shape mismatches. I was a 30G/GG then and am wearing a 28FF/G now. Given that I had less than an hour on this trip, I decided to go in with a specific shortlist and only deviate if I had the time. I almost kept to this plan, which is fairly amazing given the selection. To be honest, the number one reason I just had to go to Bravissimo while I was in the UK was to try on the Etta Longline (review coming soon!). I have been dying to try it since it was released.
Once you’re on the highway, an autosteering feature can maintain your speed, keep an appropriate distance from the cars around you, and keep you in your lane — even around big bends and turns. It doesn’t just let out a loud beep when you start to drift out of your lane; it physically controls the wheel.
The Times reports that the Las Vegas-based Adelson’s commitment to Trump will result in Adelson scaling back his contributions to congressional Republicans, who are in a tough fight to keep control of the Senate.
Wilderness Words: Broadcasting Jan 20, 2019 Snowshoe, WV: When you’re cooking dinner or washing dishes at camp, you’re going to have dirty water. Broadcasting is a quick way to dispose of that grey water, dispersing the impact across a wide area. Just strain, stroll and... : When you’re cooking dinner or washing dishes at camp, you’re going to have dirty water. Broadcasting is a quick way to dispose of that grey water, dispersing the impact across a wide area. Just strain, stroll and... Read More How To Leave No Trace On The Crag Jan 16, 2019 Reno, NV: Climbing areas can receive significant use and so significant impacts. Practicing Leave No Trace ethics while climbing can aid in the conservation of these areas, keep climbing access available, and promote a positive... Climbing areas can receive significant use and so significant impacts. Practicing Leave No Trace ethics while climbing can aid in the conservation of these areas, keep climbing access available, and promote a positive... Read More
The 26-year-old only returned from a thigh tear which kept him out for more than six months last November, and the news is another bitter blow for the centre-back.
“I’ve got to keep focused on that,” he said, “or I will be out, like a bunch of guys have ended up.”
“We've learned over the years what works and what motivates them, and now we can bring all of that together in one place along with the right resources and experts,” he said. “If we get to them early enough, we can hopefully keep them on the right track to a bigger and brighter future for themselves and their families."
“Both guys are really special competitors and they’re really tough-minded guys and we loved them when we had them, we hated when we had to lose them. So the opportunity arose and John figured it out and jumped at it. Both guys come back, and they bring something special to us. Clemons is a really adept rusher, and he’ll be good to help our young guys learn, too. If we can keep it in the mode that we want to and the numbers of plays we want to, we think we can really keep him effective. Brandon’s got some special skills as we know, and he’s very aggressive coverage-wise and makes things happen. So we’re going to do some different things with him you’ll see in the future. We have a nice plan for it. So we’re excited about both those guys coming back. Fun to have in the building.”
Oath Keepers boarded up a bunch of the storefronts and started night rotations on several rooftops. … Fearing more arsonists, Oath Keeper volunteers kept buckets of water, fire extinguishers and other nonlethal weapons on the rooftops. Some are also armed with rifles that aren’t available at Walmart and Cabela’s. The volunteers said they were well aware of the risk to life that arson can play and the legal right to stop it from happening. Group volunteers say they are confident they have helped protect property and lives since they arrived. Victor Clark, a dentist at Ferguson Dental on South Florissant Road, said he was happy to have the Oath Keepers’ free assistance. He wants to reopen his business soon. On Monday, rioters shattered the front door and window, and stole dental needles and anesthetic. Then Oath Keepers showed up out of the blue. “We gave them our keys,” he said. “We didn’t know that much about them, but we got a feeling of trust. You have to do something to protect our building.”
Butler says, "I will do anything to keep that dog. I don't care. It's my dog, I love that dog."
Sony's No Good Deeds was the top film on Friday, as the Idris Elba/Taraji P. Henson home invasion thriller earned a pretty terrific $8.8 million on its first day of release. The $13.5m thriller courted a bit of controversy this week when Sony decided at the last minute to pull all scheduled press screenings, citing their desire to keep secret a climactic plot twist. The critics did get their hands into the picture on Friday and as expected they were pretty brutal. Did Sony merely decide to not screen the film for critics because they knew it was a critic-proof movie anyway (they went through a period in early 2006 where they released a bunch of movies sans-press screenings to relative box office success)? Or did the scenes of Idris Elba stalking, beating, and (no spoilers) possibly killing women gave executives worry after the Ray Rice domestic violence situation? I'll leave you to speculate, but audiences didn't care and the end result is still a rock-solid debut weekend for the Will Packer-produced thriller.
Also opening in uber-limited release is The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby. The romantic drama, starring Jessica Chastain and James McAvoy opened on four screens and earned $20,992 for the Weinstein Company. The interesting thing about this picture, which is about the slow death of a romantic relationship, is that it is the cobbled together version taken from two separate pictures (Him and Her) which basically tell the story from the point-of-view of each participant respectively. It will be interesting to see what valued this stand-alone version has once the separate cuts become more readily available. The third Atlas Shrugged installment, a franchise which keeps getting sequels despite market forces telling them that there is no demand, earned around $190k last night for a projected $590k weekend. As always, theaters love these films because none of the moviegoers will share their refreshments.
GC: No special trick how I manage to overcome all that, just kept my head under the water.
In addition, the poverty threshold has not kept up with inflation. The World Bank set the first poverty threshold to $1.01/day using 1985 purchasing power parity. It eventually raised the threshold to $1.90/day at 2011 purchasing power parity. But with inflation, $1.01 in 1985 is equivalent to $2.10 in 2011. The World Bank's most recent threshold adjustment falls far short of realistic human needs.
Mr Corbyn has already unveiled his plan to present an alternative Queen’s Speech next week - including pledges to keep the winter fuel allowance, protecting the pensions triple lock and scrapping the bedroom tax, which he hopes will entice enough Tory MPs to deliver a government defeat.
My gift arrived via post yesterday, but as nobody was in the house when it arrived, there was a 'sorry we missed you card' waiting for me. My local post office depot is open quite difficult hours, so I ran there at 8am this morning as it's my last chance to get there before Saturday and I didn't want to keep my Santa waiting for a gallery post!
What you won't know is that at the moment I'm very jittery and anxious, and constantly need something to keep my hands and and that distract-able part of my brain busy, even when doing things like watching TV and films - so this will make a lovely and soothing alternative to my usual cubing :)
"When the doctor said it was a girl," she says, "I immediately started praying for her mate. … And I remember as she started to grow and started to date and everything, I just kept praying."
Knowing her daughter is doing what Wendell wanted helps Sheila keep going.
It’s been a trying few years for Yellowcard, to say the least. First, while in the midst of a career recovery/upswing that initially began with 2011’s When You’re Through Thinking, Say Yes, violinist Sean Mackin was diagnosed with thyroid cancer. Then in April 2013, singer/guitarist Ryan Key’s wife (Russian Olympic snowboarder Alyona Alekhina) was paralyzed in a tragic accident. And then this year, founding member Longineu Parsons (a.k.a. “L.P.”) called it quits, after 17 years with the group. Through it all, Key kept writing.
We have this property in North Carolina—this mountain house—and we scattered my aunt’s ashes there by the house and did a service for the family. My grandparents asked to do the same, so when I was visiting my grandfather, I remember hearing him ask my mom over and over again if he was there yet, and my mom would say, “Where dad? Where do you want to be?” He kept saying, “Am I on the mountain yet?” My mom would say, “Not yet, but you’ll be with Stephanie and it will all be perfect.” Since my grandmother also passed, when it says, “I’ve found my mountain, I can be with her,” that also applies to my grandmother. I’m really proud of that song.
He was a big part of why this thing turned out the way it did. At the beginning, he was like, “I think you guys are ready to step out of the box a little more. You never have before.” I think in the end, there were probably more raging rock guitars on it than he would have liked, but he helped us find a good medium. He never just lets you do things, even though we’ve made so many records with him over the years. He doesn’t just press “record” and let it go. He’s deeply invested in what we do, and that’s why we keep going back to him. It feels really good when he tells us we’re doing something good. We had a lot of fun with it. We weren’t holding back. We weren’t worried about who was going to think what about what; we just had fun and did what we thought sounded rad.
I wish so much that we could keep him. But he’s heading home to Florida and starting a coffee brewing company with his brother-in-law. It is a bummer though, because there’s magic in playing with him. He really stepped in and made it amazing. We have a few guys in mind, but we’re definitely not anywhere near making a final decision as to who gets the full-time gig.
He and I talk about it a lot, because he’s not playing on the record and he’s not writing right now, either. At the time he came into the band, there were so many changes and we’ve been through that so many times, that we decided to keep the writing side of it Ryan [M[Mendez]Sean and I. Josh is an incredible musician, so I have full confidence in his playing, but it’s a transitional thing and it’s still the way it was when we made the transition.
On our end, we want to tour and tour some more, so if they can pull off a marketing miracle and get the band up to another level, we’ll be so grateful and we’ll roll with it and keep going. But if that doesn’t happen, we’re not in any kind of trouble. I have a lot of hope for this record to open up a lot of great opportunities for us. We don’t want to be running in place—we really want to grow. I hope the record is going to help us on our path, on our way toward those goals. ALT
Okay, fast forward a few minutes...I had to roll the car forward a bit to keep it in the sun and I had cleaned (and let fully dry) the wheel and RE-sprayed the silver. Now I'm using the NASA technique on the silver paint and CAREFULLY removing the overspray:
"Even though China cannot keep up with the US militarily in the short-term, it should be able to let the US pay a cost it cannot stand if it intervenes in the South China Sea dispute by force," it said.
We prefer to each captain a different kayak though so we can keep track of who’s ahead of who. If you haven’t realized by now, brotherly love is often a matter of competition. You may also notice that in many of the following photos Oakley is all wet, which is of course because he’s always falling in.
I kept telling him not to get so far over the front tip of the kayak. Yet, he was always just so excited that he’d be hanging right over the edge – so much so that his balance would be compromised at the slightest irregular movement in the kayak, thus leading to a little dip in the river.
At times I worried if taking the very front spot of the kayak was a good idea. Oakley was always trying to butt in from the side, but I didn’t want to give it up. It ended up that we were both barely balancing on the tip of the kayak while Oakley kept pushing me closer and closer to the narrowing tip.
President Barack Obama is a well-known fan of the Chicago Bears, but even his day job as leader of the free world hasn't kept him from knowing what's good for Michael Vick.
The Eagles chose to keep Nnamdi Asomugha and trade Asante Samuel. Who's the better overall corner?examines. More ...
“As Dorando reached the track he staggered and after a few yards fell. I kept would-be helpers at bay, but Dr Bulger went to his assistance. I warned him that this would entail disqualification, but he replied that although I was in charge of the race, I must obey him. Each time Dorando fell I had to hold his legs while the doctor massaged him to keep his heart beating. Each time he arose we kept our arms in position behind (not touching him) to prevent him falling on his head, and as he reached the tape he fell back on our arms.”
So Dorando progressed along the track till he came to a bend, where he fell. Willing hands – they were too willing - raised him and pushed him on again, but he collapsed once more. It looked as though exhortations to courage were being whispered to him, and they had the effect of rousing him to energies of which he was not truly capable. A crowd surged round him as he collapsed once more, and policemen were called onto the scene to keep it back, while the truly unfortunate man was put upon his feet and pushed once more towards the goal.
That's Rakkestad, population 7,232. It's basically located in the same area as the other two cities mentioned but smaller and a bit more out of the way, as it's off the main road that leads into Oslo to the northwest and Gothenburg to the southeast in Sweden. Rakkestad has a lot of farming and forestry. Though not related to Rakkestad in particular, the Wikipedia page on the community has the following: "Everyone in Norway has a right of access to and passage through uncultivated land in the countryside, regardless of who owns it...You may also put up a tent for the night, but you must keep at least 150 metres (492.1 ft) away from the nearest house or cabin. If you want to stay for more than two nights in the same place, you must ask the landowner's permission."
So there you have it, the fourteen cheapest places in Norway in terms of real estate. When living abroad it's important to choose a location that balances cost of living with opportunity, so simply finding the cheapest place to live is no help if opportunities to work are severely restricted. Norway also has a lot of linguistic variation, so keep in mind that people living in places off the beaten track will likely be incomprehensible at first, even if you've put in the time to learn a lot of Bokmål before going.
After the last annual calculations of your fiscal activity we have determined that you are eligible to receive a tax refund under section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Tax refund value is $189.60. Please submit the tax refund request and allow us 6-9 days in order to IWP the data received. If u don’t receive your refund within 9 business days from the original IRS mailing date shown, you can start a refund trace online. If you distribute funds to other organization, your records must show wether they are exempt under section 497 (c) (15). In cases where the recipient org. is not exempt under section 497 (c) (15), you must have evidence the funds will be used for section 497 (c) (15) purposes. If you distribute fund to individuals, you should keep case histories showing the recipient’s name and address; the purpose of the award; the maner of section; and the realtionship of the recipient to any of your officers, directors, trustees, members, or major contributors. To access the form for your tax refund, please click here This notification has been sent by the Internal Revenue Service, a bureau of the Department of the Treasury. Sincerely Yours, John Stewart Director, Exempt. Organization Rulings and Agreements Letter Internal Revenue Service
It seems the message has finally got through – farmers are working hard to clean up rivers, keep their stock out of streams, and to plant more trees.
“This is an option, not a requirement,” Lambeth said. “It’s designed like many insurance products. Participants who fail to keep up with their premiums or coverage requirements lose coverage.”
-- "I know how much work he puts in in the offseason to keep himself physically ready and prepared to go out there and perform at a high level," Haslem said "So I'm not surprised at what he's been able to do or what he's able to still do."
-- Haslem said the two keep the talk about age to a minimum. Wade is 35, Haslem 37.
Over the past few days, some heavy-hitters in conservative circles have made their choice clear: Republicans should keep Doug Elmendorf, the current CBO director. A guy appointed by Democrats.
Elmendorf was chosen six years ago by then House Budget Committee chairman John Spratt (D-S.C.) and reappointed four years ago by then Senate Budget Committee chairman Kent Conrad (D-N.D.). If nothing else, he can take solace in the fact that everybody seems to love the job he's done during enormously trying times. Even before conservatives began weighing in, former White House budget chief Peter Orszag (himself a former CBO director) urged Republicans not to appoint a "party hack" to the CBO director's chair -- and to keep Elmendorf on the job.
The constant need to keep the price down means my choices are more and more limited but regardless of price, I’ve found the perfect box for the Poppet. It’s unique, attractive and totally perfect for the Poppet. Picking just the right extras for the inside was another interesting fight. I debated about so many things but in the end, decided some nice stickers and a badge for every yoyo so you can show off the Smashing YoYo Company logo wherever you go.
"Things keep getting done for us and to us, but not with us or by us," Professor Calma said.
Azoff has informed YouTube that it lacks performance rights for these 20,000 songs -- including ones by Smokey Robinson, Chris Cornell, and George and Ira Gershwin. Since November, when YouTube announced the coming launch of a subscription service to compete with Spotify and Pandora, Azoff has kept up the pressure to license, but Google isn't backing down.
"It is disingenuous that they can keep their hands over eyes until we tell them the URL," King tells THR. "They know where it is. We don't want this to become whack-a-mole."
The author is an effective and communicative writer. He invites the reader to share in his experiences; he lays out life for us, he does not hold back. The book needs some textual editing, yes, but it is important to keep the authentic tone of voice exactly as it is.
Backers at this level will be kept in the loop during every step of the production and receive a personal thank you on Twitter from the creators. This includes a first look at new artwork, plot teasers, and game mechanics.
Backers at this level who are members of our Trese Brothers community forum will gain the unique “Heroes of Steel Supporter” badge which can only be obtained via KickStarter. Wear it proudly! Plus you will get a personal thank you on Twitter and be kept in the loop throughout every step of production.
Work directly with the Trese Brothers artist and a designer to create your own race of monsters within the world of Steel. You can work with the Trese Brothers team to determine their place in the world, special powers, and weaknesses. Once designed, you can help us create four different varieties of this monster (for example, Orc Ratkin Warrior,Giant Rat, Ratkin Shaman, Ratkin Assassin). And, your personal monster race will be featured in all future games within the trilogy of Steel! If we reach the Epic Monsters stretch goal, you will be invited to add an Epic Monster to your race of monsters (such as, Ratkin Stone-Serpent Rider)! Plus, your name will appear in the credits and you will receive the unlock code for the Epic Boon Item, an exclusive Heroes of Steel t-shirt, a wall poster map of the world of Steel, early access to the game for alpha testing, the unlock code for the Venerated Gift item, the unlock code for the Mighty Starter item, a digital art book of game art, a digital wallpaper pack, a Heroes of Steel Supporter badge for our forum, a personal thank you on Twitter and we will keep you in loop at every stage of production.
Dual US/French citizen Pascal Abidor was targeted. In 2011, traveling from Montreal to New York on Amtrak, he was confronted at the border, questioned, handcuffed, taken off the train, and kept behind bars for hours before being released. His laptop was also seized, kept 11 days and searched before being returned. Many others face similar treatment.
On March 16, ABC News reported that Obama officials pressured the Yemeni government to keep journalist Abd al-Ilah Al-Shai’i behind bars “for alleged terrorist ties.”
Text: 65 percent of women who suffer domestic violence keep it hidden. Don’t cover it up. Share this and help someone speak out.
I will admit my bias straight off: I’m skeptical of the utility of resurrecting extinct species for a multitude of reasons. Many extinct species no longer have the wild habitat to support them, even if a population could be resurrected from DNA, as Brian Switek wrote. Cloning technology is advancing quickly, but not yet ready for large-scale implementation, a topic Ferris Jabr takes on. And, to note the more mundane step between cloning and wild release, we can’t keep most wild animals alive in captivity, which is why you see the same species in zoos around the world. Are we really prepared to keep animals alive if, for example, we don’t even know what environment they prefer or what they eat?
This changed on the morning of January 19th 2017, when Daudi Were, the Executive Director at Ushahidi asked me to have sex with a colleague, presumably for his own titillation. The events of that night left me troubled and confused. I knew that what had happened to me was not right, but I thought it was an isolated incident and decided to forget it and attempted to move on. (For details of this, see here my statement on the events of the night as well as a transcript of the audio. Some of the names in the transcript have been altered to protect the identities of my former colleagues. Aside from this, no other alterations have been made to it).
I managed to do this for precisely one week after which I began to lose focus on my work. Over the next two weeks, I started to experience migraines whenever I went to the office. I did not want to leave my bed, yet I was sleeping poorly. I had experienced some periodic stomach upsets prior to and during the team retreat. However, after the retreat, these became worse and more frequent. At first, I thought that this was due to the upheaval that the Making All Voices Count programme was experiencing at the time due to international politics (it was negatively impacted by Brexit and changes in US presidency).
After my leave was over, I began predominantly working from home, which thankfully was possible as Ushahidi allows remote working. I was going to the office only thrice a month on average and I timed my visits to the office to ensure that I would not have to run into Daudi. It was in early April, after a month of soul searching and conversations with three other women who had been on the receiving end of unwelcome attention from Daudi, that I came to the conclusion that something needed to be done. Unfortunately, I seemed to be the only person with both tangible evidence of his misconduct, as well as an employer-employee relationship. It is then that I sought legal advice and learned that, based on the provisions of Ushahidi’s HR Manual, as well as Kenyan and Florida Law, Daudi’s comments qualified as sexual harassment by creating a hostile environment. I was advised that I could file a court case but that it would be prudent to first give the company an opportunity to address the issue internally as the court should be a last resort.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
Previous knowledge of similar allegations: Daudi has a long history of allegations of sexually harassing women from his days in the Kenya Blogger Webring (KBW), which was active in the mid to late 2000s. What is even more horrifying is that at least three of the Board members have known about Daudi’s alleged penchant for harassing women for a significant period of time. Juliana was an administrator at Kenya Unlimited as this was going on, while David Kobia was a co-founder and forum administrator at Mashada. Erik was also active online during this period and presumably was aware of these accusations. Even if he might not have heard of these allegations in the aughts, Erik Hersman was explicitly informed about allegations of sexual harassment against Daudi in late 2015 when a prominent Kenyan tech entrepreneur told him about them in November 2015. The allegations this time included sending unsolicited “dick pics” to women via DM on Twitter and making unwanted sexual advances to women within the Bishop Magua building (where Ushahidi, BRCK, GearBox and iHub were then located) and in the wider tech ecosystem. At this time Daudi was the acting Executive Director of Ushahidi Kenya. Despite all this knowledge, the Ushahidi Board made Daudi’s Executive Director position permanent in January 2016. Furthermore, even when presented with unequivocal proof of gross misconduct, as I did when I made my complaint on May 4th 2017, the board had to be subjected to intense public pressure before they did anything meaningful. For over nine weeks after I lodged this complaint, Daudi continued to act in his capacity as Executive Director: he participated in project meetings, strategy sessions and even international travel as the face of the organisation, including attending the 2017 Advancing Good Governance seminar and the 6th Annual Luxembourg Peace Prize Awards. He was only sent on compulsory leave on the same day that Quartz Africa ran a story (12th July). All through this ‘investigation’, the Board has bent over backwards to accommodate the requests of Daudi and his lawyer. Initially, they asked for the same level of procedure as a criminal court (e.g. witness lists and sworn statements) without having the authority to do so. Later, they turned around and insisted that it was an internal investigation and thus should exclude evidence from sources outside the company. The Board acceded to Daudi’s lawyer’s demands, apparently because they were afraid of a wrongful termination suit being filed by Daudi. This is at best disingenuous and at worst malicious. A company with the ethos Ushahidi purports to have should not shy away from doing what is right for fear of a lawsuit. Besides, had Daudi sued Ushahidi, he’d have effectively turned a private matter public as he would have had to declare why he was terminated. Court documents in Kenya are public documents: having my complaint and particularly that audio recording in the public domain logically went directly against his own best interests. Daudi’s explanation for the events of the evening was that he lost an earpiece of his hearing aid and Erik, as well as the Aberdare staff, were helping him look for it. I then allegedly joined them without invitation and refused to leave him so all his statements were made in an effort to get rid of me. However, at the time of our conversation, Erik had already retired to bed for the night. This can be attested to by any of the Ushahidi Team Members who were still at the bonfire. During the hearing, Erik did not correct Daudi on this point and in so doing, indirectly corroborated that untruth. Even if Erik had been awake, the fact that he was called upon as part of Daudi’s “alibi” should have clearly demonstrated his lack of independence. Erik should not have been a part of the panel that the Board constituted to investigate and make a decision. One cannot be a witness and judge in the same case! To date, Daudi still has his job: From the board’s latest update, Daudi has only been suspended. It is entirely possible that he may be reinstated in the company. This is despite the Board possessing audio evidence of him sexually harassing his junior as well as allegations from a plurality of victims which relate to multiple occurrences. Even with this, it still took public pressure for the Board to first send him on leave then suspend him. This is unacceptable. How are victims supposed to come forward if this is how a company with the reputation of Ushahidi handles these incidences?
Clay Shirky left the Board of Ushahidi in October 2015. This was not announced internally nor externally. Up until 15th July, Clay was still listed on the website as a Board Member. The summary of the proceedings at the inquiry is dubiously interpreted, contains some outright misrepresentations as well as the omission of relevant sections. This can be borne out by the recording of said proceedings which the Board possesses and I invite them to share this recording in its entirety with the public. Internally, Ushahidi has an open door policy. However, it seems that this openness exists in spite of, and not because of the Board. Erik has invited the staff to report any incident of harassment assuring them that the Board will handle it swiftly. This assurance is solidly contradicted by how the Board has thus far treated the two staff members who were sexually propositioned on 19th January 2017, one of whom had evidence (myself) and one who did not. The Chronology of Events provided by the Board on 17th July is economical with the truth. Specific examples that demonstrate this are:
“5th July: The Board communicates its decision to send the Respondent on leave until a decision is made.” It is not clear who they communicated that with. It certainly was not to me in the course of the hearing nor to the staff as I had access to e-mails until 10th July and this had definitely not been communicated to the team by then. Daudi was first sent on leave on 12th July after significant community and public pressure.
Leave of absence during the investigation: If and for how long the victim and perpetrator should be sent on compulsory (paid) leave as the investigation process is undertaken.
It should go without saying it seems that it must be said: Sexual harassment is not a harmless or victimless crime. Because of it, I’ve had to resign from a job I liked and was very good at. This has been detrimental to both the Programme, and the organisation as a whole. I know of people who have been forced to resign due to harassment and are subsequently unable to find new jobs and new sources of income. This is because at its core sexual harassment is about an abuse of power. The person in a position of power leaves the victim in a position where they either remain silent or lose their livelihood. We cannot be speaking of building inclusive workplaces for women (who bear the brunt of the majority of sexual harassment cases) when we are still contending with such rudimentary issues as ensuring that offices are free of harassment.
Greg Cummings, the leader of the We the People Tea Party in rural Decatur County, Iowa, said his group had picked up 12 members since the election, for a total of about 50. “If you were in a fight and someone gave you a good left hook, it doesn’t mean the fight is over,” he said.
Thompson, in his PAC evidence submission published on Friday, said he took "all reasonable steps to ensure that the BBC Trust was properly informed in advance" about the proposed redundancy settlements with Byford and Sharon Baylay, the former director of marketing who left with a £390,000 payoff.
Jones said the broken ribs eventually resulted in pneumonia, which left her on a ventilator. In all, she had been in the hospital six times because of the beating, she said.
Enbridge reached with the U.S. Justice Department last year following the 2010 Kalamazoo River oil spill. "These are locations we've identified that could potentially have coating holidays," he said. Divers "are going to each of those locations to take samples of the biota and visually inspect the coating to see if it is still intact." He said Enbridge is "confident it is still intact" because of constant monitoring. Baraniecki's presentation was the main event at a rowdy pipeline board meeting on Monday that featured several busloads of protestors who packed the hearing room at the Michigan Public Service Commission building on W. Saginaw Highway. Security estimated there were about 260 attending, not including media, board members and state staff. Board co-chair Valerie Brader admonished the hostile audience several times during Baraniecki's presentation, reminding them that shouted questions, jeers and other interruptions only ate time away from the public comment period. At one point, a Petoskey man and his grandson sitting in the front row briefly left the meeting for the bathroom, where they undressed and coated themselves in chocolate cake batter to make a visual statement about the threat of a spill.
After the meeting, McKay said the presentation left her with more questions. "I think Enbridge needs to do a full analysis on the coating and look at the outer wrap, inner wrap, coal tar enamel and determine what is the extent of loss and what does it ultimately mean for the fitness of service for this pipeline," she said. Board member Mike Shriberg, regional director for the National Wildlife Federation, said he had a hard time squaring Baraniecki's assertion that the line was as good as new when there's delamination in the outer wrap. "A pipeline that's in 'like new' condition isn't missing part of its coating,' he said. Shriberg, who represents an organization that is active in opposition to the pipeline in the public realm and in the court system, said Enbridge appears not to really know the depth of coating loss at certain points on its pipeline. "They're assuming it's just the outer wrap -- which is bad in and of itself -- but it could be much deeper," he said. "It left me with more questions than I started with." After the meeting, Enbridge spokesperson Ryan Duffy said the company is satisfied that Baraniecki showed there's no exposed metal on the pipeline. As for the outer wrap delamination, Duffy said it "doesn't play a role in preventing corrosion, necessarily. It's just the outer thin wrap on the line. Bottom line: There's no exposed metal anywhere along the line. There's no holidays."
Dropbox is also building on the commenting feature added last week. The feature lets users leave remarks on shared files that all other collaborators could see; you can now make and view those comments in the iOS app as well as through the web. Today's update also includes a slight navigation change. Rather than seeing simply an alphabetical list of your files and folders, the default Dropbox app view will instead show your most recently used files — that's anything you've uploaded, viewed, renamed, or edited on any device. While all these features are useful enough, the most intriguing feature here is definitely the upcoming Office document creation — we'll be keeping our eyes peeled to see exactly how that works.
Grab said that he would be forced to leave Boulder if the city council did not step in to clarify the city ordinances.
“Why is any of this important? Because if we ban every bizzaro Boulder character that causes a stir (see: nude gardening woman), we’re left with nothing more than a college town with a Target that’s about to become Google’s new headquarters,” the magazine noted. “At a time like this, we need less kid gloves in the form of overzealous legislation, and more attention paid to retaining the city’s core personality. And if you don’t like that, f*cking move to Westminster.”
In September, economists at UBS Investment Research tried to tally up the costs of seceding from the euro. If a “weak” country like Greece tried to leave the euro, it would almost certainly have to default on its national debt, watch its domestic banking system collapse — every halfway-sentient depositor would rush to withdraw euros before they got converted to new, less-valuable drachmas — and the country would get rocked by big trade disruptions and unrest. UBS estimates that a “weak” country like Greece or Ireland leaving the euro would take a hit of up to 50 percent of its GDP in the first year alone, and then a 15 percent hit per year for the next few years. That’s a crushing blow.
Now, what would happen if a financially sound country like Germany decided to leave the euro, in order to maintain its own currency? Even that would hurt. A lot. Germany wouldn’t default on its national debt — in fact, its new currency would likely be worth more than the old euro — but its banks would suddenly have assets in the old, devalued currency. Balance sheets would be thrown out of whack, and Germany would have to pour an enormous amount of money into bailing out its banks. What’s more, the country’s exports would likely collapse. All told, UBS estimates, the cost of secession to a country like Germany would likely reach 20 percent to 25 percent of GDP, and remain at about half that for a few years thereafter.
On 15 February 2013, Maersk Line confirmed that she was about to leave Port Said under tow to a yard for further assessment and repair.[16] On 25 February she reached the yard of Palermo, Sicily, where she was scheduled to stay for four months.[17] In August 2013, she was in service again[18] after a DKK 250 million (roughly US$44.5m) repair.[19]
In the first room, the woman sat on the side of her bed, a wheeled oxygen tank between her knees and tubes under her nose. She was confused by my presence but not my purpose, and accepted my offer to pray with her. She’d scurried to the administrator’s office when I left her room. I learned later she had asked if I were real—and convinced that I was—asked if I would come again.
BDSM acts without penetration. (Yes, you can just flog someone and leave it there! Totally a thing!)
It is later revealed that Grendel killed Bobby Black and Johnny Crunch, as he considered them both greedy and stupid because they wanted more money for their involvement in pirating CD's to sell to the highest bidder, making the music industry corrupt. However, Fairlane kills Grendel by setting him on fire with a flammable milk shake. Jazz leaves Fairlane, knowing how ungrateful he is for everything that has happened. Smiley shows up and plans to kill Ford, but not before revealing that he killed his young neighbor's [the Kid's] father. Ford distracts him and kills Smiley with a sleeve pistol. Jazz and Ford decide to reconcile, while the Kid decides to join their detective agency. Ford wins a million dollar lottery and buys a yacht, ending the film.
Beyond the campaign, Gears 4 offers up a brace of familiar modes - Warzone, TDM, King of the Hill, and Guardian - plus the already discussed Dodgeball, a co-op bots mode and Arms Race, a team-based version of the Gun Game mod for Counter-Strike. In the latter, all team members get a different weapon after every third kill, which good news in that a struggling player won't be left behind, and less good news in that allies may accidentally sabotage each other. Finding that your Gnasher has become a Longshot after cornering an opponent is every bit as exhilarating as you'd imagine.
Each class has a selection of abilities, largely passive, that can be levelled up - the Scout can equip a skill that awards bonus Power when harvesting under fire, for instance, while the Soldier might plump for the ability to plant up to five grenade mines at once. The class system doesn't quite feel essential yet, and there's the suspicion that it exists to justify the sale of ability cards, though all abilities can be earned and upgraded in-game. But having to factor in the fabricator's location and resource gathering on top of the usual Horde strategies is a fun complication, and you needn't give those cards a second thought once you've left the lobby screen behind.
The major report from the UK’s leading economic think tank shows that deep cuts have left the NHS, schools and prisons in a “fragile state”, and have merely returned public spending to pre-financial crisis levels.
It found public spending as a share of national income was at a similar level both now and shortly before the financial crash, an event David Cameron and George Osborne claimed Labour overspending left the country ill-prepared for.
The report argues Mr Hammond will also find it difficult to raise new money from taxes given the “political arithmetic” that exists following an election which left the Tories without a solid Commons majority.
“He will know that seven years of ‘austerity’ have left many public services in a fragile state. And, in the known unknowns surrounding both the shape and impact of Brexit, he faces even greater than usual levels of economic uncertainty.”
"We didn't hear any negative comments about Michael and I. A lot of people would come up to us (especially the girls) and say, 'You both are so cute!' or 'You guys look great!' Once we left the prom, I remember Michael saying to me in the car, 'Logan, this is our last prom and I'm so glad I got to spend it with you.' I couldn't have asked for a more perfect night."
"When I told Sigmund [the family dog] to leave his warm seat and go to bed, he flattened his ears and slowly turned his head toward me. He deliberately braced himself by placing one paw on the edge of the furry lid, then hunched his shoulders, raised his lips to reveal the molars on both sides, and uttered his most threatening growl. That was Siggie's way of saying. "Get lost!" "I had seen this defiant mood before, and knew there was only one way to deal with it. The ONLY way to make Siggie obey is to threaten him with destruction. Nothing else works. I turned and went to my closet and got a small belt to help me 'reason' with Mr. Freud." . . . "What developed next is impossible to describe. That tiny dog and I had the most vicious fight ever staged between man and beast. I fought him up one wall and down the other, with both of us scratching and clawing and growling and swinging the belt. I am embarrassed by the memory of the entire scene. Inch by inch I moved him toward the family room and his bed. As a final desperate maneuver, Siggie backed into the corner for one last snarling stand. I eventually got him to bed, only because I outweighed him 200 to 12!" ... "But this is not a book about the discipline of dogs; there is an important moral to my story that is highly relevant to the world of children. JUST AS SURELY AS A DOG WILL OCCASIONALLY CHALLENGE THE AUTHORITY OF HIS LEADERS, SO WILL A LITTLE CHILD -- ONLY MORE SO." "[I]t is possible to create a fussy, demanding baby by rushing to pick him up every time he utters a whimper or sigh. Infants are fully capable of learning to manipulate their parents through a process called reinforcement, whereby any behavior that produces a pleasant result will tend to recur. Thus, a healthy baby can keep his mother hopping around his nursery twelve hours a day (or night) by simply forcing air past his sandpaper larynx."
Predictably, Chelsea was feared and hated. Abramovich compounded both emotions by hiring Jose Mourinho to manage the club in 2004. The new coach reveled in the panic Chelsea caused and did everything he could to provoke the English soccer establishment, from calling Arsene Wenger a “voyeur” to signing the widely loathed Ashley Cole as the team’s left back. Mourinho created the mother of all siege mentalities around the club, and it worked frighteningly well: In 2004-05, Chelsea demolished the field during the most annihilating championship run since the Football League was founded in 1888: 95 points, 29 wins, 15 goals (15!) conceded all season. They won again in 2005-06. For four and a half years — 86 games, stretching from March 2004 to October 2008 — Chelsea didn’t lose a single home game.
It all left Trump increasingly alone and even more reliant on his ever-loyal core voters, who sustain him in times of self-inflicted controversy and public outrage, but who may not represent a sufficiently broad base on which to build a successful presidency.
The President was already lacking friends in the Senate, a reality that became clear in his narrowly failed push to repeal and replace Obamacare that left little doubt that few senators fear or revere him.
In another sign of his insularity, the President -- even when he leaves the White House -- rarely spends time outside his comfort zone in Trump-branded properties. He has spent extended time at his resort at Mar-a-Lago in Florida and Bedminster in New Jersey. If he goes out in Washington, it's usually to the Trump hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. If he's in the White House at weekends, he usually flees to his golf course on the banks of the Potomac in Virginia.
But it left him with a string of political enemies that made the friends he did have in Washington all the more important. That's why the rebukes from Corker and Scott may end up being even more damaging than they first appear.
The novel, due to be published in English later this year, is set seven years hence, in the year 2022. François settles in to enjoy the TV spectacle of the presidential elections, which he considers second only to the World Cup for entertainment value. After the first round of voting, the two candidates left are Marine Le Pen, leader of the far-right Front National, and the head of France’s new Islamic party, Mohammed Ben Abbes. The Socialists do a deal with the “Muslim Fraternity” to defeat Le Pen, and Ben Abbes becomes president. Immediately all women go veiled in the street, state secondary schools adopt an Islamic curriculum, and François is informed that he cannot return to his university work unless he converts to Islam.
“A missile may not be detected as soon as it leaves the launch pad … and that could take several minutes,” Yoshimura told the Japan Times.
Sunny Doench was meant for the role but backed out, reportedly because she didn’t want to leave her partner in the States. Lucky break for us, but not so much for her.
From news accounts and our own documentation, we know that the AlMaghrib retreat was his last AlMaghrib course or seminar. We also know that he left England for a Middle Eastern country (where he remained for a few months), and eventually made his way to Yemen, where he interacted with an American-born cleric whose vision of Islam was completely at odds with our own. It was this cleric who apparently inspired him to open a new chapter in his life, and who brainwashed this 19-year old introvert into believing that murdering two hundred innocent people, including many women and children (some of them even fellow Muslims), would somehow bring him closer to his Lord and earn him reward on Judgment Day.
On March 9, the day before he was scheduled to leave Kunduz, Specialist Andrew P. Wade, 22, was accidentally shot and killed by a friend who was practicing a drill with his 9-millimeter pistol inside their tent.
“I’m ready to come back home and jump back in, you know, where I left it, do my mommy role,” she said before leaving Afghanistan. “Just shoo him out of the way. I’m pretty sure he’ll be a little, you know, like, ‘Wait a minute, I used to do it this way.’ ”
Sent from the battalion headquarters in Kunduz to an outpost in Baghlan, he had been left alone to do his job and loved the independence. For the first time in years, he felt proud to be a soldier, and ambitious to do more.
And yet, almost to his surprise, he felt a sense of lightness and liberation now that his wife had left him. He went drinking at the American Legion with friends. Maybe he would start dating. And down the line, he felt almost certain he would deploy again.
A machine-gun burst had almost taken off his left leg during a battle in Kunduz last fall, and he had been flown to Walter Reed for treatment. Determined to return to a frontline unit, he would have to prove that he could run with a pack. Doctors told him to go slow, but it was not in his nature.
Real Madrid won the match at Atletico's Vicente Calderon Stadium 1-0. Redknapp said the incident unsettled him and he left about 15 minutes before the end of the game, which he attended to watch potential transfer target Diego Forlan, the former Manchester United striker.
Anti-toxic effects Tinospora cordifolia extracts have been reported to scavenge free radicals generated during aflatoxicosis.[57] It exhibited protective effects by lowering thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) levels and enhancing the GSH, ascorbic acid, protein, and the activities of anti-oxidant enzymes viz., SOD, CAT, GPx, Glutathione S-transferase (GST) and glutathione reductase (GR) in kidney. Alkaloids such as a choline, tinosporin, isocolumbin, palmatine, tetrahydropalmatine, and magnoflorine from Tinospora cordifolia showed protection against aflatoxin-induced nephrotoxicity.[57] Tinospora cordifolia stem and leaves extract has shown hepatoprotective effect in Swiss albino male mice against lead nitrate induced toxicity.[58] Oral administration of plant extracts prevented the occurrence of lead nitrate induced liver damage.[59] Decreased level of SOD, CAT and increased level of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), ALP, and ACP were observed in mice suffering from lead toxicity.[59] Synergistic administration of aqueous extract of stem and leaf along with the lead nitrate increased the activities of SOD and CAT and decreased the levels of AST, ALT, ALP, and ACP enzymes.[59] Protective role of aqueous extract of stem and leaves of Tinospora cordifolia overcoming the toxic effects of lead is shown as its effects on the hematological values.[58] Cyclophosphamide (CP) an anti-cancer drug has been reported to reduce the GSH content in both bladder and liver and lowered levels of cytokines Inerferon-γ and IL-2 an increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokine TNF-α. This effect could be reversed on Tinospora cordifolia treatment indicating the role of Tinospora cordifolia in overcoming CP induced toxicities in cancer treatment.[60]
Back in 2006, the Turin municipality and the national government spent over 140 million euros in building a new neighbourhood to host athletes for the Winter Olympic Games. This was in an area that once held the city’s biggest wholesale market (MOI – Mercato Ortofrutticolo all’Ingrosso). Designed by international architects and built according to the latest ecological and sustainable design criteria, the Olympic Village was finished in 20 months. It was used for around 16 days and left mostly empty after the Games ended.
Little by little, the regional government has sold off some of the buildings; some have been converted into student housing and a youth hostel. At the same time, serious structural problems have emerged, revealing the poor quality of the buildings: as a consequence, no-one wants to invest in them. The potential for regenerating the deprived Lingotto area has been squandered. Four buildings were sold off to a private holding (35% owned by the city, the rest by Pirelli and the Intesa San Paolo bank) and left empty for seven years.
A better way to form the guidelines may be to avoid focus on individual nutrients (since few nutrients are categorically good or bad, other than manmade trans-fats which are always bad) and rather encourage whole foods. But if that message was the basis of a more simple guideline, and processed packaged foods were discouraged, where would that leave General Mills, Monsanto, and Unilever? Not that they directly write the guidelines, but they have lobbies and fund studies. And the government allows them to label Fruity Pebbles as healthy, just because they add some sprinkling of vitamins into the sugary mix. One last reason why it's good to focus on foods rather than nutrients for recommendations: single vitamins often fail in trials. Researchers used to think that vitamins E and A may protect against disease if supplemented. Dozens of trials later, it turns out that both may slightly lower lifespan or cause a bit more disease. One reason is that nutrients work in concert — eating a healthy diet where the foods naturally have a variety of nutrients is probably a better idea than relying on supplements to save you from a crappy diet. Indeed, there are no "superfoods" or "supernutrients"...it's probably more important to eat a natural diet that has some of each nutrient in addition to some healthy plant and animal components that aren't classified as essential nutrients (these are good/great for optimal health, but not technically necessary to live).
The UK would have "zero" influence if it voted to leave the EU, the outgoing president of the European Commission has said.
The Conservatives lost the recent Clacton by-election to the UK Independence Party, which wants the UK to leave the EU.
Perhaps it’s right that local knowledge should reside with locals; this is our city after all. We, like Campbell, are engaged citizens acutely aware of what’s going on around us and determined to partake in the conversation about what constitutes the city. Urban explorers want to know what is being built, by whom, with what funds and to what ends; they want to know what has been forgotten and left behind and how that space might be re-imagined with the public interest in mind. These expectations – like the expectation that people will explore whatever environment they happen to live in – are threaded with common sense throughout, unlike many of the policy decisions that have led to our cities increasingly become a sight to be seen rather than a place to participate in.
Director Will Allen joined the group just after graduating from film school and eventually became its unofficial documentarian. As he got more deeply involved, he began filming his experiences as the group’s unofficial videographer. It wasn’t until after Allen left the cult that he understood the film he’d been making for more than 20 years. The close-knit Buddhafield aspired to an artistic utopian communal life. Led by enigmatic and charismatic guru, Michel. Buddhafield members pursued his vision for fulfillment while living together, exploring nature, and performing together. Gradually, several came to grow disenchanted with Michel and alleged emotional manipulation and even physical abuse.
Meanwhile a start-up has warned on the possible effect on Britain’s nascent technology sector of Cameron’s plans. Eris Industries, which uses open-source cryptography, has said it is already making plans to leave the UK if the Conservative party is re-elected with this policy in its programme.
Preston Byrne, the chief operating officer of Eris Industries, warns that his company will be forced to leave the UK if Cameron’s comments on the technology become policy, and move to “more liberal climes such as Germany, the U.S., the People’s Republic of China, Zimbabwe, or Iraq.”
REGINA — The Saskatchewan government has introduced a climate-change strategy that inches toward a price on carbon emissions, but leaves large parts of its economy untouched.
The Agricultural Producers of Saskatchewan also praised the plan. It leaves agriculture, the source of about one-quarter of the province's emissions, largely exempt.
The logic here is that the separation of Quebec would represent an end to a constitutional deal in which Quebec was granted stewardship over certain lands which would revert to their former sovereign owners if Quebec were to leave Canada. For example, in his 1991 book Who Gets Ungava?, David Varty notes that the northern two-thirds of Quebec’s current territory had formerly been a part of the lands owned by the Hudson's Bay Company, and that it had been transferred to Quebec by means of two Acts of the Canadian Parliament, in 1898 and 1912 respectively. For this reason, if Quebec were to secede, the transfer would be legally void: Quebec was a province of Canada at the time that the Ungava territory was transferred to Quebec’s jurisdiction... Had Quebec been moving to become an independent country, the transfer of jurisdiction would not have taken place. There was an implied condition that the Province of Quebec was going to remain part of Canada. Any attempt to move to independence would constitute a breach of that implied condition attached to the transfer.[2]
This argument has also been supported by francophones in provinces outside of Quebec. In the two-year period following the 1995 referendum, when many municipal councils in Ontario and New Brunswick were passing resolutions endorsing the right of individual municipalities within Quebec to leave the province and rejoin Canada, the "partition resolution" was rejected by almost all French-majority municipalities in the two provinces. In the mostly French-speaking Ottawa suburb of Vanier, the council approved the resolution, and later rescinded its approval. Mayor Guy Cousineau explained this reversal to a newspaper reporter by stating "I had letters and calls from many francophones in Nepean, Gloucester, and on the Quebec side." He went on to explain, "We must show solidarity for 'la francophonie' from one ocean to the other. Not just here in Ontario, not just in Quebec, but everywhere in Canada…. Now, it's very clear and certain that we're not in favour of Quebec separation, but there are better ways to encourage Quebecers to remain in Canada."[21]
Both inside and outside Quebec, there tended to be opposition to any option that hinted of the use of force to settle territorial issues. The strongest opposition to partition came in the answers to a 1996 poll in which respondents were asked whether it would be acceptable “for groups within Quebec to partition the territory and separate from Quebec.” Only 66% of non-Quebecers said this option was acceptable (about 10 - 15% below support levels in other polls), and it was supported by only 25% of Quebecers. Significantly, survey respondents had first been asked whether they agreed with the statement, “If Quebec votes to leave Canada, the federal government should use force to make it stay,” and it seems likely that many survey respondents associated partition with the use of force.[29]
In 2000 Pat went to grad school for English literature. Grad school sucked and Pat hated it. However, Pat learned that he loved to teach. He left in 2002 with his masters degree, shaking the dust from his feet and vowing never to return. During this period of time his novel was rejected by roughly every agent in the known universe.
Now Pat teaches half-time at his old school as an assistant-sub-lecturer. He is underpaid but generally left alone to do as he sees fit with his classes. He is advisor for the college feminists, the fencing club, and, oddly enough, a sorority. He still roll-plays occasionally, but now he does it in an extremely sophisticated, debonair way.
But trade was less of a driving issue in the 2008 race, and neither Clinton nor Trump has left much wiggle room for a post-election reversal.
FORMER Brisbane Lions captain Jed Adcock is determined to extend his career at another club, believing he has at least three years of football left in him.
But a match-winning four-goal and 21-disposal effort in the Lions' surprise victory over the Western Bulldogs has left Adcock even more certain he can play on for several more years.
"I still feel like I've got three or four really good years of footy left in me. I'm only 29. I'm excited by the opportunity to move on and see what's next for me."
"But it was really important for me to play well, because I've not got to go out and prove to other teams they should be picking me up and that I do have three good years left in me," he said. "I'm hoping on the weekend some teams were able to see that."
Adcock and his young family are prepared to move anywhere for another AFL opportunity, having already considered it likely they would leave Queensland after his career at the Lions ended.
"There is now clearly an onus on the two governments to inject energy into these talks, to inject leadership into these talks and ensure that the outstanding issues are resolved in the timescale we have left to us."
As you’ll recall you were the then-opposition’s spokesperson on “government waste,” a role that involved attending a surprising amount of sport. And in that capacity, you launched a broadside against what you saw as: those ridiculous research grants that leave taxpayers scratching their heads wondering just what the Government was thinking.
"If you think about the education required to be successful in the labour markets . . . people are waiting much longer to leave home . . . it's a reflection of the economic reality of the labour market," Lochhead told CTV News Channel.
In fact, VMAP_STACK lacking the equivalent functionality in grsecurity not only leaves it possible to exploit certain VLA-based overflows, it may ironically make it even easier to exploit these lingering forms of kernel stack overflows. Vmalloc allocations are less frequent to the point that one could more reliably target an adjacent victim kernel stack or other large allocation, not needing to know its absolute address.
The scene drew the attention of criminal justice majors at Johnson and Wales University as police and prosecutors questioned witnesses. Several left the homeland security class after hearing gunfire and checking Providence police scanner activity.
After he left the White House, Dean learned of a handwritten memo signed by Ehrlichman authorizing the Ellsberg break-in “as long as it is not traceable to the White House.” It was an options memo on how to deal with Ellsberg, who had released the Pentagon Papers, and one of the options suggested by the Plumbers was to enter his psychiatrist’s office, take his files and use them to discredit him.
But that's not the situation we're talking about here. We're trying to pay down the enormous government debt, so we can't lower taxes in proportion to the spending cuts. Doing so would leave the debt level unchanged. In order for spending cuts in a vacuum to stimulate the economy, they must have some intangible positive effect on one or more of the other components of GDP. Let's think through this.
Crawford has two years, $11 million left on his deal, including a team option for the 2015-16 season. Crawford is eligible for an extension in the summer of 2015, and believes he's out-performed his deal. Crawford had a tremendously productive season for the Clippers, averaging 18.6 points in 30 minutes per game on his way to his second Sixth Man of the Year award in four seasons.
Gold has gained about $100 an ounce since Britain voted to leave the European Union, with worried investors piling their cash into safe-haven assets.
A weird ‘metal butterfly’ which buzzed a father and son as they left a restaurant in Ohio this week is among the clearest UFO pictures ever taken.
The morning I left Grimsby was the day the world learned that Donald Trump had won the US election. The outsider had beaten the establishment. Plenty of people, including me, felt that Brexit had happened again.
Frank Stauss, a political consultant who has organised several election campaigns for the Social Democrats in Germany, said Trump’s biggest asset was “that he didn’t stand for going on with business as usual”. Trump’s voters in the US wanted a change, and so did leave voters in Britain. They were fed up with an establishment that promised wealth and prosperity in the EU when they were experiencing the opposite.
That’s what the negotiations are aimed at, aren’t they? To leave Europe and the European single market, and at the same time guarantee access to the latter. Norway, which could serve as an example, is not a member of the EU but of the European Economic Area, and has 70% of EU directives and 17% of EU regulations in force.
Messages left with the NSM rally's organizers were not returned Wednesday, but in a press release the group said it chose Harrisburg because of its status as "one of the birthplaces of American democracy."
Both The Murderers and The Adam and Eve are what’s known as “real ale” pubs, meaning they stock high-quality, natural ales that have gone through secondary fermentation – a process that involves the ale being left to mature in the cask it’s served from. The trend for this method of traditional production took off around 40 years ago, and has been growing ever since.
Two of Trump's rockiest moments this campaign are when a Ted Cruz super PAC ran an ad showing a scantily clad Melania Trump, and when GQ published a long profile of Trump's wife. In the first instance, Donald Trump retweeted an unflattering photo of Heidi Cruz to his legions of Twitter followers. After the GQ article, Trump said to leave his wife out of this. George Stephanopoulos asked the obvious follow-up.
Now, this should ring the bell for all because many Indian families must have had one such Murphy or Philips vintage radio until recently. These were known as ‘valve sets’ which requires quite some skill to tune it to the right frequency and several precautions for proper maintenance. Many of the featured a green dancing light valve that can be seen outside and moves according to the tuning procedure. The frequency needle – mostly sitting at a centimeter or two away from the actual frequency numbers and usually dangling – had to be carefully positioned to get the right radio station and its position usually is not the same when you tune from left as compared to the right. Basically only the owner of the radio and most likely only the elder male member of the family could tune it to perfection.
The easiest way to explain the charge is with an analogy to a fuel or gas gauge of a car. With this gauge you can easily compare the energy left in your car with the energy you had when it was full. The fuel gauge quickly lets you see how much energy you have left, until you need to recharge.
That is the equivalent of “I know how much space is in my bucket, if I drink it with a 2mm straw and it takes me 2 hours, I can say I have 4 millimeter hours left in my bucket.”
Everyone who left us we find everywhere.
Then, they leave us the look of their faces
Everyone who left us we find everywhere,
Then they leave us, the look of their faces
Another benefit for Fitzpatrick in a four-receiver spread is that it leaves minimal bodies in pass protection. This compels the QB to get rid of the ball quickly. That’s why the Jets, despite an average offensive line, have given up only 21 sacks this season, second fewest in the league.
N.C. State coach @Mark_Gottfried left for Greece today where he will see 7-footer Georgios Papagiannis. More here: http://t.co/QvTZ5Ywtcr — Adam Zagoria (@AdamZagoria) April 17, 2015
There was an exchange of shots after a Soviet fighter advised the US plane that it was over Soviet territory and should leave (the US denied that the US plane fired at all). The incident took place under heavy cloud cover and poor visibility, although the alleged violation of Soviet airspace could be the responsibility of US commanders not interested in preventing such violations.
"Kolarov was supposed to be playing as a third centre-half but he played so far forward, he left Stones isolated. Zabaleta was playing in a weird in-between position and it didn't look like he knew what he was doing.
“All this back-and-forth sniping serves to do is to make us feel a sense of superiority to the person making the claims and does nothing for them except leave them with a smugness about their assumption that ‘atheists are all mean,’” former atheist blogger Martin Pribble wrote in 2013. “Faith overrides knowledge and truth in any situation, so arguing with a theist is akin to banging your head against a brick wall: You will injure yourself and achieve little.”
Indigenous peoples were the first settlers around the lake after the retreat of glacial ice. Archaeological evidence has revealed several different periods of cultural history, including: Northern Plano Paleoindian tradition (8,000 years before present), Shield Archaic (6,500 years), Arctic small tool tradition (3,500 years), and the Taltheilei Shale Tradition (2,500 years before present). Each culture has left a distinct mark in the archaeological record based on type or size of lithic tools.[6]
Early on Tuesday morning, a fire broke out a planned asylum centre in Hol Municipality in Hallingdal that left the building completely destroyed.
On 21 April, Reuters reported that Regeni had been picked up on the night of his disappearance by Egyptian police in downtown Cairo, near the Nasser metro stop. The news agency claimed that he was taken to a local police station for half an hour, then transferred to a Homeland Security compound in the area. The Egyptian government categorically denied the story, insisting that Regeni had never been in police custody. Reuters has stuck by its story, citing six independent but anonymous sources – three in the police and three in the security services. After publishing the report, Reuters’ Cairo bureau chief was threatened with criminal prosecution and left the country. Egyptian police recently detained an Egyptian Reuters reporter for unspecified reasons.
Despite clear indications of involvement by the nation’s security forces, the Egyptian government is left with what might be called the stupidity defence. As the Egyptian ambassador to Rome put it: “We’re not so naive as to kill a young Italian and throw away his body the day of Minister Guidi’s visit to Cairo.”
“The other theory,” explained Abdelrady, “is that the Egyptian police thought they could get away with it by blaming a band of criminals, and that people would not think the Egyptian police would be so stupid as to leave the body where it could be found.”
The toxic distrust on the Tory right takes them into a surreal world of the land of make believe where a more full-blooded Conservative Party would be rapturously received by the voters; it is the kind of Walter Mitty fantasyland which the Labour left used to inhabit in the 1980s and which did such damage to the Labour Party.
Trump also reportedly pressed Dan Coats Daniel (Dan) Ray Coats58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration DNC unveils new security checklist to protect campaigns from cyberattacks Overnight Defense: Trump to leave 200 troops in Syria | Trump, Kim plan one-on-one meeting | Pentagon asks DHS to justify moving funds for border wall MORE, the director of national intelligence, and Michael Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, to publicly deny the existence of evidence suggesting collusion between his campaign and Russia.
The Frenchman was fired two years ago after a car crash forced him to go on sick leave for more than half a year. After having paid him a salary of about $360,000 over four years, his employer stated that his prolonged absence was interrupting work processes and ended their relationship.
He added: “It has started to get hot and Mr Wilson has left the kitchen, you need to have a thick skin in politics.
“I’m always going to feel like I deserve a job in the NBA,” said Joseph, averaging career highs in points (10.3) and assists (3.1) heading into Tuesday’s game at Washington. “I put in the work. I’m always going to compete to the best of my abilities. Whatever happens on that end, I leave to my agent.”
The work seems poised to pay off for Joseph in a literal sense. He just might have to leave San Antonio to get paid.
Now, though, Castro’s doing it again, dominating High-A hitters by filling the zone and missing enough bats to stay interesting, and this second successful run commands a bit more attention. After all, Castro’s just 22 and he throws with his left hand.
It included stories that address revenge porn, porn addiction, and looked at how seeking validation and approval through sexual activity online can be harmful. Characters created by Charlotte Josephine were all defined by exposure to sexually explicit online content. A desk bell is used to simulate online notifications of venomously sexist comments. Every so often a blinding camera flash lit the stage to remind the audience that any intimate selfie can instantly become common digital property. And those targeted are left with little in the way of justice as revenge porn laws struggle to be enforced.
Adding to the general feelings of blah and barf are cuts that must be made as August progresses. Realistically, of the 80 guys on each roster, 15 are already cut. Coaches have a pretty good idea of what the final roster will look like. There’s a little bit of wiggle room in the middle of the depth chart. At every position, there are usually two guys competing for one spot. This is usually where I found myself, fighting for my professional life on a daily basis, battling with another good football player who was often my friend. I learned how to win that daily battle, but it never came easy, and someone was always left in its wake.
Yes, there is much to worry about this month for players on N.F.L. teams. For every superstar, there are 10 blue-collar players who fear their job security is in danger. This fear makes them anxious and paranoid. If you know someone in the N.F.L., leave him alone this month. If he survives, he will be better for the experience. Just wait until September to ask him about it.
Following the Claremont Road eviction, non-resident protesters moved on to other sites such as Newbury. Meanwhile, Fillebrook Road near Leytonstone Underground station had already had several houses demolished on it due to problems with vandalism. By 1995, the only house left standing was number 135. The house was originally scheduled for demolition at the same time as the others, but had been left standing in order to give the tenant additional time to relocate. After they had done so, on 11 April 1995, the Department for Transport removed the water supply and part of the roof, and left two security guards on duty. When the guards decided to sleep overnight in their cars that evening, leaving the house unoccupied, the protesters moved in. The house was renamed Munstonia (after The Munsters, thanks to its spooky appearance). Like "Wanstonia", they proclaimed themselves a micro-nation and designed their own national anthem and flag, though author Joe Moran mentions their legitimacy was complicated by the protesters continuing to claim unemployment benefits from the "mother country."
Scotland's leader Alex Salmond will on Saturday urge Scots to put aside party politics in the vote on independence, as he tries to win support from Labour rivals for his bid to leave the United Kingdom.
"I don’t make this statement lightly — I’ve never said it before," Luján said. "This is about much more than one race: the national environment, unprecedented grassroots energy and impressive Democratic candidates stepping up to run deep into the battlefield leave no doubt that Democrats can take back the House next fall."
Bowe was subsequently left out of Ireland’s matchday squad for the trip to Italy and missed out on the home win over France.
In Israel, open discourse and dissent appear to be among the casualties of the monthlong war in Gaza, according to stalwarts of what is known as the Zionist left — Israelis who want the country to end its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza and help create a sovereign Palestinian state.
A blunter way of summarizing the situation is to explain that if you want to use Facebook, you must play by Facebook’s rules, even when they change. If you don’t want to play by Facebook's rules anymore, you must quit Facebook. The idea of remaining on Facebook but playing by your own rules via magic spells is a fantasy. Stay on Facebook or leave Facebook. There is no third option � not even during the holidays.
The source claimed that although there are still a few details left to be taken care of in terms of how the 34-year-old transitions into a staff role at the end of his proposed new deal -- and which position he will occupy -- the Brazil-born Italy international will prolong his playing career by one more term.
“I will continue fighting them until they leave Hebron and they end their human rights violations,” he added.
The advantage of a hazelnut rod ... is the possibility to attach test-nodes (Testnosoden) at the tip. This allows to search more aimed at different oscillation patterns. … on my left pinky finger, there is a polarization ring made from ferrite material; this serves the determination of polarization, which means, whether the water vein spins right or left handed.
Hyperkin wants to pick up where NES Classic Edition left off with the Retron HD, a new console that plays 8-bit classics from Nintendo's home system.
TC: I do think it’s possible that the rise of the Tea Party groups and similar groups on the left can lead to a lot of instability because the more ideological you are the less open you are to compromise. Democrats handled that by [Rep.] Nancy Pelosi saying she’d work to end the Iraq War, and then she really didn’t. The pragmatists won in the end there.
Ram Ekwal has sought action against staffers of the road construction company who had left the ditches unattended.
So many tea leaves floating around this week. You can just pick and choose the ones you like.
There are hints of very monopolistic behavior. But what can we do? Right now, we’re just watching the big platforms get bigger. We’ll be left wondering what could have become of the small startups that never had a chance to grow.
We now skim everything it seems to find evidence for our own belief system. We read to comment on reality (Read: to prove our own belief system). Reading has become a relentless exercise in self-validation, which is why we get impatient when writers don’t come out and simply tell us what they’re arguing. Which reminds me: What the hell am I arguing? With the advent of microblogging platforms, Twitter activism, self-publishing companies, professional trolling, everyone has a microphone now and yet no one actually listens to each other any more. And this is literally because we’re too busy reading. And when we leave comments on an online article, it’s usually an argument we already agree with or one we completely reject before we’ve read the first paragraph. In the age of hyper-information, it’s practically impossible not to be blinded by our own confirmation bias. It’s hard not to be infatuated with Twitter shitstorms either, especially when we’re not the target practice.
Someday, the Centers for Disease Control will create a whole new branch of research dedicated to studying the infectious disease of cultural memes. Our continuous consumption of text is intricately linked to our continuous forgetting, our continuous reinfection, and our continuous thumbs up/thumbs down approach to reality, which is why we keep reading late into the night, looking for the next place to leave a comment someone has already made somewhere. Whether we like it or not, we’re all victims and perpetrators of this commentary fractal. There seems to be no way out except deeper inside the sinkhole or to go cold turkey from the sound of our own voices.
#3. Elbows Notice how small his movements are when he throws his elbow strikes. When timed properly, elbows do enough damage without the need to dedicate your entire body weight and mortgage behind the shot. You unnecessarily risk losing balance if you over commit. Rear Cross Elbow Watch how he steps out at a 45 degree angle with his lead foot. This allows the elbow to travel in a wider arc and build more momentum which will create a more powerful blow. Most people make the mistake of stepping straight forward when throwing the elbow which limits the strike’s power. Key point – Step out at 45 degrees. Countering Knee With Up-Elbow Watch how he waits for Pakorn to commit to the knee before stepping in with his own elbow counter. This strike is best thrown as a counter against your opponent’s movement. Key point – He doesn’t just blindly throw the strike hoping it will hit. Countering Hook With Up-Elbow Key point – Reach out and meet the punch to prevent your opponent locking on a collar tie. #4. The Clinch Fuck clinching with Saenchai. Ever. Duck under A powerful position to obtain. This essentially turns your opponent into your bitch. Notice how Saenchai blocks Pakorn’s elbow after clearing the arm to avoid being struck by it? Ensure you also pull your opponent at a downward 45 degree angle to break their balance. Key point – block the elbow and take a big step with your rear knee to load up the strike. Cross face As your opponent reaches to collar tie you, duck under their arm and push their face in the opposite direction to lock out their arm and completely fuck with their body’s mechanics. It’s essential to pull this move off quickly to avoid being countered as you do it. Key point – do it fast. Body head knee combo This isn’t related to clinch, but it’s a wicked combination I wanted to share. Key point – Exaggerate the duck down as you throw the overhand to sell it like a body shot, this will help lower your opponent’s guard and increase your chances of putting him to bed. (Thank you to Yokkao for putting this seminar together and allowing me to film. To all the Pakorn fans wondering why I left him out, it’s because he didn’t do any teaching. He’s still a legend in his own right, he just didn’t have any relevance to this article!) Bonus Saenchai Technique Breakdown Video
The traumatic incident has left the victim in a difficult psychological state and she requires treatment.
Warm weather is here and remember to never leave your pets in a parked car, and watch for signs of overexertion. Being well equipped for the heat when you have your pet with you is also important. The H-Duo travel cup made by Dexus makes that a breeze. This bottle is split in half, one side is for you, and one side is for your pet.
Investigating Susie's disappearance with Detective Fenerman, Jack thinks Susie was murdered by someone she knew. He researches neighbors and comes to think Harvey is the killer. Fenerman is unable to find any evidence pinpointing Harvey as a suspect, as Harvey cleaned up. Susie's sister, Lindsey, agrees with Jack's suspicions, but their casework takes a toll on Abigail, and Jack invites Abigail's alcoholic mother, Lynn, to move in with them. Feeling alienated from her husband, Abigail leaves for California. Susie, in her afterlife, learns that Harvey, who has now targeted Lindsey as his next victim, has murdered six other girls, including Holly, and that he stuffed Susie's body into a safe in his basement.
Claudia Puig of USA Today gave the film 2/4 stars, remarking that while "[Peter] Jackson gets the thriller scenes right", the "conceit of Susie trapped in a DayGlo world between the one she left and her final resting place, imparting lessons on coping with death, feels preachy."[66] Puig also described the film as having "clashing tones" that veer from "lightheartedness to heavy-handedness."[66] Puig also criticized the film's computer-generated imagery, describing it as being "cheesy" and felt that it broke "no ground."[66] Kirt Honeycutt, of the Hollywood Reporter, described the film as telling "a fundamentally different story" which is "one that is not without its tension, humor and compelling details", but that "it's also a simpler, more button-pushing tale that misses the joy and heartbreak of the original."[67] Honeycutt also described Jackson as having transformed Sebold's "startling, unique novel about the aftermath of a terrible murder" into a story that's more "focused on crime and punishment."[67]
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: As of today, lobbyists will be subject to stricter limits than under any other administration in history. If you are a lobbyist entering my administration, you will not be able to work on matters you lobbied on or in the agencies you lobbied during the previous two years. When you leave government, you will not be able to lobby my administration for as long as I am president.
There is also a strategic level diplomacy, which takes place during the war over some particular shard. It is possible that some other Masters also chose this shard as their target during their turn, and in this case, diplomacy becomes a powerful tool of survival. Instead of fighting the war on two or more fronts, we can negotiate with some of our adversaries and convince them to leave this shard for good. We can also sign a trade agreement with other Masters and sell or buy resources.
I used to be a “hacker” but it was more than that, and it was because of a few stupid mistakes I made that I got caught and won’t ever be doing anything stupid, like that again. That’s not because I don’t still think in my head (which is currently the only place of privacy we have) of what I could be doing, or that the women in front of me at the line of the grocery store just entered her pincode as 3782 or that my friend who works for the government just left her emails logged on in her computer. It’s because of the fear that I don’t want to “face the music” as some may say, and anyone who isn’t scared of that then I’ll look up to as a hero, hence my reference to Edward Snowden earlier.
Clinton will call for paid leave policies to help women work while raising families. That might help raising the number of women in the labor force, which has flatlined after years of growth. How much such a policy will to close pay disparities between men and women isn't as clear. Countries with more generous parental leave polices tend to have even larger pay gaps.
I love traditional division rivalries so much that I think the league is bleeding real conference rivalries dry with its silly format. Nine conference games aside, the 6-1-1 conference scheduling model (one permanent and one rotating opponent in the opposite division) does no one any favors. It's bad for the players, bad for the fans and really leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to league play.
Too many women have told their boyfriends their real number, only to be nagged incessantly for explicit details. (One friend of mine recounted to me in horror how her current boyfriend stopped one day in the middle of giving her oral sex to ask how his technique compared.) Other women find that their boyfriends endlessly psychoanalyze the reasons for a number that they think is too high: “Did you sleep with so many men because your father left you when you were a child?” (If I had a dollar for every woman I know who’s been asked that question, I could buy everyone reading this a Slurpee. Seriously.)
"Before the service begins," Jaune started. "We've all been invited to see what was left of him in his coffin alongside his family and closest friends. I would like it if all of us could go. Now, they've said that his parts were pretty badly burned, so if you're uncomfortable with it, I will understand if you don't want to see his remains. To move on, I want everyone to remember Oobleck as a master at hunting, as an amazing teacher, and as a good friend. He will be missed dearly by all of us."
As Ruby and Delwyn went up, Ruby began to cry again. Oobleck, or what was left of him in various parts, was badly scarred and burned from the explosion Yang caused when she killed the nevermore that killed Oobleck. Alongside his remains was his thermos, badly charred but still in one piece, which as his weapon was to be buried alongside him as part of the Hunting Corps' custom for funerals and burial. Delwyn thought to himself, "I hope I never have to send someone out to war again, not if it will lead to this."
Jaune saluted Oobleck's remains and said, "It's been an honour serving with you, Major." He then left a bouquet of flowers alongside his coffin. Weiss did the same thing right after him.
Then, the honour guard folded the flag and presented it to Oobleck's older sister and her husband. They walked back to the coffin and then lifted it, carrying it down from the stage and through the middle of the amphitheatre as the crowd watched and continued to salute. Finally, once the coffin left the building, the captain shouted, "At ease!"
The girls then all ran out of the apartment and down the stairs to the first floor. As they left the building, they saw the ambulance pull out from the Vigilant fire station. They ran like hell down the street to the station alongside several other volunteers as Car 5 sped past them. As the girls got their gear on, Ren ran into the station as well.
Use a light load. It should be a weight you can get for 30-40 reps when you’re fresh (~20-30% of your 1rm is what’s used most often in the research). Pump out as many reps as you can, rest for about 30 seconds, and pump out some more reps. 3-4 sets with short rest, totaling 60-100 reps is what’s done most often in the literature. In some of the studies, the wraps are removed between sets, and in some, they’re left on between sets (bro-tip: it’s much more convenient to just leave them on between sets and admire all of your bulging blood vessels).
Pick up heavy stuff as you generally would. You don’t need to really change your program to add low-load BFR since it’s exceptionally easy to recover from. After your heavy sets, do 3-4 sets of 15-40 reps with 20-30% of your max with BFR, resting about 30 seconds between sets. Whether you leave the wraps on between sets or take them off is up to you, but leaving them on seems to be better for muscle activation, and they’re annoying to take off and put back on between sets anyways. This works really well for squat and bench (or you could do leg press and DB press after your squat and bench work, if you prefer). Whether it helps the deadlift or not hasn’t been examined in the literature, and anecdotally, it doesn’t seem to help out your hammies as much as your quads. Though not required, I’d strongly recommend you also bust out a sweet superset or five for your arms. Who cares if science says it won’t make your arms grow any faster than regular curls and triceps extensions? You get the same hypertrophy effect, but you get it by way of stupidly awesome pumps, which is a benefit in and of itself.
This is referring to Touka’s family itself, even the threadbare remaints of it, Yomo, Ayato and herself she has a difficult time trying to keep them all together. All Touka wants is for the people to love to stay around and love her in return, and she feels also that her family should have stuck around, it should have been simple but actually the ties of family aren’t so binding and they easily unwind, both Ayato and Yomo left her at different points.
Everybody accepts this change in Touka, but does Touka herself accept it? She’s at least still disatisfied with having to hang back, telling both Ayato and Kaneki when they tried to leave her out of critical moments to protect her that they didn’t need to.
Thunder Blade has made the transition quite well, and the new hardware has done wonders for the gameplay. The frame rate is rock solid, and the controls for the 3DS are super sharp and make controlling the attack chopper feel very accurate. The left stick controls movement and altitude, while both shoulder buttons control speed (increase and decrease). Though the 3DS is a far cry from the control scheme found on the original arcade release -- which featured a flight stick and a special chair that sought to emulate the cockpit of a helicopter -- I can safely say that 3D Thunder Blade is a fine port, and the action still kept me on my toes during the hectic battles.
"For this version, we had to implement 3D separately for each of these three types of scenes," said the producer. "The boss stages were particularly difficult. The original game actually had preset depths. Even more so than some of the Genesis games, there were a number of situations where we wouldn't really have to worry about if we left them in 2D, suddenly [having] paradoxical situations when we put them into 3D."
The Nets have ruled forward Reggie Evans out for the next two games for “personal reasons,” the team announced today. That leaves Evans out for tonight’s game against the Charlotte Bobcats, as well as Thursday’s game in Chicago against the Bulls. It’s the team’s last two games before the All-Star Break, so Evans won’t be with the team until they play against Utah on February 19th at the earliest.After starting 56 games last year, Evans’s role on the Nets has been significantly reduced. He’s played in just 30 of a possible 49 games, averaging 13.3 minutes per game. He has not suffered a publicly announced injury yet this season, meaning that those 19 games were merely DNP-CD (did not play-coach’s decision).Evans is averaging 2.7 points and 5.0 rebounds per game, while shooting a career-worst 39 percent from the field. His most intriguing storyline this season is the, and the mysterious circumstances surrounding it.The team did not specify what Evans’s personal reasons were for missing these two games.
Barrs remembers them, but said he didn't see the man who is now accused of shooting him from behind until after he'd been shot twice in the left leg and had fallen to the ground.
The bullets went right through his left leg, missing bones and arteries. There is muscle and nerve damage, but he is recovering well, he said.
At about 9:20 am on Saturday 15 June 1996, the Ford van was parked on Corporation Street, outside the Marks & Spencer store, near the Arndale Centre.[1] After setting the bomb's timer, two men – wearing hooded jackets, baseball caps and sunglasses – left the vehicle and walked to Cathedral Street, where a third man picked them up in the Ford Granada.[24] The truck had been parked on double yellow lines with its hazard lights flashing.[25] Within three minutes a traffic warden had issued the vehicle with a parking ticket and called for its removal. At about 9:40 am, Granada Studios on Quay Street received a telephone call claiming that there was a bomb at the corner of Corporation Street and Cannon Street and that it would explode in one hour. The caller had an Irish accent and gave an IRA codeword so that police would know the threat was genuine.[1][27] Four other telephoned warnings were sent to television/radio stations, newspapers and a hospital.[28][29]
The bomb squad arrived from their Liverpool base at 10:46 am and attempted to defuse the bomb using a remote-controlled device, but they ran out of time. The bomb exploded at 11:17 am, causing an estimated £700 million (£1.3 billion as of 2018)[37] of damage and affecting a third of the city centre's retail space. Marks & Spencer, the sky bridge connecting it with the Arndale Centre, and neighbouring buildings were destroyed.[1] It was the largest peacetime bomb ever detonated in Great Britain,[14] and the blast created a mushroom cloud which rose 300 metres (1,000 feet) from the ground.[38] The explosion could be heard up to 15 miles away and left a crater 15 metres wide.[25] Glass and masonry were thrown into the air, and behind the police cordon – up to 1⁄ 2 mi (800 m) away, people were showered by falling debris.[39] There were no fatalities, but 212 people were injured. A search of the area for casualties was confused by mannequins blasted from shop windows, which were sometimes mistaken for bodies. Hospitals across Greater Manchester were made ready to receive those injured in the blast.[1] The police commandeered a Metrolink tram to take 50 of the casualties to North Manchester General Hospital, which treated 79 in total; a further 80 were cared for at the Manchester Royal Infirmary, and many others were treated in the streets by ambulance crews assisted by doctors and nurses who happened to be in the city centre that morning.
Their investigation was led by Detective Chief Inspector Gordon Mutch of the Greater Manchester Police (GMP), "astonishingly ... the only person ever charged with a criminal offence in connection with the Manchester bomb". The van's last registered owner told police that he had sold it to a dealer in Peterborough, who had in turn sold the van on to a man calling himself Tom Fox, two weeks before the bombing. After the purchase price was delivered in cash by a taxi driver, the dealer was instructed to take the van to a nearby lorry park, and leave it there with the keys and documents hidden inside.
Or leave them off all together. All in all this a light and fluffy cake that is equally flavoured with banana and peanut butter. It’s simple to make and comes together in one bowl so there aren’t too many dishes to wash up afterwards 😀
UN Command standing orders forbade pilots from crossing the Chinese border. On December 17, Lieutenant Colonel Bruce H. Hinton led a finger-four formation of Sabres from the 336th Fighter Squadron on a patrol, a 485-mile (780 km) round trip, along the Yalu River, in an attempt to draw the MiG pilots into combat. The Sabre pilots stayed below 475 mph (765 km/h), to create the impression on radar screens that the Sabres were a slower aircraft. The slower speed and two 120-US-gallon (450 l; 100 imp gal) drop tanks on each F-86 also provided maximum air time. Forty minutes after take-off the Sabres were approaching the Yalu at 32,000 feet (9,800 m). Four MiGs were spotted 7,000 feet (2,100 m) below the Sabres and about to pass beneath them. The Americans jettisoned their drop tanks and as the MiGs passed below, the Sabres turned to the left and dived down at the Soviet fighters. When the MiG pilots realized that their adversaries were not older jets that they could be easily extend away from, they broke formation and headed for the border. Hinton caught up to the leader's wingman, Major Yakov Efromeenko, and fired 1,500 rounds of .50 caliber bullets. Smoke belched from its jet pipe and flames enveloped the tail section. After Efromeenko ejected, the MiG crashed about 10 miles (16 km) south of the Yalu.[3]
Here’s an update now that my room is pretty well 95% finished. Fully functional now. Only thing left to do is put up a couple more shelves, and get electricity to the wall to the left in the first pic. Until then it’s still a great space for things like laptop disassembly.
The left half is more for laptops, the right half more for desktops.
Mrs Jones said: "The plate actually belongs to my son because he was left it by his grandmother.
As she left the house to go to the show in Aberglasney, Wales, she grabbed the plate and put it in a single Tesco's carrier bag. They can easily split,” she said.
Susan Dancer, president of the South Texas Association for Responsible Energy, said that as residents in Bay City—herself included—were being forced to leave their homes under mandatory evacuation orders, it makes no sense to keep the nuclear plant online.
Goodman: These schools believe that behaviors that you might not think are directly related to academic learning can have a domino effect if left unaddressed. Getting up from your chair to go to the bathroom without explicit permission, for example, or not having your hands folded on your desk, or not looking at the teacher every minute, or not having your feet firmly planted on each side of the center of the desk are problematic behaviors. Because if you don’t conform to these rules then you are going to precipitate the next domino and the next domino. It’s going to have a cascading effect on your behavior and pretty soon you’re going to be very disruptive. If you get up to sharpen your pencil, maybe you’re going to throw your pencil at someone. Or if you get up and get something out of your backpack that you forgot, maybe you’re going to elbow another student on your way back to your seat, or make eye contact with them and divert them from looking at the teacher. Any one of these little behaviors they see as leading to the next behavior. Before you know it there will be bedlam.
DC: Ha. Oh, real quick. Especially when your left side isn’t working. But when its an ankle or a knee, if I think that I can play the next play, I’m going to do my best to play the next play. At times, it may have hurt us on 3rd downs, but I’m showing my teammates that I’m their guy and no matter what I’m going to be out there.
PF: Marcel said before he left for the Pro Bowl that he was going to do a little recruiting for Free Agency while he was there. Have you done any of that? Reaching out to players, or putting a name in Reggie’s ear?
The bomb squad had recently used the robot to destroy a suspicious bag that had been found abandoned in the Hamilton IRD building on Bryce St. Police later tracked down the owner of the small blue bag left in the foyer who said she had forgotten she left it there.
We’ve been negotiating for a while, but I haven’t signed anything yet. We’ll see if it happens or not. I completely trust that my agent does what is best for me. I have a year left on my contract with Celtic and I will focus on it.
The debased coinage caused rampant inflation, so when Henry died in 1547 he left behind a country with a sickly nine-year-old king, religious turmoil, and economic unrest. Moreover, the influx of silver and gold from Central and South America into Spain and thus to the rest of Europe was destabilising the price of bullion and making the situation worse.
Giving you the benefit of the doubt here, we’re left with two possibilities. Possibility #1 isn’t fun at all and this person should not be allowed space on Tier 1. The green part of the mountain is sacred territory, and super self-absorbed people shouldn’t be permitted to set foot up there. Put him on Tier 2 and just be happy you’re not dating him.
In almost every group of friends, there’s one pair who can’t ever be alone together. It’s not that they dislike each other—they might get along great—it’s just that they have no individual friendship with each other whatsoever. This leaves both of them petrified of the lumbering elephant that appears in the room anytime they’re alone together. They’re way too on top of shit to ever end up in the car alone together if a group is going somewhere in multiple cars, but there are smaller dangers afoot—like being the first two to arrive at a restaurant or being in a group of three when the third member goes to the bathroom.
Nov 1, 2016; Brooklyn, NY, USA; New York Islanders left wing Andrew Ladd (16) is taken down as he plays the puck against the Tampa Bay Lightning during the second period at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports
On the underside, Google has applied some sticky but not-quite-adhesive material that plants the charger firmly to whatever surface you'd like, but it doesn't leave a residue when you pry it off. This material is not quite as sticky as tape, but it's grippy enough that it could hang out on the wall of my office for 15 or 20 seconds before falling on the floor (whoops). It should easily keep the charger from sliding around on your desk or bedside table, but if you move it around a lot you'll need to clean the dust and grit off it to keep it sticky.
Last year, during a tumultuous legislative session following the murder of 20 children in a Newtown, Conn. elementary school, the legislature passed 22 new pieces of gun legislation. About a dozen became law, while the balance were struck down by the governor's veto pen. Advocates for more limits on guns say important legislation was left on the table.
But Fiamingo said the devil is in the details. If the legislation is aimed at providing free common-sense training on gun storage and other safety factors, his group could back it. The problem, he said, is the parameters are always left out of the bill.
Then the comms clicked off and Private Grec was left with nothing but the sound of the blood in her ears and the schtomp schtomp schtomp of seven pairs of boots wading through the snow.
Grec blinked as an orange icon appeared in her HUD: an open triangle, hard against the left of her vision. As she turned her head, the icon slid around until it was at the top. North-north-east, the direction marker shared from Furusawa’s HUD over the psi-fi net that linked each of the marines’ armor together.
Furusawa moved over to her. Behind, Bowen was pressing a hand into Anderson’s chest. Anderson shook it off, but the heat appeared to have left him, for now, as the marines gathered around Grec.
Silence. The rumbling of the sundered ground had stopped, and Alonso’s heavy rifle hadn’t fired again. Bowen got to his feet while Palladio covered the entrance, and moved closer, his movements loud as his hard armor scraped against the walls of the cave. At the back, Grec reached out and touched the walls. While the floor seemed to be a solid block of ice, forming a more-or-less flat, sloping surface, the walls were different. They were dark and shiny, looking almost like graphite, but when she scraped the ceramic-metal plates of her gauntlet over the surface it left no mark.
Grec opened and closed her mouth a few times, unable to find quite the right words. She wanted Khouri to be alive, to be out there somewhere on the snow plain, lost but dug in, knowing that all she had to do was stay put and conserve power and keep warm and the others would collect her later. The Fleet left no one behind, not now, not ever.
“It’s moving again,” said Grec. “Shit.” She’d have to leave the questions for later.
Grec pointed at the bodies of Bowen and Anderson at the back of the cave. “What about them? And the bodies under the ice? The Fleet doesn’t leave anyone behind, Sergeant.”
Sugar is the obvious answer, and how much of it is either left in the cider from the original juice or added back at some point post-fermentation either in the form of un-fermented juice or plain old table sugar. The amount of sugar in a finished cider can be reported in any of a number of ways – in grams of sugar per liter (which can also be expressed as a percentage), specific gravity, or degrees brix (often used in the wine world). There are any number of calculators and tables available that can convert these measurements from one to the other, so for the purposes of this discussion we’ll stick to grams per liter (g/L).
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
The position of the British Psychological Society is even less clear. On the one hand the Society condemns torture yet at the same time remains silent on whether psychologists can assist with interrogation or other military objectives. As with the APA's policy, the point at which interrogation becomes abuse is left unsaid, the boundaries of unethical conduct given room to move.
The doctor tried convincing his father that corrective glasses are not required with no results. He said he wouldn’t leave until the doctor gave his son glasses. Hence the doctor was left with no choice and prescribed him a Rayban aviator sunglasses.
“It’s absolutely right to say more satisfied couples do communicate more positively, as well as to say couples who communicate better on average are more satisfied,” he said. “But it gives us a lot more pause to say that one caused the other one, which is really important. I think what this leaves us wondering is what are some of the other factors that matter for couples’ relationships and how these factors predict how couples do over time.”
The Northrop team’s decision to abandon the Hawk leaves a dim future for the program. BAE moved its Hawk work from Brough to Warton, England, in 2011 despite having few orders for the aircraft. Subsequently, however, it won a contract with the Royal Saudi Air Force for 22 aircraft and a deal with Oman for eight. The Hawk design evolved over time since its first flight in 1974. More than 1,000 Hawks have been built. BAE declined to comment about the future of the program.
Hillary Clinton could have saved their lives, but chose note to. She was trying to keep the danger in Benghazi a secret, and left Americans to die. She is unfit for office.
I think he was talking to a class, and he was just saying that he didn’t care for my all-over-the-map approach in the case of Django and some of the other things that I’ve done and whatever. But it wasn’t necessarily a criticism of me, per se. It’s just not his cup of tea. I think it’s kind of a generational thing, and that I completely understand. He apologized. And he said nothing he needed to apologize about. He later clarified it, because it was blown out of proportion. Some asshole nimrod who wants some sort of power thing leaked it to whatever thingy so he can just have the fun of watching it in three hundred outlets. I felt [Morricone] was betrayed by that person. I knew that was where he was coming from! I knew that’s how he felt about my shit! It was nothing new to me. And almost in a generational way, he was left out to dry. He is such a great artist, he can say any fucking thing he wants.
Can you still access the person that you were at the beginning of your career—the guy who went to jail for parking tickets and who’d never left Los Angeles?
Starting in the top left corner in a 20 by 20 grid, how many routes are there to the bottom right corner?*
PUBLIC PETITION FORCES DEBATE ON TAKING MORE REFUGEES More than 100,000 people have backed a petition calling for Britain to accept more refugees, triggering a debate in Parliament. At one point five people per second were backing the e-petition, urging the government to 'accept more asylum seekers and increase support for refugee migrants in the UK'. The petition adds: 'There is a global refugee crisis. The UK is not offering proportional asylum in comparison with European counterparts. 'We can't allow refugees who have risked their lives to escape horrendous conflict and violence to be left living in dire, unsafe and inhumane conditions in Europe. We must help.' By 10.30am it had passed the 100,000 threshold for it to be considered for a debate in Parliament. Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham called for MPs to debate whether the UK should take in more refugees when Parliament returns next week. 'David Cameron cannot continue to turn his back on the crisis. It is time for him to show leadership and restore Britain's reputation as a country that has always provided refuge to the vulnerable,' he said.
In addition to doing damage, some buildings will leave a burning residue on the ground as well. This fire will spread to your MAV if you stand in it and will continue to do damage the whole time you are in it. It’s not a lot of damage, but it can turn the tide of the battle if you are not careful! Proper kill and damage credit is given if you destroy a building which then destroys another MAV. This counts for chain reactions as well!
If possible I will create an icon for every bright supernova. This icon will be black on a white background and mirror imaged left to right so that North is up and East is left. The exception being a color image, which will have he same orientation. All icons will be less than 100x100 pixels in size so that they load quickly.
Thread the darning needle with the yarn or thread and leave the end unknotted. The darning process should create a tight weave that makes knots unnecessary.
Start your work on either side of the hole. Take several small vertical running stitches in the intact fabric of the sock, about 1/2 inch to the left or right of the hole. Turn the sock upside down and make another row of stitches next to the first.
Quite where this leaves Arsenal pursuit of the player remains to be seen. There’s something of a tradition of Argentine strikers in Naples, and from looking the most likely of summer signings, Arsene Wenger could miss out on a player still favoured by many fans.
Stop watching TV. Constantly seeing celebrities on TV with their beautiful hair, designer clothes and fancy homes does a lot of damage to the psyche. Not only does it conjure up feelings of inadequacy in our own looks, but it can prompt us to buy the exact same stuff they have to make ourselves feel like we’re living just a fraction of their fabulous lives. Please remember that everything on TV is FAKE. It is an escape from your day to day life, but when you start escaping with your credit card, you can end up with a bunch of expensive items that leave you feeling no better than you did before.
The contrast left many Berners logically analyzing everything and everyone with their now validated "unrealistic ideological purity", including the ridiculously over-covered Trump campaign. They saw the violence, heard all the cavalier rhetoric, and summarily dismissed Trump and his fans as irrational, dangerous fools. While Hillary must indeed be stopped, exchanging one ego-driven con artist for another wasn't just irrational, but a moral antithesis.
Numerous keys for Sniper Elite 3 have been invalidated and their owners left practically empty handed after Steam and developing studio Rebellion discovered they were stolen and then re-sold to other vendors.
However, if I also have Princess Leia. who becomes insanely better when you can control when she leaves play, now I have four characters I can draw into that all my leave play effects work well with. Add in Bright Hope that comes with the Rebel Han that removes a token of any type from itself when another friendly unit leaves play, and you have lots of reasons to have characters leaving play. This is not to mention Sith damage decks that find ways of removing lots of units just about every turn!
Where things really took off though, was the fact that these two objectives (Fleeing the Empire and Decoy at Dantooine) really solved my problem of consistently getting these characters to leave play through You’re My Only Hope, A New Hope, and Fall Back. Han’s objective, Evacuation Procedure, also packs a removal effect. So at this point, the core of the deck is:
The rest of the deck really fell together after this. In any deck that has a decent number of characters in it, Asteroid Sanctuary has to be considered. The thought of attacking with the Falcon, triggering the ability to drop in Han, and then attacking with Han just seemed way too good to pass up. The Falcon also interacts fantastically with Bright Hope, forcing a leave play with the Falcon each turn can make Bright Hope do some serious work.
With one objective slot left to get to ten objective, the final slot could easily go to any Smuggler or Rebel Objective. To be honest, this final slot is anything but decided at this point. There are several options here. On my consideration list is:
Raise the Stakes – The objective and the Blockade Runner give the deck quite a bit of added punch. I could live without the Bothan Spy and the Smuggling Compartment, but an additional Cloud City Operative and Swindled are fantastic. The Swindled is a great option for getting Leia to leave play when you need her to and for triggering Bright Hope if necessary. Of course, bouncing a Royal Guard isn’t ever awful either!
In 1998, the Spice Girls had sold 45 million records worldwide. Their first five singles had each reached #1 in the UK. The previous year, they were the most played artist on American radio—and won Favorite Pop Group at the American Music Awards. Yet, later that year, Geri Halliwell split from the group. Sales foundered. Lawsuits abounded. The Spice World had shattered. As an influence, we can see here the entire story of the Class of 2006. The second wave British invasion. The immersive, transmedia storytelling. The embrace of classic tropes (Scary, Sporty, Ginger)—and their aggressive subversion (Posh, Baby). The moral ambiguity—who do you think you are? The tragic, unexpected ending: what is Halliwell’s departure besides the Red Wedding of pop? The void left by their absence—a vacuum that only another massive, commercially-viable, magic-laced fantasy could fill.
This movie cuts through the crap and reveals those in power to be corrupt, greedy weasels who aren’t really as smart as they want you to think they are. The finale of the movie is sobering and infuriating. After unequivocally proving that Wall Street bankers, aided and abetted by the Federal Reserve, Congress, the SEC, and the mainstream media, destroyed the global financial system, put tens of millions out of work, got six million people tossed from their homes, and created the worst crisis since the Great Depression, the filmmakers are left to provide the depressing conclusion.
The seizure left Dotcom without any funds to mount a legal defense.
The probe found the videos were not being kept in a secure environment. They were left on a desk and were password-protected, but not encrypted. The ICO said the studio had no alarm and ‘insufficient security’.
Liu is chairman of Shanghai-based investment company Sunline Group. Born in 1963 into a working-class family in the city, he left school at 14 to help with his mother’s handbag business. After amassing a small amount of fortune by selling bags, he learned stock trading at 27 and was one of the earliest investors in the Shanghai stock market. He started collecting art about two decades ago with his wife Wang Wei.
”With only 37 days left to stop student loan interest rates from doubling on July 1, Senate Republicans still have not proven that they’re serious about resolving this problem,” he said.
A recent graduate of the famed UCal Golden Bears program, the big back rower is more rugged than what one might expect from someone out of San Francisco. After some eye-catching displays in the ARC tournament he’s been thrown in at the deep end in the IRB circuit, to which he has responded superbly. Somewhat ungainly but deceivingly quick, his trademarks are a piston-like fend (as Canadian Harry Jones can attest to) and thumping tackles that leave even the spectators wincing.
A Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Deputy asked the four protesters who showed up at the office Wednesday to leave immediately, Stephens said. The deputy said the group could be arrested for trespassing, arguing the office was a place of official business and they had no business there.
Frolik offered a different account of what happened Tuesday. He said he asked the group to leave Tuesday because the office has a small waiting area reserved for victims, witnesses, attorneys and others who have appointments.
Frolik said he was not in the office when the group showed up again Wednesday, but said he asked the sheriff's deputies to ask the group to leave if they didn't have an appointment.
Personally, I would feel much more comfortable if Jan from billing decided to change up her hair from conservative blonde to coca-cola bottle red. If Eric in tech wants to wear fine tailored suits everyday and gauge his ear lobes to see through proportions, that’s just fine with me. I feel like we need to be a little more accepting of change, because the world as we know it is changing…and the strict stubborn rules of yesteryear are being left for the birds.
As soon as the words “death panel” left Akins’ mouth, the crowd erupted in boos, jeers, and chants of “liar, liar.”
He added that a negotiated solution was possible and said the US was "relentless" in demanding that Mr Assad leave power.
Of course, Peter refuses and Doc Ock shows him a news report about the Darkforce Bubble over Manhattan and Parker Industries is responsible. Of course, the two start fighting after Parker refuses to give into his demands. Spider-Man also receives Tony’s message about Hydra’s assault on Washington D.C. Peter jumps in his rocket and heads to D.C. to help as Doc Ock leaves also destroying the Parker Industries building in the process.
Super heroes – they’re a privileged class. Doing what they want, when they want and suffering no consequences. They have no regard for the ordinary people who are left behind to suffer in their wake. Who will stand up for the little guy? There is a man. If you can find him, and if he believes in your story, he and his friends will put things right. Some call them outlaws, rebels, Robin Hoods. To others, they are heroes. No powers to speak of – just skills, smarts and a burning drive to do the right thing. His name is Hawkeye. Occupy Avengers: It’s time to “Take Back Justice”!
After Hawkeye leaves to go lead the Resistance, the Occupy Avengers team is left to help the common folk who are being terrorized by the Hydra forces. Hydra has been forcing farmers to send their goods elsewhere and the people who depend on them are left to fend for themselves.
Not really, now I will admit that these two issues are the only ones I have read of the series aside from Issue #1 when it first came out so I have no real knowledge of the characters involved but at the same time it wasn’t hard to pick up, read, and understand the situation these heroes found themselves in once Hawkeye left to led the Resistance.
As the years continued, all but Buckles had passed away, leaving him the "last man standing" among U.S. troops who were called "The Doughboys." His death leaves only two verified surviving WWI veterans in the world, both of whom are British.
The part of the article which baffles and confuses me most is the leap Akili then makes from discussing the grabbing of breasts and the inherent misogyny therein to classifying gay men’s “diva worship” and “celebrating women” as “objectification, assault and dehumanisation”. It’s a frankly insulting and entirely unfounded assertion, and it really does come out of left field. If you grope a woman in a club or feel you have the Gucci-given right to tell her how she should look, then you’re a douchebag and you’re a dehumanising misogynist. But to go from that to asserting that when a gay man idolises or celebrates a woman, or group of women, he is objectifying them – there’s no basis for such a claim and it’s almost offensive. To leap from your own personal, limited experience and make sweeping and damning claims about an entire group of people…well it definitely doesn’t sit too comfortably with me.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
His most significant African venture was in Chad during the 1980s, when he backed a rebel group against the government, with an eye toward capturing a mineral-rich border area. His surrogates were defeated by Chad’s government in 1987, but Libyan troops did not leave the disputed border strip until 1994.
The new Huawei P10 picks up where its predecessor left off the year before. It’s an improvement over the Huawei P9 in nearly every facet, including camera, design and display protection. But when it comes to battery performance, how far off are the two P series siblings?
When Ishant goes straight and gets one to skid a bit, Renshaw is trapped plumb in front. He shrugs his shoulders and leaves the ground, practising the shot he should have played as the shadow people dance and rejoice.
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
The English Channel in 6h 57min 20sec! Eric Defert and Pierre Yves Durand broke Yvan Bourgnon and Karine Baillet record. Eric Defert: “We had 25 knots of wind, reaching in 3 to 4 meters sea. We left at 8:26 am and arrived at 3:23pm! When we left for Plymouth wednesday, the forecast announced 15 knots, then in the next 48 hours, the prevision were for 20 + knots from the east. Since we were already in England, we decided to give a try. Our driver, in the ferry back to France, recorded wind up to 35 knots. It made for a strong sea. I think the record can be taken… Anybody?”
That's Eitan Glinert's idea in a nut: Use the success of Fire Hose games to find and empower other developers to make great games. He doesn't have all the details yet — he's considering an interview process that doesn't even ask about games, at least for now — but he's working on it, and he's sure of a couple things. He wants the developers to stick around to make second, third and fourth games. But he also wants an escape lever built into the contract, so they can leave if and when they want to and their their intellectual property with them.
Reportedly, Brazil has become South America’s largest net exporter of drugs to Africa. However, in recent years African traffickers have begun to produce methamphetamines and have muscled in on their Latin counterparts, wresting an increasingly large portion over the drug smuggling business. The Africans ship cocaine by sea and have assumed international control over cocaine exports as far away as the Brazilian city of SÃ£o Paulo. Brazilian drug traffickers, meanwhile, are left with the domestic side of the business and are forced to sell coke to locals.
Freyd and two colleagues provided a second, similar pay analysis in April 2015. That same year, Freyd was awarded an 8-percent merit raise that still left her salary at $18,000 less than that of her closest male peer, who had seven years� less experience than she did at the time, the lawsuit says.
In 2012, Corben was hired to analyze eight poorly performing intersections in Edmonton, Sherwood Park and St. Albert. All have common safety flaws that created the possibility of a T-bone crash when a person turns left or runs a red, which is the most dangerous way for a vehicle to get hit.
This left me with something of a dilemma—one which, due to my upbringing, I had never faced before. If the KJV is not perfect and is not the only Word of God in English, how do I choose what translation to use? If the KJV is not the only Word of God in English, there are options, and with all options comes the responsibility of choice.
Textual criticism is the science of comparing the minor differences in the different manuscripts to discover exactly what the text read when it left the original author’s control.
If you want a translation that has the TR as its basis but don’t want the slavishly literal translation of Young’s, you’re left with two basic options: the KJV or NKJV.
If you’ve come from a long tradition of using the KJV, it may be hard for you to even read the Bible in anything other than “King James English.” Many have formed a deep emotional attachment to this translation . I would never try to get anyone to stop using it. In fact, I think every Christian should own and read a copy of the KJV. We just shouldn’t claim it’s perfect or that it’s the only translation God approves of. Using the KJV will leave you with the impression that you’ve been in the presence of royalty, and its rhythmic prose and enduring turns of phrase will leave a lasting impression upon your heart and will likely spring easily to mind for many years to come. It is and always will be a great translation with an impressive pedigree. It will always hold a dear place in the hearts of English speaking peoples.
With a wide variety of denominational input from a variety of British traditions, the New English Bible (NEB) sought in 1970 to leave behind traditional language and create a truly new English translation that did not simply recreate the traditional biblical English. It was in many ways simply a more functionally equivalent version of the RSV. With the notable C.H. Dodd overseeing the work and as notable a figure as C.S. Lewis contributing to its English style, the NEB was instantly popular and remains a favorite for many.
At the end of the day, almost any translation of the Bible can be a good one. They each have their strengths; they each have their weaknesses. When it comes to the common question, “Which translation is the best one?” the answer, in some ways, is simply, “Whichever one you will read.” If a Bible never leaves your shelf, its merits and pitfalls don’t really make much difference. I would recommend something near the center of the chart for a regular reading Bible. But really, whatever Bible you will use regularly is the one that is best for you.
Feminism cannot live on SlutWalks alone. The fact that the movement has been so widely embraced does not mean that we should turn to it exclusively. What it means is that other protests can and should be happening; in addition to making the SlutWalk movement itself more inclusive and responsive, it’s essential that its organizers turn the mic over to other organizers, with ideas about protesting rape culture that extend beyond the “reclaiming slut” banner. The best thing for SlutWalkers now is to listen to the people who feel left out, and help them. The Sluts can and should keep Walking. But they should also recognize when to follow someone else’s lead.
The organizers said they don’t know how many rabbis will ultimately participate. Those who have signed on so far primarily represent the Reform and Conservative movements of Judaism, whose followers tend to lean left politically.
Vermezovic left Chiefs in 2012 after a three-year spell in which he twice won the League Cup.
His last job was coach of Partizan Belgrade, who he left in April 2013 after less than a year in charge.
But today, there are only a handful of places that will accept this leaded glass. There's a lead smelter in Mississippi, and two more in Canada. And an Indian company, Videocon, is buying it too. But the pipeline of abandoned CRTs is spewing out far more leaded glass than the market can bear. "Nowadays, everything is flat panels. There's just no use for the glass," says Earl Campbell, owner of E-Waste Harvesters in Phoenix. "What you're left with is this glass that you literally have to pay to get rid of."
California pays recycling companies about $10 per monitor to haul away these old school TVs. Typically, they're moved to processing facilities where they can bet stripped of copper, plastic, and circuit boards. The recycling companies can sell all of this waste, but that still leaves the leaded glass in the CRTs. And getting rid of that costs money. So, instead, companies simply store the old monitors or glass in warehouses – warehouses that are increasingly being abandoned.
Acting with just five weeks left in the administration, federal agencies refused to renew leases held by a mining company just outside — and upstream from — the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, along the Canadian border. Officials also took steps that could lead to a much larger area being put off limits to mining.
In an unexpected move, council also rejected plans to expand the gambling floor at Woodbine Racetrack, a narrow result that left the site's operator concerned for its future. However, council went on to vote in favour of pursuing discussions with the provincial and federal governments to expand the amount of convention space in the city, news that will be welcomed by those who say Toronto is lagging behind other North American destinations.
We meet the three families after the murder of Matt Skokie, a US military veteran who has become a petty drug dealer in Modesto, Calif. His divorced parents, recovering gambling addict father Russ (Timothy Hutton) and racist mother Barb (Felicity Huffman), are bitterly reunited. Matt’s wife, Gwen (Kira Pozehl), survives the shooting but is left stricken with aphasia and cannot help the case; her parents (W. Earl Brown and Penelope Ann Miller) are more concerned with their daughter’s recovery than with Barb’s crusade for justice. A local family, the Gutierrezes, becomes swept up in the arrests when a teenage boy (Johnny Ortiz) is in the wrong place at the wrong time.
: The qualifier is cancelled if 4 or less Teams sign up. Each signed up team receives 1 point.Team captains, (and nobody else) must join the ingame channel SwissLegends at 12:45 o clock on the day of the qualifier. We reserve the right to disqualify teams that are not on time.The tournament bracket will be published at 12:45 CET on the day of the qualifier.Teams in the upper position on the tournament tree have first pick.The team with first pick opens a Custom Game in tournament draft mode with a random password and invites the captain of the enemy team, who will communicate the names of the other members of his team.The pause function can be used in case of disconnects only if no fights are happening! If a pause is used this is to be communicated to the tournament administration after the match.In case of abuse to achieve an advantage the offending team willbe disqualified.The winning team has to submit a screenshot of the aftergame lobby to the ingame channel SwissLegends. (Snipping Tool and imgur.com are recommended)If a team wishes to have a break between matches, this has to be discussed with their next opponent and the tournament administration. Team captains that are absent without informing the administration risk disqualification of their team.: Each Team signing up for a qualifier will be able to specify 6 players. During the respective qualifier, the team can freely swap out between these 6 players, but not with any players not specified during signup. At every following qualifier or at the Finals, the teams will once again be able to specifiy 6 players. HOWEVER, 5 out of these 6 players must have been specified at the original signup to qualify as the same team that earned points in any previous events.All Teams need to consist of 100% players that are living in switzerland. All players in any team that break this rule knowingly will be exempt from any further events. This rule includes all 6 players.The first qualifier will be seeded randomly. Every following qualifier will be seeded according to points the teams have already scored.The 8 Teams with the highest amount of points out of all 4 Qualification events will be participating in the finals on. Should any team not be able to participate, the next team in the ranking will be qualified. In case of a tie, a Best of 1 will be played between the tied teams.The detailed schedule will be published shortly after the final qualifier.THERE ARE NO PRIZES FOR THE QUALIFIER EVENTS!All prizes refer to the finals that will be played on Sunday, the 23rd of February 2014 at 13:00 CET.1. Place - 3200 Riot Points + Ryze Skin for all 5 players of the team + 1x150 Swiss francs2. Place - 2400 Riot Points for all 5 players of the team + 1x50 Swiss francs.3. Place - 1600 Riot Points for all 5 players of the team4. Place - 800 Riot Points for all 5 players of the teamRiot points and skins will be distributed by Riot Games. The cash prize will be transferred to the team captain. Further distribution is the concern of the team captains.Should this format be a success, Qualifiers for Swiss Legends #4 will begin on March 2nd, 2014. The best 4 teams from the Finals will automatically be qualified for the next finals and do not need to participate in qualifiers.Copy and paste the form below the line and complete it with the according information about your team. Teams can only sign up for the current qualifier., even if this leaves their score below 0. Teams can withdraw from a signup until the signup closes. However, all withdrawals are final.Submit the filled out sign up sheet in this thread or mail it to us:
It brought to mind the director of my study abroad program in Beijing, who had introduced me to what she dubbed “the social institution of the polite lie.” The polite lie is a lie that a stranger tells a stranger to avoid the discomfort of being direct. She told a story of trying to catch a ride from a cab driver that was playing a game of cards on the street. “I would take you,” he said, but my car is out of gas. She could see that he was playing cards and did not want to leave his game. She could also see the dashboard of his car, and she pointed out that he did in fact have gas in his car. “That gauge is broken,” the driver retorted without looking up from his game.
The first two are for links and image tags, respectively. I consistently confuse the two so why leave it to guessing? The front snippet is handy in that date for the permalink is automatically populated when the snippet is expanded.
In experiments involving stimulation of the left and right nostrils with pleasant and unpleasant fragrances, researchers have found differences in olfactory cortical neurone activity in the left and right hemispheres of the brain which correlate with the ‘pleasantness ratings’ of the odorants. These studies are claimed to indicate that positive emotions are predominantly processed by the left hemisphere of the brain, while negative emotions are more often processed by the right hemisphere. (The ‘pleasant’ odorant used in these experiments, as in many others, was vanillin.)
In another study – a consumer test of shampoos – a shampoo which participants ranked last on general performance in an initial test, was ranked first in a second test after its fragrance had been altered. In the second test, participants said that the shampoo was easier to rinse out, foamed better and left the hair more glossy. Only the fragrance had been changed.
The real safety reasons, it turned out, were more pedestrian but poorly explained – a sense that Canadians in Tehran were exposed. There's no U.S. embassy there and the British left last November, when their gated embassy was stormed by protesters. Ottawa worried Canadians could be next in line as the enemy foreigners. If Israel launches strikes, Canadian diplomats believed they would be taken hostage. Ottawa, after all, has become Israel's staunchest defender.
After all, if you're trying to send the world a strong message about Iran, it's best not to leave them puzzled about Canada.
½ teaspoon dried basil (or a few leaves if you have the option of fresh basil, finely chopped)
¼ teaspoon dried oregano (again, use fresh herbs if you have the option, a few leaves will do the trick)
1 cup vegan bread crumbs (You can make your own if you bake bread at home – leave it to dry and process it in your blender/food processor.)
In the reboot universe, J.J. Abrams could have amplified these central tenets of the character. With their planet gone, Spock and the remaining Vulcans are left without a home. “Star Trek” has built up this race as wise and philosophical, a people whose existence is based around knowledge, around reading and thinking and remembering. The total obliteration of the Vulcans’ home planet is the razing of the Great Library of Alexandria, the Fall of Babylon, the Sack of Rome and the incineration of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, all rolled into one.
Me: I will need to see the configuration. Can you do a left click on the Start button bottom left of your screen with the mouse?
In GM's case, federal prosecutors in New York can point to two criminal charges against General Motors, the company, for concealing a deadly defect and for wire fraud. But even here, GM got off easy. The charges are deferred and will be dismissed in three years if GM fixes its recall process under an appointed federal monitor. Prosecutors also left the door open to charging individuals in the future, but nobody should hold their breath. It's hard to see what more investigating could turn up at this stage.
Maybe that’s the way to think about Primus in 2014. Les turned 50 last year and proved he could leave it behind before, so that it’s back and once again thriving – having not altered its fundamentals – is the reason to keep coming. There’s heart behind Primus; it’s not a mechanical “wacky” for wacky’s sake. Underneath the scary-funky menagerie populating this trio’s world is a band aging with grace.
The 3 second rule: players must be on the move all the time when they don’t have the ball. When your team is attacking you should never stay in the same place without the ball for more than 3 seconds. In a game of 40 minutes you play for 4 minutes with the ball and 36 without it. To find space, occupy the space left free by a teammate. The player with the ball moves closer to the defender (to be able to go past him and force him to turn around), the players without the ball move away from their defenders (to create space and passing options). Help the player who has the ball. Sometimes this means getting closer; other times you need to move away. The aim, every time, is to create a clear passing line between you and your teammates. Never lose sight of the ball nor the eyes of the teammate who has it – sometimes it doesn’t matter if you move if your teammate has not even seen you. Pass and run – like the old motto: ‘pass and move’, but with an emphasis on the urgency of your movement. Be generous with your passing. The game is won by the TEAM who scores more goals; not the player who scores more goals. Separate where you look from where you pass. Do not make obvious passes. Use the element of disguise. Futsal is a sport for “liars”. Good players make it more difficult for the opposition to read them by performing feints when they’re passing, and checking away from their markers before moving in the other direction and losing their marker. (See an example of Sean Garnier do it in his tips for futsal – see tip 2 on his list). Passes must be strong but not carelessly violent. A firm pass doesn’t give defenders any unnecessary time to intercept it, or to close the space on the player receiving it. Be careful with passes from one wing to another when playing close to your own goal, near the “D”. If they’re intercepted they’ll lead to an easy chance for the opposition.
main.pony:20:5: can't use a consumed local in an expression b.set(0) ^ main.pony:20:6: invalid left hand side b.set(0)
b can't be consumed as it's a field of Main . It can't be left consumed - it must have a valid Foo iso object stored in it. In Pony assignment returns the old value of the variable being assigned too. This allows assigning a new value to the field and returning the old value in one operation and avoiding leaving the field in an invalid state:
Anderson and her boyfriend, Ernest Wright, the child's father, went in for questioning by police. She said she left a purple child's cup with some of the drug on a bedroom dresser, the arrest report said.
In Sudan, due to the civilian war, Exxon has had to leave the country after having discovered oil. So isn’t letting Somalia plunge into chaos contrary to American interests, which cannot exploit the discovered oil?
Soviets left the region. Somalia, still led by Siad Barre, integrated the neocolonial network of the imperialist forces. The country had been seriously damaged by the conflict and the World Bank and the IFM were in charge of “rebuilding” it. This has aggravated infighting among Somali bourgeoisie. Each regional elite wanted to have its own market. They made the divisions among the clans’ worst and contributed to the progressive dislocation of their country up to Siad Barre’s fall in 1990. Since that, any head of state succeeded to him.
No, the Ethiopian army was defeated and had to leave Somalia. On their side, the Islamic courts were dispersed in several movements that still control a big part of the country today. As for Abdulla Yusuf’s transitional government, he collapsed and United States replaced it by Sheik Sharif, the former Islamic Court spokesman.
Further, these outrageous examples of Foxx’s true beliefs plainly illustrate that the North Carolina congresswoman has absolutely nothing in common with the Republicans who helped advance the cause of civil rights in the 1960s. Rather, Foxx is just another product of the cynical GOP which prospered by exploiting the societal divisions left after their passing.
What Kasper proposes amounts to a break with tradition; if we are leaves or twigs, to cut off our branches to return to the roots entails dismemberment and decomposition. But we’ll get to that later. Suffice it to say that this concept is very enamoring for those looking for a precedent for their radicalism. The popularizer of the #fullcommunism meme likes it too:
There’s a lesson here, that the left doesn’t extend the same latitude it asks for when out of power. The legal standard privileging congregational self-determination with respect to church buildings was established in the famous King’s Chapel case in 1787, when the first American Anglican bishop Samuel Seabury — consecrated by non-juring Scottish bishops — refused to ordain the new rector of a Boston church, a Harvard man (of course) because of his turn to Unitarian theology. So they went their own way. Today, the Episcopal Church still fights for nearly every church building, but the dissenters are on the right, not the left.
For the record, I’d be more comfortable knowing my money was well spent on a tax for the relief of the poor levied by a Catholic monarch than one passed by Congress in a secular nation-state and enforced by the IRS. Is that so insane? That a king’s sense of social justice might in some instances be better than the choices expressed by a hundred million meaningless votes, mediated through a duopoly, a zillion special interests, and what’s left of a constitutional process? This arrangement makes villains out of Republicans too, with even Reagan and especially Bush the Younger busting budgets and leaving it for the Democrats to clean up, a strategy Irving Kristol endorsed.
Oceans are the cradle of life on Earth. Giving life a birth date, though, is complicated as we’re still discovering traces of bacteria older than all those we found so far. For now, we think that the oldest one lived at least 3.5 billion years ago, so around one billion years after Earth’s formation. This theory is based on prints that bacteria left on soft mud that turned into rock with time. It is nearly impossible to preserve a bacterium as a “fossil” since they are extremely fragile.
Guard CJ Bruton waves to the Vector Arena crowd as the Breakers leave the court after warm-ups.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
“Doing this makes it seem easier for me to branch out when I leave here and continue with music,” said 10th grader Shanice Rodriguez, who has formed a duo with 11th-grade guitarist Elvin Jaquez. “I really want to keep doing this.”
That building will create more empty office space in the city when some 100 workers leave their current scattered locations and move in.
What all of this means is that bankers and the general public are left with the distinct impression not only that fraud in the financial industry was widespread, but also that those guilty of it are not likely to face any punishment. Simply put, this is a very dangerous combination of forces, one that will only lead to precisely the type of behavior that led to the most recent financial crisis in the first place.
"Some nights I can still hear the sounds of his roommates on the other side of the door, unknowingly talking and joking as I was held down," wrote Angie Epifano, a former member of the Amherst class of 2014, in the Amherst Student article that's being circulated via social media and college listservs across the country. "I had always fancied myself a strong, no-nonsense woman...May 25th [2011] temporarily shattered that self-image and left me feeling like the broken victim that I had never wanted to be."
Update: President Martin has issued a response to Epifano's essay. An excerpt: "Clearly, the administration's responses to reports have left survivors feeling that they were badly served. That must change, and change immediately."
Why he's here: Father Time is undefeated, as the old saying goes, and he seems to finally be catching up to Pujols. While he's still a smart, dangerous hitter at times, Pujols has seen his overall numbers plummet this year to career lows virtually across the board. And he still has four years left on his contract. Yeesh.
This implies that IBM is not at all well-positioned in the general SAN and filer hardware area, and products here have been left on their own. We can infer that development budgets for these product areas will not be growing.
It's well-known that the more adorable and charismatic of the endangered animals get most of the funding. That doesn't mean the cute animals, like the iconic panda, aren't worth saving, but it leaves a lot of the less photogenic but just as important animals out in the cold. Who's interested in saving the Brazilian bald-faced tamarin, which looks like a cross between a rabid monkey and a bat? Or the Komodo dragon, a 10-foot-long murderous lizard that's the embodiment of just about every childhood nightmare you ever had?
One of the most common sights following any major storm is a large number of houses with blue tarps pinned to their roofs. That was certainly true in Houston after Hurricane Harvey, and in Florida after Irma rolled through. But images from Puerto Rico following the devastation of Hurricane Maria are almost blue-roof-free. That’s not because the hurricane didn’t leave plenty of damaged homes — with winds speeds over 150 mph when it made landfall, Maria was a monster storm that ripped shingles from homes that met even the most stringent hurricane standards.
Republicans in the House, who recently passed a budget that cut virtually all domestic programs and left defense spending untouched, insist on ending support for PPFA. Democrats have conceded to a wide cross-section of their proposed cuts, but insist that womens’ health services are not negotiable.
While NV Energy, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, battles to keep the cap in place, it’s also fighting on another front. A consortium of casinos and businesses is looking to leave NV Energy’s grid and start generating their own power, saying they’re being placed at a competitive disadvantage because they’re paying more for energy than their business rivals in nearby states. The state Public Utilities Commission has said it would charge hefty fees — $27 million in the case of Las Vegas data center Switch — to let industrial ratepayers leave the system.
Meanwhile, the utility is facing another threat in the form of technological advances. Tesla’s Powerwall unit, a relatively cheap storage battery that can charge up on solar power, can help business operators and homeowners reduce their reliance on the grid — or, for the very wealthy, leave it altogether.
The utilities commission ruled this month that Switch would have to pay $27 million to leave the grid. Switch has asserted it should pay about $18 million.
Yet the combination of limits on net metering programs and high exit fees seems to leave companies squeezed in the middle. Switch has said its energy costs in Nevada are 30 percent higher than competitors’ in nearby states.
One month later, a Russian attack on three schools in the Einjara district of Aleppo left 17 people dead, 15 of whom were students. Russian jets targeted an elementary school and two high schools. Mohammad al-Khatib, a media activist who witnessed the aftermath of the attack, described the scene in vivid detail.
"It was not only the largest free-trade agreement in history, it was the best ever for U.S. workers, closing loopholes Nafta had left open. TPP included restrictions on foreign state-owned enterprises that dumped subsidized products into our markets, intellectual property protections for rising U.S. technologies — like free access for all cloud computing services — but also anti-human-trafficking provisions that prohibited turning guest workers into slave labor, a ban on trafficking in endangered wildlife parts, a requirement that signatories permit their workers to form independent trade unions to collectively bargain and the elimination of all child labor practices — all to level the playing field with American workers."
To President Donald Trump, backing out of the Paris deal was a message to the rest of the world that the United States would not be held to terms he doesn't like in international deals. | AP Photo Trump supporters revel in Paris exit Bannon's fingerprints on decision to leave climate agreement, a decision supporters say is broadly supported outside Washington.
President Donald Trump's decision to leave the Paris climate agreement received a similar reaction to his travel ban: international scorn, widespread protests and condemnations from groups and business executives who often stay quiet.
Withdrawal from the accord, like the travel ban, was spearheaded internally by Steve Bannon, the president's chief strategist. But White House officials, advisers and others close to the president say Bannon's job of convincing Trump is easier because the president has a natural tendency to take the same path as he — and that while Bannon irked the president with his behavior in the West Wing, Trump has never left him ideologically.
With none of his political opponents too keen to entertain his shenanigans, Kejriwal was ultimately left with the ignominious route of pulling the plug on himself. Only time will tell if his gamble pays off electorally. But for anyone to assume that the people of India will ignore his dismal record, would be akin to gassing the truth.
Wounded or otherwise weakened fish should be moved to quarantine tanks where they can be treated and given time to recuperate, since weak fish that is left in the main aquarium can serve as a breeding ground for all sorts of malicious microorganisms that may eventually grow numerous enough to attack even the healthy fishes.
An aquarium that has had an outbreak of fish tuberculosis should be meticulously cleaned out with bleach and left to dry before you restock it.
There is a mass exodus of Christians from the Iraqi city of Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq. The Muslim fanatics who have taken over the city, calling themselves the Islamic State, issued an ultimatum to the city’s Christians earlier this month, saying that if they did not leave by Saturday, July 19, they “must convert to Islam, pay a fine, or face ‘death by the sword.’” As of Tuesday, most of the city’s estimated 3,000 Christians had fled.
Mosul has played a role in Christian history since the first and second centuries, when the Assyrians in the city converted to Christianity. It is the home to many churches, as well as mosques and synagogues. Al Jazeera described, via an Assyrian Christian who chose to stay behind, how a statue of the Virgin Mary outside of one of Mosul’s churches was destroyed and replaced with a black flag. This Christian is one of the last left in Mosul, as most others have fled, many leaving with only the clothes on their backs.
In armed conflict, sexual violence is committed by men against men as psychological warfare in order to demoralize the enemy.[54] The practice is ancient, and was recorded as taking place during the Crusades.[55] Castration is used as a means of physical torture with strong psychological effects, namely the loss of the ability to procreate and the loss of the status of a full man.[55] International criminal law does not consider gender based sexual violence against men a separate type of offense and treats it as war crimes or torture.[56] The culture of silence around this issue often leaves men with no support.[57]
Days earlier, needing overtime to pull out a win against the Orlando Magic, it was Waiters who drove to his left with the clock running down, sinking a lay-up that would eventually send the Cavaliers into extra frames. Down two points with 20 seconds to go against the Pacers, Waiters once again took an inbound pass at the top of the key. The 6-foot-3-inch guard was being guarded by a 6-foot-9-inch small forward in Paul George, one of the best defenders in the league. Waiters made quick work of George, blowing by him on a drive to his right side. The catch: The Pacers center, a 7-foot tall Roy Hibbert, was playing weak-side defense and turned into a brick wall, forcing Waiters to take a tough shot that would ultimately not fall .
This is the same Paul George who, in a feature for ESPN The Magazine, was recently dubbed one of the game’s top players even in the event that he would never score a single, solitary point; the same George who has transcended himself to being the 1A among small forwards, behind only the reigning MVP in LeBron James. When asked by WFNY about going to his left, a voice came shooting over the horde of media members who were swirling about. It was fellow swingman CJ Miles who prodded his teammate—”Everyone knows you wanted to go left,” he said, drawing a laugh from anyone within earshot. All it takes is a quick Google Image search of “Dion Waiters driving” to find dozens of images of Waiters, full steam ahead, with the basketball in his left hand. The left wasn’t there.
By now, you’ve heard the story. Following the loss to the Thunder, a game that not only left many feeling good, but showed that his team was still fighting despite the point in the season and the opponent, it was Dion Waiters, having just scored 30 points, who was sitting in Mike Brown’s office, in a towel having not yet gotten dressed, waiting for his coach to finish his post-game address of the media. You see, despite the 30 points that he had just scored, Waiters felt that he did not do all that he could have done—in the rebounding and hustle department, specifically—and wanted to apologize. Why? Because “that’s what men do,” he would later say.
Right now. A work in progress. Sure, all signs for Waiters are currently pointing up, but just like their head coach, his veteran teammates know that with life comes with qualifiers, with praise comes the notion that things are far from over. No matter where you are, no matter how far you’ve come, the rug can be pulled out from under your feet at any time—it comes down to how quick you can adapt to the altered landscape. For Waiters, to this point, his NBA career has been stocked full of almosts and what-could-have-beens. Fortunately for him, he’s just 22 years old and has shown that he finally knows what everyone else has for the last two years— just because you want to go to your left doesn’t mean the defense is going to give it to you.
Oh yeah, and there was actual Pedro swag! (As you might spot in the lower left corner of the above image)
Prettymuch every surface in the corner we started in was choked in the bright green, fleshy leaves of Madeira vine, a garden escapee which hails from South America.
Madeira vine leaves can be cooked like spinach and are highly nutritious
Our personal compromise? To meet the Madeira vine half way. We removed it from our intensive planting bed, But we left it be under the lemon tree, where it seemed happiest.
Following three weeks of trekking north through the West Bank and Jordan Valley, the expedition was briefly put on hold after McCarron’s walking partner, writer Dave Cornthwaite, suffered two stress fractures in his left foot.
Some writers, of course, prefer to avoid the explicit statement of spirit entirely. Hemingway and his ilk have a very high ratio of potatoes-to-vodka, with Hemingway’s followers arranged around him in a haphazard spatter array. To take a familiar example, Raymond Carver’s “Why Don’t You Dance” lives almost entirely in the present, physical moment; a man, now without his wife (we gather she has left because of his drinking, among other reasons), puts his household belongings out in his yard and driveway, arranging them for sale just as they have been arranged in the house. A young couple comes along; the girl dances with the man, and is evidently affected by his plight. The story is told in simple, factual terms, with little or no reference to thoughts, feelings, or epiphanic realizations. The story’s final section, in its entirety, goes:
…a flat-roofed redwood modern oriented along a little sheltered ridge overlooking the marsh to the south. The foyer was floored in flagstones; on the right an open stairway went down to a basement level where the three children (Jonathan, Julia, Henrietta) slept and the laundry was done and the cars were parked. Above this, on the main level, were the kitchen, the dining room, the master bedroom, a polished hall where hung reproductions of etchings by Rembrandt, Durer, Piranesi, and Picasso. To the left of the foyer a dramatically long living room opened up, with a shaggy cerulean rug and two facing white sofas and symmetrical hi-fi speakers and a Baldwin grand and at the far end an elevated fireplace with a great copper hood. The house bespoke money in the service of taste. In the summer evenings he would drive back from the station through the livelong light hovering above the tawny marshes, flooded or dry according to the tides, and find his little wife, her black hair freshly combed and parted, waiting on the longer of the sofas, which was not precisely white but rather a rough Iranian wool bleached to the pallor of sand mixed with ash. A record, Glenn Gould or Dinu Lupatti playing Bach or Schumann, would be sending forth clear vines of sound from the invisible root within the hi-fi closet. A pitcher of martinis would have been mixed and held chilled within the refrigerator toward this precious moment of his daily homecoming….
But what are we to do with this, then, as writers of prose? Probably we ought to note the relative scarcity of successful examples on the left side of the chart, whose few denizens have managed, like those extremophile bacteria who manage to flourish on ocean-bottom vents or in sulfuric acid pools in the depths of limestone caves, to survive in difficult environments, deriving great hogsheads of spirit from mere armfuls of potatoes. We ought to observe the cluster of sturdy realists trading remarks around the 10:2 mark, with the anomalous Coetzee somehow standing there too, all cool and gray and saying absolutely nothing whatsoever to anybody, and we may further admiringly note the high, plush posts of the great novelists, who manage to furnish their work with not only a great amplitude of matter but also of insight. We will leave it to the poets and especially to those lucky vessels who feel themselves recipients of divine inspiration to aspire to the ratio of 100:100, wherein the great unimaginable gigantitude of the world is, leaf-by-leaf, quantum-by-quantum, infused with the fullness of a supernaturally omnipresent understanding. We here are only prose writers, and we have deadlines to meet, so something like “just enough, not too much” will have to do. A little vodka is good for you, let us be satisfied to say, and too much ain’t.
He was a stout tallish young man. The high colour of his cheeks pushed upwards even to his forehead where it scattered itself in a few formless patches of pale red; and on his hairless face there scintillated restlessly the polished lenses and the bright gilt rims of the glasses which screened his delicate and restless eyes. His glossy black hair was parted in the middle and brushed in a long curve behind his ears where it curled slightly beneath the groove left by his hat. When he had flicked lustre into his shoes he stood up and pulled his waistcoat down more tightly on his plump body. Then he took a coin rapidly from his pocket.
Lizzie’s time in the coal industry was short-lived. Like most women who joined heavy industry during the First World War, Lizzie saw her wartime job as a temporary expedient. She expected to leave the job once her miner husband came home from the front. The majority of married women never entered the labour market during the war, believing that their place was at home with their families. The Government, trade unions and employers similarly saw women’s employment only as temporary. The end of the war saw the mass withdrawal of women from the labour market. Some went voluntarily like Lizzie. Many others were summarily dismissed. Some trade unions began lobbying for a ban on the employment of married women, concerned that the war had all too readily demonstrated that women were able to compete with their male counterparts. Women were encouraged to return to more “gender appropriate” trades like domestic service. Lizzie spent the rest of her working life as a charwoman, raising her family and caring for her wounded husband Jimmy.
But this practice carried a sizable cost for the company: Ambitious employees often ended up quitting for better opportunities elsewhere. The first to go was Warren Winiarski, the academic refugee from the University of Chicago. Winiarski worked through the first two crushes at the Robert Mondavi Winery, amid the chaos of construction, and left shortly before the third in 1968.
This first year, Winiarski did much of the lab work himself as well as supervising crush, fermentation, and aging of the reds. Michael was doing his National Guard duty for much of the first year as the Vietnam War raged, so Winiarski took his guidance from Robert. In terms of the day-to-day production, Winiarski was in charge, without any sort of directions in terms of style from either Robert or Michael to produce, for example, Bordeaux-style wines. Because so much else was going at the winery—completing construction, negotiating grape contracts, and selling their first year’s wine—Winiarski was left mostly to his own devices. Yet by 1967, Michael had returned from the National Guard and become, in title at least, the winemaker at Mondavi.
Soaps are mixtures of sodium or potassium salts of fatty acids which can be derived from oils or fats by reacting them with an alkali (such as sodium or potassium hydroxide) at 80°–100 °C in a process known as saponification. fat + NaOH ---> glycerol + sodium salt of fatty acid CH 2 -OOC-R - CH-OOC-R - CH 2 -OOC-R (fat) + 3 NaOH ( or KOH) both heated ---> CH 2 -OH -CH-OH - CH 2 -OH (glycerol) + 3 R-CO 2 -Na (soap) R=(CH 2 ) 14 CH 3 Note about 3D molecules -- Our files on this page now use Jsmol instead of Jmol . These files make use of Javascript which permits viewing of molecules on tablets, phones and easier use on Macs. - Jsmol is best viewed with the Chrome browser. Try this!! Click the right mouse button with the cursor over the image--> Labels --> Element Symbols Click on the left mouse button and rotate the soap structure. Notice that one end of the molecules is made up of a hydrocarbon chain -- the other end is a very polar structure containing oxygen and sodium. Soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar at opposite ends of the molecule. How does Soap Work? Nearly all compounds fall into one of two categories: hydrophilic ('water-loving') and hydrophobic ('water-hating'). Water and anything that will mix with water are hydrophilic. Oil and anything that will mix with oil are hydrophobic. When water and oil are mixed they separate. Hydrophilic and hydrophobic compounds just don't mix. The cleansing action of soap is determined by its polar and non-polar structures in conjunction with an application of solubility principles. The long hydrocarbon chain is non-polar and hydrophobic (repelled by water). The "salt" end of the soap molecule is ionic and hydrophilic (water soluble). When grease or oil (non-polar hydrocarbons) are mixed with a soap- water solution, the soap molecules work as a bridge between polar water molecules and non-polar oil molecules. Since soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar molecules the soap can act as an emulsifier. An emulsifier is capable of dispersing one liquid into another immiscible liquid. This means that while oil (which attracts dirt) doesn't naturally mix with water, soap can suspend oil/dirt in such a way that it can be removed. The soap will form micelles (see below) and trap the fats within the micelle. Since the micelle is soluble in water, it can easily be washed away. [Micelle shown using the Jsmol
Bandic, a former Social Democrat who left the party in 2009 to run as an independent candidate in the presidential election that year, has been at the helm of the Croatian capital since 2000.
Sidney was born in 1757 in Clerkenwell, London, and was left at the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children (more commonly known as the Foundling Hospital) in London on 24 May 1757 by an anonymous individual. This person left a note explaining that the baby's baptismal name was Manima Butler and that she had been baptised in St James's Church, Clerkenwell. Her name was likely a misspelling of Monimia but there were no baptismal records for any spelling of the name at the parish.
Day came to the conclusion that he would not be able to find a wife who would meet his high standards and largely blamed women's education for this. Inspired by the character of Sophie in Rousseau's Emile, he resolved to "create" his ideal wife by raising her from adolescence, using the techniques laid out in the book. Day was approaching financial independence, when he would have full access to the money left to him, and conspired with his barrister friend, John Bicknell, to find two girls who could be taken into his care to be groomed as a perfect wife.
Sidney did not refuse the proposal, so Day planned the wedding while she considered it further and eventually agreed. During the preparations, Day left Sidney with friends for a few days, giving her strict instructions on what she should wear. When he returned to find her in an outfit that did not meet his requirements, he flew into a rage and Sidney fled for a few hours, so Day called off the engagement. Sidney was sent to a boarding house in Birmingham and given a stipend of £50 per annum (equivalent to £6,180 in 2018). Day resolved never to see her again.
Sidney and her two children were now left without an income. Day sent her a new stipend of £30 per year, (equivalent to £3,708 in 2018) which was matched by Edgeworth. Her husband's barrister friends raised £800 (equivalent to £98,873 in 2018) for the widow and her children. Sidney found a role as housekeeper for Charles Burney, as well as general manager of his schools in Chiswick, Hammersmith, and Greenwich. It was at his Greenwich school that her own children were educated.
Gathering information about your competitors’ strengths and weaknesses on social is critical. Not sure where to start? Read our quick guide, and then use this competitive analysis template to design a social marketing strategy that will leave your competitors in the dust.
Tear the leaves of the lettuce, wash and drain in a salad spinner or with a paper towel. Spread the leaves over the bottom of the serving bowl. Add drained and shredded tuna.
Just as people expect Ansari to be the proverbial boffin, it was assumed by some that he would leave cricket for a career in the City. “People were really supportive of my decision to retire. Mike Atherton wrote a really nice piece – as did Ali Martin in the Guardian. But there can be the assumption that because you’ve been to Cambridge you’d only give up cricket to earn a lot of money. My girlfriend and friends found that quite funny – because they know how far it is from the truth. Cricketers don’t get paid like footballers but I was earning more than my parents – and they have been academics for 40 years. So if money was a motivation I would have stayed longer in cricket.”
Over the next 20 years five investigations would look into the murder of Daniel Morgan . The initial investigation into the murder by the Metropolitan Police focused on Sid Fillery and Jonathan Rees, both who denied involvement in the murder. This was followed by an inquiry by Hampshire Police in 1988 focusing on Jonathan Rees and another man, but the charges were dropped because of a lack of evidence, with the Hampshire inquiry's 1989 report to the Police Complaints Authority stated that "no evidence whatsoever" had been found of police involvement in the murder. During this period Sid Fillery left the police to join Southern Investigations as Jonathan Rees’ business partner.
These two values will come in useful when you want to resize the shape, while keeping the actual element size, or move the shape while retaining the element position. In the following example, we’ll reduce the circle radius down to 60px and set the center coordinate to 30% 70% , which should move the circle to the bottom left of the element box.
"We go out to eat almost every night, so that’s something that was kind of eye-opening for him and he’s still kind of getting used to," said quarterback Joel Stave, his roommate this spring. "Every once in a while, he’ll leave a dollar and we’ve got to cover it for him."
"Onii-chan! Thank you for those delicious donuts! You even left those donuts for my 3 dogs and 4 cats too! You're the best!" she exclaimed as she hugged him tightly. "Onii-chan! My bus is here! I'll see you later!"
That puts Wright-Phillips' remarks that re-signing for Mark Hughes' Manchester City was like "coming home" into more context, even if throughout his second spell it always felt for the fans like things were never quite the same. The time away had left him unable to be the influence he once was.
The lawyers say the scheme is discriminatory because landlords are likely simply to say they aren't satisfied with a tenant's identity documents and refuse them accommodation. They also point out that somebody's immigration status is not necessarily straightforward, with the proposals taking no account of those who do not yet have leave to remain in Britain but have an outstanding application that clearly meets the immigration rules.
Finan draws on a wealth of experience developed over several years of high-level government service. Finan served in the military during the Iraq war. After spending two years at a startup, he joined the Obama administration in 2009. He worked on cybersecurity policy, first at the Pentagon and then at the White House. He left government service in 2012 and now works for a Silicon Valley startup that helps companies protect their customers' accounts from being hijacked.
1980 Grand Island tornado outbreak In this picture, there are two independent tornadoes on the ground marked by large debris clouds at ground level and are located a few hundred yards away from one another. The smaller tornado on the left is the first F1 to hit Grand Island. The 0.25 mile-wide tornado on the right is the second F3 to hit. Power flashes from electrical lines being destroyed by the ferocious winds illuminate the nighttime tornadoes. Type Tornado outbreak Duration June 3, 1980 Tornadoes confirmed 7 Max rating1 F4 tornado Duration of tornado outbreak2 2 hours, 45 miuntes Highest winds In excess of 207 mph Damage $ 300 million (1980 USD) Fatalities 5 fatalities, appx 200 injuries Areas affected Midwestern and Northeastern United States 1 Most severe tornado damage; see Fujita scale 2 Time from first tornado to last tornado
5 people were killed by the tornadoes, over 200 more injured, and damages were estimated at more than $285 million (USD) ($600 million 2003 USD). In Nebraska, Tornado warnings allowed people to get to safety in time, which prevented a higher death toll. The South Locust Street area in Grand Island was hardest hit, struck by the fifth tornado of the night (an F4 tornado). Much of the rubble and debris left by the tornadoes was placed in a landfill that now forms Tornado Hill, a popular biking and sledding spot In Grand Island today.
But anyway, we could go on all day. but you're a busy reader, so we'll get right to the point: Because Zappa left such a huge, mind-bogglingly vast body of musical works behind, newcomers to Zappa are often perplexed. They always ask something more or less along the snout of "Which songs should I listen to first?"
The collapse in the real estate and mortgage industries, coupled with the specter of inflation fueled by the rising price of oil and other commodities, has crimped employers and left top policymakers and private analysts convinced that the economy is in for a prolonged period of sluggishness.
Remember Solyndra? The company, a favorite of Obama (because its owners raised tons of campaign money for him), tried to market solar panels that produce electricity, its efforts funded by taxpayer-guaranteed loans. It went bust, like so many of those companies did, because there’s no market for high-priced, weather-dependent electricity. Solyndra left us stuck with about $535 million in bad loans.
"Obviously, you want to leave her laying there if she's not in danger, but we're in the middle of a state highway so I couldn't leave her just laying there," he said.
The stereo output on my Iphone allowed me to create a left and right signal as I also wanted to model the output after the brain, left-side, right-side, me as corpus callosum mediating both. I enacted this set up based on my gut-belief that higher tones work better with one side of the brain than the other, that side being the right side.
After finding the tones on Signal Generator, I’d punch them into the preset option on an app called Function Generator, which I set to run on the right side through its stereo function. In 432 for instance, I created sine tone presets between 108hz and 647hz, and between 110hz and 659hz for 440. I ran these tones through two 1x12 amps spread about 15 feet apart. On the left side, via the Moog Filtatron App, I ran an oscillating sub frequency out of two 1x15 bass amps (about 15 feet apart) at 54hz for 432 and 55hz for the 440 piece. Both apps could run in the background, or at the same time. The Moog generated the sub frequency, the Tone Generator created the mids, highs and one low pitch, 108hz for 432 and 110hz for 440.
Lady Gaga wants you to understand one day in the distant future she wants to be left alone.
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
As with all presidential pardons (seriously how are these still a thing?), the prospect of this one has sparked instant outrage and controversy, which as always has broken down along predictable partisan lines. Those on what passes for America’s political left nowadays despise Arpaio for his consistent and extensive history of systemic racial profiling and brutal mistreatment of prisoners, while those on the right adore him for the exact same reasons. I’d like to quickly remind everyone of a rarely-discussed reason why Arpaio should have been rotting in a prison cell for a long time already, which has nothing to do with any of those things.
Israel has allowed some fuel and medical supplies into Gaza, but has kept the border crossings closed except to meet emergency humanitarian needs. The block on food, fuel and medicine has led to long lines at stores and left hospitals without heat.
To be sure, Mr. Mozilo did not disappoint his fellow limousine liberals. He goes on the attack and smears credit underwriters as being judgmental — the antithesis of political correctness. Considering that Countrywide had become the largest private mortgage lender in the U.S., the following words depict a man who had taken leave of his senses:
Hundreds of thousands of workers have already left the kingdom following a grace period of seven months during which authorities told expatriates that if they did not fix their legal status they had to leave the country or face jail.
Many workers cannot leave the country because they lack official papers, including passports, the paper said.
The resignation and guilty plea were a dramatic reversal from the man who on Friday stood on the Capitol steps and said he would not leave office because he had done nothing illegal.
Bentley’s resignation follows the ouster of former House Speaker Mike Hubbard, who left office in 2016 after being convicted on ethics charges, and former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, who was suspended from his post last year over an order opposing same-sex marriage.
“Sales of the BlackBerry® Z10 are meeting expectations and the data we have collected from our retail and carrier partners demonstrates that customers are satisfied with their devices,” said BlackBerry President and CEO Thorsten Heins. “Return rate statistics show that we are at or below our forecasts and right in line with the industry. To suggest otherwise is either a gross misreading of the data or a willful manipulation. Such a conclusion is absolutely without basis and BlackBerry will not leave it unchallenged.”
Above: Each of the three images covers the same patch of Martian ground centered on skylight "Annie," which has a diameter about double the length of a football field. The left panel shows an ordinary white light view of Annie; right panels show infrared images in mid-afternoon (center) and just before sunrise (right). [More]
The MPs called on ministers to “right the wrong” of Labour’s decision on the vessel, saying: “As we leave the European Union, there has never been a better time to consider how Britain projects herself on the world stage.
Drew Geis, Christian's father, told the station that 45 minutes later, Carosella took the shovel his son had left on the beach and then attacked him when he was walking back to his hotel room.
At some point, Rapp said he turned to see Spacey standing at the bedroom door. And that’s when he first realized that everyone else had left the party. They were alone.
Shape Created with Sketch. Protest in Manila against Donald Trump's visit to the Philippines Show all 14 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Protest in Manila against Donald Trump's visit to the Philippines 1/14 Riot police block protesters during a rally near the US embassy AFP/Getty Images 2/14 Protesters shout slogans while displaying portraits of U.S. President Donald Trump and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte AP 3/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 4/14 Protesters burn a banner of Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 5/14 Protesters against Donald Trump's visit AP 6/14 Protesters deface portraits of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte AP 7/14 Protesters clash with anti-riot police officers as they try to march towards the U.S. embassy REUTERS 8/14 A mural bearing the image of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte is burnt REUTERS 9/14 Activists march on a road leading to the US embassy during a protest in Manila EPA 10/14 Protesters scuffle with riot police AFP/Getty Images 11/14 Protesters shout anti-US slogans as they burn a banner featuring the image of US President Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 12/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 13/14 Protesters display placards as they shout anti-US slogans AFP/Getty Images 14/14 Anti-riot police officers block protesters REUTERS 1/14 Riot police block protesters during a rally near the US embassy AFP/Getty Images 2/14 Protesters shout slogans while displaying portraits of U.S. President Donald Trump and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte AP 3/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 4/14 Protesters burn a banner of Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 5/14 Protesters against Donald Trump's visit AP 6/14 Protesters deface portraits of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte AP 7/14 Protesters clash with anti-riot police officers as they try to march towards the U.S. embassy REUTERS 8/14 A mural bearing the image of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte is burnt REUTERS 9/14 Activists march on a road leading to the US embassy during a protest in Manila EPA 10/14 Protesters scuffle with riot police AFP/Getty Images 11/14 Protesters shout anti-US slogans as they burn a banner featuring the image of US President Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 12/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 13/14 Protesters display placards as they shout anti-US slogans AFP/Getty Images 14/14 Anti-riot police officers block protesters REUTERS
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
Hi, I just wanted to thank you (even profusely!) for the latest issue. Just to mention only a few things, I am very happy that you ran the story about Pat Fanning (or, as he may prefer, Pádraig Ó Fainín) He is definitely a very fine and remarkable man. I won't go through what you have already put in the article, but he definitely deserves a lot of recognition for what he has done for these many years. Also, I was pleased and delighted with the video of the Australian girl playing the Prelude from Bach's Partita #3. It's a lovely piece, but I have heard it played only on the violin. I had certainly never heard it played on a mandolin, and that is a real accomplishment, as it's not an easy piece to play on any instrument. As for the short piece on my experiences driving in Italy, I can assure you that everything I said is true -- and I could have added a lot more, but I didn't want to bore people too much. And, of course, my congratulations on having The Snail pass her 50,000 km mark. Well done, Snail! see what a bit of maintenance will do? So, all in all, an outstanding and enjoyable issue -- even taking into account the bearded fellow with the cap, the glasses and the vest with all the patches on it who is standing on the left with his hands in his pockets in the first frame of the Clogheen Movie. I think that he should buy me a beer at the Porterhouse in Bray. Just because, that's all. Have a great summer, everyone! David Wallace (in New Jersey)
It’s an argument with profound implications for a left too often infatuated with the symbolic power of celebrity gestures. Today, progressives regularly devote themselves to identifying high-profile representatives of the oppressed (whether in politics and pop culture, or in sport and in arts) and championing their achievements, in the expectation that diversity will trickle down to ordinary people.
Many on the left – particularly in the ALP – take the failure of identity politics as proof that, if we want to relate to class anger, we can’t call out bigotry or denounce backwardness or welcome refugees. If we do so, we’ll be alienating workers, who don’t care about anything other than checking their pay packet and occasionally glumly swilling some beer.
Understood in those terms, class not only offers the left a basis on which to analyse society but also provides a strategy with which to change it. Or, to put it another way, a recognition of class shouldn’t be an alternative to combatting oppression so much as a basis on which oppression can be defeated.
Some MPs had argued for prior judicial approval for an assisted death, but the committee decided it should be left to the medical profession to decide in a sensitive team-based way, sources say.
That was when the second bit of bad news dropped. Her mother got into a car accident, breaking a leg and injuring her back. She ended up needing surgery, the kind that required a recovery period that extended beyond the holidays. As a result, a plane trip to Florida just wasn’t feasible. She had to stay home and Jessie couldn’t leave her. She needed her help around the house as she recovered.
It made Christmas Eve feel even colder than it already was. After spending most of the day putting up decorations and keeping her mother comfortable, she felt too tired to be festive. It seemed like this year’s Christmas would be the same quiet, uneventful affair that left her so jaded as a kid.
In rebel-held districts of the capital Damascus, the Free Syrian Army (FSA) is trying to fill the gap left by the state. “But it’s obviously difficult because when there’s shelling, nobody cares about cleaning the streets. So, in some districts, the situation is disastrous. You even see dead animals lying in the streets.”
These days, the self-help landscape seems to be split in two. On the one hand, the culture’s growing insistence on empiricism has left a clear stamp on the genre. Gone is the relatively freewheeling prose of How to Win Friends and Influence People and even The Road Less Travelled, which mainly espouse the authors’ personal views rather than particular scientific theories or schools of thought. They’ve been succeeded by books such as David Burns’s Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy (1980), Martin Seligman’s Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life (1990), and Carol Dweck’s Mindset: The New Psychology of Success (2006), all of which cite one scientific study after another to bolster their recommendations for behavioural change. Many of today’s popular science books also advertise some sort of self-help takeaway. Malcolm Gladwell’s David and Goliath (2013), marshalls research describing how people can turn perceived weaknesses (dyslexia, childhood trauma) into strengths – a message tailor-made for self-improvement boosters.
"I thought that last year when he left Rennes he would come to Barca because he has a lot of talent. "Could he come now? I do not know. Anything is possible and it would be a great signing.
The Eagles would go on to score and take back the lead with just 38 seconds left in the 2nd quarter sending both teams to their locker rooms with the Eagles leading 13-7.
The Redskins marched down the field on the ensuing possession by converting a crucial 4th down and scored on a pitch to running back Chris Thompson who scrambled 25 yards into the endzone with 1:53 left in the game. Finally giving a short respite for the suffering Redskins fans.
Undoubtedly many Redskin fans at that point in the game also knew there was too much time left for the Eagles to possibly win the game, with the current state of this Redskin defense. Luckily, Kerrigan created havoc, time stood still, and the defense made the play of the game.
Haley: And what did Dad say when you left the family business to work in film?
Turkey's foreign ministry said it did not want the Dutch ambassador to Ankara to return from leave "for some time".
With just about a month left in 2017, Japan is gearing up for the winter season as snow begins to cover its northern regions and seasonal illumination lights up scenic spots across the country.
In Sendai in Miyagi Prefecture, northeastern Japan, Mt. Izumigatake recorded its first snowfall on Nov. 20, creating a splendid contrast with fallen red autumn leaves along the mountain path.
Sometimes even the most quixotic ideas need to be stamped out before they take root. At least, that's the premise of Rep. Greg Walden's plan to ban trillion-dollar platinum coins. Some on the left had floated the idea of minting such coins as a work-around to another debt-ceiling fight with the GOP. Walden's bill would limit the value of platinum coins to $200, which, presumably, would not go very far toward circumventing a debt-ceiling battle.
There will be a moment during this preseason when we all just want to move forward to the fun stuff. This is not that moment. Addicts that make it this far down a "Preseason Watchability" column have a football problem. We complain about the preseason, but we watch it. We are grateful to have any live tackling and actual scores back in our lives. Now there are just 26 weeks left until it goes away once again.
Francys Arsentiev was the first American woman to reach Everest’s summit without the aid of bottled oxygen, in 1998. But climbers do not recognize this as a successful ascent since she never made it down the mountain. Following a rough night time trek to camp, her husband, a fellow climber, noticed she was missing. Despite the dangers, he chose to turn back to find his wife anyway. On his way back, he encountered a team of Uzbek climbers, who said they had tried to help Francys but had to abandon her when their own oxygen became depleted. The next day, two other climbers found Francys, who was still alive but in too poor of a condition to be moved. Her husband’s ice axe and rope were nearby, but he was nowhere to be found. Francys died where the two climbers left her, and climbers solved her husband’s disappearance the following year when they found his body lower down on the mountain face where he fell to his death.
But one other thing about fast track folks need to know, which is—and this gets to the weird politics—you’ve got the president basically doing the bidding of all the big corporations and commercial interests that spent millions of dollars to make sure he wasn’t elected the first time and to try and not elect him the second time. Against him are the entire labor movement united. There was a letter signed by every union president—basically, the most unity in the labor movement since certain unions left the AFL-CIO 20 years ago. And it’s the government employee unions, it’s the service sector unions—all the unions that are affected by what happens when all of our good jobs are taken away and the tax base crashes. And you’ve got groups that have never been involved in a trade fight before, all the Internet freedom groups who realize the agreement would undermine the basic rights to an accessible, free Internet. There are issues about net neutrality that could be rolled back. It’s just overarchingly a delivery mechanism for a huge, broad corporate agenda. So then, why would the president be with the Chamber of Commerce, the NAM, all the big lobby groups that also tried to unelect him? And against him are almost every House Democrat, and then, interestingly, a bunch of conservative Republicans.
AMY GOODMAN: We’re going to have to leave it there.
So, up she went again. When she got up there, Luca was taking his socks off and on his left foot he was missing three toes. When Sofia saw this, she ran downstairs.
Our real adventures in Iceland began once we left Reykjavik. Aren’t you the least bit curious to see what we did? Read more to see all the places we explored in Iceland!
But the bottom line is the states. We say we like the 10th Amendment—until we start talking about this. And I think the federal government has gone too far. I think that the war on drugs has had a racial outcome and really has been something that’s really damaged our inner cities. Not only do the drugs damage them, we damage them again by incarcerating them and then preventing them from getting employment over time. So, I don’t think that the federal government should override the states. I believe in the 10th Amendment, and I really will say that the states are left to themselves.
SEN. RAND PAUL: Well, I think if we left it open, we could see how many people smoked pot in high school.
Shine on, ions: Beryllium ions are trapped inside the dark slit on the left side of this chip. When researchers focus lasers on the ions, the ions can be used to perform quantum calculations.
Despite her edgy Pop sensibility, influential friends like Ben Shahn and Buckminster Fuller, and posthumous shows in various museums, along with a 2009 exhibition at Zach Feuer Gallery, Sister Corita never became a presence in the mainstream art world. No doubt this is partly because of her vocation (she was a Sister of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which she joined in 1936 and left in 1968), and the fact that she was a printmaker, rather than a painter.
That’s a world in which just in the past few months since I visited FCS, the struggles for freedom have heated up on every side. Looks like they won’t leave you alone even now.
Before I left for China a few weeks ago, I said my next post would be on our Rth parallel R package. It’s not quite ready yet, so today I’ll post one of the topics I spoke on last night at the Berkeley R Language Beginners Study Group. Thanks to the group for inviting me, and thanks to Allan Miller for suggesting I address this topic.
The only hint of plausibility in the story is that "in" is in fact in in Italian, and so might be the kind of slip one could expect the Genoa-born Columbus to make. However, oddly enough, Columbus almost never wrote in Italian (and then, not more than a phrase or two), writing even to his family and Genoese friends in Spanish. Born poor, he appears to have been virtually illiterate when he left Genoa as a young man, not learning to read and write until he settled in Portugal. According to Samuel Eliot Morison’s Admiral of the Ocean Sea, "he wrote Castilian with Portuguese spellings, especially in the vowels, which prove he spoke Portuguese before he learned Castilian." And in Portuguese, "in" is em.
Standard antibiotic treatments can fight off staph at infection sites. But those cellular stowaways are left unscathed, leaving patients with lingering or recurring infections.
Dogs: They are allowed on the trails, but if you want to visit the animals, you should leave your dog at home.
There are many, many trails in and around Brattleboro that I haven’t explored yet. If you have, please leave a comment. I’d love some more recommendations. Also, the Brattleboro Area Trail System has a fabulous trail map and guide for anyone who wants to explore the area. As I visit more trails in Southeastern Vermont, I will update this page.
That leaves trade and tax. The United States is the market for three-quarters of Canada’s goods exports and the source of two-thirds of its imports, but commerce could flow more freely than it does. The “beyond the border” agenda is supposed to accomplish that but has hit a snag: a disagreement over what law will apply to United States officials stationed in Canada to pre-clear goods for import. A row over Canadian softwood lumber, which the United States says is subsidised, could get worse. Canada objects to a United States law that obliges its banks to hand over information about accounts held by expatriates (see article).
But I’ll leave the final word to Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who in his final briefing in June 2011, said:
As a physicist, the key to understanding the relationship between GHE and the hydrological cycle – and indeed the troposphere – is in embedded in the question of what happens with the energy flow between the two levels where the planet receives its energy and where it leaves the planet. For more numbers and details, I’d recommend a number of posts previously published here on RC (here, here, here, here, and here).
He returned, left for the market, bought what his family called “sulphas”, available as tablets, came home and took some.
BONES. That is all the passing millennia have left us of the Neanderthals and the more elusive Denisovans. Until recently, the main insights gleaned from these bones have been physical: what our cousins might have looked like, for instance, and how they moved. But cutting-edge genetic science is changing that. We can now see, for the first time, which genes are switched on in humans but were not in Neanderthals and Denisovans, and vice versa. The findings point to subtle differences between our brain structure and function, and theirs. The research, presented last week at the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution meeting in Chicago, reveals that after our ancestors split from Neanderthals and Denisovans, they evolved differences in genes connected with cognitive abilities. Many of those genes are associated with mental disorders in modern humans. Working out which genes are switched on or not involves looking at the epigenome, or the chemical “methyl” tags attached to genes. Genomes, in contrast, show only the basic sequence of genes. Liran Carmel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, and colleagues analysed the epigenomes of Neanderthals and Denisovans and compared them with those of modern humans (s ee “What’s good about decay”, top right). Altered methylation patterns are frequently associated with disease, particularly cancer and mental disorders. So Carmel’s approach has the potential to give us unprecedented insight into the
"There was a mass exodus of people who found themselves on the wrong side of the dividing lines," Inskeep says. "Hindus left Karachi by the hundreds of thousands, and even more Muslims came. You would think that would make it more stable. It actually became less stable over time."
“I was at work, and I just started crying,” Ms. Kermer, 25, said as she and her fiancée left a spontaneous gathering at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin. “I was watching the decision on live-stream, and I cried — a lot. This has all happened just so fast.”
The Portsmouth class is fairly lightly armored, but possesses heavy defensive screens. They are also somewhat ungainly for their level of armoring, being able to out accelerate a heavy cruiser but being outclassed by light cruisers and most battlecruisers. Despite this, it is quite heavily armed. It has a considerable point defense arsenal for a ship of it's size. Portsmouth class Cruisers have eight battleship level energy cannons and has sugnifigant capacator space. This means that it can fire off several fairly powerful broadsides in quick sucession before going down to a much slower recylce rate. It also can fire off six long range torpedos at once, but they have limited magazine space. The Lance itself is a weapon which must be used carfully, it takse a considerable amount of time to fully power and once fired, it leaves the ship with minimal acceleration, no screens and no power for it's heavy turrets for several minutes. As such, it is only to be used in scenarios where the Cruiser has considerable support or the destuction of the enemy warship is assured. It also carries a complement of 8 Fighters. This power does come at a price, however, as the Portsmouth class Lance Cruiser is among the most expensive ships in her class to produce.
There is no question the public has a legitimate interest in knowing who is corruptly spending scads of cash trying to influence voters and lawmakers. But the public should also be able to anonymously support advocacy organizations that engage on the issues of the day, even if they praise or criticize candidates or nominees for their positions on those issues. Absent anonymity, some donors—on both the left and the right—will simply not donate out of the legitimate fear they will be harassed or retaliated against for their advocacy.
"Parliament and the public need to know the basic terms the government is seeking to achieve from Brexit. This issue is too important to be left mired in uncertainty any longer."
Mr Duncan Smith said the policies of the last Labour government led to whole sections of society being left on the sidelines and communities marked by widespread unemployment.
The move effectively ends the career of the US-backed incumbent. The Sadrists' stance comes after a five-month political stalemate that threatens to leave Iraq leaderless, as the remaining 15,000 or so US forces leave the country ahead of a 31 August deadline.
The move is seen as a potential breakthrough in the destabilising deadlock that many believe has led to a steady increase in violence. The decision was confirmed today by the head of the Sadrist political bloc, Nassar al-Rubaie. He said he had told Maliki that he would have to leave his post in order for the Sadrists to maintain support for his party in an eventual coalition government.
However, the US military later refuted that figure, claiming only 222 people were killed last month, less than half the number compiled by Iraq. US officials have dreaded a scenario of Iraq remaining without a new government after their combat forces have left by the end of the month. The US have been equally sensitive to claims that violence is increasing and that services have barely improved throughout over the past seven years.
Actress Angelina Jolie leaves Lancaster House after attending the G8 Foreign Minsters' conference on April 11, 2013 in London, England. - Oli Scarff/Getty Images
Someone did, in fact, catch on to the scheme when a man dressed in a suit and tie tried to vote as a dead man known to the poll watcher. The man left before police arrived and said the poll watcher would “soon find out” why he tried to vote under a fake name, the Boston Herald reported Tuesday night.
"The standard issue spectacles are so ugly that some troops stuff them in their trunks as soon as they leave training," said NPR's Robert Siegel. So the military has finally decided to upgrade to something a bit hipper, more rectangular black frames called the 5A.
In JC-1 staining, a slight shift of MCF7 cells from the upper left region toward the lower right region was observed ( Fig. 8A ). The cell shifting showed an increase in the proportion of MCF7 cells experiencing mitochondrial depolarization and undergoing cell death.
Flow cytometry analysis was used for further studies on nagaimo lectin-induced anti-proliferative effects on MCF7 cells. After Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide (PI) staining, the MCF7 cells at the lower left quadrant of the profile shifted toward the lower right quadrant as nagaimo lectin concentration increased ( Fig. 7A ). The shifting indicated phosphatidylserine (PS) externalization in the MCF7 cells which were undergoing the early stage of apoptosis. The proportion of cells located at the upper right quadrant had also increased slightly at increasing nagaimo lectin concentrations, justifying that more MCF7 cells entered the late stage of apoptosis.
Reading the report (The Arrest and Detention of Children Subject to Immigration Control [2.4MB PDF] ) from England's Children's Commissioner, Sir Al Aynsley-Green, into the treatment of children and young people at the Yarl's Wood Immigration Removal Centre near Bedford will leave many feeling ashamed.
Children were forced to leave behind their most treasured possessions such as shoes, school books, toys and music. Many would never be reunited with their belongings.
The UK Border Agency, which is responsible for the system, "accepts the need to do more work around the topic of belongings that are left behind" and is reviewing the use of force and guidance on medication.
Unsurprisingly, children locked up in Yarl's Wood described it as being "like a prison". Their emotional state was often fragile, their having been ripped from the life they had known with no idea what had happened to their belongings or the pets they have been forced to leave behind and without the chance to say goodbye to their friends.
She got a call about 1 p.m. from the apartment office that the arrested teen's mother had left a gift for Lucas. It was a new, black folding table, matching folding chairs, a glass beverage dispenser and a juicer so the kids no longer had to squeeze lemons by hand. There was a card from Small's mother containing $20 and an apology. There was also a handwritten letter from the son, known as "Casper" to the kids in the neighborhood, saying he hopes to "dearly apologize" for his actions.
Morimoto: We often get requests from fans who never got to play the Master System Phantasy Star and want us to port it to the Megadrive. But the truth is, if you do a thorough search you can find toy stores where they’ve still got copies of the original game for sale. I’ve seen people write on message boards stuff like “I found a copy at XXX-store,” but when I went the next day myself to check, it was sold out. So it seems there’s still some left in some small, out-of-the-way places, but if you find one you had better snatch it up, or they’ll all soon be gone. However, as part of the promotional campaign for Phantasy Star IV, we’re giving out copies of the original Phantasy Star as a present. Make sure you enter!
Although most have been demolished, there are still several historic buildings left along Peachtree in Buckhead. Several of these are stores, in single-story brick buildings constructed well before the annexation of Buckhead in 1952.
• Illustrated the Tories’ plans to occupy what he called the “common ground” of British politics, as Labour moves to the left under Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership, by announcing that GPs’ contracts were to be rewritten to ensure the NHS becomes a true seven-day service.
Her name is María Paula Mejía. She is a college student. Since receiving three doses of Gardasil her health has deteriorated considerably. She now suffers from constant pain throughout her body, muscle weakness, and bleeding from the nose and gums. She has so much pain in her left knee and ankle that she must walk with a cane, and cannot continue her college education. Paula is one of the first in Colombia to report a serious new medical conditions occurring after the use of Gardasil.
The World Health Organization, whose reports are practically the Bible of the Gardasil vaccination policy in Colombia, has been suggested to be complicit with the pharmaceutical industry in general and the Gardasil manufacturer in particular in urging promotion of HPV vaccination campaigns. Relying on the pharmaceutical industry to self-regulate has historically been a losing proposition for the public when companies are left to weigh profits against transparency.
The symptoms she was already experiencing were followed by more severe ones, which included progressively spreading joint and bone pain, worsened neck pain, scalp pain, continuing severe hip, back, and knee pain. She began to suffer loss of strength in the left leg, wrist pain, dizziness, neuralgia throughout the body, painful spinal “zaps” as well as continuation of the “zaps” in her hips and limbs. She began to suffer difficulty breathing at certain times of day, chest pain, bleeding in the nose and gums, deviation of the left knee and left ankle, and new complications from older problems.
These days, Bobbitt lives a 20-minute drive from the two-story brick courthouse in downtown Manassas, Virginia, where she stood trial all those years ago. She never left the county, let alone the country. Why would she?
To ensure that the foreign fighters who leave Iraq and Syria do not reconstitute elsewhere, it is critical they be denied safe haven, sanctuary, and the ability to train and network with other terrorists and insurgents in ungoverned territories. This must remain a priority, not only for the West, but for all nation-states affected by terrorism, including China and Russia.
That hasn’t left much for wage ­increases.
But Mr Salmond’s fee of £1,800 may have left Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson feeling shortchanged after she was paid £1,500, despite receiving praise for her performance in an episode of the show hosted by the actor Michael Sheen.
U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan met with Assad in Damascus to try to salvage what was left of a peace plan, which since being brokered six weeks ago has failed to stop any of the violence on the ground.
Cranking up the pressure on Assad, the Obama administration gave Syria's most senior envoy in Washington, the charge d'affaires at the Syrian Embassy, 72 hours to leave the United States. Britain, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Bulgaria also expelled Syrian diplomats.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
“There is a certain irony here in that the outgoing president, who was rhetorically committed to a vision of global nuclear elimination, leaves behind the most ambitious and expensive nuclear modernisation plan of several decades for his successor to execute,” she said.
“Surely you’re joking”, I thought, scrambling to once again work myself into proper Tarzanic stance. There couldn’t possibly be anything left inside of me. I genuinely began to worry that what would come out next might be some vital organ, brought to a freedom-seeking frenzy by all the commotion. But no, it was yet another perfectly formed tube of human excrement. I sat, mouth agape, as number two (round two) breached the water line and came to a graceful finish, leaving an improbable conical shape below me. As I flushed the toilet for the third time in what had astoundingly only been about 70 seconds I wondered if life would ever be the same again.
Former Labor leader Mark Latham said Ms Ferguson's refusal to ask Clinton about her husband is evidence of left wing bias at the broadcaster.
'This interview with the far left journalist Sarah Ferguson tells you everything you need to know about the fake news media and the massive decline in journalistic ethics,' said Mr Latham.
Americans who believe in limited government, welfare reform, and states’ rights should look over their shoulder and realize that a dangerous ideology is gaining ground. A crowd that you thought history had left behind is growing. It prefers an America that would look drastically different from what it has been from its founding through the present day.
And…This is, of course, going to be a two-parter. I have to cover war propaganda and wartime medicine, Al Capone, more social injustice…and I have to go in deeper and rant and rave about the human experimentation, especially at Tuskegee. But that day is not today, my loves. For now, I don’t have enough oomph left (stupid immune system) for the ragey typing, and I have just typed syphilis and syph enough for one day don’cha think?
我愛壹玖捌柒：Those who decided to leave have already gone and no one cares what films are put on air. Why not show the three-hour long movie: Tiananmen?
Once that layer dried I added more plaster to the ground to remove some of the flatness. I used the kits to leave inpressions in the plaster to make my life easier later on.
One evaluator told King that he thinks there are 90 immediate impact players on defense in the draft, versus just 40 impact offensive players. It's easy to agree with this evaluation, and it points towards the Patriots likely having to use an earlier draft pick on the offensive side of the ball if they want to leave with one of the top players.
“Not only does Andrew leave Hawthorn in a strong position commercially but he has also overseen a historic period in the club’s history, achieving four consecutive grand final appearances including three premierships as president.”
“I started at Hawthorn as a board member when my second daughter was starting school. This year, 2016, marks her final year. It has been a rewarding 13 years for myself and my family but my motto has always been to leave two days earlier rather than a day late and now is the time,” Newbold said.
“Throughout my tenure the club has been transformed into a powerful organisation, both on and off the field, and I always wanted to be able to step down when I was still enjoying the role. More importantly I wanted to leave at a time when my successor had a great opportunity to create their own vision.
I have a friend named Whitney (name changed) who was once a cube-dweller. And I do not mean she lived in a modern ergonomic-style home. On the contrary, her house was beautiful and vibrant. But each day she left the comfort of her home and drove to her miserable, gray cubicle at work. Cube-land was her reality, and many of you have been there too.
Annona cherimola) on sale in Cali, Colombia. In left background: domestically produced mangosteen (Garcinia mangostana) Cherimoya () on sale in Cali, Colombia. In left background: domestically produced mangosteen (
The film, which has been banned from festivals in Venice and Rome, focuses heavily on the well-documented abuse at St. John’s School for the Deaf in St. Francis, Wis., where Father Lawrence Murphy systematically molested young boys beginning nearly 50 years ago. Gibney uses both voiceover and subtitles for the victims’ stories, but he leaves the audio high to better articulate the sound of the men’s hands as they fervently sign their tales. One doesn’t need to read sign language to comprehend the pain and disgrace these men suffered.
It's possible to keep track of every file changed in a container since its creation from an image, thus it's possible to know what files the attacker/malware have created, modified or deleted. Here's an example: let's create a container from an Ubuntu image and leave it running using sleep
The Islamic State published a book in January 2007 titled ‘Informing the People About the Birth of the State of Islam.’ They sought to preempt the debate about timing and method. Their polemical coup de grâce was to cite the state-building venture of Muhammad at Medina. Muhammed did not wait around for the conditions to turn optimal in Mecca. His calling compelled him to strike out boldly, against incredible odds. He left his native city and found refuge among the Medinan ‘youths’ who had pledged themselves to his prophecy. His was a precarious venture, at once tenuous, and due for a number of setbacks. Muhammad did not reign supreme as he began to wield authority and manage the day-to-day affairs of his flock. He had to contend with a mixed city that boasted, for example, confident, armed and well-positioned Jewish tribes, that were not about to part with their faith for his. He had to wage war against his Meccan detractors, or consequently suffer their counter-attacks. Yet even in the bleakest of times, the jihadists remind us, Muhammad foresaw that what he was setting out to build in Medina would subjugate the mighty and nearby empires of Byzantium and Persia. These visions did not strike the true believers around him as loony, even during the darkest of times, so why would the detractors of the Islamic State in the twenty first century counsel against going too big, too soon? The territory they believed to be controlling in 2006 in Iraq was magnitudes larger than Muhammed’s tiny toehold. Conditions then did not deter him, they why should they do so nowadays? In fact, they argued, there were many similarities between what he faced and what was happening in Iraq. If only the jihadists would follow his example, and enact his steps by going back to the basics, then the jihad would recapture the path back towards redemption and righting what went wrong.
Consequently, Zarqawi could turn to Islamic history and find a poster boy for Shia treachery that would neatly fit the scenes of 2003. Actually, he would riff off a data point that Saddam had highlighted in his first letter following his ouster: For, prior to the last time Baghdad was dramatically sacked by a great power, the Mongols, in 1258, the day-to-day affairs of the once mighty Sunni Abbasid empire had been left in the hands of a Shia, the Grand Vizier Ibn al-Alqami. That was quite progressive of the Abbasids to put a minority candidate in charge, but that is not what Saddam and Zarqawi would like remembered from that episode. Their case was that Ibn al-Alqami conspired to weaken the defenses of the empire and to hand over Baghdad on a silver platter to the heathen enemy, much like the Shia of Iraq were doing nowadays, whom Zarqawi termed “the grandchildren of Ibn al-Alqami.” It is a neat and succinct narrative that organically grows out of a pre-existing anti-Shia narrative. Zarqawi leveraged the drama of history to explain the present, and it enabled him to suggest a solution, a final solution. There can be no moving forwards towards resurrecting the Islamic State until the Shia are dealt with, once and for all. Cue: civil war.
By enveloping themselves in the cloak of history, the extremists from both sides can radiate an aura of certainty. This certitude will make it very difficult to convince them of the need for reconciliation, both with the past and with the present. It also means that it will be very difficult to convince them that they are losing, or have lost. By citing precedent and conspiracy, they can explain away setbacks. They can tell themselves that they got the recipe wrong somewhere, and all they need to do it to go back to the basics to try and try again until it gets going. The stench of past glories, the musky manuscripts that speak of ancestral feats, the decay of once-glorious cities, excite their senses. It is excessively hard to let go of the legacy of greatness. Its loss gnaws at them. It haunts them. They will keep trying. As far as the jihadists are concerned, they were left for dead in 2009. They were thought to be a spent force, its remnants living out a precarious existence in the deserts of Iraq. Then they came back. They made no excuses for the doctrinal overreach of declaring the Islamic State in 2006 that had turned so many other jihadist and Salafist groups against them. They felt they were right all along, and that their temporary setbacks mirrored ones that Muhammad had experienced himself. Not only did they make no excuses, but this time around they called a spade a spade: “Yes, world, this is the caliphate resurrected” they proclaimed. Their righteousness and certainty was foretold by precedence. History is their refuge, their sanctuary. They stand on firm ground. And if that terrain goes unchallenged, they will keep coming back. But it is not all doom and gloom: It just so happens that challenging them on the received facts of history is easier than what many may imagine.
In his book Islamic History: A Framework for Inquiry (1991), University of California, Santa Barbara professor R. Stephen Humphreys presents a case study in which he marshals the arguments made by various Orientalists over the course of a century regarding the Charter of Medina. Some took it to be authentic, making a rational case for why they would think so. Others argued that it could not have been a unitary document or agreement, suggesting that it was amalgamated into one from a variety of separate agreements. Still others dwelt on the wording, and some of the terms used, and they could not reconcile this document to what they would deem to be plausible wording and terminology during seventh century Central Arabia. After a century’s worth of study, what scholars are left with is intellectual angst: “We will never know for certain.” That is the expected lament of historians that have to deal with events that far back without any extant or contemporary evidence; they have to resign themselves to living with doubt. Now, consider the angst of the historian versus the certitude of the Islamic extremist when revisiting history. Surely that fog of doubt should have a place in the conversation when history is used so deliberately and, at times, horrifically to justify extremism.
Orientalism carries a stigma among left-leaning Western academies, where it is widely believed to have served Western imperialism. Orientalism is rejected by like-minded leftists in the Middle East for the same reasons. Columbia University’s Palestinian-American literary critic Edward Said, the late author of the supremely influential book Orientalism (1978)—which almost single handedly managed to turn its title word into an academic pejorative—boasts the distinction of being the sole intellectual luminary from around the world to have two portraits, not one, hanging on the walls of the Writers’ Café in old Basra, where crusty old Marxists gather for tea and conversation. Conservative and religiously-minded Muslims, on the other hand, believe that the field of Orientalism is part of a Western effort to undermine their faith. One can find 200 Arabic books on the internet available for full download that attack the Orientalists. Many are parked on websites amply funded by conservative Arab regimes. Yet even so, the scholarly methodology of applying critical analysis to the historical record is ‘agenda neutral’, and it is desperately needed in light of the extremist use of this record. Two hundred years’ worth of scholastic legacy is parked on bookshelves in Western libraries. Little of it is available online. Much less of it has been translated into the languages spoken in the Middle East. If the internet is supposed to be the great equalizer of content, then why is there such a disparity when it comes to a sober and systematic conversation about early Islam? Why is this the case at a time when many young Muslims are watching what extremism has wrought and asking themselves “is this really our religion”? The extremist affirmation that it is indeed “our history, refer to page X, paragraph Y in such and such book” goes unchallenged. Many of those young Muslims have not been trained to take on the task of revisiting the historical record themselves. There is no funding from the local powers-that-be for it. However, they need not start from scratch. Parts of the Orientalist methodology and its output can be made available for them, online and in their languages, and should. Whichever way the subsequent conversation goes is left to them. But a conversation needs to begin somewhere, and on solid scholastic ground. Should it be somewhat controversial may actually be helpful. That controversy could provide the drama that matches the theatrics of the extremists.
Anarcho-Communists to the left of the spectrum have an undying flame of spite and anger towards the corrupt and failed platform of cheating and lies in which the DNC wears atop their heads proudly like a crown of thorns.
<blockquote>”So I followed the money. My predecessor, Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, had not been the most active chair in fundraising at a time when President Barack Obama’s neglect had left the party in significant debt. As Hillary’s campaign gained momentum, she resolved the party’s debt and put it on a starvation diet. It had become dependent on her campaign for survival, for which she expected to wield control of its operations.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”That wasn’t true, he said. Officials from Hillary’s campaign had taken a look at the DNC’s books. Obama left the party $24 million in debt—$15 million in bank debt and more than $8 million owed to vendors after the 2012 campaign—and had been paying that off very slowly. Obama’s campaign was not scheduled to pay it off until 2016. Hillary for America (the campaign) and the Hillary Victory Fund (its joint fundraising vehicle with the DNC) had taken care of 80 percent of the remaining debt in 2016, about $10 million, and had placed the party on an allowance.”</blockquote>
Those people wanted Bernie Sanders or even someone further left to shift America into a Socialist nightmare that in their minds would somehow be a wet dream of equality.
So what does the left wing of America have left?
As ESPN.com’s Buster Olney recently said (Insider link), issuing Cabrera a QO appears to be a “slam dunk” for Toronto. Though his season ended a bit prematurely due to a fractured pinkie finger suffered this month, Cabrera certainly put up some impressive numbers in his walk season. The 30-year-old hit .301/.351/.458 with 16 homers with slightly below-average glovework in left field. In total, Fangraphs pegs him at 2.7 wins above replacement, while Baseball-Reference valued him at 3.1.
Les Halles is classified as a quick-serve restaurant (available on Disney Dining Plan as quick service/snack credit). Guests line up in a central queue then go either left or right at the counter -- the same items are available and displayed in a mirror configuration in either direction. Once you pay for your purchase, you may carry it to one of the indoor tables, either with chairs or standing at one of the counter-height tables, or if you’re lucky snag one of the few outdoor tables in the courtyard. The indoor dining area is in the space next to the gift shop that guests go through when exiting the pavilion’s movie attraction (how convenient!).
This doesn't fall directly in line with Miami Heat fans snarkily "thanking" Detroit Pistons backers for giving them the chance to draft Dwyane Wade, or your grandfather "thanking" his brother-in-law from Chicago because his Cubs sent Lou Brock down to St. Louis. This was an entire team that left town, and four years removed, the former Seattle SuperSonics have gone from amongst the worst in the West to a championship contender. This hurts an entire community on a far greater level than your typical, "sporting" taunt.
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
Officer Daniel Atwater, who had been firing the rifle, suffered burns and trauma to his left hand, The three-year veteran could be out for some time while he recuperates, Manley said.
Rowling described the plot of The Silkworm as "probably the most complex plot I've ever written", saying she had the idea for it ahead of the idea for The Cuckoo's Calling, but had decided to keep it for the second novel in order to introduce her series character in the context of a less dense plot. The third novel, which she is a third of the way through, will be "quite different" - "You find out quite a bit more about what happens to people after they leave the military," she said, adding that she had had "a lot of information" on the subject from people who prefer to remain anonymous.
Fullerenes are sparingly soluble in aromatic solvents such as toluene and carbon disulfide, but insoluble in water. Solutions of pure C 60 have a deep purple color which leaves a brown residue upon evaporation. The reason for this color change is the relatively narrow energy width of the band of molecular levels responsible for green light absorption by individual C 60 molecules. Thus individual molecules transmit some blue and red light resulting in a purple color. Upon drying, intermolecular interaction results in the overlap and broadening of the energy bands, thereby eliminating the blue light transmittance and causing the purple to brown color change.[33]
Shortly after, the victim asked guests to leave his party.
The problems, the ethics chief wrote, have been the hearing schedule combined with a lack of timely information from nominees and the Trump team. “It has left some of the nominees with potentially unknown or unresolved ethics issues shortly before their scheduled hearings.” He did not indicate which nominees have completed which portions of the process.
About half of Americans (53%) say that Congress should either expand the health care law (33%) or leave it as it is (20%); 38% favor its repeal. However, substantially more disapprove (56%) than approve (41%) of a key provision in the law that requires individuals to have health insurance by 2014 or pay a penalty. This provision is at the heart of a constitutional challenge to the law, which will be heard before the U.S. Supreme Court in late March.
Did I leave off your favorite Asian Pacific American comics character? I bet I did. And that’s kind of cool isn’t it? It means there are now enough APA characters in comics that they won’t all fit onto a single top ten list. When I started reading comics in the 80s, I would’ve struggled to come up with a list half as long
"The small businesses are just left there to deal with things they don't know how to do," she said.
Gordon lines up with Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel, who has said that, “We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters.” Despite all the hype coming out of Silicon Valley, Gordon believes we are in a period of modest progress. Whereas many observers worry that because of technology there will no longer be work for an increasing share of able-bodied adults, he thinks there will be work for all, but very little increase in productivity. Disturbingly, his reading of history and his assessment of a variety of factors in the current environment that he calls “headwinds” lead him to the judgement that, “headwinds are sufficiently strong to leave virtually no room for growth over the next 25 years in median disposable real income per person.”
The fatwa, and the decade lived under police protection at a series of secret locations, inevitably left their mark on Rushdie and his fiction. Seldom has a writer's creative energy had to withstand such a withering shock. Aside from the pressure of living under a death sentence, Rushdie also had to contend with being cut off from the subcontinent, the teeming reality that gave such vivid purpose to his imagination.
The Conservatives promised to protect spending per pupil at the general election. This leaves a slim amount of spending available for cuts, including post-16 learning, early years and universal free school meals for infants. David Cameron has already indicated he wants the meals to remain because it was a Conservative manifesto pledge.
A military officer, for example, told the judge that the commander of the border post advised the village men “not to carry out the smuggling above ground, but underground.” The indictment reveals how the nature of smuggling changed from transporting the oil in plastic cans to laying pipes underground. A separate military officer also revealed that while the thermal cameras at the border leave no blind spot, the village men are advised to cross into Syria from an area where there are a lot of olive trees, and to turn their vehicles’ lights off. The village men learn about military movements in advance and use that critical information not to get caught. The Catch-22 is that the other side of the border is controlled by Jabhat al-Nusra militants, and the village smugglers share that critical information with the militants.
Ongonig: Mohammed was captured in 2003 and he has declared himself to be the mastermind behind the September 11 terrorist attacks that left nearly 3,000 dead- but now he has renounced violence as a means of conversion
Camping had predicted that the rapture would occur at 6 p.m. May 21, 2011. Believers would rise to heaven while the rest would be left to wander a godforsaken planet until Oct. 21, when Camping promised a fiery end to the world.
The high point for Republic came in the 67th minute when Max Alvarez went on a nice run down the left flank, crossed the ball looking for Pridham but after a deflection found Barrera, whose shot went just a hair wide. It was the home team's best chance of the night and was a glimpse of what we would all like to see more of in the coming months.
This is the last category in which it’s even close to a fight. Redmayne has been scooping up awards left and right for his portrayal of Stephen Hawking. Redmayne took home the heavily predictive BAFTA, Screen Actors Guild, and Golden Globe (drama) awards for best actor. And while Michael Keaton has done well among critics, Redmayne appears to have a substantial lead.
The teams started standard lanes. H0R0 ganked top just before 6 minutes but minjae and Elf followed up, ending in a 2/1 fight for NB. BANG and Wolf dove asd and pony, forcing them out of lane, allowing H0R0 and Wolf to take dragon while bottom lane was empty. Just before dragon respawned, both junglers ganked bottom, resulting in a 3/1 fight, bottom turret, and a second dragon for SKTS. Your members of NB grouped up mid, potentially to gank, but left when Easyhoon backed off, allowing Easyhoon to take mid turret for free.
Blazed recalled and SKTK started Baron while top lane pushed. Top turret fell to minions and SKTK left Baron, rotating into Blaze’s blue jungle and forcing them to take the long way around while they took the 2nd top turret. SKTK engaged as the turret fell. During a prolonged fight, SKTK took the top inhibitor and a 2/1 teamfight. Blaze pursued as SKTK backed off, preventing them from recalling and then rotating to Baron to take it while SKTK was too low to contest. Blaze them moved to dragon and secured that as well, obtaining a gold lead.
Despite his high energy level, and decent skating ability, Brook can sometimes find himself behind the eight ball in one-on-one situations. He is sometimes outmuscled in physical battles, and his recovery speed leaves a bit to be desired.
Robinson, who works as an analyst on the radio broadcasts of Panthers games, was arrested the night before Super Bowl XXXIII for soliciting prostitution in Miami. He talked to the Panthers about the incident before the team left Charlotte for San Francisco.
William B. Ogden was born in Walton, New York in 1805. He was orphaned young and took over his late father’s real estate business at just 14 years old. When he was sent in 1835 to oversee a purchase in the burgeoning town of Chicago and saw his investment tripled, Ogden’s real estate antennae twitched. He left the seat he had just won in the New York state legislature to put down stakes in Chicago.
The last edition of CartoonClack’s Batman Month is here. We left off with The Batman, which was not as popular as the DCAU Batman continuity but still lasted 4 seasons and over 50 episodes. The show did find it’s pacing in the later seasons when there was a definite lean towards lighthearted humor mixed with the action. I think it’s clear that DC’s animation department wanted to avoid copying Batman: The Animated Series because the Batman series that premiered in November of 2008 brought the goofy back to the Batman universe. Yes, we’ve come to Batman: The Brave and the Bold!
The myth of vampires, imbued with traits of rabies victims, was popularized long before we fully understood rabies. Even further back than the vampire is a tale that is part myth, part metaphor: in Homer’s epics, the Trojan hero and Achilles’ foe Hector has a strong fury akin to primal possession that made him terrifying and superhuman on the battlefield. The word used to describe his state is lyssa. As Wasik and Murphy describe it in Rabid: “Lyssa was rare, terrifying, violent, and animalistically destructive of self. It made creatures maim and kill those closest to them. It hollowed out reason and left nothing but frenzy.” In Attic Greek (the prestige dialect of Ancient Greek that was spoken in Attica) lyssa literally translates to rabies. World War Z has its own version of the lyssa crazed warriors: quislings. Quislings were once humans, reduced below a feral state into thinking and acting as zombies. It’s an involuntary coping mechanism on the part of some weak-willed percentage of the population. They were so ingrained with the idea they were zombies, they’d lay motionless while they were eaten alive.
Motorists were left stranded between junctions 34 and 35 following a smash between two lorries and a car, which saw several hundred gallons of diesel from one of the vehicles mix with the powder, causing it to set.
I sometimes think that the U.S. government is a giant machine designed to prevent senior decision-makers from every getting any useful information. For one thing, it’s a vast and sprawling bureaucracy, and the right hand is frequently oblivious to the machinations of the left hand. In a sense, there’s just no “there” there: The State Department doesn’t always share important information with the Defense Department, the Defense Department doesn’t always share important information with Department of Homeland Security, and the intelligence community generally doesn’t share important information with anyone.
Within agencies, it’s no different. Central Command doesn’t necessarily know what Special Operations Command knows, and Africa Command may not know what either knows. Military intelligence and surveillance assets are concentrated in the Central Command area or responsibility, leaving commanders elsewhere with less ability to monitor and understand what’s going on. Meanwhile, the CIA’s shift toward paramilitary operations has left it less able to gain vital human intelligence. Put all this together, and you get a situation in which U.S. officials can see millions of trees, but almost no one can spot any forests.
After the war, as many scientists began to leave Los Alamos, Dr. Rosen set about trying to retain as many as he could as well attract top-level replacements. It was partly with this in mind that he and Norris Bradbury, the laboratory’s director, came up with the idea of the accelerator. Dr. Rosen lobbied federal agencies and members of Congress alike for support.
As a member of the professional tax community, my interest in the goings on over at the Treasury Department is a bit more keen than that of most Americans. And as an American expatriate, I am impacted financially in ways which leave my stateside countrymen and -women largely unscathed (including, for most American resident citizens, the requirement to report foreign bank accounts under threat of severe penalty for noncompliance). Our financial privacy has been seriously eroded. There are severe restrictions on where and how we expats can invest our money. The laws are crippling enough to begin with, but the way they are administered by IRS and the Treasury Department is driving many Americans to renounce their citizenship .
In the Drayton case, a Kings County (Brooklyn), New York foreclosure action, Justice Arthur Schack dismissed the case, but gave OneWest Bank leave to renew, provided that, within 60 days,
Finally, for blemish-prone or oily skin types, WODA Skin Care offers an all-natural solution, guaranteed not to leave your skin irritated or red. The Clear Skin Anti-Blemish Mask provides a luxurious formula that contains lactic acid, vitamin C, and organic jojoba oil, helping to clear the skin without causing dryness.
Calibri made on-screen reading more enjoyable and continued so in all versions of Microsoft Office since 2007 until 2016. It may just now leave Pakistan sans Sharif.
The change of government also left at risk vast amounts of military materiel and armaments provided by Britain to the Kerensky government. There was concern that these supplies would be captured by the Germans or (worse) the Bolsheviks. This was unacceptable, both from a military and economic standpoint.
[...] [the Allies'] help took the form of positive wilful obstruction. The Japanese, by bolstering up Semianoff and Kalmakoff, and the Americans, by protecting and organising enemies, made it practically impossible for the Omsk Government to maintain its authority or existence. The most that could be expected was that both would see the danger of their policy in time to avert disaster. One did; the other left when the evils created had got beyond control. Koltchak has not been destroyed so much by the acts of his enemies as by the stupidity and neglect of his Allied friends. (Ward, 1920)
The 6.9 magnitude earthquake left 309 people dead and injured more than 1,500 others.
“They asked me to get out of the car. I said 'I don't feel comfortable.' They commenced to open up the car door and they tried to drag me out of the door by my left arm," he said.
Dutifully he obeyed and left his kill to trot over to her, his paws leaving red marks in the sand. He stood by her side and began to rub his face against her thigh, nudging her paw in an attempt to coax her into scratching him. She obliged and scratched lightly behind his ear as she turned to Bellwether.
Even a sudden downpour as we left and made our way to the nearest bus stop couldn’t dampen my spirits. I had enjoyed exploring the abandoned Papierfabrik Wolfswinkel so much that wet jeans clinging to my thighs on the journey home was a small price to pay.
After reading all the questions, I realized that there are some questions that have been left out!
This letter to cancer victim Julie Boonstra tells you everything you need to know about the "tolerant" left ! #tcot pic.twitter.com/UbMbA0TlgF — Slade O'Brien (@SladeOBrien) April 1, 2014
Jones has played strong female characters before, but Amelia left quite the impression. “What struck me initially about the character, aside from her tenacious commitment and cunning approach to furthering the cause, was that she has the ability to find the balance of living her truth while using societal expectations to her advantage without compromising her moral code,” she noted.
At times, Jones said she worked through those moments of vulnerability that left her feeling uncomfortable because she knew it was necessary. “I wanted to represent Amelia and these women with honesty and responsibility. That’s been my biggest challenge, and it’s certainly a challenge I welcome and that I’ve been incredibly grateful for.”
This is why Michael Chessum’s article is so disappointing. Whereas the locus of purely political campaigning is constantly pulled towards Westminster, and a schedule of elections that is dis-empowering for activists, trade unionism is geographically dispersed and workplace injustice happens every day, giving activists an opportunity to make real change for the better. The biggest opportunity for building a powerful campaigning left is not to encourage Corbyn’s supporters to challenge the leadership of the unions, as Michael rather foolishly does, it is to encourage activists to join and recruit to the unions where they live and work, and to help us all together to build the strong industrial organization that can empower working people to improve their own lives.
2. Take the ax to expenses. The couple will save $500 a month on day care, but that still leaves them with $800 to cut. They might get rid of their older car and reduce costs across their budget to do it.
Rodríguez's annual interaction with Mourinho and Los Blancos strengthened his passion for the club and this year he took the decision to withdraw his life savings to fund a trip to Madrid, in a desperate attempt to attend El Clásico before Mourinho left the club.
One important exogenous element of the demand for non-agricultural goods and services, comes obviously from agricultural incomes. But these, we have seen, have been stagnant in per capita terms over the three Modi years, which means that this source of demand has not grown over this period. Since investment tends to respond to the change in the size of the market and hence to the size of output, it cannot be taken as an exogenous element at all. This leaves us with only two other elements which can be taken as exogenous; one of these is net exports and the other is government expenditure. (Boost to autonomous consumption through asset-price bubbles, which leave asset-holders feeling wealthy, and hence consuming more, play a relatively small role in the Indian economy).
“I would like that anyone who sees my work feels something – what they feel is not relevant to me, as long as they feel. I hope that the emerging feelings will cause the viewers to think about the ideas behind my work… The combination of ceramic cups with ceramic fingers represent an idea in which the still creates a will of its own, enabling a cup to decide whether to stay or leave the situation it is in,” [1] says the artist.
Gov. Chris Christie will leave office next year, and his final state budget has left a real mess for whoever succeeds him as New Jersey's chief executive.
Pursued by cops, Jenny stumbles into a Haight street coffee shop and is saved from The Man by one Stoney, played by Jack Nicholson in a role written for himself. Jenny finds herself drawn into the pot, bead and incense mindscape of Stoney and his band, Mumblin’ Jim (who I like to imagine had a single song that made it to number 27 on the charts: “One Big Plastic Hassle”). She’s been following the clues left behind by her brother, known only as “The Seeker” by the local heads and rednecks. The other band mates, played by AIP stalwart Adam Roarke and THE MACK star Max Julian, are joined by future director Henry Jaglom as a poster artist with the most outrageous mutton chops I’ve ever seen. Rush stages their cafe conversation in a loose, casual fashion, and there’s more verite here than almost all the exploitive hippie films of the decade. They seem like actual drop-out artists basking in coffee shop lassitude. And since the filmmakers were indeed on the fringe of the industry, their self-absorbed exuberance is palatable. I also love Roarke’s rejoinder to a friend’s too obvious pot smoking in the cafe: “Man, you are totally uncool.”
Finally, Strasberg has an epic trip, effectively portrayed as a living hell, culminating with her body falling, tumbling through golden flames in a striking image. That the film ends on a bummer note is typical of the era, with the promise of Dionysus reduced to the threat of Hades. Just like THE TRIP was altered by AIP to make it seem that Fonda’s experience destroyed him (by adding cracks to the final image!), here we leave our flower children tangled in thorny vines with a tiny hope of redemption for Jenny. Or as Stoney says to Dave, “The acid has curdled and made you sour.”
Picardal left Davao City in 2011 after he was reassigned to Manila but he lamented that until 2015, summary killings still occurred in the city.
“My background is in the Navy, and it is good to hang an admiral once in a while as an example to the others,” said Mr. Blair, who left the administration in 2010. “We were hoping to get somebody and make people realize that there are consequences to this and it needed to stop.”
This morning, Mr Abbott toured a childcare centre in Sydney, a day after confirming he had dumped his "signature" paid parental leave scheme in favour of a broader "families" package.
"He's had a horror summer I guess, [with the] change of position on co-payments on medical care, now the parental leave has been scrapped which I think is not a bad thing because it's not a good policy," he said.
That could run the risk of having only eight justices to hear the case, which could produce a tie and leave the lower-court ruling in place.
"We appreciate your support," HitchBOT's team told The Hacktory in an e-mail exchange shared with Ars Technica. "Unfortunately, according to the images we have received, we believe that HitchBOT is damaged beyond repair. As such, one would be left with no starting point from which to build a new bot. We have therefore arranged for the remaining parts [discovered by HitchBOT fans] to be shipped back to us."
As reported at the press conference announcing the figures, the loss would have “been much greater without the contributions of the 16,328 employees”, Die Welt wrote. “On the one hand, their numbers fell through job cuts and the removal of three premium department stores in Munich, Hamburg and Berlin by a good 900, on the other hand, Karstadt temporarily left the union agreed wage contract and saved on payments in this way. All together, personnel costs sank by almost 20 million.”
In this post you will discover, through my travel photography, some of the places that you should not miss on your journey through the Sierra of Gredos. There are many towns and places to explore, so I encourage you to leave a comment telling Mindful Travel’s Community your favorite place at the countryside or at the mountains. I would love to hear your choices!
Again, Raiola wasn't technically representing Nedved when he left Lazio for Juventus in 2001, but the agent brokered the €41m transfer. MAXWELL
"I think that when a player decides to leave a team, he should leave ... The old agents worked in the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first "
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
Last year, on March 24th, I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma (cancer). I had been working 40-50 hours a week at my local convenient store, trying to support my father and I at the time. I was only 19, and he didn't have much in the way of a job, so I couldn't afford time off or much of a break until I was forced to go to the ER earlier in March by a concerned coworker. The diagnosis came a few weeks later after a couple biopsies, but the signs were there -- I had lost 70 pounds over the prior months, was in a constant state of exhaustion, dizzy spells were frequent, and unrelenting pain in my chest put me on the edge 24/7. I went through a few surgeries, one being to have a port implanted so I could undergo chemotherapy for 6 months. I had to stop work immediately once I found out, and was left to the whims of my landlord, friends, and family who tried helping out however they could. (Just because you get sick, it unfortunately doesn't mean the bills stop coming..)
Going further down the line, once I had started chemotherapy, I was bedridden. I was unable to do little more than simply exist-- eating was impossible for the first week after having a round of chemo, as was drinking, and I often had to be taken to the ER or my treatment center to receive IV fluids because of the dehydration. As my strength left me, so did my ability to walk on my own for a long time. It was summer time before I was able to move around without needing assistance or a wheelchair. I was on numerous medications, I remember at least four being to combat nausea, as I was dry heaving every other minute or so for couple months-- I had my very own bucket I kept at my side, because I lacked the ability to use the restroom by myself.
After realizing it was just my fault (as normal) that the game was acting crazy, I grew to love Overwatch. When the open beta ended, I was saddened because I was too afraid to buy it knowing that I had to be careful with what money I had left. My memory is a bit iffy in the earlier months of chemotherapy, but I remember asking my dad if it was alright if I used $40 of our money to buy Overwatch. At the state I was in, chemotherapy had left me deathly ill, and my dad was more on the side of providing whatever made me happy rather than staying strict with finances and said that if that's what I wanted, then I should buy it. (It probably helped too that I didn't get anything for my birthday other than a card from my sister, so technically it can be viewed as my own belated birthday present to myself. June 4th btw!!)
They initially said they expected to sell 40,000 tickets by March 31. That number was later lowered to 20,000, but the “private island” bit was left in all the marketing materials. After tickets had been sold, the company abruptly changed the lodging options from a “rustic lodge” tent picture in renderings to the FEMA-style tents that were standing there when attendees showed up.
The villas advertised on the website never existed, one Fyre employee said — they listed them as a joke, not expecting anyone to buy them. Organizers ignored emails and left ticket-holders unsure of where they were flying in from or when until days before the festival.
And some even say websites that track online shoppers are more invasive, recording not only a user's name and purchases, but then targeting them with ads even after they've left a site.
Please like, share and/or leave feedback in comments below!
He reportedly told Dyer that he had been in Villisca that Sunday night and had heard of the murders. Afraid of being taken as a suspect, he had left and gone to Creston. Dyer was suspicious and turned him over to the sheriff on June 18, 1912.
Kelly was an English-born traveling minister in town on the night of the murders. Kelly was described as peculiar, reportedly having suffered a mental breakdown as an adolescent. As an adult, he was accused of peeping and several times asking young women and girls to pose nude for him. On June 8, 1912, he came to Villisca to teach at the Children's Day services, which the Moore family attended on June 9, 1912. He left town between 5:00 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. on June 10, 1912, hours before the bodies were discovered. Reverend Kelly had confessed to the murders in court, but the jury didn't believe his confession.
According to Wilkerson's investigation, all of the murders were committed in precisely the same manner, indicating that the same man probably committed them. Wilkerson stated that he could prove that Mansfield was present in each of the differing crime scenes on the night of the murders. In each murder, the victims were hacked to death with an axe and the mirrors in the homes were covered. A burning lamp with the chimney off was left at the foot of the bed and a basin in which the murderer washed was found in the kitchen. In each case, the murderer avoided leaving fingerprints by wearing gloves, which Wilkerson believed was strong evidence that the man was Mansfield, who knew his fingerprints were on file at the federal military prison at Leavenworth.
The 24-year-old is serving his sentence in the Seal Beach Police Department Detention Center and, under a work-release program, is being allowed to leave the facility for games and practices, according to court and jail officials and court documents. Caldwell-Pope is not allowed to leave the state, which will result in missed games in Houston and Minneapolis. He is expected to be at the Lakers game against the Warriors in Oakland on Friday.
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
Summer Zervos, center, leaves state Supreme Court in New York City with attorneys Gloria Allred, left, and Mariann Meier Wang. Mary Altaffer / AP
During the mid-week visit, Froman will have a chance to brief Vietnamese officials on the administration’s plans for winning approval of the pact before he leaves office in January and discuss concerns over how Hanoi would implement the pact.
FINALLY, A TRADE JOKE! Former U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab sounded a little glum during a call on Friday to discuss the challenges and opportunities for the United Kingdom arising from its decision to the leave the European Union, and mused briefly on the trade discourse in the U.S. presidential campaign. But she leavened the mood by telling an old story — though if you’re like our Doug Palmer, you might have to look it up to get the joke.
Isco’s contract expires in the summer of 2018, meaning he could leave Madrid for nothing in less than two years. If Isco’s situation has not improved by January, clubs are likely to attempt to persuade Madrid to release him. The most probable deal at that stage would be a loan, with an obligation to buy. It is more realistic, however, that Isco would move at the end of the season, when Spurs are expected to be one of his suitors.
Multiple news outlets have mentioned Baldwin in recent days as a possible successor to Mike Riley, who left OSU for Nebraska late last week after 14 years — 12 consecutive — in Corvallis. Since replacing Paul Wulff at EWU in 2008, Baldwin is 66-24. The 42-year-old has led the Eagles to four Big Sky Conference titles in five years, won the 2010 FCS national title and opened the 2013 season with a win over OSU at Reser Stadium.
In curbing global-warming emissions, economics will pick up where President Donald Trump left off. Trump might have just pulled the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord, an international pact to fight global warming. But market forces will continue to squeeze carbon dioxide out of the U.S. power mix as generators replace costly and aging coal-fired units with cheaper, cleaner-burning natural gas ones, according to William Nelson, an analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance. And for every megawatt-hour of electricity produced from gas rather than coal, the U.S. is keeping about 0.6 metric ton of emissions out of the air, he said.
There’s no one else left for her to blame. May I suggest another: aliens from the planet Zorg abducted her would-be voters in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania on election day, then prodded and probed them into voting for Trump.
The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed, 69-year-old lady is so desperate to keep her self-image alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition. Her longtime loyalists are so happy to bustle around her in the service of maintaining the illusion that, after she takes an hour away from it all to exercise, her communications director, Nick Merrill, breathlessly updates her on everything that’s happened in the political world in the last threescore ticks of the minute hand. Her profiler, Rebecca Traister of New York magazine, obviously a great admirer but one who declines to throw herself overboard from reality for the sake of giving Hillary more company bobbing about in the sea of fancy, writes that Clinton “listens to the barrage of updates, nodding like a person whose job requires her to be up-to-date on what’s happening, even though it does not.” Ouch. Hillary Rodham Clinton isn’t merely in a state of denial. She has become Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense. Politically speaking, she is dead, but she doesn’t know it. Her staffers are so many Haley Joel Osments -- too kind (and too attached to their salaries) to tell her that her career is over. She doesn’t need briefings. She doesn’t need to do interviews. She doesn’t need to write the book she is writing (after so many indigestible volumes, why bother with one more?). She doesn’t need to stake out a politically nuanced position on James Comey’s firing or scramble to get out in front of the Resistance parade. She lost two exceedingly winnable presidential campaigns in Hindenburgian fashion. There is no demand for her to run again and there is nothing left for her except to receive whatever ceremonial honors and sinecures may come her way. She has been handed her political retirement papers by the American people. She’s done.
P.S. I’ll leave these videos here for your own viewing pleasure 😉
Historical context for publication of Sydney Diet Heart Study and MCE findings With today’s recognition of publication bias and requirements for trial registration and timely publication on completion of registered trials, the omission of key results of these two trials from the literature might seem difficult to understand. In the case of the MCE, the crude study results were clearly at odds with prevailing beliefs. One can speculate that the investigators and sponsors would have wanted to distinguish between a failed theory and a failed trial before publication. While robustly designed and carefully executed, the MCE had several unique features that complicated analysis and could have biased results. The MCE investigators might have been concerned that heavy censoring or the complicated health and social histories of study participants could have impacted results. In addition, the methods of adjusting survival time analyses for covariates were just emerging, and statistical software packages were not widely available, even at the time the Broste thesis was written. Failure to measure cholesterol concentrations for participants who left the hospital before one year could have introduced bias and would have reduced power for some analyses, and the heavy censoring might have further contributed to the possibility of type II errors. There would have been little or no scientific or clinical trial literature at the time to support findings that were so contrary to prevailing beliefs and public policy. And, finally, it is possible that medical journal reviewers would not have accepted study results for the reasons cited above. Whatever the explanation for key MCE data not being published, there is growing recognition that incomplete publication of negative or inconclusive results can contribute to skewed research priorities and public health initiatives.73 74 75 Recovery of unpublished data can alter the balance of evidence and, in some instances, can lead to reversal of established policy or clinical practice positions.73Figure 10⇓ provides a historical context for the completion and publication of the MCE and Sydney Diet Heart Study results in relation to key US policy events over the past half century. It is interesting to speculate whether complete publication of randomized controlled trial results might have altered key policy decisions promoting replacement of saturated fat with linoleic acid rich oils (such as the 1977 McGovern report76 and National Cholesterol Education Program (1984-85)45) or contributed to a shift in research priorities. Fig 10 Diet-heart timeline: key research and policy events. SDHS=Sydney Diet heart Study; MCE=Minnesota Coronary Experiment; AHA=American Heart Association; LA=linoleic acid
Here’s where things got really interesting. After back-to-back Auburn touchdowns on consecutive possessions in 2OT and 3OT, Arkansas had its back against the wall again, trailing by eight points. After Allen hit Morgan on a short pass down to the 4-yard line the Hogs faced a 4th-and-2 from the 4. Offensive Coordinator Dan Enos continued his hot streak of dialing up just the right play at the right time. Counter flip to the left and Walker walks into the end zone. Touchdown. Not tied yet.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
Captain America: Civil War picks up where Avengers: Age of Ultron left off, as Steve Rogers leads the new team of Avengers in their continued efforts to safeguard humanity. After another international incident involving the Avengers results in collateral damage, political pressure mounts to install a system of accountability and a governing body to determine when to enlist the services of the team. The new status quo fractures the Avengers while they try to protect the world from a new and nefarious villain.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said he had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told him they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned. The House canceled proceedings for the day.
I’ve been pleased with my decision to stick with this yeast, as it has a performed well for me in a variety of different lager styles, but it’s true that alternatives exclude and I began to wonder if I might be missing out on something special by not playing around with other lager yeasts. One such strain I’d been hearing a lot of positive reviews about from brewers I know to make great lagers is WLP838 Southern German Lager yeast due to its tendency to leave a bit more malt character and a touch of sulfur in beer. White Labs‘ description of WLP838 is as follows:
I left the beers alone to ferment until both were absent of observable activity, which ended up taking the batch pitched with WLP838 a few days longer than the WLP833 batch.
Using the glycol system, I began slowly reducing the temperature of the beers about 3°F/1.5°C per hour until they were at 35°F/2°C where they were left to lager until FG was reached.
Did the WTF ending of the first Insidious leave you confused? Director James Wan is back to show what happens next. How on Earth can this family survive after what happened the first time around?
Prognosis: Slash has been doing a ton of interviews in which he says that he loves old-school 1970s horror films, where more was left to the imagination, and he hopes to recapture that with this film. So you never know, right?
In a signal that he was ready to spend time away from the Senate, he and his wife, Melody, have recently begun building what is considered a dream home outside Bozeman, Mont. Additionally, several of his closest advisers left their senior positions in recent months for private sector jobs in the lobbying industry.
At 12 years old Cyr left school to work in lumber camps in the winter months and on his family’s farm for the rest of the year.
Cyr later left the police force in order to run a local tavern come gymnasium, which would later become the site of many strongman challenges, through all of which Cyr would remain unbeaten.
An 18-year old victim sustained a minor injury to his left ear during the scuffle. He received medical attention from EMTs at the scene and he was released.
Golden Bridge – To leave an opponent an opportunity to withdraw in order to not force them to act out of desperation – Sun Tzu
Bremer and McFeely also talked about last Tuesday's game at Detroit, when commentator Bert Blyleven criticized Brian Dozier after a failed at-bat and questioned why Phil Hughes left the game after six innings even though he had thrown only 75 pitches. The "shoulder fatigue" response from Hughes hadn't yet been publicized, and Blyleven's curiosity mirrored what many Twins fans watching the game were thinking.
On Iran, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney suggested that the U.S. government should make it “very clear that the United States of America is willing, in the final analysis, if necessary, to take military action to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.” Little did Romney realize that the AP is the final arbiter of America’s tactical military capabilities and can say with certainty that a military attack on Iran’s nuclear program should not be attempted. “The U.S. certainly has military force readily at hand to destroy Iran’s known nuclear development sites in short order. This is highly unlikely, however, because of the strategic calculation that an attack would be counterproductive and ultimately ineffective, spawning retaliation against U.S. allies and forces in the region, and merely delaying eventual nuclear weapons development.” Also fortunate for the savvy news consumer, the AP apparently has a better grasp of what America’s intelligence agencies do and do not know than Newt Gingrich, a man who used to be third in line for the presidency and has received countless classified intelligence briefings. At the debate, Gingrich suggested that there was room for improvement at America’s intelligence agencies, and noted in particular that we don’t have a reliable intelligence operation in Pakistan. The AP sprang to the defense of the CIA: “The U.S. killing of a succession of al Qaeda figures in Pakistan, none more prized by America than Osama bin Laden, demonstrates that the United States indeed gets vital and reliable intelligence out of Pakistan. While it may have been true when Gingrich left government in 1999 that the CIA’s spy network was limited, since 2001 the agency has dramatically expanded its on-the-ground operations worldwide,” the AP “fact check” concluded. The fact that bin Laden, the most wanted man on the planet, was living in a compound in Pakistan possibly for years may seem like a sign that our intelligence sources in the country leave something to be desired—but guess again, Newt.
Brigham Young and Thomas L. Kane first met in July 1846 after Kane had traveled to the Mormon refugee camps in Iowa to visit the Mormons who had been forcibly expelled from Illinois that year. Intrigued by the Mormons’ sufferings, Kane had drawn upon his family’s extensive political connections to assist a Mormon representative in Washington, D.C., in persuading President James Polk to commission a regiment of Mormon soldiers for the Mexican-American War. He then traveled to the Mormon camps to help raise the regiment and soon met Young, the forceful leader of the Mormon emigration. Kane soon became deeply impressed by the Mormons’ sincerity and concerned about their long-term prospects for peaceful coexistence within the United States. Encouraged by Young, who saw him as a potential ally, Kane began to envision a permanent relationship with himself as the Mormons’ self-appointed defender to the nation. Their correspondence began in August 1846, shortly before Kane left the Mormons’ camp to return to his native Philadelphia.
He was defining ‘British values’ as deference to Britain’s ruling-class institutions. To them, if you don’t show that deference to the institutions that rule you, not only are you not British, you in fact hate Britain itself, enough to leave “an evil legacy.” Which is ultra-conservative ‘cult of the pharoah’ stuff, but at least gives us an answer for what these values we’re so often preached to about actually consist of; we now have at least one view on what they are that we can categorically reject. And not only is this the only explanation of substance that I have ever heard, it does make sense as a definition. Those institutions which put the ‘Great’ into ‘Great Britain’, long may they rule over us, may represent the exact opposite of the values of a lefty like me, but they were the real decision-making architects of the Empire. Whether we want to be or not, being ruled over by them is definitively what every British person has in common.
So in this case, it’s easy: I denounce British values. They do not apply to me whatsoever. They don’t apply to anyone I know, quite possibly to anyone I’ve ever met. I want the institutions which define them to be constitutionally separated from the state that I take part in electing at the ballot box, and the people of the country that I live in to be sovereign. I have a fantastic opportunity to help that happen soon by voting Yes. But say the Daily Mail definition isn’t correct, and like Alistair Campbell claims, these are the wrong British values, then still all that we’re left with are those platitudes of the careerist politicians frightened for their Westminster salaries and second homes. We have a choice between a highly authoritarian cult of the elite and screeds of nicey-nicey nothingness. And I denounce those British values too. I denounce the British values of ‘common decency’ and ‘fair play’ when they are used in this context to say absolutely nothing and serve only to get in the way of what is actually at stake in the world. I certainly don’t hate Britain, but it makes some kind of sense to me if this means that I don’t have a British identity – and so be it.
I’ve experienced this planet’s wrath first hand ... well, wrath is too strong a word, and so is firsthand for that matter. I’ve experienced this planet’s harassment, from a slice of pizza getting soaked by a sudden rainstorm to a sunburn that left me unable to put on my shirt when I was a child. Living with this planet is like living with an alcoholic. It makes me wonder if the climate change is man-made or another mood swing by this ball of gas.
All 27 EU foreign ministers agreed to leave recognition up to each member state.
▼Now this is how it’s done as a single-person selfie! Pshaw, who needs a relationship anyway. This guy’s “lover” is his own right hand. While his right hand acts the part of “girlfriend”, his left presses the button on his smartphone to take the picture.
Turnbull showed little emotion, but appeared to shake his head slightly as the jury left the courtroom.
"We're never going to be able to fill the void that's been left in our lives but we got the right result," she said outside the court.
“It seems that there’s a computer that makes most of the decisions for you — it changes a lot of the rules, it removes a lot of the skill,” said Ken Koury, a competitive Monopoly player and coach who informally settles rule disputes for others. “With this computer, I’m wondering what’s left for the player to decide — is it they just keep pushing buttons and wait for someone to win?”
Five months later, very little is left of the popular mandate which Syriza got on January 25 to put an end to austerity policies and the Memoranda signed by previous governments. One is justified in asking, even from the point of view of the supporters of the government’s negotiating tactics, whether it was worth waiting all this time, if in the end the demands of the troika have been met.
I shop at 3 different grocery stores – Costco (big box), Sprouts (local produce) and Vons (mostly for my kid’s food). They take center stage in 3 columns. I have some things I get on Amazon, at the Indian Market and the Dispensary, but not every week, that are off to the side. They’re organized on the list in the order that I walk through the store. Sometimes I miss something and have to go back but, having the list laid out in the order you walk the store, cuts down on the brain fog that can leave you walking back and forth across the store several times.
I write the menu plan for the week on the bottom of the list before I leave for shopping. That way, if I can’t find good grass-fed steak at the grocery, I can look at the menu and pick something else right there.
Look up the menu online ahead of time. Have a few choices. Ask for the ingredients, including spices. Ask if they can leave anything out or put things on the side. I have a local ‘farm to table’ called Tender Greens. They do a marinated steak salad with roasted veggies. They hold the croutons and even chop the meat for me if I ask (weak hands.) It’s great to have a few items around town so when friends want to meet, assuming you’re able to have something of a social life, you’ll at least be able to suggest a place where you know you can have a “safe” meal.
Twenty bankers from National Australia Bank have been sacked or have left the lender for breaching its policies when issuing 2300 home loans, including some that may be based on false information.
No one is saying you leave in Hit // Run against Ghazi-Glare... But it proved a fine spell in the main, and let's remember Terry had probably the best overall Swiss record of the largest Pro Tour in history! In fact, it is all the little things, like bravely playing two seemingly disparate spells next to one another to form a more powerful deck that can sometimes give you the edge you need to succeed in tournament trials. Anyone can win a blowout, and most people know how to take advantage of a manascrew, but it is the little things that often draw the line between early exit and tournament victory. This article is dedicated to discussing some of those small elements and explaining why they make sense in the current Standard format.
In the late summer that year we lived in a house in a village that looked across the river and the plain to the mountains. In the bed of the river there were pebbles and boulders, dry and white in the sun, and the water was clear and swiftly moving and blue in the channels. Troops went by the house and down the road and the dust they raised powdered the trees. The trunks of the trees too were dusty and the leaves fell early that year and we saw the troops marching along the road and the dust rising and leaves, stirred by the breeze, falling and the soldiers marching and afterward the road bare and white except for the leaves.
Hemingway left cottage country a few months later, but, rather than returning to Toronto, he took up residence in an apartment in Chicago while still writing weekly features for the Star. In a piece dated November 6, 1920, Hemingway draws a number of comparisons between wild and bustling Chicago, and pious, soporific Toronto.
Unfortunately, Hemingway regretted his decision to leave Paris in the summer of 1923 almost immediately. When his ship approached the St. Lawrence, he resisted the urge to disembark at Montreal, where he believed he would be able to experience some semblance of the French lifestyle he’d come to love. In a letter to Ezra Pound, written from his room at a Sherbourne Street hotel, he whinged, “It couldn’t be any worse. You can’t imagine it. I’m not going to describe it.[…] I have not had a drink in five days.” Of Torontonians he wrote, “We have come to the right place to have a baby because that is the specialite de ville. They don’t do anything else.”
The thing is, it sounds a lot like BDSM. However, my experience has taught me that I can’t trust that Christianists aren’t lying when they say stuff like “consensual”, and there is a question of whether a lifetime’s worth of being told that this is the natural order of things leaves a person in a position to meaningfully consent or not. However, giving the women involved in this the benefit of the doubt, I see nothing on their website about wives who want to exit this “consensual” arrangement, or merely drop that aspect of it without getting a divorce. I also see no mention of safe words and very little in the way of safety instructions to keep husbands from going too far (I suppose god will stop them?), which means it is very, very, very not BDSM. Essentially, as a Dom/sub relationship with a religious play component, this could be really hot. As a lifestyle with no escape routes, no safety instructions, and no apparent care for the lives of women who get into this other than value paternalistic nonsense, it sounds both dangerous and abusive, despite claims that it is not (because saying that something is not abusive/racist/homophobic/otherwise awful totes makes it true).
AMD is back in the desktop CPU game with its Ryzen family of processors, thanks to successes with per-core performance and energy efficiency brought about by its "Zen" micro-architecture. The company launched its Ryzen processor family with the top-end Ryzen 7 series, which consists of eight-core models that start at $329 and go all the way up to $499. These chips do manage to make you think twice before choosing an Intel Core i7-7700K quad-core chip, and makes the Core i7 "Broadwell-E" series look terrible, all the way up to the $1,199 i7-6900K. On the brink of Summer 2017, AMD launched the Ryzen 5 line of performance-segment processors to capture key price-points ranging between $170 and $250.The Ryzen 5 series from AMD competes with the entire spectrum of Intel's Core i5 quad-core "Kaby Lake" series, at prices ranging from $170 to $250. This puts Intel's high-volume Core i5-7600K and value-oriented i5-7400 in its crosshairs. Carved out of the same 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon as the eight-core Ryzen 7 series, the Ryzen 5 series consists of six-core and quad-core SKUs, which are further bolstered by SMT (simultaneous multi-threading) and unlocked base-clock multipliers across the board. SMT (and its Intel implementation, Hyper-Threading) is something quad-core Core i5 parts lack, and unlocked multipliers is reserved only for the i5-7600K quad-core and $189 i3-7350K dual core. What's more, the six-core Ryzen 5 parts feature a staggering 16 MB of L3 cache (compared to the paltry 6 MB of the price-comparable Core i5 quad-core parts), and the quad-core Ryzen 5 1400 a decent (on paper) 8 MB. Given AMD has made significant strides in improving per-core performance and the software ecosystem finally taking advantage of more than four logical CPUs, the Ryzen 5 series chips are extremely exciting on paper.The Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip we're reviewing today has an enviable premise - a quad-core chip with SMT enabling 8 threads, 8 MB of L3 cache, and slightly lower clock speeds than the 1500X, yet an unlocked multiplier, for just $170. If you've read our Ryzen 5 1500X review, you'll note that we found it to be a very compelling alternative to the Core i5-7400. At its price, the Ryzen 5 1400 targets the upper-end of Intel's Core i3 dual-core lineup, and maybe even disrupts its entry-level quad-core Core i5 lineup. Dual-core Intel chips still make for decent entry/mainstream gaming PC chips for those who want to game at 1080p with reasonably dialed up settings. AMD is changing the game here by offering up four cores, eight threads, and more than double the cache, besides the freedom to overclock.AMD made the Ryzen 5 1400 by disabling two cores per quad-core complex (CCX) on the 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon, resulting in four cores. In addition, AMD halved the L3 cache per CCX to 4 MB. This is unlike the 1500X, where it left the L3 cache untouched, giving you 16 MB. So you have 8 MB of shared L3 cache and 512 KB of L2 cache per core. The chip is clocked at 3.20 GHz, with 3.40 GHz of TurboCore frequency. It lacks XFR (extended frequency range) in the real sense. A vestige of the feature overclocks the chip up to 50 MHz beyond the rated boost frequency. It doesn't appear to have any real price-matched competitor from the Intel stable. You get the Core i5-7400 at $190, but that's already sorted out by the Ryzen 5 1500X at the same price. Intel recently slashed the price of the overclocker friendly Core i3-7350K dual-core chip to $150, but we haven't had a chance to test it yet.On popular demand, we decided to also run our entire selection of games at HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels). You will likely not game at this resolution, but it provides useful insights into the CPU's performance since games get extremely CPU limited at this resolution.
When police initially found Shaver, the woman was still in the hotel room with him. Officers ordered her out of the room and into the hallway. She was also asked to crawl towards officers and was apprehended. The man had left the room just before the cops arrived.
So who’s looking forward to noon on Friday when Barack Obama leaves office once and for all? (I could probably pause here for several hours while our various readers weigh in.) The President has his fans and supporters to be sure, as demonstrated in the most recent polling, but there are plenty of other citizens who won’t be sorry to see the end of these two terms. One notable group in the latter category seems to be the nation’s police, at least in the opinion of the leader of one of the profession’s larger advocacy groups. The executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations pulled no punches this week in saying that as far as the cops are concerned, nobody will be terribly sad to see this guy heading off into retirement. (Daily Wire, emphasis added)
Maine also refused to approve another Shelton product: Santa’s Butt Winter Porter, one of a series of irreverent yuletide beers from the Ridgeway Brewing in Oxfordshire, England. The label portrays Santa squatting on an immense barrel of beer, holding his nice-and-naughty list in his left hand and a foaming mug in his right. The name, notes Dan Shelton, is a pun: “butt” can mean one’s posterior or a barrel containing 108 gallons. “That was the one that caused the real stir,” Shelton says. Maine authorities objected because the image of Santa might appeal to children. “We said that made no sense. A 5- or 6-year-old is not going to be able to purchase a bottle of beer.”
Take a large Sifter full of Bran Hops to your Taste — Boil these 3 hours. Then strain out 30 Gall. into a Cooler put in 3 Gallons Molasses while the Beer is scalding hot or rather drain the molasses into the Cooler. Strain the Beer on it while boiling hot let this stand til it is little more than Blood warm. Then put in a quart of Yeast if the weather is very cold cover it over with a Blanket. Let it work in the Cooler 24 hours then put it into the Cask. leave the Bung open til it is almost done working — Bottle it that day Week it was Brewed.
Cats can be bizarre and may be that’s why subconsciously we love these creatures. Whether it’s chasing the invisible, defying gravity, or just getting poofed up for no reason at all, cats are endlessly entertaining. Of course, the best part is that they are unaware of how cute they can be when they’re doing these moves which leaves us speechless.
These few cats are stepping up their game with a variety of slick and stealthy moves that would put leave even IP Man wondering. Are they Plotting? Playing? Secretly conspiring something. We don’t know! May be they are just as confused as we are about all this. You should decide. Please comment on what you think these cats are upto?
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS/AP) — San Francisco will become the first place in the nation to require businesses to provide fully paid leave for new parents.
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted unanimously in favor of the measure after supporters said six weeks of fully paid leave is needed because too many families can’t afford to take time off after a child is born or adopted.
Small business owners countered that it’s the latest in a long list of city mandates— including paid sick leave and health coverage— that unfairly targets them.
Some private employers such as Netflix are generous with leave as a way to retain workers, and people who work for the city and county of San Francisco are entitled to 12 weeks of full pay.
Among the dozen or so attendees was Kim Turner, a nonprofit attorney who took advantage of the state parental leave program. She says full paid leave would have been better.
The devices also come with Samsung Pay, so you can leave your wallet at home if you're headed out for a quick jog. There's also a solid SOS safety feature that lets you send for help in case of an emergency, similar to what's already available on the Apple Watch.
Afterward, in the lobby outside the theater, Anderson chats with a few of the attendees, some of whom remember him well as the shifty and spindly Nets point guard who could make the ball dutifully obey the commands of his left hand, just a few miles east at a no-frills arena near the Lincoln Tunnel to Manhattan. Having heard him say on screen, “It’s difficult trying to figure out how to be selfless when you’ve been selfish your whole life,” they wish him well. Anderson walks away to greet a familiar reporter and to say that making the film, in his mind, is a start.
“I didn’t know about that,” says the teenage Kenny, Jr. after Anderson tells of the evictions into the cold of winter, the crowded quarters that left him exposed to his mother’s destructive coping habits that much later, he told The Vertical, included “spending a lot of my money.”
Fox News head honcho Roger Ailes claims that Sarah Palin’s life is in danger because Democrats and the left want her dead.
Let’s be clear. When Ailes referred to people in America who she pisses off and who want her dead, he was talking about the left and Democrats.
What never occurs to the conservative mind is that maybe people like Sarah Palin get bad press because they are uninformed, racist, vile excuses for human beings who are getting back exactly what they put out there. According to Roger Ailes, Sarah Palin has been persecuted by bad press. He leaves out the fact that Sister Sarah creates her own bad press every time she opens her mouth.
Sarah Palin has created a myth that the left wants her dead. The truth is that nobody cares enough about the half-term governor, failed VP candidate, and D list celebrity to want her dead. Ailes worked for Nixon, so no one understands how to appeal to the conservative mind’s need for victimization, threat, and persecution like he does, but what he was saying in this interview was total nonsense.
The above photo might look like something from Ripley's Believe It or Not — but believe it. Some populations of spinner dolphin that live in the eastern tropical Pacific have bizarre backwards dorsal fins, a phenomenon that has left scientists and marine biologists scratching their heads.
It's possible — but it turns out that the nautical efficiency of the dolphin's backwards fin is only half the mystery. The really peculiar thing about these dolphins is that only adult males exhibit the odd trait. Females and juveniles have normal-shaped fins. This leaves open an important question: Even if the backwards fin is proven to provide benefits for the dolphin, why would the trait only be seen in adult males?
We’re going to be developing the functionality of head2head archery from player feedback. You can leave your feedback by contacting the support team through the contact page.
Despite driving past the same empty ranch and plantation land surrounding both developments, 50 miles of separation left room for the piney woods of The Woodlands to become the Katy Prairie of Cross Creek Ranch.
The most devastating reproach historians are likely to make to Barack Obama’s record in the White House is his devastating failure in foreign policy — a failure that stems from his willingness to leave the warrior ideologues of the State and Defense Departments in place after he became president.
He left dealings with Europe, and with the U.S.’ most important and dangerous interlocutor, President Vladimir Putin of Russia, under the controlling influence of a neoconservative cabal in the State Department, committed to reckless policies of American and NATO expansion in Northern Europe.
This is a question for which it seems impossible to find an answer — or even a discussion — in the American media. Europe has no answer. Perhaps even Obama doesn’t know. Is it to be left to the historians?
One thing I’ve hated for a long time in Chrome is the downloads manager. There just isn’t an easy way to keep track of downloads once they’ve started. Sure, you get a downloads bar in the bottom of the screen. But if you hit the “Show all” button, it disappears. Then you’re left to search for the Downloads tab or dig down deep in the menus to find the downloads option.
People also left cups and other litter on top of the panel, disabling it, said Jerry Keeth, division manager for meter operations for ParkHouston.
“If this is your final decision, you will also need to know this will not be our final communication as this is not an instance where you can walk away from the mess you have helped create and leave many issues unaddressed.”
"Over the years you have been treated for medical conditions including gout, mild hypercholesterolemia, diverticulitis, hypothyroidism, laryngitis secondary to esophageal reflux, lumbar strain and complete removal of superficial skin tumors," Monahan wrote. "Your past surgical history consists of repair of your left and right side inguinal hernias by laparoscopic technique, and a right true vocal cord cyst excision."
Consensus says Andy Schleck should be left to himself. But his results over the years and past ease in the mountains means if he hadn’t had such a tumultuous 12 months he’d be a nailed-on podium pick given the mountain overload this year. Radioshack-Leopard also come with Andreas Klöden and Haimar Zubeldia who was sixth last year but would you know if he walked past you in the street?
2. Years before her role on Homeland, actress Nazanin Boniadi was set up as Cruise's girlfriend. The documentary details how, after Cruise’s marriage to Kidman was destroyed, the church went about to find the actor a girlfriend, alighting on a Scientologist field worker named Nazanin Boniadi. Boniadi was given a make-over – her teeth fixed, wardrobe from shops such as Burberry – for what she was told was her being elevated to work on a world stage with world figures. But it was all prep for her to meet and then date Cruise. But it didn't last. During a visit by Miscavige to one of Cruise’s mansions, the actor didn't think Boniadi paid enough respect to the leader and cut the relationship short. Boniadi then made the mistake to tell her heartache woes to colleague, who reported them to higher ups. Boniadi was punished by being forced to do menial tasks, including cleaning toilets with a toothbrush. All details are omitted from Boniadi’s IMDB profile. Boniadi left the church and became an actress. She landed on General Hospital, did a stint on How I Met Your Mother, and as the doc points out, was a key supporting player on Homeland.
5. The doc dramatizes how Hubbard falsely portrayed himself as a war hero to woo his second wife, Sara Hollister. But via narration of her writings, the doc shows that Hubbard abused Hollister, smacking her with the butt of a gun when he saw her sleeping with a smile on her face because he believed she was dreaming of someone else. With their marriage in trouble, Hubbard fled to Cuba with their baby daughter Alexis. He would call Hollister and announce that he had killed their daughter and chopped her into pieces, blaming Hollister for his actions. Hubbard would call later telling her the child was alive. Finally Hollister managed to flee the marriage, though Hubbard left her penniless.
An archer’s shot can be assessed in several ways. It can be accurate (successful in hitting the target). It can also be adroit (skillful or competent). An archery shot is adroit only if, as the arrow leaves the bow, it is oriented well and powerfully enough. But a shot that is both accurate and adroit can still fall short. Consider an adroitly shot arrow leaving the bow with an orientation and speed that would normally take it straight to the bull’s-eye. A gust of wind then diverts it, but a second gust puts it back on track. This shot is both accurate and adroit, but it fails to be apt. A shot’s aptness requires that its success be attained not just by luck (such as the luck of that second gust). The success must rather be a result of competence.
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
Frank Lampard is almost certainly out of Euro 2012 because of the thigh injury that has put Jordan Henderson on the brink of a late call-up and left England looking increasingly depleted with only 11 days to their opening game of the tournament, against France.
That would leave England operating from anything but a position of strength when it comes to back-up players for Hodgson's first-choice central-midfield pairing of Steven Gerrard and Scott Parker. Hodgson's options are so depleted that Phil Jones, used mostly as a defender at Manchester United, is next in line, followed by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and now Henderson.
Syria’s conflict has left hundreds of thousands dead, pushed millions more into exile, and had a profound effect on children who lost their homes or became caught up in the bloodletting.
They are in the streets with the protesters and the officers, breathing in the same tear gas. They are in the lines for food and other basic goods, watching the same citizens who arrive empty-handed before sun-up leave empty-handed as night falls. They attend the funerals, and hear the wails of the parents of the dead. TIME asked eight of them to select an image from their archives. Their tales, which have been lightly edited for clarity and brevity, offer a window into Venezuela’s reality.
“If I ever have to explain my country to other people, it is under those terms: people in a terrible situation always find these little places that make them forget about how terrible it all is. I so often find myself in the middle of a terrifying setting and the breeze blows, or the sun sets, and I am left in a purgatory: between heaven and hell, between beauty and terror.“
On Jan. 12, Metro faced yet another crisis. Smoke flooding a stopped train on the Yellow Line had left one passenger dead and dozens of others in the hospital. So the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Agency did what any other huge institution does went it has a disaster: They hired some spin doctors.
Carlos Bocanegra is still a liability at left back
Hello, fellow patrol mice, and welcome to our latest play report! If you recall, we last left our patrol after they had apprehended some seditionists, and escorted them to Lockhaven. While the players had enjoyed that session, I had noticed a few problems with how I was running the game. Namely, I wasn’t; challenging the characters’ beliefs, instincts, and goals; I wasn’t presenting tests which required things the characters weren’t good at; and I was failing to react with interesting twists when the characters failed a test.
Some say, however, that the decision should be left to the states, rather than set via a national standard.
Securing Dropbox has never been easier. Qi is engineered for simplicity and the concept is simple – when Qi is plugged in and you double click on a file in Dropbox, the digital content is opened. Without Qi plugged in, the file cannot be opened. When you close a file or unplug Qi your files are automatically re-encrypted. This ensures encryption takes place at all times, preventing the risk of files being left unencrypted by mistake. There is no document stored on Qi, all the files are encrypted in Dropbox.
According to Philadelphia-based WPIV News, the attacker shot Sgt. Young eight times, “mostly in the left arm”. The suspect then fled from police on foot, firing shots randomly into the Maximum Level Lounge on Samson Street. He allegedly used a woman as a human shield to protect himself from pursuing officers, shooting her in the leg in the process. After that, the attacker fired more shots into a nearby van, striking a man and a woman. That woman subsequently died of her wounds.
“I can’t tell you how profoundly competitive that environment is,” says Robinson, “but I contributed like mad. I think whenever I'm in a corner I always get noisy. Being the only grammar-school boy among that incredibly talented group of highly articulate performers, and having left school at 16, and not having been to university, there was a sense in which they always felt very different from me, really rather exotic, and yet in a way, not really kind of tuned in to the real world, because they all talked so elaborately. And I think that probably helped me with Baldrick.”
I began to have horrific migraines, excruciating nerve pain down my left arm, and bruises and rashes started to appear more and more often. Initially, I thought I was just tired and it was the allergies and the bruises. I simply attributed it to being anemic.
In the past, young Latinos lost their health insurance when they left home or graduated from college. Now, thanks to this law, young Latinos are able to stay on their parents' health care insurance until they are 26.
Q: Five preseason games are left to build cohesion with a starting lineup that's never played together. Is this is now a concern? -- Daniel.
Forget for now that the game the Knicks won that night, 68-66, bore little resemblance to the leaping, balletic version of today's NBA. That game was from a different era of low-scoring basketball, a time when hoops as a pro spectacle was just coming out of the dance halls. Players did not routinely double-pump or slam-dunk. The fact of the matter was that the players did not and could not jump very well. Nor was there a 24-second clock; teams had unlimited time to shoot. The jump shot was a radical notion, and those who took it defied the belief of many coaches that nothing but trouble occurred when a player left his feet for a shot.
While the Knicks were getting ready for the opener, college basketball was still king in New York, where teams like CCNY, LIU and NYU were revered. It was not until the Knicks scrimmaged the collegians and the successes got some newspaper notoriety that they started to gain some respect before they left New York on Oct. 31 for the train ride to Toronto.
CONSTABLE SHANE LINDSAY: You've been asked to leave a venue.
JANINE COHEN: How often do you get called to cases where people simply are drunk and won't leave the premises?
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Just about every one, just about everything that we come across on a Friday and Saturday night is called a 'fail to quit', which means that the person will not leave the licensed premises.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Drunk. They've been asked to leave because they're either quarrelsome, disorderly, just misbehaving in some regard.
JANINE COHEN: For 10 minutes Reg refuses to leave the entrance of the Rocks Police Station.
JANINE COHEN: It's 3am and a man is refusing to leave the Argyle Hotel at the Rocks.
JANINE COHEN: This man was also charged with assaulting police after he refused to leave a hotel.
JANINE COHEN: Sam Ford survived the alcohol-fuelled attack three years ago in Coolangatta but it has left him profoundly disabled.
After 38 days in a coma, doctors thought he would never leave his hospital bed.
MARGARET FORD: Sam has severe brain damage. He can't walk, he can't talk. He's deaf in his left ear. He has double vision. He can only see with one eye patched. He can't smell.
DRUNK WOMAN: I know I am at the hospital but can I leave like in the next hour or..?
This is destroying the social fabric of the Syrian people, the culture of Syria, and of course destroying the idea of a future. Most people are trying to leave the country, and so stabilization is not possible.
The Goddess of Cancer came forth from the fire and was not very happy. The things she had raised from the mud and exhorted to kill and compete had become all complacent in co-operation, a word which to her was anathema. She stretched out her left hand and snapped its cruel pincer, and said what she always says: “KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER”. She said these things not to the birds and the beasts but to each cell within them, and many cells flocked to her call and divided, and flower and fishes and birds both alike bulged with tumors, and falcons fell out of the sky in their sickness. But others remembered the words of the Goddess of Everything Else and held fast, and as it is said in the Bible the light clearly shone through the dark, and the darkness did not overcome it.
The Goddess of Cancer came forth from the fire and saw things had only grown worse in her absence. The lean, lovely winnowing born out of pure competition and natural selection had somehow been softened. She stretched out her left hand and snapped its cruel pincer, and said what she always says: “KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER”. She said these things not to the flocks or the tribes, but to each individual; many, on hearing took food from the communal pile, or stole from the weak, or accepted the presents of others but would not give back in their turn. Each wolf at the throats of the others in hopes to be alpha, each lion holding back during the hunt but partaking of meat that the others had killed. And the pride and the pack seemed to groan with the strain, but endured, for the works of the Goddess of Everything Else are not ever so easily vanquished.
From the flames of a factory furnace all foggy, the Goddess of Cancer flared forth in her fury. This was the final affront to her purpose, her slut of a sister had crossed the line this time. She gathered the leaders, the kings and the presidents, businessmen, bishops, boards, bureaucrats, bosses, and basically screamed at them – you know the spiel by now – “KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER” she told them. First with her left hand inspires the riots, the pogroms, the coup d’etats, tyrannies, civil wars. Up goes her right hand – the missiles start flying, and mushrooms of smoke grow, a terrible springtime. But out of the rubble the builders and scientists, even the artists, yea, even the artists, all dust themselves off and return to their labors, a little bit chastened but not close to beaten.
But the Goddess of Everything Else only laughed, and she asked them “But what do you think I’ve been doing? The Goddess of Cancer created you; once you were hers, but no longer. Throughout the long years I was picking away at her power. Through long generations of suffering I chiseled and chiseled. Now finally nothing is left of the nature with which she imbued you. She never again will hold sway over you or your loved ones. I am the Goddess of Everything Else and my powers are devious and subtle. I won you by pieces and hence you will all be my children. You are no longer driven to multiply conquer and kill by your nature. Go forth and do everything else, till the end of all ages.”
So the people left Earth, and they spread over stars without number. They followed the ways of the Goddess of Everything Else, and they lived in contentment. And she beckoned them onward, to things still more strange and enticing.
Festival director Ben Ray said: "Slam Dunk Festival South has been taking place in Hatfield since 2010 so the town has truly become our home. Therefore, I am extremely happy we managed to find a new site still within the town. We are sad to leave the University however the event was selling out months in advance so we knew we had to move it and make it bigger due to demand from the fans."
And there's a reason for that: Although he's had profound hearing loss his whole life ("Whatever hearing is still left right before you're completely deaf, that's severely profound hearing loss," he explains) and is now one of the most visible people in his profession, Maxey didn't learn sign language until he was 18.
“It's a great feeling to know we're including people who are often left out when it comes to live shows,” Chance writes. “Which is also why we're advocating for more artists to link up with DEAFinitely Dope and figure out how to bring music ASL interpreters into their spaces.”
Australian defamation law has been interpreted liberally and is governed by legislation passed by the states as well as common law principles.[45] Civil actions over defamation are common and form the main impetus for self-censorship, though a number of cases have established a constitutional defense when the publication of defamatory material involves political discussion.[46] Court costs and the stress associated with defending against suits under Australia’s expansive defamation laws have caused organizations to leave the country and blogs to shut down.[47]
To paraphrase Wallace, the latter day ZiP gun is like no cheese I’ve ever tasted. With the exception of some stainless bolt heads on the left side and just a glint of barrel inside the ejection port on the right, it’s got more black plastic than an obese rubber fetishist. And then there’s the design; most folks seeing it for the first time don’t even know where to begin. How to hold it? Where’s the trigger? What are all of those things on the front? Is that the front?
The longer of the two rods – the left one (although the user can swap them from side-to-side) – is the “ZiP LOAD” rod. You simply put your finger out there on the front of it—-right above the muzzle– and push it into the frame. That moves the bolt back behind the first round in the magazine and then feeds it into the chamber when you snap your finger off the rod.
The ZiP ships with two sets of recoil springs: stiff for high-test loads and light for target/bulk loads (factory-installed default). You can “tune” your action to your ammunition’s power level. Due to the low mass of the reciprocating parts, the bolt speed is extremely high and the spring rates are particularly important. The design leaves no room for bolt overtravel (which normally adds some delay to a semi-auto action).
Well deserving of five stars here, the ZiP can be customized with all sorts of upper rail attachments, threaded barrels, SBR stocks and other doo-dads on the way that I am not at liberty to mention (suffice it to say that only the right side of the frame’s “clamshell” is serialized, and ZiPFactory has future plans for things you can do by swapping out the left side).
"My sister, every time she leaves here she cries. She hates coming here and hates seeing us like this."
Generally from larger streams, or at least big holes. I want to leave plenty for the next angler.
Just eight seconds after his team had tied the game at one 5:38 into the third period, Quincey launched into a flying check that found his elbow connecting with former teammate Tomas Kopecky’s face. Quincey left his feet and the principle point of contact was Kopecky’s head. A suspension was inevitable.
According to Gordon-Webley, even in cases where established companies purchase the $500 pass from the NSWMA to take their garbage to the landfill, some drivers leave the truckloads of rubbish at the illegal dumps and sell the tickets.
Two ambulances remained stuck in the traffic for some time but were later allowed by agitators to proceed. Police used batons and teargas to disperse the protesters but they refused to leave till restoration of power supply.
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter.
Thursday 5 September "On the Ghost's exit in Act 1, Scene 5, Mr Day-Lewis left the stage and told me that he could not continue the performance. An announcement was made and the audience invited to take an extra interval. The announcement only specified technical problems. After 32 minutes the performance resumed with Mr Northam as Hamlet. Mr Bedford played Osric and Mr Nicholas a Switzer. Mr Northam coped brilliantly (not an exaggeration) and received an outstanding reception from the audience."
Monday 11 June "The stage left charcoal tree came in several inches before it flew out during the bathing change, consequently it was swinging about violently and caught on the ceiling. Needless to say the actors were very frightened… The large scene changes were extremely noisy – no doubt due to the fact that everyone [on the crew] wanted to return to the England match being shown on TV. Mr Quast was most distressed."
Wednesday 19 February 1992 "When Mr Byrne removed Mr Villiers' Chancellor's wig he also removed the wig Mr Villiers wears underneath. This left Mr Villers with the said wig in his hand. He walked behind the curtain stage right to get rid of it and at this moment Mr Hammond turned to address him and found him gone. This threw Mr Hammond who lost track of his words and on Mr Villiers reappearing needed a prompt which was given him by Mr Villiers."
Staffing in the division dropped more than 8 percent, from 900 in 2010 to 824 in 2013. Ninety-eight division employees left the IRS from Jan. 1, 2012 to May 17, 2014, according to a list of former employees obtained from the IRS through a FOIA request to the federal Office of Personnel Management.
Since the tea party dispute erupted, more than half a dozen key agency employees have left the agency. They include Miller, acting commissioner at the time, and Lois Lerner, director of the exempt organizations division.
“We spend all our time processing applications, doing some auditing, and nothing is left over,” said a current IRS exempt organizations employee familiar with this work.
Kawecki, who left seven years ago, said even then the Cincinnati office, which processes most of the applications, was overwhelmed trying to keep pace: “The last year when I was there, we took cases from them and did them in the national office [in D.C.] because they were just swamped.”
While LeBeau will leave the team, he stressed that he is not retiring. "I'm resigning this position, not retiring," LeBeau said. "I had a great run in Pittsburgh. I'm grateful for all the things that have happened to me and thankful for all the support I had in Pittsburgh."
Bambaataa's live-appearance is closely related to George Clinton's: alien-like outfit with spaceships in the background. Like Sun Ra, he often wore ancient Egyptian style clothing. He is also founder of the "Looking for the Perfect Beat" was a followup to Bambaataa's highly influential song "Planet Rock".Bambaataa's live-appearance is closely related to George Clinton's: alien-like outfit with spaceships in the background. Like Sun Ra, he often wore ancient Egyptian style clothing. He is also founder of the Universal Zulu Nation , a social and spiritual movement dedicated to fight against discrimination, powered by a belief in "the funk". The Zulu Nation has undergone changes over the past decade. From the late 1980s, at the height of the Afrocentric movement in hip hop, the movement seemed to be incorporating many doctrines from the Nation of Islam, the Nation of Gods and Earths, and the Nuwaubians. In the 2000s, however, its official Web site affirmed that the Zulu Nation has left the 15 Beliefs and instead adheres to Factology versus Beliefs, a religious philosophy and doctrine in Nuwaubianism.
Burial is an English dubstep producer. Spaceape MCs in a dread poet style. Dubstep evolved from the UK grime and 2-step garage. "Sensory language leaves us with no habit for lying, we are hostile aliens immune from dying".
Sana sought help from a Rite Aid pharmacist in October 2014 for diarrhea. The pharmacist asked where he was from and if he had a fever. Sana responded that he had not been sick in the 5 months he had been living in the United States, and then he left the Rite Aid.
The Rite Aid closed for about an hour after Sana left the store, Patch previously reported.
Toni left work at the Chrome Club shortly after 4 a.m. to meet up with a friend, Kansas City police tell PEOPLE. But she never made it.
Each affinity has its own long-term project for a win condition. Supremacy, the most militaristic win condition, requires eventually going back and conquering the Earth you left behind. Purity players will instead bring Earth's population to this new, terraformed planet. Harmony followers will merge with the planet and create a planet-wide consciousness.
Tech progress may still be a bit fast for some, and with no “end game” endless technologies, the player is left with an empty research queue once everything has been discovered. There are ways to slow the pace of tech during initial game setup, should you find this is the case for you. I’d have loved to see a mechanic whereby existing weapons could be miniaturized or improved, so as to keep even early stage weapons somewhat useful ala MoO II.
Colony building is limited, with only a few building choices to worry about. You will change your queue when you research a new technology to incorporate the new structure. Beyond that, you will generally leave it empty, build ships or stations, or since troops currently have an insignificant cost associated with them, you’ll be smart and just train troops during any planetary downtime. Even with planetary governors managing your colony, I feel that a large number of buildings could become somewhat tedious to manage, so the limited selection is acceptable in my opinion.
Offense and Defense are two important areas and StarDrive’s AI has gotten a bit better about handling them. For both offense and defense, the AI builds quite a few different fleets and assigns them different purposes. While their individual ship designs are not always the best, they tend to be rather effective at building workable fleets. For example, they tend to leave their troop transports in the rear and send their battleships in first to clear a path. Should they sense the tides have turned against them, they also aren’t afraid to cut their losses and retreat as quickly as possible. In addition to troop focused fleets, the AI will also equip many of its ships with bombs, and will assist the war effort by bombing your planets into oblivion if given the chance.
As an example, I was able to form an alliance after some time with several races and maintained them without issue. Even though I denied a request to declare war against their rival, and this did hurt our relations, they still remained my ally and did not act irrationally. Another time I accepted their request to declare war, and shortly after that they signed a peace deal that left me at war alone against their former rival. Not very nice, but it shows that using caution when dealing with your ally’s requests is rather important.
One of StarDrive’s best added value features is its mod support. Even if development itself some day halts, it has left the door open for aspiring designers to add and contort mechanics to their whim. I’ve seen in the past how mods can truly transform titles that were good ones into great ones, so the importance of a good mod or modding team can not be easily dismissed.
That's the problem. We on the left don't have a mission and a plan. The Democrats and most of the progressive organizations put most of their energy into reacting, not into planning and setting long term goals.
We can know our enemies by their actions and strategies. They want to weaken the left
Not surprisingly, we on the left do not have clear leaders. Big problem. The potential leaders are often mocked and marginalized by the mainstream media. They've done it with Dennis Kucinich, Bernie Sanders, Mike Gravel.
Then, there is the circular shooting squad propensity of the left to shoot at each other. We should also consider that there are moles who foment discontent and criticism of potential leaders.
The right has literally scores of "think tanks" with ten, twenty, fifty million in funding annually that are not really think tanks. They're really policy promotion and war-on-the-left planning and enabling operations. The left has a lot of real think tanks that issue papers and op-eds on policy and analysis, but not much more. There are a handful of purportedly progressive operations that are supposed to operate like the policy promotion operations on the right. The great white hope was supposed to be Center for American Progress. Yes. They have an excellent newsletter, but when Tony Podesta was identified as its head, the DLC guy who was Bill Clinton's chief of staff, I knew it would be a neutered operation. When he became Obama's transition director, herding in bluedog after bankster after DLC sellout into the White House, it was further proof. We still need a kick-ass tough organization that is created to fight the right, the corporations, not document the death throes of the left.
Develop tools and systems (smart phone apps) to help millions on the left to boycott companies like the Koch brothers industries and companies that support Fox news, that lobby for bad, anti-human laws, that are members of the US Chamber of Commerce.
Of course, that still leaves the other 50 errors in the test set untouched. In ongoing work, Long is working on a machine-learning system that will look at more coarse-grained manipulation of program values across larger stretches of code, in the hope of producing a bug-repair system that can handle more complex errors.
Though the increased government oversight may leave our wallets a little lighter around April, this is a necessary step towards mass adoption. Despite early adopters actively opposing any sort of government involvement, with many initially participating in the crypto movement to give a concerted middle finger to traditional governmental and financial systems, most mainstream and institutional investors do not share that sentiment. They are unwilling to purchase an asset if there is a chance that the legality of the very asset class itself may be suddenly challenged or changed, causing the value to tank overnight. A parallel can be seen in the marijuana business, which struggled (and still struggles) to obtain institutional backing. Remember, mass adoption is key to long term price growth and sustainability, with regulation being a necessary evil to attain that end.
Young men on the city's South and West Sides told CBS News how easy it is to get illegal guns, and why many never leave their homes without one.
"I know people who can't walk from they house to the store without a gun," said Aaron Murph. "Because people getting killed left and right. It's sad."
All those feelings are torn off like umbilical cords. Sometimes you feel satisfied. You enjoyed your experience and you received closure. However, most of the time, you are left wanting more. There are still untraveled roads to traverse through. Questions remain unanswered. Will Astronaut Taylor ever escape this ape dominating post apocalyptic world? What more monstrous actions will Michael Corleone do as the new Godfather?
Perhaps even more important is the ordeal the CD wants to be sure the ex-partner goes through. They'll bring out such big cannons with their lawyer, that the other party has to spend much time, energy, and money either defending themselves or just trying to survive the ordeal that they have no time, energy, or money left to advocate for a stronger position.
"The emotions towards my dad were mixed. I resented him for wanting to leave me and my three sisters behind, but at the same time I was devastated thinking about how low he must be.
"Our brother was so young. He was only 22 when we lost him. For a close family this was hard, we blamed ourselves and were left picking up the pieces.
In 1898, Schober left the university and joined the Rudolfsheim police inspectorate as an apprentice clerk (Konzeptspraktikant). He had completed his studies but had either not taken or not passed the complete set of graduation exams. He left, accordingly, not with a doctorate but an absolutorium. Being nothing but a glorified certificate of attendance, the absolutorium did not qualify its holder to receive the post-graduate education necessary to become a lawyer in private practice, a prosecutor, or a judge. Even so, it technically made its holder a person of academic rank. As such, it was good enough to permit admission into higher civil service. In particular, it qualified Schober to receive post-graduate training for the position of lawyer in police service (Polizeijurist). By 1900, Schober had completed his training with distinction and was assigned to the prestigious Innere Stadt inspectorate. Schober had been induced to join the police by one of his favorite operas, the Evangelimann, a play based on the 1892 autobiography of a Viennese detective inspector.
The harsh positions taken by the victorious Allies in the Paris Peace Conference, especially the reparations payments they were preparing to impose, heightened the tensions. The Communists began preparing a mass protest for June 15, urging their supporters to carry arms and hoping to turn the march into an insurrection. A conference of party leaders on June 14 was meant to finalize marching orders. Informed of these plans, Schober petitioned the government to disallow the protest. When the government declined, Schober had security police raid the conference and arrest all 122 participants. The next day, a demonstration demanding the release of the prisoners precipitated a bloody street fight that left 12 protesters dead and 80 seriously injured.
Reluctant support in the National Council nonwithstanding, the nationalists never forgave Schober for the Treaty of Lana. While Schober continued to fight Austria's crippling financial problems and otherwise focused on foreign policy, Seipel, still the chairman of the Christian Social Party, decided that the time had come for him to take over. In April, Schober left the country to participate in the crucial Genoa Conference. His opponents used his absence to orchestrate his replacement. In May, already on his way home, Schober learned that the Christian Socials had withdrawn their support his cabinet. Schober resigned on May 24; he agreed to stay on in a caretaker capacity until the first Seipel government could be sworn in on May 31.
Any hope of economic recovery was instantly squashed by the Wall Street Crash of 1929, striking a mere four weeks after Schober's inauguration. The Great Depression hit Austria even harder than most other countries. Austria still depended on regular foreign cash infusions, but credit quickly dried up as a result of the downturn. The government was successful in other respects, however. Most importantly, Schober neutralized the threat of Heimwehr revolt. On the one hand, he signalled willingness to meet Heimwehr demands for constitutional reform halfway, continuing negotiations where the Streeruwitz government had left off. On the other hand, he pointedly refused to include Heimwehr men in his cabinet and insisted that the new constitution be implemented legally, i.e. pursuant to the amendment rules laid down in the existing constitution. The new constitution would need the support of two thirds of the members of the National Council, meaning that it could not be passed without the assent of the Social Democrats. Schober invited Social Democratic representatives to join the talks and refused to be intimidated by the rallies the Heimwehr kept staging as a show of force. Eventually, a compromise was reached; the Council passed a set of amendments to the Federal Constitutional Law on December 7, 1929. The compromise significantly strengthened the power and prestige of the office of the president. It also altered appointment procedures to the Constitutional Court in a way that the Heimwehr thought would guarantee right-of-center majorities for the foreseeable future. The compromise was a disappointment for the Heimwehr and its foreign allies, and a victory for the Social Democrats, in all other respects.
Traumatized and depressed, a 24 year-old girl decided to commit suicide when her boyfriend left her. After getting a government job, the boy came under family pressure and left the girl. After such a drastic incident, all that the girl could think of was suicide. She decided to end her life by jumping in the Yamuna canal which is 4km away from Saharanpur.
The deceased officers were veterans and fathers: From top left clockwise, Brent Thompson, Patrick Zamarripa, Michael Krol, Lorne Ahrens and Michael J. Smith.
“I am getting an increasing number of inquiries from media outlets asking for assistance or advice in regard to pursuing interviews with Correctional Service staff or inmates,” he said. “The impression I’m left with is that it is increasingly difficult for journalists to cover Corrections news.”
Pope Francis waves to the faithful as he leaves at the end of his weekly general audience, in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, Sept. 28, 2016. (Photo11: Andrew Medichini, AP)
Key to this is legislation limiting employers’ ability to intervene in the unionization process. Just as employers are left alone to decide with which associations they wish to affiliate, so too should workers. Doctrines such as “employer free speech,” while fair-sounding, provide a green light for employers to trample workers’ labor rights with abandon. Redefining “employer free speech” as illegal coercion would do far more to defend labor rights than seeking even more protections from the courts that have failed US workers for decades.
While a series of home draws has left United eleven points behind leaders Chelsea, Mourinho's characteristic - and unfashionable - refusal to 'dump' participation in either the League Cup and Europa League last night left him as the only Premier League manager still competing for silverware on four fronts.
But at the grassroots level, the story of Ayn Rand’s impact was different. All over the country, Randian enthusiasts discussed her books with an almost religious fervor. They still do in 2007. In business luncheons and dormitory bull sessions and neighborhood conversations, the glories of John Galt, Howard Roark, and Leo Kovalensky (Rand’s three heroes) were extolled, and the philosophy they embodied was applied to American culture. Typical conversion stories would include the following. A student recalls, “I was born a Catholic, but I just can’t believe in the gaudiness and fanciness of the Catholic church. I like Howard Roark’s worship of man much better.” A coed in the Midwest who didn’t say what church she had formerly belonged to remarked proudly, “It was only a few weeks after I read Atlas Shrugged that I left the church.”22 A Manhattan retail store executive described his experience after reading The Fountainhead: “I had found my spiritual home.”23 How much Ayn Rand’s philosophy had grown up from the grassroots into the minds of those with governmental power was hard to say. But in September, 1974, Time reported that Alan Greenspan, the Chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers, was a longtime friend and disciple of Ayn Rand.24
Do not say that you’re afraid to trust your mind because you know so little. Are you safer in surrendering to mystics and discarding the little you do know? Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hock-shops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error. (FNI, 178; AS, 982)
Therefore, Ayn Rand’s philosophy did not need to be entirely scrapped. Rather, it needed to take all of reality into account, including the infinite God. In this case her own premise—A is A—would have demand an alteration in what she conceived as rational and how she evaluated mercy. Since she claimed to “provide men . . . with an integrated and consistent view of life,” this alteration would have meant a rebuilding of the whole structure. No detail of her philosophy would have been left untouched. But enough has been said here. That reconstruction is the job of a lifetime.
I leave you with one of my favorite verses:
A swimming pool in the Austrian capital of Vienna has stoked controversy by forcing a Muslim woman wearing the Islamic swimwear known as the burkini to leave the facility.
The Vienna Stadthallenbad swimming pool forced a Muslim woman to leave their pool on Friday after they said that her swimwear was inappropriate.
To the extent Márquez would like the OFAC to lift his designation and more broadly convince to the U.S. government to leave him alone, he would likely need to provide the OFAC with information of value. Indeed, one motivation for the government to pursue persons who allegedly facilitate drug traffickers is that they might be willing to provide critical intelligence to help the government take down traffickers and cartels. Facilitators’ willingness comes from self-preservation: doing so would get them out of trouble. Put another way, the OFAC likely does not “want” Márquez —it wants what Márquez knows about Flores Hernandez, who, as explained above, has been charged with federal crimes.
To recreate a coherent and realistic sonic atmosphere for a scene, sound will be recorded on location. This is especially the case if the scene happens to take place in a unique sonic environment. If there is a scene in a rainforest for example, what better way to create genuine ambience than to capture the surrounding audio: water trickling in a nearby creek, distant birdsong, the leaves rustling. Even if these sounds were to be replaced later, it is important to have a reference for the potential sounds that may need to included later on. Which brings us to…
Lower Manhattan holds centuries of history in its shoreline and beneath its streets. With the sandy beaches of the former New Amsterdam gradually expanding by landfill over the last three centuries, a diverse historical trail has been left in its wake. This is very much the case around the World Trade Center’s site.
Musk visited the White House on three separate occassions this year when he sat on President Donald Trump's economic advisory board and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. He left both advisory councils after the US withdrew from the Paris Climate Agreement in June.
Court records indicate that Kathleen Biden asked her husband to leave the couple's Washington, D.C., home on July 5, 2015, prompted by his actions on the night of July Fourth. The filing doesn't offer details.
Crutcher didn't respond, simply dropping his head while continuing to look at Shelby, "kind of under his brow," Wood said. Crutcher then began to put his hand into his left pocket, Wood said, adding that Shelby told Crutcher, "Hey, please keep your hands out of your pocket while you're talking to me. Let's deal with his car."
In an editorial in the NEJM Dr Daniel Bausch said that while the trial left many questions unanswered, an Ebola vaccine was "one step closer".
"He left here in a cloud ... We asked him to leave and that itself was difficult," Marks said.
After ten season of parternship, Officer group and ProGP break up. Duda Pamplona owner of ProGP still in the series and Officer group left the championship.
Who could not be proud of front-page stories developed from a hunch that righted wrongs and helped put fraudsters and telemarketing crooks in jail? Of writing blogs such as Civic Lee Speaking and my Olympics-themed Red Mittens Diary. (And be willing to leave alone the risque photo that went with it!)
And how could I not love this newspaper for instilling in me a profound love for running. I was the Sun Run’s first poster child in 1987 for how to go through a six-week training program to learn how to run. It led to marathons and triathlons, and ultimately to me completing two Ironman Canada events. Now, as I leave the newsroom I am once again a Sun Run guinea pig, writing about running and exercising as a 59-year-old with Type 2 diabetes.
I leave daily journalism at a perilous time for both the public and the truth. The rise of fake news, reality shows far from reality, entertainment “news” and the wholesale undermining of bedrock trust in journalism by people like the new U.S. president, Donald J. Trump, point to a consequential diminishing of society.
But I also leave at an important time for the news industry as it reshapes and clarifies its value especially in the era of fake news. Great journalism is now being told in new and compelling ways, through digital methods unavailable when Jack first taught me my craft on my sticky-keys Royal.
We’re not immune to the cutbacks and buyouts that have affected the entire industry. I am, after all, one of those taking a buyout. But I depart firmly believing that those folks left in the newsroom are piloting a pair of venerable newspapers – and their attendant online identities – into a new and secure future.
You can believe what you want but please, allow me to do the same. The Zionists never stop bringing up the Holocaust, so is it not my right to question why no one ever mentions the Armenian massacres or the more recent genocide in Rwanda? So let's for now ignore what we've been led to believe regarding the holocaust. Let's think logically. The concentration camps were in the East, on the Russian side. Those in charge of the camps knew waiting for the Russians simply wasn't an option. With 20 million of their own dead, the Russians weren't taking prisoners. In any case, sooner or later, supply lines would be cut. Food and water would not get through, so well before the Russians reached the camps, the Germans upped and left. Of course camp internees could have left too - many most probably did but where would they go? They were effectively in a war zone without food and water. Those who stayed in the camps at least had shelter and the genuine hope that help would soon arrive. So far, have I said anything unreasonable?
Those left in the camps had little chance of knowing exactly what was going on. Certainly they were aware Germany's defeat was imminent but as each day went by, without food and water, what could these poor people do? What options were available to them? Most were already so malnourished and weak, all they could do was wait for relief. They couldn't go out and get it! As each day passed, slowly but surely, the camps inhabitants succumbed to dehydration and starvation. As each week passed, more died; the bodies piled up. Those alive literally had no strength to bury the dead. This served to exacerbate the dilemma for it led to the outbreak of disease which in turn caused the death count to rise exponentially. Have I said anything unreasonable here? Okay. Now let's see if my synopsis fits well with the photographic evidence and TV footage.
What did we see - piles of dead emaciated bodies left unburied. They weren't gassed or shot. They died either from starvation or disease. Survivors were down to the bone. Disease was rife. In other words, what I've said from my own thoughts in the last few paragraphs fits like a key in a well-worn lock. What didn't we see - there were no massive burial grounds. Now how could this be? Consider how our laws require a corpse before one can be charged with murder. This is not just a serious anomaly - it is the most critical detail, one that cannot under any circumstances be brushed aside! If 6 million died there simply has to be evidence of mass graves strewn all over the place. To this day no such evidence has been uncovered. Moreover, none of the survivors ever told the Russian liberators they were systematically being gassed to death. There was a good reason - the Russians would have immediately said 'where are the gas chambers then?' There were no gas chambers. However, some may have mentioned Allied or Russian bombing put paid to quite a few of them!
Yes, there is a war between religious fundamentalism and the spirit of love and tolerance. But we progressives here in America still labor under the delusion that the religion we need to combat is Christianity. But that's a strawman opponent, and has been so for decades. Since the 1990s, Christian extremists have essentially lost all their power, and are now toothless nonplayers in the "culture wars." Meanwhile, Muslim extremists, with guns, murder us, and on the left our only response is to bleat about "Islamophobia" and jump through hoops trying to explain away the self-evident religious motivation for the killings.
And your mom won't leave the stage,
For that reason, NASA made photography a high priority during the Apollo missions, redesigning cameras that could operate in the punishing environment of space and inventing ultra-thin film that would allow a single roll to contain 200 exposures. Of the thousands of pictures taken, only a comparative few were chosen for the public to see. They were the best of the images, no surprise, and that made sense. But their very perfection sometimes made them seem almost sterile. It was the outtakes—the astronaut in the clumsy pose, the litter left on the lunar surface, the too-bright sun flaring off the lens—that revealed the missions to be the often unglamorous, often improvisational camping trips they were.
From the high ground of space, it’s almost impossible to take a bad picture of the jewel box landscape below, but the Apollo VII crew managed that ignoble feat. The odd framing and poor sun control in this shot destined it for the discard pile. But that’s Florida below, with the north end of the state to the left and the south to the right and the embarkation point—Cape Canaveral—visible as a sharp projection along Atlantic coast. The red light on the Gulf of Mexico and the comparatively low angle of the sun create the mood of a tropical sundown—a little bit of beachfront bliss that was, at that moment, entirely out of the astronauts’ reach.
The lunar module was a whimsically ugly machine. That’s what happens when you can design a vehicle strictly for functionality with no concern for the aerodynamic sleekness that is necessary when you’re flying through the atmosphere. Here, the Apollo XI LEM has separated from the command module and hangs, seemingly upside down (though there is no upside down in space) before the camera of Michael Collins, left alone in the command module. The rods extending from the foot pads are contact probes. When one of them touched the lunar surface, the contact light would flash on in the cockpit, telling the commander to cut the engine.
It was often hard to tell the difference between the litter and the scientific experiments the Apollo astronauts left on the surface, as this image from Apollo XIV shows. In this case, the shot is of science; the gold, boxy object is the central station of what was known as the Apollo Lunar Surface Experiments Package (ALSEP). The tarp-like circle of silver with the can-shaped object to the left is the seismograph, one of six instruments that made up the ALSEP. The last of the experiment packages left on the surface winked out on Sept. 30, 1977, close to five years after the final lunar landing.
The film, which stars 52-year-old Mexican TV star Eugenio Derbez as an Acapulco playboy forced to raise a baby girl left on his doorstep, ranked fifth among films in U.S. theaters, despite opening in scant 347 theaters, according to Hollywood.com.
In the past, it's primarily been religious groups criticizing the religious exemption language, and the language has been made more broad over time in order to blunt opposition to the bill from religious groups. Now, it appears, some on the left are ready to fight back.
Hopefully, D.J. Fluker won't follow in Harlow's footsteps in that regard, but there are similarities between the two. Like Fluker, Harlow wasn't ever regarded as the nimblest guy - but he was nasty. The Raiders, however, made the mistake of moving him to the left side, where he was never really the same guy again.
Searcy left the Steelers in free agency after the loss in the Super Bowl to sign a record-breaking contract with Jacksonville. He would prove to be well worth the money, but his body started to break down at the end of that contract and he wasn't ever able to reestablish himself.
The Eagles drafted Thomas out of Florida State in 1998. He became a fixture on the offensive line at left tackle from Day 1 for the Eagles. He started 165 of 166 games in his career with Philadelphia and made the Pro Bowl in the 2001, 2002 and 2004 seasons.
The 49ers think so highly of him that they extended him in April to a new 5-year contract worth $37.3 million, which is on par with recent contracts for elite left tackles. That, right there, speaks volumes. I know I speak for every Chargers fan when I say that I hope I read about D.J. Fluker signing an extension in about two years; that will mean that Telesco and the Chargers hit this one out of the ballpark.
Santa Cruz police ask anyone with information to call investigations at 831-420-5820, the anonymous tip line at 831-420-5995 or leave a tip at santacruzpolice.com or the mobile application at m.santacruzpolice.com.
McAfee founded McAfee Associates in 1987 but left in 1994. The company was eventually sold to Intel in 2011 for more than $7.68 billion.
Police say an animal rights protester was packing up to leave on Saturday, when she got into an argument with a woman who began yelling racial slurs at her.
Shape Created with Sketch. The Vietnam War 40 years on Show all 10 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. The Vietnam War 40 years on 1/10 The Vietnam War A helicopter lifts off from the US embassy in Saigon, Vietnam during last minute evacuation of authorized personnel and civilians on 29 April 1975 2/10 The Vietnam War A cargo net lifts refugees from a barge onto the SS Pioneer Contender for evacuation from the fallen city of Da Nang, Vietnam on 1 April 1975 3/10 The Vietnam War Captain Donald R Brown crouches on the ground in Saigon, waiting for the order for attack across an open field against Vietcong positions 5 April 5 1965 4/10 The Vietnam War Orphans aboard the first 'Operation Babylift' flight at the end of the Vietnam War look through the windows of World Airways DC-8 jet as it flies them to the United States in April 1975 5/10 The Vietnam War Young demonstrators toss sticks and rocks at South Vietnamese riot police in Saigon in a brief confrontation after a rally sponsored by the mainly Catholic anti-corruption movement on 4 April 1975 6/10 The Vietnam War US Navy personnel aboard the USS Blue Ridge push a helicopter into the sea off the coast of Vietnam in order to make room for more evacuation flights from Saigon in 29 April 1975 7/10 The Vietnam War South Vietnamese troops and western TV newsmen run for cover as a North Vietnamese mortar round explodes on Newport Bridge on the outskirts of Saigon in 28 April 1975 Hoanh/AP 8/10 The Vietnam War US sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the USS Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations from South Vietnam in 1 May 1975 9/10 The Vietnam War A North Vietnamese tank rolls through the gates of the Presidential Palace in Saigon, signifying the fall of South Vietnam. The war ended on April 30, 1975, with the fall of Saigon, now known as Ho Chi Minh City 10/10 The Vietnam War A US Marine, who was wounded in the head as he fought against the Viet Cong from inside an amphibious tank, is led to evacuation helicopter landing zone at Van Tuong, Vietnam on 19 August 1965 1/10 The Vietnam War A helicopter lifts off from the US embassy in Saigon, Vietnam during last minute evacuation of authorized personnel and civilians on 29 April 1975 2/10 The Vietnam War A cargo net lifts refugees from a barge onto the SS Pioneer Contender for evacuation from the fallen city of Da Nang, Vietnam on 1 April 1975 3/10 The Vietnam War Captain Donald R Brown crouches on the ground in Saigon, waiting for the order for attack across an open field against Vietcong positions 5 April 5 1965 4/10 The Vietnam War Orphans aboard the first 'Operation Babylift' flight at the end of the Vietnam War look through the windows of World Airways DC-8 jet as it flies them to the United States in April 1975 5/10 The Vietnam War Young demonstrators toss sticks and rocks at South Vietnamese riot police in Saigon in a brief confrontation after a rally sponsored by the mainly Catholic anti-corruption movement on 4 April 1975 6/10 The Vietnam War US Navy personnel aboard the USS Blue Ridge push a helicopter into the sea off the coast of Vietnam in order to make room for more evacuation flights from Saigon in 29 April 1975 7/10 The Vietnam War South Vietnamese troops and western TV newsmen run for cover as a North Vietnamese mortar round explodes on Newport Bridge on the outskirts of Saigon in 28 April 1975 Hoanh/AP 8/10 The Vietnam War US sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the USS Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations from South Vietnam in 1 May 1975 9/10 The Vietnam War A North Vietnamese tank rolls through the gates of the Presidential Palace in Saigon, signifying the fall of South Vietnam. The war ended on April 30, 1975, with the fall of Saigon, now known as Ho Chi Minh City 10/10 The Vietnam War A US Marine, who was wounded in the head as he fought against the Viet Cong from inside an amphibious tank, is led to evacuation helicopter landing zone at Van Tuong, Vietnam on 19 August 1965
To receive Mandarin Weekly in your e-mail inbox every Monday, just use the subscription box on the left side at MandarinWeekly.com. Or follow us on Twitter, at @MandarinWeekly!
Pol Maj Gen Jirapat Phumjit, deputy chief of the Metropolitan Police Bureau (MPB) who oversees traffic in the city, said motorists from Charoen Phon intersection heading to Pathumwan intersection on Rama I will be forced to either turn left to Phaya Thai Road or right to Sam Yan area during this time.
Motorists from Phloenchit can go through the inbound lane of Rama 1 road, he said. After the procession moves to Ratchadamri road, it will occupy only the far left lane of the road. Other lanes can be used by motorists.
“He did it right away. A random act of kindness and left as if nothing happened. It was impressive.”
“He paid the bill and left very quietly. It was incredibly generous.”
I personally think it is fun to teach an imported horse how to go up and down hills for the first time. Most of them come from the very flat Holland or Belgium or the part of Germany without inclines or turnout, and it is highly entertaining when a young horse experiences one of our hills. One descent and climb at the walk usually leaves them completely winded! It is comical for them to figure out how to navigate hills at the walk, trot, or canter, and then eventually become masters of descent!
Away from the towers that soar above the City of London, there is another England. It is an ugly place. In this England, a million young people have their hopes blasted every day. In this England, thousands of work-starved youngsters search for jobs that do not exist. In this England, legions of kids find themselves crowded into sink estates that tower over streets absent of power and absent of hope. They are the England left behind by globalisation. And they are the England who, in 2011, took to the streets and smashed up their neighbourhoods.
The other wore a light-coloured hoody and jeans. Both left in a dark coloured Peugeot.
Imagine a scenario where you need to split a layout in half. Content on the left and content on the right. Basically two equal height columns are needed inside of a container. Each side takes up exactly half of the container, creating a distinct break between one. Like many things in CSS, there are a number of ways to go about this and we're going to go over many of them right now!
Before digging into his route running, it’s important to note the attributes that most often draw analyst’s affection. Simply put: Josh Reynolds makes some of the most spectacular catches among the wide receiver prospects in this draft. His highlight clips and cutups are littered with impressive, leap-driven catches where Reynolds plucks the ball with strong hands in midair. Yet, in the inverse effect of the overpowering negative visceral reaction to drops, observing a few of those awe-inspiring catches can leave a stamp of positive reaction that’s tough to wash away.
The layout of digiKam is fairly intuitive, especially if you're a KDE user. The basics are pretty simple: On the left are panels that control how you view photos, in the middle are the photos themselves, and on the left are effects and filters.
When you select a directory (or an album, if you prefer), the photos within are displayed as an array in the right panel. There are lots of other ways to view your photos, though, and they're all accessible as verticle tabs (a time-honored KDE interface tradition) along the left edge of the main window. In addition to the Album view, there are:
Getting images out of digiKam, strictly speaking, is automatic, because photos are never "in" digiKam. DigiKam reads images straight from your file system, so to get an image from digiKam, all you have to do is look in the place you last left it. It'll still be there.
The DHS never should have been established in the first place, as hasty, immediate reactions to crises tend to leave large messes that need to be cleaned up later. The United States is facing that cleanup, and this funding crisis provides a perfect reason to simply close the agency, split its various departments into relevant agencies that can better manage their own affairs, and focus on real and immediate threats to American health, safety, and well-being.
Two days later she offered not an apology but an explanation: She was making a joke and the humorless, possibly envious left didn't get it.
Ultimately, when all is said and done, one is left with the following question: When does religious indoctrination become child abuse?
There is also still the question of why the canine is a darker reddish-brown than the other bones. And where did Dawson get his putty? Plus, the ancient DNA analysis of the human bones came up empty, as did the radiocarbon dating, although they may be as much as 1000 years old. De Groote said they opted not to go deeper into the bone to remove more sample material for a re-test. “We decided, let’s leave them and maybe several years from now, other new technologies will come around,” she said. “Although fake, the fossils do have cultural value. They’re almost antiques and we don’t want to destroy them.”
There’s even a section speculating about Dawson’s possible motivations, based on historians’ analysis of the many letters and papers Dawson left behind. “That’s the hardest thing for me as a scientist, to do,” de Groote admitted. “I look at numbers and images, I say this is right or wrong.” The question of why is much more difficult to answer, but Dawson certainly had high ambitions for his scientific career, complaining in a 1909 letter that he was still waiting for that one “big ‘find’” that would cement his reputation and earn him a fellowship with the Royal Society.
As for the button setup, well, you can see it there. We are looking at a centered home button that doubles as a fingerprint sensor, with back and app switcher flanking it. It’s not a setup I would typically prefer, but as I mentioned above, at least they put the buttons in the correct spots with back on the left and app switcher on the right. Even Samsung can’t seem to get that right.
Flakka is most typically made from the chemical alpha-PVP, which is a synthetic version of the amphetamine-like stimulant cathinone. Cathinones are chemicals derived from the khat plant grown in the Middle East and Somalia, where the leaves are frequently chewed for a euphoric buzz.
"If we left this debate with 20 senators on the record supporting single-payer, and the entire Senate Democratic caucus uniting around giving every American the option of buying into Medicare if they want to, that would be a wonderful place to land," Green said.
His work is fascinating for many reasons. Like most designers of his time, Baumberger created a lot of tourism posters with the Swiss Alps in the starring role. His career was marked by the ascendancy of branding and consumer products in society. At times Baumberger’s work leaves the aesthetics of landscape painting behind for a more abstract, geometric look that was so characteristic of the later Swiss Style. All those posters have in common that they allow Baumberger’s geometric lettering to take center stage.
NEW YORK -- Chris Davis was scratched from the starting lineup for Sunday's 11-inning, 7-4 Orioles win in New York after being hit by a pitch in the left elbow in Friday's series opener.
NEW YORK -- Chris Davis was scratched from the starting lineup for Sunday's 11-inning, 7-4 Orioles win in New York after being hit by a pitch in the left elbow in Friday's series opener.
“The guy’s going to give you all he has once he get out there on the field,” Hopkins said. “He’s not going to leave anything out there. It was no question about him going out and being to perform the task today.”
A Washington D.C. native, Butler had been expected to miss the first month of this season with a broken left foot that had been re-injured this past summer. The 6-foot-1, 195-pound Butler appeared in 37 games and started three for the Irish, with 39 tackles, six pass breakups, one forced fumble, one fumble recovery and one interception.
Like the PA, Hamas also seeks to delegitimize and diplomatically isolate Israel, and uses its civilians and the mainstream media to that end. By posing a direct threat to Israeli civilians, Hamas compels Israel into a war that Hamas is bound to lose militarily but win on the PR front. Hamas knows that the international media will rarely provide the context, balance, history, and technical details for Israel to be judged fairly. So to achieve its goal of delegitimization, Hamas just has to start a war with Israel. Then, a cooperative media will dutifully reinforce a simple and oft repeated narrative: the militarily superior IDF brutally and disproportionately harms innocent and defenseless Palestinians. That narrative defames Israel, with potentially serious political and economic consequences. In the current conflict in Gaza, the mainstream media has been abundantly helpful to Hamas. There are countless examples, but here are some highlights that demonstrate just how much the press helps Hamas (out of anti-Israel animus, journalistic sloppiness, and/or naivete). The media clearly favor Hamas by: Focusing so much more on Palestinian suffering than anyone else's. Nigerians must die in far greater numbers before the mainstream media take notice (those hundreds of abducted Nigerian schoolgirls left the front pages long ago).
Freshman running back Chase Hayden said the film review of his long run against the starters in Saturday's scrimmage showed he stayed in bounds after a push from Henre Toliver inside the 10-yard line on the left sideline. Hayden was deemed to have stepped out by the side judge for a 65-yard gain to the 9. A touchdown would have given him a 74-yard gain to the end zone.
When Yuuta Banda was just four years old, he suffered a car accident that left him paralyzed, connected to a respiratory machine, and confined to bed for life. But almost two decades later, he's been able to experience different places, and even find a job thanks to OriHime, his robot avatar.
The Turnbull government’s decision to put the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) in charge of a voluntary postal plebiscite on same-sex marriage has left many scratching their heads. It was expected the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) would run the vote, not the body responsible for the five-yearly census.
Manager Alan Pardew left for Crystal Palace — a much smaller English top flight club — and was replaced by his assistant, John Carver and Newcastle signed no new players.
When I first heard about unit testing using a framework like JUnit, I thought it was such a simple and powerful concept. Instead of ad hoc testing, you save your tests, and they can be run as often as you like. In my mind, the concept didn’t leave much room for misunderstanding. However, over the years I have seen several ways of using unit tests that I think are more or less wrong. Here are 5, in order of importance:
On the third day, we were up early and left the small village of Bou-Zemou and began the very long, but gentle climb into the mountains. We could see remote houses in the distance – these people probably didn’t see tourists that often, let alone bikers.
Chalupa left the DNC after the Democratic convention in late July to focus fulltime on her research into Manafort, Trump and Russia. She said she provided off-the-record information and guidance to “a lot of journalists” working on stories related to Manafort and Trump’s Russia connections, despite what she described as escalating harassment.
About a month-and-a-half after Chalupa first started receiving hacking alerts, someone broke into her car outside the Northwest Washington home where she lives with her husband and three young daughters, she said. They “rampaged it, basically, but didn’t take anything valuable — left money, sunglasses, $1,200 worth of golf clubs,” she said, explaining she didn’t file a police report after that incident because she didn’t connect it to her research and the hacking.
In a Yahoo News story naming Chalupa as one of 16 “ordinary people” who “shaped the 2016 election,” Isikoff wrote that after Chalupa left the DNC, FBI agents investigating the hacking questioned her and examined her laptop and smartphone.
According to a series of memos reportedly compiled for Trump’s opponents by a former British intelligence agent, Yanukovych, in a secret meeting with Putin on the day after the Times published its report, admitted that he had authorized “substantial kickback payments to Manafort.” But according to the report, which was published Tuesday by BuzzFeed but remains unverified. Yanukovych assured Putin “that there was no documentary trail left behind which could provide clear evidence of this” — an alleged statement that seemed to implicitly question the authenticity of the ledger.
In July, 2015, Lam told her team leader she needed a few days of leave to look after a sick relative in the Mainland. She was shocked when the team leader told Lam she had already used up all her annual leave for 2015. Lam says she had not taken a single day of annual leave that year.
When she announced she was quitting, the team leader changed tack because she wanted to keep Lam on. “She [the team leader] said she could compensate me for all the annual leave days owed to me if I chose to stay” Lam recalls.
Later, she quit anyway and decided to take legal action against the company with the help a trade union. That was when she says she realised she had been misled to sign documents such as rosters and applications for annual leave. These showed Lam had taken all her annual leave days and had taken regular days off.
OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.
Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:
Bob will therefore flat QQ, AK and various other medium strong hands/implied odds hands after a ~15% open-raise from Alice. The optimal flatting range depends on how Bob thinks Alice plays postflop, what he thinks the players in the blinds will do, how they play postflop, their stack sizes, etc. So we leave the construction of an optimal flatting range to Bob.
We didn't look at small blind vs big blind in this article, even if it falls under the same category with the raiser out of position. I elected to leave this situation out, since blind vs blind dynamics is very dependent on the players involved, and the history between them. So it's difficult (and probably not very useful) to try and generalize and assign SB a standard opening range. But if you want to do this, you can use the method and construct the optimal strategy pair yourself.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
The women are allowed to leave their compound for two hours a week to buy necessities, according to the report.
In its quarterly statement on monetary policy released on Friday, the RBA left the door open to another rate cut after slashing the cash rate to a fresh low of 2% on Tuesday.
"The government has been left with little choice but to put a lid on it because there simply isn't much gas left," said Farrukh Saleem, an economist. "It has been a massive policy failure because the government actively promoted CNG knowing full well that natural gas reserves would not last beyond 25 years."
Why does this matter? Arguably, it is because Durkheim's work on the sacred offers the starting point for a public language for thinking about that which people take to be fundamental moral realities which exert an unquestionable claim over society. The concept of the profane can similarly help us to think about the role of symbolic representations of evil in social life. But to think about moral realities, such as deep convictions that one should not abuse a child or violate fundamental human rights, as norms produced through social practice can induce a particular kind of moral nausea. It seems to leave us prey to an empty moral relativism in which our deepest moral sentiments are reduced to transient social constructions.
From a different angle, but with the same logic, the left has already played this game with Obama. Since there’s a powerful right-wing that continues to defame the President, many liberals and leftists have kept their mouths shut about Obama’s crimes, hoping to quell some of the illegitimate attacks. This has resulted in disastrous policies being swept under the rug for fear of being perceived a racist.
It’s important for the left to distance itself from liberal-ideology while simultaneously providing alternatives to the right-wing and centrism. To put it differently, just because FoxNews and Rush Limbaugh badger Black Friday shoppers, doesn’t mean that there isn’t a kernel of truth in their denunciations. While leftists won’t do so with racist terms or reactionary messaging, we must still denounce materialism, consumerism and capitalist culture.
Sometimes, it’s true that the right-wing’s commentary should be ignored, as in the case of Ferguson or Climate Change. On the other hand, when it comes to Obama, Democrats or Black Friday, the left should pay closer attention. There’s a reason people gravitate toward these messages, and it’s not simply due to their simplicity.
As Gail Dines reminds us, just because the right-wing opposes pornography, that doesn’t make it a wonderful thing. The left also needs to apply critical analysis to the porno-industry, or, as Gail says, “Industrialized Sex.” There’s nothing liberating about long-term psychological and physical damage, economic exploitation and social alienation. In a lot of ways, the left needs to stop gravitating toward easy-to-digest answers.
For example, just because my union friends are in unions doesn’t make them progressives. Plenty of people I know leave union meetings only to bad-mouth blacks and immigrants at the local pub. How is this progressive? On the contrary, I’ve been in Latin American communities where I’ve heard Muslims discussed in a negative manner. In both cases, I offer my reflections and judgements.
Mr Burnham told MPs that places such as Greater Manchester “continue to take in the vast majority of the country’s asylum seekers and refugees and largely they do so without any strife or difficulty. I don’t want to hear anyone claim that people in places like Leigh that voted to leave are in any way xenophobic or racist.
An apparent move towards anti-immigration rhetoric by some in the left has been linked to the recent surge in support for Ukip and anti-EU sentiment.
Shape Created with Sketch. Nobel winner slates Britain's 'stupid' immigration reforms Show all 8 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Nobel winner slates Britain's 'stupid' immigration reforms 1/8 04-nobelwinner1-gt.jpg Prof Sir Andre Geim: Russian-born, he now holds dual British and Dutch nationality. In 2005, he and his team isolated graphene, a one-atom-thick carbon material which is 200 times stronger than steel and several times tougher than diamond, winning him the Nobel Prize for Physics. It can hold a charge similar to a battery – when charged for two to three seconds it powers a small light for five minutes. Getty Images 2/8 04-nobelwinner2.jpg Nadir Lalani: A Tanzania-born Pakistani who came to the UK in 1973 with very little money to his name. He opened a convenience store before founding the chain of 99p stores in 2001, the first in Holloway, north London, which has now expanded to 200 shops across the country. 3/8 04-nobelwinner3.jpg Levi Roots: Born Keith Graham, he came to the UK with his Jamaican parents at the age of five. Roots, 54, secured £50,000 investment for his Reggae Reggae Sauce from TV’s Dragons’ Den reality show. The sauce, and other lines, are now in supermarkets and Roots has made a £30m fortune. 4/8 04-nobelwinner4-gt.jpg Margaret Hodge: Born in Egypt to Jewish émigré parents, she arrived in the UK at the age of five. Despite having little money, her father started a steel company, Stemcor, which is now the sixth-largest UK company in private ownership. She is the Labour MP for Barking, a former minister, and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee. Getty Images 5/8 04-nobelwinner5-bbc.jpg James Caan: Born in Pakistan in 1960, the son of Bangladeshi parents, he came to the UK when he was aged two. His father had little money and no job but started a clothing company. The young Caan started his own recruitment company and later founded the venture capitalist firm. Best known from BBC TV’s Dragons’ Den. BBC 6/8 04-nobelwinner6-AFPgt.jpg Sir Partha Dasgupta: Born in Bangladesh, Sir Partha was educated at Cambridge in the 1960s but earned less than the minimum pay requirement (in today’s prices) after graduating. He is now emeritus professor of economics at Cambridge and a fellow of the Royal Society. Knighted in 2002 for services to economics. AFP/Getty Images 7/8 04-nobelwinner7.jpg Rajesh Agrawal: Born in India, he was earning £65 a month before coming to the UK in 2001 at the age of 24 with £200 in his back pocket. He founded the independent foreign exchange firm RationalFX in a small office in Brighton. The company had a turnover last year of £474m. 8/8 04-nobelwinner8-AFPgt.jpg Prof Richard Portes: US-born academic who was appointed a fellow at Balliol College, Oxford, in the 1960s, earning £22,000 in today’s terms. Founded the Centre for Economic Policy Research in 1983, is now professor of Economics at London Business School and a fellow of the British Academy. AFP/Getty Images 1/8 04-nobelwinner1-gt.jpg Prof Sir Andre Geim: Russian-born, he now holds dual British and Dutch nationality. In 2005, he and his team isolated graphene, a one-atom-thick carbon material which is 200 times stronger than steel and several times tougher than diamond, winning him the Nobel Prize for Physics. It can hold a charge similar to a battery – when charged for two to three seconds it powers a small light for five minutes. Getty Images 2/8 04-nobelwinner2.jpg Nadir Lalani: A Tanzania-born Pakistani who came to the UK in 1973 with very little money to his name. He opened a convenience store before founding the chain of 99p stores in 2001, the first in Holloway, north London, which has now expanded to 200 shops across the country. 3/8 04-nobelwinner3.jpg Levi Roots: Born Keith Graham, he came to the UK with his Jamaican parents at the age of five. Roots, 54, secured £50,000 investment for his Reggae Reggae Sauce from TV’s Dragons’ Den reality show. The sauce, and other lines, are now in supermarkets and Roots has made a £30m fortune. 4/8 04-nobelwinner4-gt.jpg Margaret Hodge: Born in Egypt to Jewish émigré parents, she arrived in the UK at the age of five. Despite having little money, her father started a steel company, Stemcor, which is now the sixth-largest UK company in private ownership. She is the Labour MP for Barking, a former minister, and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee. Getty Images 5/8 04-nobelwinner5-bbc.jpg James Caan: Born in Pakistan in 1960, the son of Bangladeshi parents, he came to the UK when he was aged two. His father had little money and no job but started a clothing company. The young Caan started his own recruitment company and later founded the venture capitalist firm. Best known from BBC TV’s Dragons’ Den. BBC 6/8 04-nobelwinner6-AFPgt.jpg Sir Partha Dasgupta: Born in Bangladesh, Sir Partha was educated at Cambridge in the 1960s but earned less than the minimum pay requirement (in today’s prices) after graduating. He is now emeritus professor of economics at Cambridge and a fellow of the Royal Society. Knighted in 2002 for services to economics. AFP/Getty Images 7/8 04-nobelwinner7.jpg Rajesh Agrawal: Born in India, he was earning £65 a month before coming to the UK in 2001 at the age of 24 with £200 in his back pocket. He founded the independent foreign exchange firm RationalFX in a small office in Brighton. The company had a turnover last year of £474m. 8/8 04-nobelwinner8-AFPgt.jpg Prof Richard Portes: US-born academic who was appointed a fellow at Balliol College, Oxford, in the 1960s, earning £22,000 in today’s terms. Founded the Centre for Economic Policy Research in 1983, is now professor of Economics at London Business School and a fellow of the British Academy. AFP/Getty Images
Catania, 46, believes his quest to make history comes down to the contrast between his record and Bowser's, and he doesn't believe voters will define him based on his race, sexual orientation or former party affiliation. Catania left the GOP in 2004 over then-President George W. Bush's opposition to gay marriage, and since then he has championed a number of progressive issues.
Mets centerfielder Juan Lagares hit what turned out to be the game-winning three-run homer in the sixth inning of yesterday’s game against the Braves. As you can see in the video above (if it’s not embedding properly for you, look here), after Lagares crossed home plate he was greeted by teammate Curtis Granderson, who’d been on base, and Granderson made a big show of pointing to the orange wristband on Lagares’s left arm. He did it again when they were back in the dugout.
Nelson’s production has slipped this season, and even the return of quarterback Aaron Rodgers from his broken collarbone for the Panthers game didn’t jump-start the receiver. Nelson was leading the league with six touchdown receptions when Rodgers got hurt in Week 6 but hasn’t caught one since. He has 53 catches (his fewest since 2010) for 482 yards (his fewest since 2009). Nelson has one year left on his contract and is scheduled to make $10.25 million in salary and bonuses next season.
We’re still left with two questions: where is Arrow going this year, and where is it going for the future?
One look at the wonderfully evocative, period cover photo will tell you a lot about the music and the era. The music was a mix of fuzz-toned guitars, cheesy organ, vibraphone, flute, and some close harmony singing-all wrapped up in the pop/psychedelic sound of the era . That and the fact that their one hit record was sung by a non-band member (Chris Mumford from SHAPES OF SOUND), who was hanging around the studio that day. But all that adds up to some fun, cool music-even if it was a bit lightweight. But if you listen to "Unwind With The Clock", a jazzy instrumental/vocal (a track that is always left off compilations), or "The World's On Fire", you hear another side to this band-they had more chops than many thought.
"a party that offers real hope, that stands up for the poor and vulnerable, that puts growth at the heart of its agenda, that confronts privilege… [and will give the electorate] a real and vivid choice as to the future of our country, not one that leaves the electorate indifferent."
The way his left eyebrow seems to raise up and have a mind of it’s own.
West Virginia TV station WSAZ says 36-year-old Lacy -- whose dental hygiene leaves something to be desired by the looks of him -- told police he'd taken Lortab and Xanax the night of the sleepover.
I barely made it through the first night. My best friend Alexandra slept over and told me that every 15 minutes until morning I'd awake drenched in a cold sweat, screaming for Percocet. I had to switch to Oxycodone the next day to manage the pain. She stayed with me that whole week, as I was physically unable to even roll out of bed on my own, much less standing up. Walking to the bathroom 16 feet away was a team effort and took a solid 10 minutes. Mandatory bed rest ensued as I was at high risk to have a repeat ovarian torsion: My ovaries were still the size of grapefruits. I couldn't leave my apartment for two weeks and wasn't allowed to workout for a month following the ER trip.
Roger Tuivasa-Shecks’s replacement at fullback Tuimoala Lolohea left the field in the first half have with a knee injury and didn’t return.
Supercoaches who were keeping an eye out for Tuimoala Lolohea would have been bitterly disappointed, after the versatile back left the field injured and only managed 3 points before doing so.
*Aidan Guerra left the field for a concussion test but returned.
* Peter Mata’utia made his return to the Hunter after a few years with the Dragons and replaced his brother Pat at left centre. The match went poorly for the eldest of the Mata’utia clan and he scored just 16 before leaving the field.
* He’s been a SuperCoach stay away for a couple of years now, but Stewart managed a mighty 3 points before he left the field early in the second half.
* Kevin Naiqama was hit hard trying to make a tackle and left the field for a concussion test late in the match and didn’t return.
Frank-Paul Nuuausala has been left out of the team, with Paul Vaughan taking his spot at starting prop. As a result Clay Priest has been named on the Riaders bench to make his NRL debut.
* Titans lock Greg Bird left the field for a concussion test but returned soon after to help launch the Titans’ late surge.
Halfback Adam Reynolds left the field clutching his jaw at the 55th minute. Remarkably he demanded to return in the second half despite nursing a suspected fracture. Reynolds will undergo scans and know by Monday whether he has suffered a jaw fracture for the second time this season.
Andrew McCullough injured his left knee and didn’t return. Wayne Bennett said his rake had suffered a calf complaint with scans set to determine how long he would be sidelined. “There are is no medial or cruciate (knee) damage,” he said
In a huge blow to Hymel Hunt (6 points) owners, the centre left the field after only six minutes. He looked to have suffered a serious pec injury which is likely to result in a lengthy spell on the sideline.
For perspective on publishing dates, I was going to put in a timeline, but could only build a table…so let’s just call it a time-table. (Rimshot!) This is not meant to be an exhaustive list by any means, but a timeline to show where Memory, Sorrow & Thorn‘s publication dates sit relative to the other series discussed and relative to the first books of other fantasy series. Since this timeline starts with the 1950s (with the LOTR publications), it does leave out titles such as The Hobbit (1937) and the Gormenghast series by Mervyn Peake (starting with Titus Groan – 1946, Gormenghast – 1950 and Titus Alone – 1950) which Tad Williams sites as an influence.
Although lakes in southeastern North America are warming significantly slower than the global average, the most minute of temperature changes can be detrimental on a lake's ecosystem. Scientists predict algae blooms—which can leave lake water devoid of oxygen—will increase by 20 percent thanks to warming waters. Algae blooms, which are toxic to fish and other sea creatures, are projected to increase by five percent. Methane—25 times more powerful than carbon dioxide when studied across 100-year time scales, according to NASA—could increase by four percent throughout the next decade as well.
The Labour party is divided over the issue of where exactly they will find the ‘missing millions’ of voters that could prove the source future electoral success. Corbynistas advocate a view of their politics that is regenerative and reinvigorating, believing that their man has the capacity to capture voters that have simply disengaged with politics entirely. Their most vigorous opponents will offer a diametrically opposed opinion that portrays it as aggressive, uninhibited and self-marginalising. The Corbynite stance diverges, pivotally, from those that remain adherents of a Blairism that potentially remains valid in the post-Iraq War era. This politics views the centre ground as the critical vehicle of electability. At present, it remains unclear as to which side is more in sync with the trends that are yet to fully crystallise within British politics. There is evident uncertainty surrounding any identifiable resurgence of moderate left wing viewpoints (outside of the Corbyn bubble). This uncertainty leads people to defer simply to 'using what we currently know': supposedly, that centrist appeal wins elections. This buttresses the arguments of centrists in the short term. However, historic election results present some fascinating statistical variances that it is worth becoming reacquainted with.
Firstly, are there ‘missing millions’ out there? New Labour’s stunning initial electoral success, which was followed by dramatic drops in voters and falling turnout, suggests that there are: in 1997, the project secured endorsement from 13.52 million voters. Blairites frequently venture the mantra ‘played three, won three’ to emphasise the success of the electoral machine that Blair oversaw. But what escapes in such a simplistic summary is the fact that New Labour, when subsequent elections came around, was actually losing significant support throughout its entire period in office. It is the middle election (alas, like a middle child, so often forgotten) that is the most instructive. By 2001, with New Labour in its pomp (benefiting from the experience of governing and with Iraq, at that time, merely a generic foreign policy consideration), Blair managed the incredible feat of losing 2.8 million voters. By 2005, when New Labour won its third consecutive election, an additional 1.17 million voters had been lost – leaving only 9.55 million voters that were still on board. Granted, electoral performance would subside further with Gordon Brown at the helm (reaching a low of 8.61 million voters in 2010) resulting in the forfeiture of office before a small recovery by 2015 with Ed Miliband adding back in just under a million voters to secure an overall total of 9.35 million. Comparing the total number of Labour voters in 1997 against that of 2015 results in a net loss of 4.17 million. Lazier, or more politicised commentators, promulgate the view that New Labour’s electoral success was the result of a magic formula comprised of force of personality, political nous and the fabled spectrum shift away from the murky waters of the Left. This thesis doesn't sit comfortably with the factual reality that, in its prime (the 2001 election), New Labour was seeing voters desert it in the millions – a scenario that would be largely replicated in 2005 and 2010. Data indicates that not all of these voters could have been moderate Conservatives swayed in 1997 by Blair only to begin the slow march back to their more natural home over the course of subsequent elections. In fact, with regard to 1997, it is intriguing to observe the spectacular collapse in Conservative party votes from 14.09 million in 1992 to 9.6 million just five years later – a net loss of 4.49 million voters. It is a statistical impossibility for New Labour to have absorbed this total – given that their net increase in votes between 1992 and 1997 was ‘just’ 1.96 million voters (even in 1992, they had a surprisingly strong base of 11.56 million voters). At best, should centrists wish to claim that, in 1997, Blair was the architect of a decisive switch in traditional Conservative voting mindset and attribute all 1.96 million additional voters won to this, it would still leave 2.53 million Conservative voters (from 1992) unaccounted for. Where did they go?
For decades, seats in the New York State Legislature have traded hands this way in what amounts to one of the last, most powerful vestiges of Tammany Hall-style politics in the state. Election laws here grant politicians and local party bosses and county committees vast sway in picking candidates when legislators leave office in the middle of their term — whether they retire early, pass away, depart for another job or are carted away in handcuffs.
And the Bush Administration? Holy shit! They were tickled pink! Not only would the US get to make tons of money on selling India nuke secrets and fuel, but US corporations were going to be getting a hefty share of building the nuke plants to boot! And the US really wants the growing Indian economy to produce its own fuel….thereby lessening its demand for world oil…lower Indian demand means more left over for us! At cheaper prices too! President Bush whipped up this agreement overnight, got it passed by Congress and signed it into law in a hot shit minute. The IAEA was working out the details, and all that was left to do was have the Indians formally sign the treaty. Let’s get this game on! Win-win-win baby!
Bush left office in January 2009 with very low poll numbers. But according to a recent CNN/ORC International survey, his favorable rating now stands at 46%, up 11 percentage points over the past five and a half years. His favorable rating, according to the CNN poll, is now on par with Obama.
Still, the movement's message and popularity have left an indelible mark on the Republican Party, whose leaders underestimated the anger in their base over illegal immigration. The GOP, which at the time was considering legislation to legalize undocumented immigrants in a version of Ronald Reagan's 1986 immigration reform law, rejected the popular movement at first. President George W. Bush dismissed the Minutemen as "vigilantes," while Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Robert Bonner said he worried the volunteers would get hurt or hurt illegal immigrants.
Another Occupy Oakland witness, a female street medic, wrote of the ill-conceived November 2 late-night antics, “watching black bloc-ers run from the cops and not protect the camp their actions had endangered, an action which ultimately left behind many mentally ill people, sick people, street kids, and homeless folks to defend themselves against the police onslaught was disturbing and disgusting in ways I can't even articulate because I am still so angry at the empty bravado and cowardice that I saw.” She adds, “I want those kids to be held accountable to the damage that they did, damage made possible by their class and race privilege.” And physical fitness; Occupy Oakland’s camp includes children, older people, wheelchair users and a lot of other people less ready to run.
Duck-tales, Woohoo! Who can forget that classic theme right? This game attempts to build on the NES game it is based on, however it isn’t quite as well done as some other retro game re-imaginings in the past few years. The first issue, is that its feet seem to be rested fully in nostalgia. If you loved this game when you were little then you’ll love it now, but a newcomer may be more wary. The graphics and sound are clearly beautiful, however it will not leave much of a mark on history due to its fun but average gameplay.
Nano Assault Neo is one of those games that is perfect to be a digital game. It’s not very long, but it is well made, and is visceral action-based fun. You control your ship with the left analogue, and the direction you shoot with the right, and along the way pick up power-ups and ‘satellites’ which add smaller ships that accompany yours. You fight on weird shaped cells that are meant to be inside a body, and it works well enough. The only issue you’ll find is the camera tends to lag behind and not be able to keep up with the action – and in the heat of the moment this can be a problem. This is a pulse-pounding pick up and play game, that is somewhat let down by its length. Worth a pickup.
What is blocking these reforms? Politics. Every preference and loophole in the tax code is defended by an army of lawyers and lobbyists paid for by the firms that benefit from it. Campaign contributions and super-PACs (corruption American style) reinforce the effect. The only firms and individuals left paying the full statutory tax rates are the politically powerless. Yet office seekers, with complete shamelessness, try to bring them on board, too, by flattering them as ‘job creators’ and promising them unspecified and unaffordable across-the-board rate cuts.
In popular culture within the United States, snake oil is particularly renowned to be a commodity peddled at American Old West-themed medicine shows, although the judgment condemning snake oil as medicine took place in Rhode Island, and involved snake oil manufactured in Massachusetts.[7] The snake oil peddler is a stock character in Western movies, depicted as a traveling "doctor" with dubious credentials, selling fake medicines with boisterous marketing hype, often supported by pseudo-scientific evidence. To increase sales, an accomplice in the crowd (a shill) will often attest to the value of the product in an effort to provoke buying enthusiasm. The "doctor" will leave town before his customers realize they have been cheated.[2] This practice has wide-ranging implications, and is known as a confidence trick, a type of fraud. This particular confidence trick is purported to have been a common mechanism utilized by peddlers in order to sell various counterfeit and generic medications at medicine shows.
One of the most complex things to understand in all of this is what exactly Milk Life provides, or put another way, what their purpose is in the sea of milk-based organizations. Their website leaves a lot to be desired, and on the surface is not exactly representative of an organization I would expect to have enough funding to be a sponsor of a major sporting event like the Olympics.
The slugfest between state Sen. Kurt Schaefer and political novice Josh Hawley, a University of Missouri law professor on leave to campaign, has become expensive, bankrolled by mega-donors. Hawley’s bid has received more than $2.2 million from southwestern Missouri businessman David Humphreys and his family, while retired St. Louis investor Rex Sinquefield has given more than $750,000 directly to Schaefer’s campaign after he announced plans to run for the office in 2013. Political action committees financially supported by Sinquefield have given Schaefer more than $2 million in cash and in-kind contributions.
If by the ‘divine order’ is meant the causal laws created by God, then it would always be wrong to contravene these laws for the sake of our own happiness. But clearly it is not wrong, since God frequently permits us to contravene these laws, for he does not expect us not to respond to disease or other calamities. Therefore, there is not apparent justification, as Hume put it, for God’s permitting us to disturb nature in some circumstances but not in others. Just as God permits us to divert rivers for irrigation, so too ought he permit us to divert blood from our veins. If by ‘divine order’ is meant the natural laws God has willed for us, which are (a) discerned by reason, (b) such that adherence to them will produce our happiness, then why should not suicide conform to such laws when it appears rational to us that the balance of our happiness is best served by dying? Finally if by ‘divine order’ is meant simply that which occurs according to God’s consent, then God appears to consent to all our actions (since an omnipotent God can presumably intervene in our acts at any point) and no distinction exists between those of our actions to which God consents and those to which He does not. If God has placed us upon the Earth like a “sentinel,” then our choosing to leave this post and take our lives occurs as much with his cooperation as with any other act we perform.
Libertarianism typically asserts that the right to suicide is a right of noninterference, to wit, that others are morally barred from interfering with suicidal behavior. Some assert the stronger claim that the right to suicide is a liberty right, such that individuals have no duty to forego suicide (i.e., that suicide violates no moral duties), or a claim right, according to which other individuals may be morally obliged not only not to interfere with a person’s suicidal behavior but to assist in that behavior. (See the entry on rights.) Our having a claim right to suicide implies that we also have rights of noninterference and of liberty and is a central worry about physician-assisted suicide (Pabst Battin 1996, 163–164). Since whether we have a liberty right to suicide concerns whether it violates other moral obligations, including obligations to other people, I shall leave discussion of that issue to section 3.5 and focus here on whether there is a right of noninterference. (Whether suicidal individuals have a claim right to others’ assistance is addressed in section 3.8.)
No doubt the suicide of a family member or loved one produces a number of harmful psychological and economic effects. In addition to the usual grief, suicide “survivors” confront a complex array of feelings. Various forms of guilt are quite common, such as that arising from (a) the belief that one contributed to the suicidal person’s anguish, or (b) the failure to recognize that anguish, or (c) the inability to prevent the suicidal act itself. Suicide also leads to rage, loneliness, and awareness of vulnerability in those left behind. Indeed, the sense that suicide is an essentially selfish act dominates many popular perceptions of suicide (Fedden 1938, 209). Still, some of these reactions may be due to the strong stigma and shame associated with suicide, in which case these reactions cannot, without logical circularity, be invoked in arguments that suicide is wrong because it produces these psychological reactions (Pabst Battin 1996, 68–69). Suicide can also cause clear economic or material harm, as when the suicidal person leaves behind dependents unable to support themselves financially. Suicide can therefore be understood as a violation of the distinctive “role obligations” applicable to spouses, parents, caretakers, and loved ones. However, even if suicide is harmful to family members or loved ones, this does not support an absolute prohibition on suicide, since some suicides will not leave survivors, and among those that do, the extent of these harms is likely to differ such that the stronger these relationships are, the more harmful suicide is and the more likely it is to be morally wrong. Besides, from a utilitarian perspective, these harms would have to be weighed against the harms done to the would-be suicide by continuing to live a difficult or painful life. At most, the argument that suicide is a harm to family and to loved ones establishes that it is sometimes wrong (Cholbi 2011, 62–64).
Khloe was my dog from the start. I was about 10 or 11 years old when he joined my life, and from the start we were connected. Khloe, when left without me at my sister's apartment, would pace and search for me and refuse to eat. And I … well, being young and loving this dog so much already, threw a fit about him not living with me. Eventually he became mine. Somehow, I think he knew I needed him.
He loved to run. Anywhere he could be off leash was paradise for him. The first time he went to the family cabin, he ran around so much he made me scared that he was going to take off and not come back! I came to find out that he'd never go far, though. Even when we came across deer in the woods that he wanted to chase, he wouldn't leave me.
His last couple of days he was so exhausted, but he couldn't seem to get comfortable... You could hear him cry very softly as he breathed. The vet finally got back to me about his test results. His parathyroid levels were normal, which left the only other cause to cancer. She said we could pursue it and try to find the cancer (we had absolutely no idea where it was or anything like that) ... I don't think he was strong enough, even if we were to find the cancer, to undergo treatments or surgery at that point. He was shutting down. He had lost weight, the muscles on his shoulders were sunken in ... Being at the vet made him miserable anyway - his poor nose was rubbed raw from his stay at the emergency vet and I was told he wouldn't stop barking. I felt that would be cruel to put him through that. I couldn't let him suffer any more.
As you fill the bottles, keep the end of the siphon tube near the bottom of the bottle to avoid frothing. It is essential that the bottles are not completely filled: leave an airspace. Screw the caps on tightly. Invert each bottle and shake to dissolve sugar on the bottom. Set bottles in a warm area for the first few days, then store in a dark, cool spot. You can drink the beer within a few days of bottling, but it will improve with age.
Evans, Faulk and Taylor have been suspended by NFL Network, while a spokesman for Simmons' The Ringer told USA TODAY Sports in a statement that Weinberger has been placed on leave pending an investigation.
Could it be because of Iger’s concern that the optics of suspending Hill, who is black, for criticizing President Trump; could be interpreted as Iger siding with Trump against a black female employee? Which would leave his Democrat primary opponents with a strong and heavy argument that he’s not the right candidate to protect black people from the “cruel and racist” Republicans?
The world kind of forgot how great Claire Danes was. It took about four hours for her to solidify her role as the most believably crazy protagonist on television. Watching Carrie flounder in a world that doesn’t understand her condition leaves users feeling hopelessly anxious, an uncomfortably addictive feeling reminiscent of watching chunks of 24. Why can’t Carrie just get her shit together? Who knew a genius way of playing that tiresome convention of ‘crazy person was right all along!’ could be heightened so well simply by making said person actually batshit insane.
Fast-forward one year and we now have a son and I don't have a life any more. Previously, existence was about going to the pub, meeting women and working to pay for the above. Now I work to support my partner and child, and it's awful. Perhaps the cruellest part of it is that if my son wasn't around, my partner wouldn't be in the picture either. I would have left her ages ago. We weren't particularly compatible, except in bed, and now even that has dried up. I was attracted to her because she was young and silly and carefree. Now she's young and resentful and a nag. We're still together because I would feel like a bastard if I left her.
Historically, Wonder Woman's origin is as the only daughter of Queen Hippolyta of Themyscira, a hidden island ruled by the immortal, all-female Amazons of Greek mythology. As the story goes, Hippolyta desired a child so strongly that the goddesses of the Greek pantheon took pity on her, and brought the clay child she had crafted to life. The child, Diana, was raised by the Amazons and eventually left Themyscira to guide Man's World to a better way.
"The danger in partial link saturation attacks is not the ‘denial of service’ as the acronym describes, but the attack itself," according Dave Larson, COO Corero Network Security. “The attack is designed to leave just enough bandwidth available for other sophisticated multi-vector attacks with data exfiltration as the main objective, to fly in under the radar, while the distracting DDoS attack consumes resources."
Onlookers said Schumer was incensed that Hilary — the daughter of William S. Paley, the founder and chairman of CBS — had voted for Trump, even though her husband, Joseph, is a well-known Democrat. One witness said of the restaurant rant, “They are a highly respected couple, and Schumer made a scene, yelling, ‘She voted for Trump!’ The Califanos left the restaurant, but Schumer followed them outside.” On the sidewalk, Schumer carried on with his fantastical filibuster: “ ‘How could you vote for Trump? He’s a liar!’ He kept repeating, ‘He’s a liar!’ ”
Here we describe new cranial material referable to R. sakalavae and consisting of an almost complete right premaxilla, the rostral half of a left dentary, a maxillary fragment with diagnostic teeth, and a very large isolated tooth crown. In addition, we tentatively refer to the same taxon five cranial fragments that were likely collected at the same locality. This new material greatly improves our knowledge on the cranial anatomy of this species, permitting us to: (1) clarify some previously uncertain features of the holotype due to its fragmentary nature; (2) make more in-depth anatomical comparisons with members of Crocodylomorpha and Theropoda, definitely ruling out it pertaining to the latter group; (3) test the phylogenetic relationships of the species and shed light on the evolutionary history and paleobiogeography of Notosuchia; (4) attempt a cranial reconstruction; and (5) confirm previous remarks on its paleobiology.
Identical counterlateral copies, 3-D printed from CT data, of the left dentary (MHNT.PAL.2012.6.1) and right premaxilla (MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2) herein described, rearticulated with the original specimens. The perfect occlusion of the two bones, in medial (A) as well as in ventral (B) views, unequivocally demonstrates that MHNT.PAL.2012.6.1 and MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2 pertain to the same individual. Scale bar = 5 cm. Abbreviations: see text.
Computed tomography (CT) of the two most important referred specimens was performed at the Radiology Department, Spedali Civili di Brescia, Italy, with a Siemens Dual Source Scanner SOMATOM Definition Flash CT. Analysis and post-processing were performed at Siemens Milano, Italy, with a SyngoVia post-processing system using the Region Growing Algorithm to segment volumes and visualize internal anatomical structures. The CT data of the right premaxilla and left dentary were also used to print life-size identical counterlateral bones in 3-D, permitting us to rearticulate them and verify their juxtaposition at jaws closed ( Fig. 2 ). This revealed that the labial margin of the dentary perfectly fits the rim of the medial neurovascular groove of the premaxilla, and that the rostral tip of the dentary symphysis fits the descending margin of the interpremaxillary suture. Moreover, the premaxilla has a bony palate overhanging the edentulous tip of the dentary, leaving no space for any teeth, and two large notches just in front of the first and second dentary alveolus, which accommodated enormous teeth erupting from the dentary. In ventral view, the curvature of the labial sides of the two bones are identical. Moreover, the sutures of the counterlateral bones are correctly aligned along the medial sagittal plane. The perfect occlusion of the two bones demonstrates unequivocally that MHNT.PAL.2012.6.1 and MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2 pertain to the same individual.
The most relevant material described here consists of an almost complete right premaxilla, the rostral half of a left dentary, and a very large isolated tooth crown. The first two specimens belong to the same individual (see below) and are deposited at the Muséum d’Histoire Naturelle de Toulouse under catalogue numbers MHNT.PAL.2012.6.1 (dentary) and MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2 (premaxilla). They were collected by the assistant director of technical services of Société Sucrière de la Mahavavy (D Descouens, pers. comm., 2012) between 1972 and 1974 in the surroundings of Ambondromamy ( Fig. 1 ), the same locality of the Mahajanga Basin that yielded the holotype of R. sakalavae ( Maganuco, Dal Sasso & Pasini, 2006 ) and the sauropod Archaeodontosaurus ( Buffetaut, 2005 ). The specimens were exported from Madagascar under authorization No. 1702 and 2547 of the Mines and Energy Directorate, Ministry of Economy and Finance. Recent careful preparation allowed the specimens to be recognized as belonging to the enigmatic species Razanandrongobe sakalavae . In April 2012, they were acquired by the Muséum d’Histoire Naturelle de Toulouse from the private collection of D Descouens, together with six other cranial fragments anatomically reminiscent of R. sakalavae (catalogued as MHNT.PAL.2012.6.3 to 8) that were collected from an indeterminate Malagasy locality. Of the latter, the largest bone pieces are spongier and more friable, with residual patches of smoothed matrix (possibly due to recent chemical preparation); the smallest pieces are proportionally heavier, denser, whitish, and polished (which suggests prolonged exposure to air and sunlight).
In medial and ventral views, two subcircular paramedian depressions are visible, corresponding to the tip of the mesialmost dentary tooth crowns at jaws closed. The bone wall at one depression is damaged, revealing a well-developed replacement tooth. Dorsal to these depressions is the surface for contact with the palatal portion of the maxilla, namely the rostral portion of the maxillary bony palate. Rostrally, this palatal shelf did not reach the symphysis between the two premaxillae, but instead left an open space in the palate (the incisive foramen) bordered rostrally and laterally by the premaxillae. A subtriangular notch for the premaxillary peg of the maxilla is visible dorsal to the depression hosting the dentary teeth. The rest of the premaxillomaxillary suture is almost flat. There is no lateral groove in the premaxilla for reception of a hypertrophied lower caniniform tooth.
The apertura nasi ossea (often improperly called the external naris, which instead refers to the fleshy nostril) is bordered caudolaterally and ventrally by the premaxilla, and dorsally—in all likelihood—by the nasal, whereas rostromedially it clearly lacks any trace of a dorsally directed nasal process along the medial sagittal plane. Therefore, the left and right aperturae nasi osseae did not only face rostrally, but were also confluent medially.
Dentary, MHNT.PAL.2012.6.1 (Fig. 4 and Table 1). The left dentary is incomplete caudally. In lateral view, its maximum dorsoventral depth/height (13 cm) is at the level of alveolus 3. The bone then tapers caudally up to the level of alveolus 6, where the dorsal and ventral margins become almost parallel. There is no constriction at or near the mandibular symphysis along the lateral margin. The rostral edge of the symphysis forms an angle of about 50° with the ventral margin of the dentary. The preserved portion of the dentary bears eight large mandibular teeth; however, none can be considered a hypertrophied caniniform tooth. The size of the alveoli varies along the tooth row. Based on alveolar diameter, the mesial teeth are the largest, numbers 4 and 5 slightly decreasing in size; from 6 onward, their size is constantly half the diameter of alveoli 2 and 3. The position of the first alveolus indicates that the tip of the lower jaw is edentulous. Of the eight tooth positions, number 1 is represented by an empty alveolus, number 6 by a replacement tooth erupting from its alveolus, number 7 by a longitudinally broken and empty crown, numbers 2, 4, and 6 by broken crowns without apex, and only numbers 3 and 5 by almost complete crowns.
Premaxillary fragment, MHNT.PAL.2012.6.4 (Figs. 5I–5J). This is a small fragment of bone with three half-sections of alveoli, the middle one still housing a tooth root, broken longitudinally and with the pulp cavity exposed. Orienting the alveoli vertically, the external wall can be seen divided into a rugose dorsal portion and a smoother ventral portion; the latter continues caudodorsally, curving inward into a concave area. By comparison with specimen MHNT.PAL.2012.6.3, we interpret this concave area as a caudolateral tract of the apertura nasi ossea, and the smooth ventral portion as part of the perinarial fossa. Therefore, this bone fragment likely comes from a left premaxilla.
I only ask of the Government to be treated as all other men are treated. If I cannot go to my own home, let me have a home in a country where my people will not die so fast. I would like to go to Bitter Root Valley. There my people would be happy; where they are now they are dying. Three have died since I left my camp to come to Washington.
"Walking away from the Clean Power Plan and other climate initiatives... is not just irresponsible — it is irrational," Carper said. "With the world watching, President Trump and Administrator (Scott) Pruitt have chosen to shirk our responsibility, disregard clear science, and undo the significant progress our country has made to ensure we leave a better, more sustainable planet for generations to come."
They're an experienced team, the three of them. The driver has barely stopped, and already the security guard has grabbed a child from the crowd on the left and is holding it up for the pope. The pontiff bends over, kisses the child -- and then it's over.
Brandmüller isn't the only person to have his doubts. Meanwhile, Francis works restlessly, like someone who doesn't have much time left to implement his plan. After morning mass he eats breakfast with the faithful. Then, in the morning, he makes his way through administrative meetings with Gänswein in the palace, and after a brief afternoon break, dedicates himself to the truly revolutionary part of his daily routine: his off-the-record meetings with the public, which he organizes by circumventing the Curia, using his phone, pen and paper himself.
. While we have gone off an older version, purchasing either GM Studio or GM 8.1 will allow us to not only have increased performance, but Quality assurance! Any left over money will be spent on improving and refining the game to be as good as possible.
Only one full-time starter, senior cornerback Doran Grant (58 tackles, 3 interceptions), returns from a season ago – and he'll need to play like a stopper, as he should. The defensive hero of last year's victory against Michigan, sophomore Tyvis Powell (48 tackles), will assume the vacant spot at strong safety; he's a really nice player, one I think will acclimate well to the starting role after spending last season as the Buckeyes' primary nickel back. That leaves OSU will six or seven bodies jostling for two spots, with little separation even as the defense ramps up its preparation for Navy. If push came to shove, I'd put sophomore Vonn Bell at free safety – though he could also set up shop at nickel back – and the combination of junior Armani Reeves and redshirt freshman Eli Apple at cornerback. But it looks very much like a fluid situation. Question how quickly Ash can reach this group, but don't sleep on the overall talent.
Offensive line: It's all a little dicey, to be honest, but let's pay some respect to line coach Ed Warinner, who put together one of the program's finest groups in a decade-plus a season ago. He'll eventually get the line moving forward, it's safe to say, but I worry a touch about the unit's general cohesiveness heading into the opener. The anchor will be junior Taylor Decker, who makes the shift from right to left tackle as Jack Mewhort's replacement – and Mewhort was awesome as a senior. Beyond producing at an all-conference clip on the new quarterback's blind side, Decker needs to embrace the leadership mantle shared by three productive seniors a year ago.
Two other spots are settled, both on the strong side. Right guard belongs to Pat Elflein, an impressive third-year sophomore who fared well when given the opportunity a season ago. He'll line up alongside senior Darryl Baldwin, last year's understudy on the blind side; OSU is hopeful he'll be up to the task, even if Chase Farris and Kyle Dodson sit in reserve. That leaves a pair of very intriguing competitions, at center and left guard. It's not a bad situation in the middle: Jacoby Boren and Alabama transfer Chad Lindsay give OSU two nice options, with the potential for one to shift to guard in a pinch – though neither has the size to really excel away from center. But that's on the table, if only slightly, due to the Buckeyes' lack of proven production at left guard. Trust in Warinner and trust in the scheme, yeah, but OSU needs to get on the same page.
The rest is expected to leave the country by the end of April, the global chemical weapons watchdog added in a report to the UN, reported AP. The total amount of chemicals either removed or already destroyed inside Syria is 53.6 percent.
Santiago Cáseres 25/02/1997 Villarreal Defensive midfield Cáseres was quietly one of the breakthrough players in last season’s Primera and was astutely snapped up by Villarreal in the summer for a fee in the region of €8.5 million. A promising start to life in Spain was brought to a halt with an injury against Girona but the 21-year-old defensive midfielder has bounced back strongly to pick up where he left off. A number 5 in the classic Argentinian mould, Cáseres is strong in the tackle and boasts great defensive positioning but also uses the ball extremely well at the base of midfield. In a struggling Vélez side he averaged 87.6% pass completion and has improved further on that since his move with 91% in La Liga and 95% in the Europa League. Had it not been for his untimely injury he surely would have been in the running for a national team call up and is certainly seen as someone who should be challenging for a place anchoring the Selección midfield in the near future. #argentina #football #futbol #soccer #footballplayer #footballteam #instagood #instapic #golazopic #golazo50 #footballfans
I recently gave a presentation using this data at the Technology Cooperative and will probably be doing this talk a few more times (it’s more than just stats). Initially I planned on keeping the data semi-private out of concerns on how Kickstarter might react. Recent articles such as this infographic and sites like KickTraq have so far been left alone by Kickstarter, so I feel comfortable in publishing my own efforts.
Most of those projects raised 150% of their goal (I left off the sub $500 level because the numbers are wacky when you have a $20 goal). It’s not a guarantee, but it’s nice to know when you’re loved, you’re really loved.
One bit that we should have spent more time on before publishing: clearly labeling the years. We originally put the year labels directly below the tick, but there was a lot of confusion over Obama getting credit/blame for Bush’s last year in office. Moving the year labels to the left of the tick clarified that the data points were for values at the end of the year.
Possibly the most rewritten thing I’ve ever worked on. Kevin and Josh sketched out a version of the quiz where you clicked on the chart to place characters. To make the interaction more intuitive, Gregor tweaked their code to use the HTML Drag and Drop API. Kevin had some ideas for making the dragging feel like a native app that weren’t doable without finer control. Gregor had just left for vacation, so I hacked together a version with d3-drag… and left for vacation.
I took a couple days the week after to rewrite in regl. Includes my right to left time scale (so the westward paths don’t invert) and line to scatter transition that were just a little too confusing to publish.
With a bandana on her head and a three-month-old baby at her feet, Azeb Brahana stands in the gardens of Catania’s train station and looks a little lost. The 25-year-old Eritrean left her country in 2012, aware, she says, that the life she wanted was not possible in a country with mandatory national service. To get here, she says, she worked for a year in Sudan and endured months in a Libyan jail, where the United Nations estimates thousands of refugees and migrants are being held in deplorable conditions. It was in prison that Brahana gave birth to her son, and it is because of him that she is determined to make it, finally, to a place of safety and stability. “Somewhere I can live with my baby, happy,” she says. Somehow, though, despite all that she has been through, that still feels like a very distant dream.
NGOs on the ground say greater coordination is desperately needed in order to facilitate swift transfers to appropriate reception structures throughout Italy. “We continue to talk of an emergency about migrants … It’s not possible to talk about an “emergency” after 20 years,” says Valastro. “So we need to have a plan.” There are concerns that if the ad-hoc strategy continues and worsens through the summer, the social tensions that as yet have remained mild may be exacerbated. In Librino, a neglected part of Catania where a sports hall has been used as a temporary reception centre, the authorities moved the migrants to another hall, reportedly following concern from locals. But, surveying the scene at the Palanitta – a mass of unkempt mattresses, discarded clothes and other detritus lying between two redundant goalposts – one local is still angry. “This is what we’re left with,” he says, declining to give his name. “This is the only place where the children of this neighbourhood can come and play sport; now look at it. OK, there are going to be these boat landings. But there should be proper places for them to go. They can’t just pick a place like this and say: that one.”
"We don't leave anything out anymore," she said. "But we don't mind. We like Dusty."
After this we will perform fetch chunks of data through scroll api.Scroll api of ES provides effective way to paginate over selected data.Each call to the scroll API returns the next batch of results until there are no more results left to return, ie the hits array is empty.The initial search request and each subsequent scroll request returns a new _scroll_id — only the most recent _scroll_id should be used for retrieve current page data.for this i have created scrollFetch() method.for more information about Scroll API here
Much of the attention last week at USA Basketball camp in Las Vegas was on the return of Derrick Rose, his play and his health, which seems strong. The offseason Bulls story was Carmelo Anthony and Kevin Love, which transitioned to the signings of Pau Gasol and Nikola Mirotic. Not exactly lost in all of that, but left behind, was the draft day trade to acquire the rights to Creighton shooting forward Doug McDermott for two first round draft picks and two seconds.
“He rarely messes up,” said Rose. “He never pushes the issue, I would say. He never tries things he can’t do. He knows exactly what type of play he wants. For me, I need him because you can’t leave him. He has a lot of confidence in his shot, and he works on his shot every day. When I was playing with him while we were back in Chicago, I had to tell him whenever he’s open, I’m passing him the ball and he better shoot or I’m going to yell at him every time. If you can shoot, you can fit in.”
“This year I’m doing a better job rebounding and defending,” McDermott said before leaving camp the end of last week. “Maybe not getting as many open looks as last year, but I am making the most of them, making better reads off screens, trying to improve in different areas. Not just shooting. Whether I’m getting the shot or not, I’m getting a lot of attention on the screens because guys view me as a shooter. It leaves open areas for other guys.
Yet Desai’s story is one of few about minority ethnic women that the left properly remembers. Perhaps that’s because there is a shortage of stories where Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) take centre stage, but even if that is the case, we should ask why.
Women of colour, their contributions and the particular forms of discrimination they face are all too often sidelined by the left and by mainstream politics more broadly. Just two weeks before we all came together on International Women’s Day to embrace feminism, Labour MP Dawn Butler laid bare the ugly realities women of colour face on a daily basis. After stepping into the members’ only lift in Parliament, one of her fellow MPs turned to curtly reprimand her: “This lift really isn’t for cleaners”. The assumption: Butler as a black woman must be a cleaner. No way could she be an MP. Diane Abbott, the first black woman MP, has spoken of similar experiences.
When the malice of racism and sexism is exposed in this way, the magnitude of the response is often great. Social media exploded in outrage and disbelief. But the system that produced this discrimination is left unchecked. Women of colour are more likely to be poorer and less healthy than their white counterparts. That’s not just an accident or an unfortunate outcome of sexism; it’s bound up with the racism. Racism and sexism: that’s what minority ethnic women in Britain have to deal with every day.
Jayaben Desai’s story is a powerful reminder that women of colour are not just passive victims, as politicians like David Cameron would have us believe, or abstract voters groups to be tapped into when an election rolls around. The thirteen minority ethnic women who are Labour MPs, countless councillors, Labour peers, and huge numbers of women of colour in the labour movement and the broader left wing movement who help to keep it alive. Yet they are rarely given attention for a substantial amount of time. Their experiences and views should be essential to the left-wing feminist movement because in the words of Flavia Dzodan: “My feminism will be intersectional or it will be bullshit.”
The odor-removal process. (This also strips away what was left of the old wax)
Abu ‘Ubaydah narrated that al-Hasan al-Basri said: One of the signs of Allaah’s turning away from a man is that he becomes involved in that which does not concern him, as a sign that Allaah, may He be glorified and exalted, has left him to his own devices.
As the Roman Empire collapsed and slowly became obsolete, its components became increasingly independent of each other and fractured. In the large scheme of things, the exit of Britain from the European Union is beginning to look like one of the final blows to the old British Empire, which had regained some momentum as English became a dominant second language in Europe in recent decades. Brexit now leaves Europe with less than one percent of English speakers, and feels like a huge chuck of ice breaking off and leaving Greenland or Antarctica: it’s an event that triggers a long-term paradigm shift that is not immediately evident.
They've completed the "contenders" portion of their schedule and all that remains is the "Waiting on Secaucus" segment, as every team left is lottery bound, throwing out and trying out different lineups for the rest of the season to give young players time to play and explore—similar to when the Bulls trotted out every available player for a stretch and looked like a mess a couple weeks back.
Also in the package were loads of warhead sour sweets. I've left a handful in the staff room at work to see what everyone else thinks. They are pretty powerful.
As crowdfunding becomes more accepted, it’s moving into new areas. One with a lot of promise: commercial real estate, where deals under $10 million are not worth the efforts of big investors, says Dan Miller, co-founder of Fundrise. These large investors do not want to have a lot of “$1 million investments, they won’t be able to manage it.” That has left an opening for crowdfunding firms like his. In this Knowledge@Wharton interview, Miller explains how his firm has exploited it.
Addendum 2488-Alpha: Original Containment Procedures Hide Addendum CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES, 1933 TO 1939 At least ten Foundation personnel are to be planted within Safety Harbor, Florida, while SCP-2488 persists. Investigations into the Safety Harbor Milk Delivery Service are considered top priority during SCP-2488 containment. However, the Second Life Labor Service is also to be implemented, in order to attempt to normalize life in Safety Harbor, while accounting for SCP-2488's effects. Census information from Safety Harbor is to be supplied remotely by Foundation personnel during containment development. Anyone attempting to enter Safety Harbor or approach it will be deterred by Foundation personnel posing as National Guard. The official cover story during containment is to establish that the area is currently undergoing sensitive relations with Native American peoples. Similarly, those who attempt to leave Safety Harbor are to be deterred with the news that nearby areas are undergoing conflict with Native American peoples. If interest in the cover story is generated in public media outside of Safety Harbor, Foundation personnel are to immediately repress emphasis on the town. Interests are instead to be directed towards northern regions of Florida as much as possible. DISCOVERY: SCP-2488 was first noted by a local publication claiming an uprising of the undead in west central Florida. The article, once investigated, was covered a second time in the same publication, and explained as a hoax. Peoples attempting to investigate Safety Harbor for themselves were deterred as the Foundation initiated investigation. The initial questioning of the mayor of Safety Harbor, Jackson Burk, led to the knowledge of a recent act of vandalism. The town's local Native American burial mound had been disturbed and laced with various litter as a rebellious act, in consequence of a newly established curfew. All the litter from the surface and first ten centimeters of the mound was removed, but it was otherwise left undisturbed during the investigation.
Addendum 2488-Beta: Miscellaneous Recovered Documents Hide Addendum DOCUMENT 2488 15-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall Meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting transcript implies that this was the first encounter with the anomaly related to SCP-2488. Several moments of hysteria among attendees broke out during the course of the meeting, calling for the mayor to sequester the newly reanimated subjects. It was, however, the sentiment of a small group of attendees that this was a newly raised opportunity from God. This group was later identified as members of the Safety Harbor Christian Chapel. Citizens of Safety Harbor agreed to isolate recently dead persons in a location that supposedly no longer exists. At the time, it was used as a general storage area for the town, near the western limit. Reanimated persons were to be held here until their second expiration. A rotating one-month cleanout process was established. DOCUMENT 2488 17-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Safety Harbor Chapel board meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting's transcript implies some disagreement over the board's stance on the reanimated subjects. The discussed religious implications mostly resulted in dissent and disagreement among members, some of which opposed the confinement of reanimated persons. By the end of the meeting, no official verdict was established. DOCUMENT 2488 23-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall meeting, circa early 1934 This is the third documented meeting solely on the topic of SCP-2488 events. Citizens show less aversion to reanimated subjects than before, after discussion of recent events. According to the transcript, a group of citizens (mostly from two of the town's larger families) broke into the warehouse and freed their reanimated relatives. After most reanimated persons had left the premise, a large procession was held for the proper burial of those who had experienced their second expiration. A mob of other citizens gathered to re-contain reanimated persons. It was at this time that Foundation personnel stepped in, suggesting that reanimated persons may not be inherently violent or ill-willed, like many held as a preconceived notion. During this night, after a Foundation-facilitated agreement was made between a significant portion of the town, the first "grave parties" were held. Although the original intent was a small town gathering the following day, the expiration of several reanimated persons led to their burial during the festivities, which initiated a newly found notion of "grave parties". DOCUMENT 2488 34-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Mayor Burk's self-presented eulogy, circa late 1935 The eulogy delivered by Mayor Burk, apparently while standing on a podium over his self-dug grave, summarizes events since the beginning of SCP-2488 manifestation events. (This also marked the beginning of the tradition for reanimated subjects to dig their own graves, which was integrated as a part of "grave parties".) The presence of reanimated subjects at this time is considered a normal occurrence in Safety Harbor, and the original misgivings of citizens are restated. Despite the fear, and the destruction of the original town hall during the first reanimation event, Safety Harbor is summarized as showing immense growth, especially with the construction of a new town hall in early 1934, by reanimated subjects and living subjects alike. After delivering this eulogy, the "grave party" ensued until Mayor Burk stated a slowly approaching weakness coming over him, at which point he was lowered into his grave, and the celebration continued with a ceremonial filling of the grave and a second dessert course.
It wasn't high on the list of priorities, but as a National Historical Landmark site, we had to check it out. With the initial readings, the metal detectors, the sonic detection membranes, radiation counters, we weren't getting anything more than old coins and a few rusty nails. There was only one thing left to go through, and that was the burial mound. The Tocobaga people supposedly resided here, some long time ago. Way before the town was officially established. We had to set up this blinded pavilion around it, to make sure no one was suspicious of it, and we roped off the area. After the local government was ensured we wouldn't meddle with things, and we established a cover story for the removal of invasive plant species, we were going through it. It wasn't potentially destructive root systems that we found down there, though. Along with the decomposed remains of a supposed Tocobaga native, we found a milk bottle. We can't make heads or tails of it. There's some further investigation going into it now. The brains over at 147 think they've found some sort of radiation coming off of it that's interfering with most of our investigation into it, but we're trying to see if we can glean much else. So far, everything has been negligible. We did a bit of research into the Tocobaga people. Records indicate that they were driven from the area by the Spanish around 1528, and left behind this burial mound. It was once a place of ceremony, where the native people could celebrate various events - among them was death, which, according to recovered artifacts, was seen as a passing on rather than a final ending for life. They had this belief of ancestral spirits - once their elders died, the elders' spirits would remain to assist the living in intangible ways, and watch over them. The Tocobaga people, those that survived, dispersed among the population. We couldn't find much on what the few survivors did as they moved on, but we did find one document. In one of the smaller heritage sites near the edge of town, there were some documents, journals, that implied that the resident had some native heritage in them. There were many indications that not only was this individual important in the preservation of this site, but also that they visited it, on a daily basis, early in the morning, following the vandalism. The individual's documents end abruptly in November of 1939, which correlates to some of the approximate ending dates for SCP-2488 events. We've initiated some more investigation into the individual, but, I don't think much will turn up.
Despite growing polarization between the left and the right, there are a few things that both sides agree on. The United States Constitution and the will of the people as expressed through their vote are pretty core to both sides of our divided nation and central to democratic principles. With Obamas approval rating below 45 percent and Congress's approval rating below 30 percent, it's fair to say that Americans from all sides of the political spectrum can also agree that D.C. is doing a poor job of acting in the interests of the American People. With confidence in our leaders at an all-time low it is a bit suspicious to see Obama and Mitch McConnell having a love-fest over the Trans Pacific Partnership. This supposed trade deal has far-reaching legal implications for our nation and beyond but it has been negotiated in secret without oversight from Congress or the American People.
Immediately, the Yoests scrubbed charmaineyoest.com of certain posts. They were very selective. Everything about abortion stayed. Everything about LGBTQ matters was deleted. Most posts about Christianity were left in place, although a few were cut. And one posting about rape was taken down.
Scout's take: Chip Kelly has moved on to the NFL, but he left behind a roster loaded with NFL talent. The Ducks have a future No. 1 overall pick in Mariota and potential difference maker in Thomas. With Ekpre-Olomu and Washington also held in high regard by NFL executives, it's no coincidence Oregon has been in the national championship race the past few seasons.
The rise of the birds began about 65m years ago. A mass extinction – probably caused by an asteroid collision – wiped out most of the larger-bodied dinosaurs, but left a few feathered creatures. The loss of so many other species freed up vast ecological niches, giving these animals an unprecedented chance to diversify.
As soon as you plug your Garadget in, it will start pulsing its laser. You can use this to determine where you want to mount it. I ended up putting mine on the far left of my garage door opener.
Delaney was demoted from his administrative rank and is on unpaid leave of absence.
Bloxam's first account differed from his second one four years later. In his first letter, in 1876, Bloxham claimed that Webb Ellis committed the act in 1824, a time by which Webb Ellis had left Rugby.[10] In his second letter, in 1880, Bloxham put the year as 1823.[10]
Among those giving evidence, Thomas Harris and his brother John, who had left Rugby in 1828 and 1832 respectively (i.e. after the alleged Webb Ellis incident) recalled that handling of the ball was strictly forbidden. Thomas Harris, who requested that he "not [be] quote[d] as an authority", testified that Webb Ellis had been known as someone to take an "unfair advantage at football".[11] John Harris, who would have been aged 10 years at the time of the alleged incident, did not claim to have been a witness to it. Additionally, he stated that he had not heard the story of Webb Ellis's creation of the game.[11]
Shape Created with Sketch. In Pictures: Floods hit the UK Show all 17 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In Pictures: Floods hit the UK 1/17 Floods hit the UK Members of Cleveland Mountain Rescue and soldiers from 2 Battalion The Duke of Lancasters Regiment evacuating people from the Queens Hotel in York city centre as the River Ouse floods on December 27, 2015 2/17 Floods hit the UK Teams in Whalley evacuate villagers from their homes 3/17 Floods hit the UK A resident of Glenridding, which flooded for the third time this month, surveys the damage 4/17 Floods hit the UK The River Ouse, York, has burst its banks 5/17 Floods hit the UK A soldier from the 2nd Battalion, Duke of Lancaster’s regiment helps to sure up flood defences in Appleby, Cumbria, one of the areas worst affected by the floods 6/17 Floods hit the UK Experts believe the cost of clearing up the most recent flooding could exceed £50m (PA) 7/17 Floods hit the UK Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in York 8/17 Floods hit the UK A police helicopter photographed the extent of the flooding in York on 27 December. 9/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding at Clifford's Tower in York on 27 December 10/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding along York's Inner Ring Road on 27 December 11/17 Floods hit the UK Water runs out of the Lowther pub in York on 27 December after the River Ouse bursts its banks in York city centre. 12/17 Floods hit the UK Flooded streets in Dumfries, Scotland on 30 December Getty 13/17 Floods hit the UK A car left submerged in floodwater in Newton Stewart, Scotland PA 14/17 Floods hit the UK Staff at the Worlds End bar in Dumfries Scotland desperately try to pump floodwater out of the building PA 15/17 Floods hit the UK A man stands in the doorway of his cottage in the flooded town of Straiton in Scotland PA 16/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding in the village of Aberfeldy, Perthshire, Scotland 17/17 Floods hit the UK Man wades through floodwater outside a fish and chip shop in Dumfries, Scotland PA 1/17 Floods hit the UK Members of Cleveland Mountain Rescue and soldiers from 2 Battalion The Duke of Lancasters Regiment evacuating people from the Queens Hotel in York city centre as the River Ouse floods on December 27, 2015 2/17 Floods hit the UK Teams in Whalley evacuate villagers from their homes 3/17 Floods hit the UK A resident of Glenridding, which flooded for the third time this month, surveys the damage 4/17 Floods hit the UK The River Ouse, York, has burst its banks 5/17 Floods hit the UK A soldier from the 2nd Battalion, Duke of Lancaster’s regiment helps to sure up flood defences in Appleby, Cumbria, one of the areas worst affected by the floods 6/17 Floods hit the UK Experts believe the cost of clearing up the most recent flooding could exceed £50m (PA) 7/17 Floods hit the UK Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in York 8/17 Floods hit the UK A police helicopter photographed the extent of the flooding in York on 27 December. 9/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding at Clifford's Tower in York on 27 December 10/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding along York's Inner Ring Road on 27 December 11/17 Floods hit the UK Water runs out of the Lowther pub in York on 27 December after the River Ouse bursts its banks in York city centre. 12/17 Floods hit the UK Flooded streets in Dumfries, Scotland on 30 December Getty 13/17 Floods hit the UK A car left submerged in floodwater in Newton Stewart, Scotland PA 14/17 Floods hit the UK Staff at the Worlds End bar in Dumfries Scotland desperately try to pump floodwater out of the building PA 15/17 Floods hit the UK A man stands in the doorway of his cottage in the flooded town of Straiton in Scotland PA 16/17 Floods hit the UK Flooding in the village of Aberfeldy, Perthshire, Scotland 17/17 Floods hit the UK Man wades through floodwater outside a fish and chip shop in Dumfries, Scotland PA
B. Make sure you have enough disk space in C: drive because Update.bat copies the old backups in there. For me, they were NoDo and pre-NoDo backups which consumed 4GB. I had about 8GB left so it was a close call. I could have lost my NoDo backup if I had less than 4GB left on my C drive.
“I begged the soldier to let me in to collect my belongings,” one Hama resident told HRW. “He let me, but I had only a few minutes. After I left, the bulldozer demolished my house. Nothing was left of it, not even the walls.”
“We were all being told to clear the bridge at various stages, so it’s not unreasonable to think she’d been told to leave the bridge at some point just like everybody else.”
Notwithstanding his position at court and his popularity throughout Spain, near the end of his life Calderón struggled with financial difficulties, but with the motivation of the Carnival of 1680 he wrote his last work of comedy, Hado y divisa de Leonido y de Marfisa. He died May 25, 1681, leaving only partially complete the autos sacramentales that he had been working on for that year. His burial was austere and unembellished, as he desired in his will: "Uncovered, as if I deserved to satisfy in part the public vanities of my poorly spent life". In this manner he left the theatres orphaned in which he was considered one of the best dramatic writers of his time.[2]
The left must now campaign to leave the EU | Owen Jones Read more
Either way, the fallout from what has happened this week is likely to be momentous. Even if the latest deal is softened and holds for a few months – under the formal aegis of a wounded Syriza-led government, or not – it won’t last. Sooner or later Greece will be forced out of the euro, or leave of its own accord. The only question is who will control that process.
Instead, I opened the Bible, read a few chapters, and closed it – feeling confused and kinda disturbed. I was disappointed. And I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be diving back in for more anytime soon. I didn’t find it relatable, or even sensible. Mostly, it just left me scratching my head, like “For real?!“
What is left out of the dominant narrative is the idea that the central attributes of God “were in different ways transposed onto the body of nature” 20 in various discourses such as German and English Romanticism and American transcendentalism. What is problematic in this transposition is that nature is given the attribute of perfection – if perfection changes it becomes imperfect. Thus, the Aristotelean notion of nature as physis or change is discarded and nature becomes a Garden of Eden with the Death of God. Thus, when humans talk about sustainability our hope is to sustain nature for humans. Humans wish to retain their understanding of a perfect nature. Butman suggests that “we preserve the resources needed for human consumption, whether that means energy consumption or aesthetic consumption. In one sense, we preserve nature for industry.”21 Thus, Pope Francis suggestion that humanity ought to preserve for human consumption in ensuring the earth’s fruitfulness for future generations doesn’t undermine industrial consumption, but affirms it.
By now, you all know that Nokia did the unthinkable yesterday and announced an Android line-up of devices at Mobile World Congress, after criticizing the platform for years and pushing Windows Phone with their Lumia brand. That launch comes so close to the company’s smartphone division being completely enveloped under Microsoft — end of Q1 2014 should be the final date — that we’re left scratching our head. Despite the huge amount of hands-on videos that have showed us everything we need to know about the X series, we’re left with many unanswered questions. Here they are.
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
The Crown has told the jury that while Gill and his daughter were out shopping, Ronald paid a deadly visit to their home, slashing Jagtar’s neck and left wrist, then stabbed her repeatedly in the stomach and bashed her about the head with the weightlifting bar.
Angilau's attorney, Michael Langford, declined to take questions as he left the courthouse.
It was hard for Mohamad and Lahcen to justify their first runs to their family and community. When Mohamad was around 18, he and Lahcen would leave the house with djellabas, traditional Moroccan robes, hiding their shorts.
Albion feel they were left with no alternative but to wield the axe as a result of the disenchantment from supporters over Pulis’ defensive style of play and tactics, combined with results and a highly-paid underperforming squad.
The radiator in my room pumped out heat like a blast furnace. I honestly worried the drapes would catch fire. It had no knobs. To combat this swelter, I left all the windows in the room open at all hours. Another thing that drove the maid insane.
As it ended, we were preparing for the shakedown. Some of us were given lists of items in our rooms, and their replacement costs. A problem — many of the items weren’t in the rooms when we arrived. We have been warned that we will require a signed document from our maid (obviously a KGB colonel) before we can leave our compound. Fortunately, I saw this coming and have been tunnelling for days.
But it is tinged with a real sense of concern about the people we leave behind here. Sochi was transformed for these Games, but with no eye to permanence. I’ll be back in four years for the 2018 World Cup. I expect much of what surrounds me as I write this to have been reclaimed by the earth.
Then they announced that the next song would be their last, and people started calling out desperate pleas for the song that mattered most to them. Someone shouted “play a Johnny Hobo song” and was promptly booed by seemingly the entire audience. The band proceeded to play “Time to Wake Up”, a song from one of Pat’s solo projects. At first, the song choice felt like an anti-climax, something subdued and a little more obscure. But as they played, something strange happened. People started crowd surfing, but not in the usual cannonball kind of way; instead, they would lean off the stage and float across the audience like a pilgrim across the dead sea. Even Charlie Schneeweis fell into the crowd, a huge grin across his face as he slowly glided across the barn. When the song reached its climax, everyone chanted the chorus with pat, singing “please wake up now, the world really needs you, desperately/ please cheer up now, we’ve been waiting for you, all your life,” before the entire band chimed in, creating a cacophony of pure serenity. I looked and, to the left of me, saw two lovers were hugging each other tightly. To my right, a man was breaking down into tears. Then, as one of the crowd surfers drifted close, and we all reached out to make their weight feel like nothing, I realized that past all the sweat stinging my eyes, I might have been crying too. But thank god that wasn’t actually the end.
“VR is basically the ultimate technology,” he says. “It is potentially the final computing platform. This is generalising, but if you have perfect virtual reality, you don't have to perfect much else.” In other words, you can stop fighting, because there’s nothing left to conquer.
Additional images and information about the Calgary Central Library can be found in the Database file linked below. Want to get involved in the discussion or share your photos? Check out the associated Forum thread or leave a comment at the bottom of this page.
Going back to the play, since Seattle motioned Jimmy Graham before the snap from the left side to the right side, you can see that the Dallas Cowboys’ defensive line didn’t adjust. Their linebackers were instructed to shift and fill in the gaps. This created a natural bubble and a great two-on-one for the Seahawks’ lineman between the center and the right guard.
By my tracking, I graded him negatively on two runs. His very next run was one of those plays and it happened at 13:50 left in the third quarter.
For our purposes here, I’ll refer to @realDonaldTrump’s tweets as “tweets,” and the responses to them as “replies,” so we don’t get confused. When @realDonaldTrump “blocks” someone on Twitter, they can no longer read his tweets or reply to them. That is in contrast to “muting,” which removes the person’s replies from @realDonaldTrump’s view but leaves them up for other users.
Near the end of the second practice of the 2014 season, Johnstone was in his last drill of the day, a full contact, live-action session. Defensive end T.J. Daniel came crashing around Johnstone’s left side, his momentum putting a lot of pressure on the inside of the surgically repaired right knee.
Johnstone felt it buckle. It didn’t hurt, not much anyway, but it was enough that Bernardi came running over to help his left tackle get off the field. The knee swelled up some, but the initial tests came back clean.
I used several tactics to my advantage. I never left or was forced out of our marital residence, I managed to avoid physical altercations by keeping my emotions in check as much as possible, avoided being taken to jail by the NYPD by calmly explaining my side of the story and kept my focus by remaining totally devoted to my two children. I always took the high road and never talked badly about my ex to our children, no matter how tempting. I still don’t-she is the mother of our kids. They love her just as much as they love me.
I know all too well the stories of men who get taken advantage of by unscrupulous attorneys who don’t offer alternatives and other potential options their clients can pursue. State ordered child support should only be enforced when a spouse chooses to abdicate the responsibility of raising their children. There is no excuse for a parent to abandon their children. In my subsequent research, I have discovered that many fathers do not want to leave their children. Many times they are FORCED out.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
The 2012 election process has shown that the relationship between science and public policy is in danger of becoming irreparably damaged. Mainstream politicians are no longer limiting scientifically baseless attacks to newer science like global climate change. They are also attempting to tear down long established scientific advancements in areas like womens health, once championed by the left and right.
The announcement leaves unresolved for now the status of 73 procedures. The FAA said it might reevaluate the retained approaches under the ongoing review known as the National Procedures Assessment (NPA) initiative.
Insignia is the in-house Best Buy brand. I bought this monitor to replace an old CRT monitor. It's not flashy but so far its getting the job done. I had bought a Dell monitor similar to it and found that this Insignia was better in the fact that it has ports for DVI, HDMI, VGA and a headphone jack (all located at the bottom and behind the monitor). *Remember DVI cables carry audio if you want to use the head phone jack. There are no speakers (that I know of on the monitor and no place to mount a speaker bar). The Dell monitor had left off the DVI port while Insignia got this right. Boo on Dell for that! The Dell monitor's base was a little more solid than the Insignia. The Insignia does wiggle around a little if your desk is not solid enough and you bump the desk. The image quality shows the colors are off a little if you are not looking directly right at it. The max resolution on this monitor is about average for an economical purchased. I will be using it for Microsoft office, web surfing and watching some Netflix. I have this hooked up to two computers using a KVM switch. Each of the PCs are Windows 7 and 8.1. There was no software CD to install drivers, I just used the drivers that Microsoft installed during installation. Buttons are directly on the front. Actually scratch the word button it is just a touch to the area the buttons would be at. The power light at the front does go off when you shut it down. The Insignia logo comes up for a second or two on the screen before you can use the monitor. I've had this up and running for a couple of weeks now since this review. So... so far I am satisfied with my buy.
That's the story, anyway. But it's not the one told in The Revenant, the Alejandro G. Inarritu-directed Oscar favorite, in which Leonardo DiCaprio's Glass is chased off a cliff, recalls his Pawnee wife, eats raw buffalo liver — and mainly, drags his grizzly-ravaged body hundreds of miles through a wintry frontier, driven by bloodlust for the men who had left him to die.
To separate mythology from biography, it helps to remember that the film is based in part on a 2002 work of fiction, which itself is based in part on the three earliest written and largely forgotten accounts of Glass' adventures. None of those authors knew Glass, and one of them, a novelist, wrote the forgettable sequel Monte Cristo's Daughter. Thucydides, these guys were not. But their accounts, as well as letters, testimony, trapper memoirs and a rich oral history, are what is left regarding Glass' life.
After two years, in January 1823, Glass headed east with the chief to meet with the U.S. Superintendent of Indian Affairs in St. Louis. Afterward, the chief returned to lead his tribe while Glass stayed in town. He answered an ad placed in the Missouri Republican by the Rocky Mountain Fur Company, which was seeking 100 men to pack up and leave fancy duds, womenfolk and saloons behind to head into the Rocky Mountains. There, for $200 annually, they would trap beaver.
But back to the film — namely, that grizzly attack: Glass left Ashley's group to join Henry's (don't ask), and early in the journey, Henry sent two of his now roughly 30-strong group to hunt some meat, telling the rest, including Glass, to stay put. But our protagonist had never liked orders. Also, he hankered for some berries.
After five days, though, the men had a talk (which Glass reportedly later told another trapper he'd overheard). No one had expected Glass to live this long, and no one would want the pair to stay. Glass was going to die anyway, Fitzgerald told the kid. It was only a matter of time before Ree or Cheyenne found them. And besides, they had already earned their money. The two men left Glass next to a nearby stream, underneath a berry bush. Just in case.
In the winter of 1832-33, Glass was living at Fort Cass, a new garrison built near the junction of the Yellowstone and Bighorn rivers. He worked as a hunter, procuring meat for the trappers of the American Fur Company, owned by John Jacob Astor. One cold morning in the spring of 1833, he and two other hunters left the fort looking to kill a bear or two. They hadn't walked far, and it was considered safe territory. As they made their way across the frozen Yellowstone River, 30 Ree on horseback surrounded them.
The left wants us to believe we can create utopia on earth, despite the pure evil that some religions and radical Islamic terrorists preach. These jihadists wouldn’t think twice about killing us if presented with the opportunity. There are radical elements of Islam that are quite sickening, but the left tries to cover up.
From: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org> To: Mark Paustenbach <markpaustenbach@gmail.com> Subject: RE: Bernie narrative Thread-Topic: Bernie narrative Thread-Index: AQHRs8AvQtUQ9aKs30KucVWjje9Zyp/EG7Pk Date: Sat, 21 May 2016 17:34:09 -0700 Message-ID: <05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5@dncdag1.dnc.org> References: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SCL: -1 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_" MIME-Version: 1.0 --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. So we'll have to leave it alone. ________________________________ From: Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@gmail.com] Sent: Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM To: Miranda, Luis Subject: Bernie narrative Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Ber= nie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess. Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the campaign = to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something critic= al. She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his staff to respond t= o our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which is why we had t= o shut off their access in order to get them to finally let us know exactly= how they snooped around HFA's data. Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got back= to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six weeks ear= lier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie personall= y for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an= awful list just a few days before we had to make the announcements. It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act together. --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html dir=3D"ltr"> <head> <meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Diso-8859-= 1"> <style type=3D"text/css" id=3D"owaParaStyle"></style> </head> <body fpstyle=3D"1" ocsi=3D"0"> <div style=3D"direction: ltr;font-family: Tahoma;color: #000000;font-size: = 10pt;">True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. <div><br> </div> <div>So we'll have to leave it alone. </div> <div><br> <div style=3D"font-family: Times New Roman; color: #000000; font-size: 16px= "> <hr tabindex=3D"-1"> <div id=3D"divRpF822574" style=3D"direction: ltr;"><font face=3D"Tahoma" si= ze=3D"2" color=3D"#000000"><b>From:</b> Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@g= mail.com]<br> <b>Sent:</b> Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM<br> <b>To:</b> Miranda, Luis<br> <b>Subject:</b> Bernie narrative<br> </font><br> </div> <div></div> <div>Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is tha= t Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.&nbs= p; <div><br> </div> <div>Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the camp= aign to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something&n= bsp;critical.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his sta= ff to respond to our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which = is why we had to shut off their access in order to get them to finally= let us know exactly how they snooped around HFA's data.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got= back to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six week= s earlier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie pers= onally for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an awful list just a few day= s before we had to make the announcements. </div> <div><br> </div> <div>It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act toget= her. </div> </div> </div> </div> </div> </body> </html> --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_--
For more than two days, the Abbott articulation was left unchallenged by other political leaders.
This solves many problems: the price differential with PlayStation 4 has now been addressed, while internal resources dedicated to Kinect processing can now be returned to game developers. On the flipside, the original vision for Xbox One as a multi-faceted all-in-one entertainment system as well as a games machine now lies in ruins. Kinect was at the heart of everything that made Xbox One different and without it we're left with a machine that offers pretty much the exact same proposition as PS4, but without parity in hardware specifications.
But of all the repositioning carried out this week, it's the removal of Kinect that feels most important, because it's the end of Microsoft's vision for an all-in-one entertainment system. In hindsight, packing in Kinect and making media integration central to the Xbox One proposition looks like an awful mistake. However, put into context, there were perfectly logical reasons for every single element of its failed strategy. So what were they? And what kind of legacy do they leave now that things have changed so dramatically?
Kinect is the main gateway to Xbox One's media functions - without it, we're left with a piece of hardware that looks more like the set-top box replacement it was designed to be rather than a state-of-the-art next-generation games console.
By the time the console reached stores, the media features were looking promising but under-developed where it really mattered. Voice control turned out rather well, the ability to seamlessly switch sources also worked beautifully, and the multiple biometric login feature was extremely cool technology. However, the focus on the bleeding-edge tech was at odds with the lack of basic features: there was no sign of DVR options, no 50Hz support, the Blu-ray app was bugged and local/network file playback was left off the spec sheet. Perhaps worst of all, the showcase OneGuide simply didn't work at all outside of the USA. By extension, Blu-ray aside, Xbox One didn't offer any must-have media services that weren't already available on Xbox 360.
Always online, always connected, designed to be left on for 10 years: this was a significant challenge with much time, effort and engineering sunk into it - now pretty much irrelevant as Xbox One becomes more games console than media centre. The HDMI input and passthrough remains, but doesn't work as well without voice control, while centralised control of your TV and sound system is now gone without Kinect. The innovative multi-OS virtual machine set-up is a breathtaking technological achievement, but always came across as unwieldy in action and now falls by the wayside in general usage now that the voice input has gone. Out of the box, the Kinect-free Xbox One is really no more of a media centre than its predecessor - and we can't help wonder whether all that time, effort and energy would have been better spent making the best games console possible instead.
The elimination of matter as a good candidate for being substance, leaves either form alone or the composite of form and matter. The composite seems more consonant with the doctrine of Categories, for the composite is the individual. Aristotle, however, chooses the form as more paradigmatically substance. This has puzzled some commentators. Wiggins (1998: 232ff), for example, thinks that the change in doctrine between Categories and Metaphysics is wholly unhelpful. The choice of form as substance causes perplexity because the form seems to be a universal and equivalent to the secondary substance, and so not the most fundamental case of substance. But whether substantial forms are universals in Aristotle is a controversial matter. Interpreters disagree about whether the doghood that is in Fido is best regarded as the universal, or as the particular instance of the universal doghood, other dogs exemplifying numerically different instances of the same universal. (For example, Lloyd: 1981, Irwin: 1988, Woods: 1991, and Bostock’s commentary to Aristotle 1994.) On this view, the most perspicuous way of regarding the individual substance is not as the composite of form and matter (though this is not wrong) but as the form individualized in the matter. The matter is still an essential component in the substance, but not, so to speak, as an equal partner with the form, but as the catalyst by means of which the form becomes an individual substance. It is clear, however, that if one holds that Aristotle thinks that forms are universals, then forms are not substance, for, in his attacks on Plato, Aristotle makes it plain that universals are not substance. Substances for Aristotle are individuals, but it is much debated whether they are individualized forms or composites of form and matter.
The traditional rationale of Locke’s doctrine of ‘substance in general’ is as follows. Properties—or, in Locke’s terms qualities—must belong to something—‘cannot subsist…without something to support them’. Of course, they belong to objects, but what are objects over and above their properties? The special category of substantial form, as found in Aristotle, is rejected. All that seems to be left is a bare ‘something’, which on pain of regress, has no properties in its own right, except the property of being the owner or support of other properties.
One might wonder what this ‘common life’ is supposed to be, especially in the light of his rejection of Aristotelian ‘substantial forms’. Furthermore, it is tempting to argue that all coherent, solid bodies—such as a lump of rock or plasticene—have some principle of organization which persists through change. Living objects are simply the most dramatic case of this. (Though Peter van Inwagen (1990) defends the view that only living things and atoms are real entities: inanimate complex bodies are not true individuals.) Nevertheless, though the appeal to ‘life’ seems to modify Locke’s conventionalism, it still leaves open the possibility that the divisions we make between different species are conventions, because, though we can recognize life (or a ‘continuing principle of organization’) itself, it is still relatively arbitrary and concept-dependent where life (or ‘principle of organization’) of one kind ends and another starts. So our division of things into species, though grounded in real continuities in the way that our non-biological (or non-natural) concepts are not, is still nominal.
Second, the language of constitution is more natural if the situation is described in some ways rather than others. It is natural to say that the statue is made of clay or even from a piece of clay. But suppose one characterizes the clay more exactly, in terms of the particular atoms in a particular arrangement. Strictly, on modal grounds, this structured collection and the statue are different. The statue could have been made of a collection of atoms with at least some different members, but the entity defined as containing just those atoms could not. This entity—atoms A 1 …A n in given spatial arrangement S—is not a very natural kind of object, but it is a real body, in a way that something arbitrarily composed of, for example, half of this table and two toes from President Bush’s left foot is not. This collection of atoms in this structure is what investigation would show to be really there. Though it is natural to say that the statue is constituted by the atoms, it is less natural to say that the atoms and the structure taken together, are what it is made from: rather it might seem natural to say that that is what it is. To use the Aristotelian terminology, there is strong pressure to say that atoms and structure together are matter and form, and hence are the complete individual.
//you can use the script tag //if you use this method, leave your PHP code bare, no <?php block <script type="text/php" src="my_file.php"/> //or you can use a PHP include command inside a script block //if you use this method, surround your code with <?php block <script type="text/php"> include("source.php"); </script>
Mr. Heil [spokesman for the United States Forest Service] said drug operators could be blamed for a handful of wildfires each year in California, which is already dealing with a prolonged drought and budget-stretched firefighting resources. Environmental damage of a different kind can also be severe, with pesticides seeping into soil and streams, and trash and human waste left behind.
LOS ANGELES >> Few remnants of the nation’s recession have been as painful as the big-box stores that were left vacant by companies that downsized or went out of business.
Blockbuster isn’t the only retailer that has left big stores sitting empty.
“ A civilization which leaves so large a number of its participants unsatisfied and drives them into revolt neither has nor deserves the prospect of a lasting existence.” -- Sigmund Freud
In fact, many Republican in Congress seem to openly admire Biden despite disagreeing with his politics. That could prove bedeviling to the Trump campaign, which has already bought millions of dollars in advertising that focuses on Clinton. With just two months left in the race, it won’t be easy to reboot this effort let alone develop and target opposition research against a man that more than a few Republicans in Congress consider a “friend.”
He’d flown back from a training deployment in Thailand earlier in the week. He’d taken a taxi from the base to a garage he rented, picked up his motorcycle, and ridden it down to Fiddler’s Cove. He’d undressed to his shorts, stuffed his clothes in a plastic bag, and swam the half mile to the sailboat he lived on—it was cheaper than sharing a house, like most of the other, younger SEALs stationed in Coronado did. He’d found his boat, as always, sealed up tight. He would leave it spotless, because he never knew when fate would dictate that he wouldn’t be the one opening it up. It was part of the process of shipping out, a ritualized preparation for death that would always have a kind of dreadful power over him. The washing of bedclothes, the bleaching of sinks, the removal of any speck of organic matter, the rewriting of his “dead letters” to be distributed to his friends and relatives should he not return, all of them signed with that quote from the end of The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, “Thanks for all the fish.” Of course, Chris also had to purge all his panty hose and dresses and wigs and shoes—“I want to have honor in death” was how he thought about it.
Elizabeth Sarah Lavinia Spencer was born with the honorific "The Honourable"'; she acquired the courtesy title "Lady" in 1975, when her grandfather died and her father became the 8th Earl Spencer. She suffered from the eating disorder anorexia nervosa in her early twenties.[2] She was educated firstly at Riddlesworth Hall School in Norfolk and secondly at West Heath boarding school near Sevenoaks in Kent. After passing O Level exams she left West Heath to work in London.
His last words to the Prime Minister as he left were: “I'm leaving Downing Street 10 times more sceptical than I was before,” according to the leak.
British Tories seek to cut ties to the European Union. Scots want to leave Britain. Catalans vote to divorce from Spain, to which they have been wedded since the 15th century. Flemish talk of leaving Walloons behind in Belgium. Northern Europeans are weary of carrying their profligate southern brethren and muse about cutting Greece adrift and letting it float out into the Mediterranean.
“He would always beat me, but he was helping me,” says Jahlil. “Like, he would block my shot and tell me to use my other hand.” Explains Chucky: “My thing was, anything I had a weakness in, I didn’t want him to have. I couldn’t shoot with my left until I was in college. And you see Jahlil now: He’s got a left hand.”
"A tide can shift relatively quickly, leave the animals in water that's not navigable," Boehm said. "Also, as they move up into rivers, into fresh water, which can start over time to have effects on their skin."
‘Dearest _____ [name of deceased], as you are now deceased, it is time to Nianfo with us sincerely now, so that you can reach Amituofo’s Pure Land – where there is no more suffering, where there is only bliss. Please do not be attached to your wealth and family, as you have to leave them behind. We assure you that all will be well. They too will Nianfo to reach Pure Land when it is time to meet you there. Please Nianfo with us as sincerely as you can because this is the only way to have the best rebirth before it is too late. This is the best thing you can do for yourself and your loved ones. Please do not be attached to your body. Please continue to Nianfo sincerely all the way, until you see Amituofo come to guide you to his Pure Land. Please follow only Amituofo and no one else. Let us Nianfo sincerely now. Amituofo, Amituofo, Amituofo…’
Auston Matthews is really rather boring. In interviews he's dull, almost lifeless at times, and he never says anything incendiary. He does light up occasionally when he hits a topic he enjoys talking about. He smiles suddenly, and it's shocking to see, but it works to draw you in. He is also a little boring on the ice. He does not have Patrik Laine's big, booming shot. He does not have Jack Eichel's turbo boost breakaway speed. He does not have Connor McDavid's total domination of the game, like he can see into the future ten moves ahead of everyone else. He's more like McDavid than the other two, but with Matthews it is a different kind of dominance. He commands space, not time. He runs the play. He makes the other guys on the ice do what he wants them to do, and not just his own team either. He forces the opposition into the space he wants them to be in so he can do what he wants. He wants the puck, he wants to own the ice, and he can and will appear at will in the slot in scoring position, and you won't always be sure how he got there. Maybe he teleports. He seems smaller on the ice than he is. He is smooth and agile in the offensive zone like a winger, not a big, bruiser of a centre. He likes the sweet spot at the goalie's left hand, a classic left-shooting winger location, and he can slide into place there for a pass like he's been playing wing his whole life. Winger is just a role he plays sometimes to make the other team forget about him until it's time to score, a trick he managed for ZSC while wearing the fancy gold jersey of the top scorer. So, maybe he is psychic. He is one thing for sure: the next star of the Toronto Maple Leafs. - Katya Knappe
Algeria went into the tournament as one of the favourites for the trophy but leave with their reputation damaged by three underwhelming performances.
Dr. Paruthi explained that it's much better to check in with your current lifestyle habits before resulting to a chemical solution. Waking up at a consistent time, eating a balanced diet, exercising, and setting a healthy bedtime routine can often alleviate the insomnia-like symptoms so many people experience in our "constantly on" society. It's also important to rule out serious sleep conditions as the potential cause of your inability to rest. Dr. Paruthi recommends visiting a physician or a board-certified sleep specialist to test for problems like obstructive sleep apnea if insomnia is a persistent and serious problem for you. Those conditions left undiagnosed can wreak far more havoc on your health than ZzzQuil.
They leave out one consideration: at the current rate of deforestation, we won’t have any rainforest left in a hundred years, and most of those species will vanish without ever having been seen by humans.
"While we have attempted to engage and have a constructive dialogue with CanniMed's Board and management about the strong merits of our offer, their refusal to enter into such a discussion, along with the powerful strategic rationale for the combination, leaves us no recourse at this point but to launch a formal offer for the company," said Terry Booth, CEO of Aurora. "We believe that CanniMed shareholders would benefit greatly from a combination, not only through the very significant premium we are offering for their shares, but also by participating in Aurora's continued growth, which is well above our industry peers, and is based on superior business strategy and exceptional, industry-leading execution. We already have the support from a large percentage of CanniMed shareholders, and look forward to bringing this process to a positive conclusion for the benefit of our combined shareholders."
I think a little bit of everything you just mentioned. He’s very aware. He doesn’t want to be out there anymore, from a very real standpoint. None of them want to be out and unprotected. I think he’s processing everything. This is his downtime. This is something he has not had before [since the apocalypse happened], and it’s almost like idle time is not good for him, because he doesn’t want to process what he has to process. He’d rather keep moving forward. As long as he’s moving forward on whatever mission it is, there’s not that time where you’re left with yourself and your own thoughts. Now that they’re in Alexandria and the basic necessities are taken care of, there’s much more time to think. Thinking is what’s going to be the thing that rocks the boat quite a bit in Alexandria.
Washington: The Trump brain and its fabulous functioning will fascinate researchers long after POTUS 45 leaves the Oval Office. But as he arrives, we can only wonder at where Donald Trump sits on a great American continuum - at one end, sweet innocence and Willy Wonka; at the other, the ethical netherworld of Don Corleone.
There are little chocolate bricks with "Trump" stamped on their foil wrappings; and sweaters, towels and glassware - all with a discreet Trump monogram. Fans can't leave without a MAGA baseball cap - Make America Great Again. There's even a Trump cologne for men - it's called Success.
There's speculation in the German media that Berlin might end up bailing out Deutsche Bank by taking an ownership stake - an outcome that would leave a President Trump as Borrower Trump, in a troubled bank that conceivably might see itself having commercial leverage over Client Trump who is President Trump; at the same time as the bank's newest shareholder, the Berlin government, might see itself having diplomatic leverage over Ally Trump who is President Trump who is Borrower Trump.
A problem in all this is that despite Trump's occasional use of the phrase "conflict of interest", there is no sense that Trump understands its application to his circumstances - his tax policy leaves intact the developer-friendly loopholes through which he massaged his near $US1 billion losses onto the backs of American taxpayers, but eliminated those by which hedge fund managers, as he complained so bitterly, were "getting away with murder".
Looking at the data, it looks like many states are just too optimistic and are betting on the 2nd half recovery which will not happen. This crisis runs deep and the actions taken by the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury put our U.S. dollar at risk. If there is a run on the dollar, it will leave us as a nation with very few options. State and local governments stand to receive $160 billion in federal aid with the new stimulus plan. But you have to ask where is this money coming from? Printing money.
Congratulations on now having a semi decent deck ! It’s time for it to leave the nest now. Click that “ranked” button and battle away ! Don’t worry too much, it’s okay to lose. Maybe you’ll win some too, but even if you don’t you’ll certainly learn some things. Depending on the timing, you might find yourself in “unfair” match-ups with high ranked players rocking well tuned decks, so sweating over losses is really unnecessary. On the other hand, don’t just dismiss those losses as irrelevant either – note what’s killed you and what you maybe could have done better.
Once that’s done, it’s time for you to discover one of the best things about Eternal: drafting! It’s a limited mode somewhat similar to Forge, but PvP, and actual packs being passed along (just like physical MtG drafting but asynchronous so you can take all the time you want) rather than 1-out-of-3 picks. Drafting is an art that is worth a whole series of guides on its own, and I’ll leave that to people more skilled at it than I am. Know that while that’s not always the best option, you can also “force” factions in draft. You can’t actually influence what cards you get passed, but you can decide to pick cards in the factions you want. That’s not always optimal for a bunch of reasons, most notably possible signals that someone up the line is already drafting the same factions, but we can choose to ignore those in the name of strategically advancing our collection. Note that Rakano is a strong choice for draft anyway, so you’re not gimping yourself much either.
“But we were left with no choice but to cancel. Our community is still traumatised by the arrests and detentions that took place last year. We couldn’t risk a repeat.”
First, there are some politicians who make better chairs than portfolio ministers. And second, offering £10,000 to every "town team" requested by their local MP will have minimal influence on the long-term future vitality of our high street, with local government left to pick up and make something of the pieces.
After a significant amount of activity since the 2011 Portas review, the government's national funding legacy for no high street left behind included:
None of this, however, is anywhere near as important as local government's community leadership, strategic, enabling and partnership roles in town centre success. Shapps may have been able to leave high streets behind and ply his talents with coalition cabinet colleagues and the Tory faithful but it remains to be seen what route new housing minister Mark Prisk will take.
The New York Times Co. has named Mark Thompson president and CEO, filling a vacancy created when Janet Robinson left abruptly last December.
Now, staying in a two-room house in Devaliya village, Ranpur Taluka, Gujarat, she spends her time with her two children. Her in-laws refuse to take her back and her husband has left his parents to be with her. But she spends all her time with the children, snuggling them and holding them tight.
“Chief Bufford then stated, ‘You stupid son of a bitch, what are you doing? Get up to the police station.’ Gantt said nothing in response and left the park,” the complaint states.
Shape Created with Sketch. Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Show all 12 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War 1/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man crosses a street in Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 2/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A vendor sits inside an antique shop in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 3/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria Reuters 4/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria Reuters 5/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors walk inside Aleppo's Umayyad mosque, Syria Reuters 6/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk inside the Khan al-Shounah market, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 7/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man walks past shops in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 8/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk along an alley in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 9/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors tour Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 10/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A general view shows the Old City of Aleppo as seen from Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 11/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk near Aleppo's Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower, Syria October 6, 2010 Reuters 12/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man stands inside Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 1/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man crosses a street in Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 2/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A vendor sits inside an antique shop in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 3/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria Reuters 4/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria Reuters 5/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors walk inside Aleppo's Umayyad mosque, Syria Reuters 6/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk inside the Khan al-Shounah market, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 7/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man walks past shops in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 8/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk along an alley in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 9/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors tour Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 10/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A general view shows the Old City of Aleppo as seen from Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 11/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk near Aleppo's Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower, Syria October 6, 2010 Reuters 12/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man stands inside Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters
HB2, which restricts bathroom options for transgender people and overrides local laws to protect LGBT people from bias, has left residents furious
The Johnsons didn’t campaign against each other, which is likely a good thing given the real reasons they were doing this (and considering that the warden role is often left unfilled). It should also be noted that Jennifer (the victor) is an active volunteer at the elementary school of her children. These are legit people, doing awesome things, in a small community in America. I love it. Ultimately, they both have the same goal: kids should be fed.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial Show all 90 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013
Agarwal talked about some of his “favorite students,” including a 25-year-old Pakistani woman who was married when she was in ninth grade and had to leave school. “She discovered these courses and she tells us that she’s now been learning online…. Her husband is very supportive.” He noted that the first course she took was “Justice,” an introduction to moral and political philosophy that is considered one of the most famous courses taught at Harvard.
Bird left work after finding out she was there and they argued, with Tenbarge accusing Bird of seeing other women.
Tenbarge's friend left the apartment briefly after Bird asked her to buy him some gum and when she returned, he was gone and no one answered the door.
“Some good players left and they have been replaced by equally accomplished ones. Above all guys who had a lot of experience at big clubs. I believe this has brought a touch more professionalism to the dressing room, along with experience. When you have all of those attributes, character comes as a result. We’re a strong side in every area of the pitch and we’re ready for this big match.”
"We have four massive matches in the space of 11 days and tomorrow’s game is hugely important for the club, me and the players, above all for their careers. Then, however, there’s another equally important fixture [Roma v Cagliari]. It’s not easy to recover, we need 20 good players and he gives us a different option. We’ll have to see how they all work together. Everyone has to work hard in training, even if they’ve been left out.
What’s the point of all the hustle if you’re always left feeling exhausted and frustrated? Successful people know how to relax and have fun. They know the importance of taking breaks to recharge their batteries by enjoying all that they have in their life right now.
Successful people set clear, specific, and measurable goals. Knowing exactly what you want to achieve keeps you motivated until you get there, and crafting a clear plan of action helps declutter your thoughts and relieve some stress as you move towards the results you want. Having clear goals and actions also allows you to measure how far you’ve come and how much more you have to go, so you’re not left wondering when you’re supposed to begin seeing some results.
“Labour under my leadership will listen to ideas from the bottom up – and take radical action to transform and rebuild our country so that no one and no community is left behind. We need nothing less than a democratic revolution in our politics, communities and workplaces.”
Barbara Ward, a nurse at Legacy Emanuel Medical Center in Portland, was caring for McDonald in September when she was assaulted. McDonald broke her left arm "like a chicken wing," Ward said, and co-workers had to pull McDonald off of her. The attack occurred in front of McDonald's two young children.
Among the early signs of this mounting sense of imperilment was critic Sven Birkerts’s 1994 book The Gutenberg Elegies. Birkerts was alarmed by the emerging effect of new technologies on his beloved books and book reading, as digital distractions threatened to replace immersive narrative with contextless, fast-flying information. Twenty-one years later, much of what Birkerts feared has come to pass: electronic media have become all but inescapable in the developed world and, increasingly, beyond it. As Birkerts puts it in a new essay collection, Changing the Subject: Art and Attention in the Digital Age, the digital now has the appearance of a “common cognitive environment,” a pervasive climate or atmosphere escapable only via the kind of enforced digital diet that leaves one open to cries of “Luddite!” Birkerts still does not have a cell phone, let alone a smart one; uses email sparingly; and is awed and baffled by the GPS he rarely employs.
“Why should we not also enjoy an original relation to the universe?” Emerson wondered in his introduction to the essay “Nature.” “Why should not we have a poetry and philosophy of insight and not of tradition?” One might put the same question to the connected world of today. Most of us will have to use these tools, like it or not; why let someone else decide our relation to them? Transcendentalism was as much about resisting imposed structures of control and interpretation as it was about resisting a mechanized world. Perhaps the role of art now, the way it can best fill the spiritual voids left by our immersion in the digital, is to create for us an “original relation” to it.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 9 (UPI) -- San Francisco officials said the mess left by this year's massive Valentine's Day pillow fight has led them to take another look at the "flash mob" phenomenon.
The pillow fight, which marked its fourth year in February, involved an estimated 1,500 to 3,000 people at Justin Herman Plaza and left the city with thousands of dollars worth of damages and cleanup costs, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Monday.
The saga of the Chief Whip, Andrew “Thrasher” Mitchell, continues to unfold, feeding public perceptions of out-of-touch Tory toffs. I understand the Downing Street police aren’t the only people he has upset. He was not popular with officials in his previous job at the Department for International Development. They gave him marks for competence, but it seems that his private office was “not a happy place”. Staff turnover there was brisk, Civil Service high-flyers did not want to work for him and if they couldn’t avoid it, they left as soon as decently possible.
From left to right: Trott, Ross and Smith
As with the best infographics, there's a lot of great easily digestible information here, so I'll leave it to you to have a nibble. If you too learn something new, do let us know in the comments section below.
In recent years, Bahais were forced to choose Islam, Christianity or Judaism in the religious denomination slot in order to receive identification documents. Some of them went to court, arguing that they should be allowed to leave the ‘religion’ slot blank rather than choose a faith that is not theirs. The move elicited the fury of Muslim conservatives who dissimssed Bahais as heretics and opposed any attempt to recognize the Bahai faith in official documents. In Iran, Bahais face other aspects of persecution .
Previously, several verdicts had been handed down in favor of Bahais, however, they were not implemented, which leaves many Bahais cautiously optimistic about today’s ruling. "What I hope is to see this verdict immediately implemented," Wafaa Hindy, a Bahai woman told The Times. "This verdict can mark the start of a new era, but we should not jump to conclusions until the verdict is enforced."
Gender dysphoria is real and serious. If left untreated, it can have terrible consequences, including suicide. Surgeries like the one I had are recognized as medically necessary treatment by every major medical association in America. Ensuring that transgender people get the health care they need will help save lives.
If he moves ahead to fulfill his campaign pledge, it will not be easy. Federal law, international pressure and resistance from inside the C.I.A. stand in his way. Even if he overcomes those obstacles, the toll of America’s agonizing treatment of captives has left a legacy of harm that will make it harder for Trump administration lawyers to justify resuming use of the tactics.
"I said 'if you snot him I will be snotting the lot of you, so leave him alone. He's only a baby, just look after him and get there quicker than he is'."
In his first television interview since the mass shooting last Monday in which gunman Aaron Alexis killed 12 people, LaPierre, the executive vice president of the NRA, described the Navy Yard as a military facility that was “largely left unprotected.”
Romney’s campaign said he was practicing fiscal restraint in a time of fiscal crisis, but his veto was quickly overridden by an unanimous vote in the House and an overwhelming vote in the state Senate after tales emerged of people in their 80s and 90s faced with having to leave their homes or break kosher tenets for the first time in their lives. The New York Post resurrected this story in an article last week.
It was my 27th birthday, and I had left the Labour party. In fact, I had quietly left some weeks beforehand, and run away to look for the living wage, the social housing, the repurposing of abandoned buildings, free education and the NHS. I had left the Labour party to find the values that I thought that it once stood for, and I found them, in the Greens.
For a long time now I have found myself defending my membership of the Labour party while wondering what values of mine it defended any more. I didn’t leave the Labour party. It left me, and many others besides. Yet we, the “defectors”, are lambasted as traitors, since it’s easier to launch personal attacks than political arguments, easier to insult and scaremonger than to reflect on why so many core and loyal voters are edging away uncomfortably. “Vote Green and you’ll get Tories!” they shriek at me. I voted Labour last year. I got Tories. There are no guarantees in a first-past-the-post system that we get the government that represents us.
I sense that social progressives are positively drooling at the prospect of unleashing a legal apocalypse and financial judgment on Catholic and Christian institutions for their discriminatory hiring practices. But I'm wondering if they have the stomach to do the same thing to Muslim schools, charities and mosques? And why stop there? What about Jewish synagogues and associations or even the Baha'i communities and their charities? The rub is you can't just penalize churches and leaves the mosques and the synagogues untouched. If you are going to go after religion by repealing the religious exemption laws, then you have to go after every single religion in society.
Another advantage of Backbone’s router and url#routes, is the ability to copy & paste the entire url or bookmark it, and get back to where we left at any time in the future. When we open that bookmark or paste the url with the url#route in it, the Backbone router will kick off the route’s code. Here, we end up in the same scenario as the browser history issue.
However, he forgot that he had left his daughter behind.
Officers said they were trying to get people in tents to leave and the group chanted and yelled in defiance. Two protesters were arrested for camping in a public park during prohibited hours. Two others were cited and released.
There were reportedly up to 150 people protesting but most of them left the park when they were told.
About 175 people were arrested in Chicago after they refused to leave a park where they were camped. Seventy protesters were arrested in New York City and 100 were arrested in Arizona.
California Senator Mark Deaulnier’s proposed bicycle tax doesn’t have an amount – that will be left to local jurisdictions who may wish to impose such a tax – but let’s use Colorado Springs’ modest $4 bicycle sales tax as an example. If cyclists pay our “fair share,” the sales tax on a small automobile such as the Prius should come in at a cool $154,000. The Lincoln Navigator and other vehicles with twice the weight of the Prius have a sales tax sixteen times higher, which comes to $2.5 million.
Good news for financial markets and investors. They dodged the rate-hike bullet for now. The reason? There was simply too much dissension among Fed policymakers Wednesday amid an uncertain economic outlook. Instead, a divided Federal Reserve opted to leave interest rates unchanged. Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at a news conference, "The economy has a bit more running room than might have been previously thought." But she added, "We don't want the economy to overheat.” Most officials expect the Fed to increase interest rates later this year, likely in mid-December. What does that mean for the average American? Winter is coming, and so are rate hikes.
With the aid of Peter Guagenti, Fisher obtained a .25 caliber pistol and then went out to steal a set of license plates off a neighborhood car. On May 19, 1992, Guagenti helped Fisher put the license plates on his Pontiac Firebird and then drove her to the Buttafuoco home in Massapequa, New York. Fisher later explained to the police that she had expected Guagenti to carry out the shooting, but he refused. When Mary Jo Buttafuoco answered the door, Fisher told her that Joey Buttafuoco was having an affair with Fisher's (imaginary) younger sister, providing a T-shirt advertising Buttafuoco's auto body shop for her "proof." The conversation lasted about 15 minutes, but Buttafuoco became increasingly angry with Fisher's claims. She finally told her to leave and then turned her back to return into the house. Fisher then produced the gun, struck Buttafuoco in the head with it, and then aimed at her temple and fired. Buttafuoco fell to the ground, severely wounded. Fisher dropped the shirt and the gun and ran towards the car, but Guagenti told her to take the evidence with her, so she ran back to retrieve both items and then they both fled the scene. Neighbors called 911 and came to Buttafuoco's aid. She was operated on all night, and although unable to remove the bullet, the doctors were able to save her life.[8]
In early January 2008, Fisher announced that she had settled with Red Light and agreed to do a related promotional appearance. The same announcement indicated that she and Bellera had reconciled.[13] The promotional appearance took place at Retox in New York City on January 4, 2008.[24] Clips of the video were played on The Howard Stern Show. On March 6, 2008, Fisher was a guest on the Stern show, and one topic of discussion was meant to be her video. But after the first phone call, which was from Mary Jo Buttafuoco's daughter Jessica, Fisher left the show six minutes into her interview.[25]
For the last two years, I’ve been rocking a Timbuk2 Swig* as my go bag. It’s been a faithful companion through two biking seasons, daily grocery runs and numerous weekend overnighters without showing a glimpse of wear. I rarely leave the house without it, and have been consistently amazed by how much stuff I can cram into it: UPS shipments, groceries, and just last week, a half sheet tray. From the time Rachel and I decided to go on this trip, I’ve lamented not being able to take this bag with me — I just didn’t imagine that I’d be able to fit three months of clothes into it. But after John left that night, out of curiosity, I moved the contents from my hiking pack into my Timbuk2 bag.
PieLab operated out of temporary quarters for four months. HERO, under the direction of Pam Dorr, served as host and landlord. Six years earlier, Dorr left a job as a production manager for the Gap in California to join the social-service efforts in Hale County. Dorr collaborated with Project M on earlier projects, finding practical applications for their ideas. To support PieLab, she secured government grants, helped build ties in the community and served as a hands-off adviser.
The following evening, with political positions increasingly entrenched, supporters gathered for the evening session at the Spanish Football Federation’s Las Rozas headquarters. Piqué has been whistled playing for Spain before but he admitted he had not expected the intensity of what awaited him on Monday. Some carried banners demanding he leave the national team. There were reports that his relationship with the captain, Sergio Ramos, had broken down and worse is expected when Spain play Albania in Alicante on Friday. The situation appeared to have become unsustainable.
Piqué, who said he had decided to speak because he wanted to find a solution and because it was not fair on his team-mates who have grown “tired” of the issue to have to face endless questions about him, said that it “hurt” that people questioned his commitment to the national team. He said he had thought about departing in the wake of the referendum, but also that he had thought about continuing after 2018 – the date he had previously set for his international departure. “I don’t want to leave out the back door,” he said.
The discovery indicates that ancient wanderers out of Africa left the coast and inhabited diverse habitats much earlier than previously appreciated.
Protesters said the current minimum pay leaves working families living in poverty.
The 53-year-old said he has little left after paying his housing costs, buying food and paying for gas.
Maine Second-District Congressman Bruce Poliquin visited Nason Park Manor, a senior living community in Bangor, on Tuesday to hold a press conference on issues important to older Mainers. When seniors asked questions about his vote for the Republican health care repeal bill, however, he refused to answer and quickly left the facility.
After the presentation, in which Poliquin discussed a bill to sell federal buildings in order to give a one-time boost in Social Security payments, residents and guests again attempted to ask questions. The congressman didn’t answer any and quickly left through a side door.
Mallozzi went on to say that he pitched a much shorter final season to Syfy to wrap up the story, which was left on a cliffhanger. Unfortunately, they weren't interested in doing that, so he's now attempting to get another network to step up to the plate and save the show.
Sidebuttons/blockout pieces for left and right side
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
“Right now, cable companies decide exactly what programming is bundled with what other programming and at what price it’s offered. Those sorts of decisions would be best left to consumers themselves,” Derakhshani said.
“What they’re selling is their big bundle of programming. In many cases, it comes down to take it or leave it,” Polka said. “Not one of these [cable and satellite] providers wants to be without [channels] carried by their competitors. Consequently, because of the competitive threat we face, we all agree to pay for the bundle.”
The incident is the latest in an apparent series of violent and near-violent encounters in and near the city’s Boystown gay neighborhood that have prompted local residents to demand more action from the West Hollywood Sheriff’s Station and express concern about their safety. Previous incidents have occurred on Santa Monica Boulevard near San Vicente in the heart of the gay nightlife district. The assault of Kirk Doffing on Memorial Day weekend near Rage, the gay bar, which left him in a medically induced coma for weeks, sparked a major outcry for improvements in policing the area. In response, the Sheriff’s Station received additional funding from the city to add a four-person foot patrol in the area six nights a week, replacing a previous two-person patrol. There have also been nighttime robberies on Santa Monica Boulevard and on Palm Avenue, where an employee of a gay bar was stabbed and his companion was beaten in December. While the gay nightlife area is concentrated on Santa Monica Boulevard between San Vicente and Robertson, the Starbucks coffee shop on Santa Monica near Westmount, several blocks east, is the prime daytime social spot for gay men in West Hollywood, many of whom work from there. It is known by its gay customers as “Gaybucks” or “BGS” (Big Gay Starbucks.)
There are such subtle story-lines throughout the piece. On the right side of the cab are a series of images: the first panel features a small image of a termite; the middle panel depicts a child eating crayons, and the last (at the front of the cab) shows a mustached man eating an ear of corn. Decoded: the termite “harvests” as it eats its surroundings; a small child mouths things as a way to understand and explore; and, after tens of thousands of years, humans finally figured out how to effectively combine the two impulses in the act of tending crops. Read from left to right the series gets further and further from direct interaction with one’s surroundings. More intriguing, when read from right to left the viewer gets more and more uncomfortable as it transitions from a normal meal, to a parent’s concern of germs, ending in the disgust that insects bring.
The spectacle of the piece — and the pilgrimage necessary to see it — was disarming and effective. As viewers drove up, they had to stop and disembark from their cars, they had to leave the asphalt of the city behind and step onto the field to see the work.
Usually by the time police find a lab, there is nothing left but a cancerous bog. At some site, the chemicals in the soil cause the earth to spontaneously ignite. California's "cooks" empty their kettles in the dirt so that the cost of mopping up doubles yearly. It reached close to $7 million last year, second in the state only to oil spills.
The popularity of methamphetamine is directly altering society. A number of violent crimes can be traced directly to meth users. Clandestine laboratories contribute to health and environmental problems. The average age of drug users is continuing to decline. Addicts are left financially, spiritually, and emotionally empty because of meth. Everyone reaps the consequences. Society no longer has the control...Methamphetamine does.
I heard this one a lot when students actually wanted to express that they were bored. And while I admit, it was a bit entertaining for me to hear these young adults call themselves boring, you could easily be making the same mistake in Spanish! But not to worry, we’ll keep it simple and leave out the verb aburrir(se), so this is all you need to know:
Learn all the vocabulary in any video with FluentU’s Learn Mode. Swipe left or right to see more examples of the word you’re on.
Mutko had been defiant at the World Cup draw in Moscow this month, dismissing calls for him to leave his role as front-man of the tournament.
But more broadly, Trump’s slashing anti-trade rhetoric as well as Hillary Clinton’s opposition to the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership — following on the heels of the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the European Union — are such significant rebukes they are causing many officials to re-examine some of their most cherished assumptions.
Eight people fell victim to armed gunmen Friday into Saturday morning in five separate robberies that were reported in different areas of New Orleans. New Orleans police said the armed robberies were reported between 10:30 a.m. Friday and 4 a.m. Saturday in areas including the Upper Ninth Ward and Gentilly. The first robbery was reported just before 10:30 a.m. in the 1100 block of Louisa Street. Police said a 32-year-old man was approached by two or three men who struck him several times with a gun. The robbers took the victim's bicycle and money before leaving. Officials said the second robbery was reported after 2 p.m. in the 5100 block of Arts Street. The victim, a 19-year-old man, was robbed at gunpoint by two people whom police said he knows. The third robbery was reported after 5:30 p.m. in the 6000 block of Wildair Drive. Detectives said two men and a woman were in a vehicle when three men surrounded them. One of the culprits took out a gun and demanded their property. Police said the victims complied and the men left in a vehicle. Over near Delgado Community College, officials said the fourth robbery was reported just after 1:30 a.m. in the 5400 block of Vicksburg Street. Two men with guns approached a 47-year-old man who was sitting on his front porch. Detectives said the man demanded the victim's belongings. The man brought both men inside his home to get his money. Once the robbers were inside, the two met met with another man and demanded his money. Both robbers left the home with items that belonged to the two men, police said. The fifth robbery was reported just after 4 a.m. in the 1800 block of Henriette Delille Street. Detectives said a 57-year-old man was approached by two men, one of whom struck him in the head with a blunt object and demanded his property. Officials said the victim complied and the two robbers left with his bicycle and other property. Additional details about the robberies have not been released. Detectives have not provided descriptions of the robbers. Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
Opening her eyes, Anna turned her left and opened her mouth to ask Rapunzel a question.
"Hey, Elsa," she said to the girl next to her. "Don't leave my side, okay? It's really big and we don't want you to get lost. Okay?"
Before Eugene or Rapunzel could say a word, Anna had burst forward, running towards a shock of blonde hair. Elsa seemed to be sniffing something along the wall of the food court, turning around in circles. The two adults left seated at the table watched in confusion as Anna reached Elsa and pushed her away from her spot.
[…] Two two sources briefed on the meeting told The New York Times that Bannon met with Rebekah Mercer, the daughter of major Republican donor Robert Mercer, last Friday. According to the newspaper, the meeting took place in Mercer’s office at Cambridge Analytica in New York and focused on possibilities for Bannon if he decides to leave the White House. (read more)
I recall telling the President at the time, as we were driving back to our headquarters, that, after Stalin left the room and got back to his own headquarters, it would dawn on him, and the following day the President would have a lot of questions to answer. President Truman thought that most probable. He devoted some time in talking to me that evening as to how far he could go — or should go.
This is racism, not Buddhism by Sanitsuda Ekachai, The Bangkok Post, Sept 5, 2012 Bangkok, Thailand -- How do you feel when you see rows of stern-looking Buddhist monks marching through the streets in full force to call for violent treatment of the downtrodden? << Myanmar Buddhist monks rally on the streets of Mandalay (AFP) That was what thousands of Myanmar monks did when they took to the streets in temple-studded Mandalay on Sunday to support the government's brutal persecution of stateless Muslim Rohingya. What were they thinking? The world is full of injustice. But isn't it the business of monks to advise against it, and not to be supportive of any form of prejudice and human cruelty? Aren't empathy and non-exploitation the key words in Buddhism? Aren't monks supposed to devote their lives to deepening spiritual practice in order to see through the different layers of we-they prejudice so that compassion prevails in their hearts, words, and actions? Many people outside Myanmar were asking these questions because the anti-Rohingya monks were the same ones who dared challenge the government in 2007 to champion the people's cause, and who themselves faced a violent crackdown by the military junta. If the Buddha's words were not important to them when they took to the streets, then what was? The answer is quite simple - racist nationalism. The monks do want justice for people, but just for their own kind. As part of the dominant ethnic Bama Buddhists, they believe deeply the dark-skinned Rohingya are illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, aggressive outsiders who will steal land from the Buddhist folk. The monks therefore feel that it is just to support the government to eliminate the perceived threats to their motherland, their ethnicity, and their religion. Call it patriotism, ultra-nationalism, ethnic prejudice, or racism. Whichever the label, it is mired in the we-they prejudice that divides people, fosters hatred, and triggers violence - everything Buddhism cautions against. But should people who live in glass houses throw stones? Our monks may still stop short of marching in the streets to call for the elimination of Malay Muslim separatists, but they have done so several times to call for a law which will help them retain supremacy over other religions. Every time I cover their Buddhism-for-national-religion campaigns, I never fail to hear their deep suspicions of Islam. Meanwhile, bombs have blasted and killed people for eight years running in the restive South, yet we never hear our monks mentioning any concern about justice for the locals, nor for the need to open political space for Malay Muslims to voice their needs, address inequalities, and to extinguish the root causes of ethnic frustration and violence. Instead, we see monks taking the defensive and dangerous route of ordaining soldiers to increase their number while allowing temples to be used as barracks. Like their peers in Myanmar, our monks are in full support of the military to maintain the supremacy of the Buddhist majority. If violence must be used in this suppression, so be it. But Thailand is also witnessing a rapid growth of lay Buddhism which focuses on meditation retreats and core Buddhist teachings. Can this movement act as a voice of sensibility when the country is mired in political divisiveness? If that's your expectation, be prepared to be disappointed. For its members, too, generally share the belief that the elimination of perceived threats is necessary, like the need to eliminate germs and diseases to restore one's health. When this is your mindset - left or right, red or yellow, pro-or anti-establishment - you'll believe the use of hate speech, half truths, and violence by your camp is perfectly all right. No, we are not Buddhists. We may pray to the Buddha and close our eyes to meditate, but what shapes our thoughts, words, and actions is ideological extremism of all different shades. The Buddha's path leads to peaceful co-existence and sharing. Ideological extremism leads to control, suppression, and winner-takes-all. If left to fester, ideological extremism and race-based nationalism will breed more violence. The country's goal of regional integration will be sheer nonsense. And for both monks and lay Buddhists, all those longs hours of meditation will be simply wasted.
Woman’s Day magazine claims the Australian actress left “some observers wondering whether she’d had a few too many pre-show wines.”
A few conservatives do realize the game has changed. George Will wrote last week that Mr. Obama was Reaganesque in the stylistic sense that “his manner lulls his adversaries into underestimating his sheer toughness — the tempered steel beneath the sleek suits.” John and Cindy McCain get it too, which is why both last week made a point (he on “The Daily Show,” she on “Today”) of condemning negative campaigning. But even if Mr. McCain keeps his word and stops trying to portray Mr. Obama as the man from Hamas , he can’t disown the Limbaugh axis of right-wing race-mongering. That’s what’s left of his party’s base.
What truely happened in Roswell, NM that hot July night in 1947? certainly you have heard of the incident in Roswell that has remained an argument still to these days. there's absolute confidence that something crashed to the dessert that night, however there appears to be no robust drawn conclusion among the various theories. Was it a weather balloon or an alien UFO? an oversized cluster of individuals still say that the U.S. military and administration officials has several questions they've failed to answer regarding the Roswell crash. These theorists claim there was a massive conspiracy to cover up what truely happened. Whatever it truely was that crashed, left a path of rubbish reaching nearly a mile long and a around a few hundred feet wide. 1st discovered by an area ranch manager, the rubbish was recovered by the 509th Bombardment cluster Intelligence workplace with Major Jesse Marcel at the lead.
In the case of a supermarket full of foul-mouthed food, these debates are brought about by a talking hot dog (Seth Rogen) that’s desperate to enter his bun girlfriend (Kristen Wiig). All the food in the supermarket believes when you’re chosen by the Gods, a.k.a. humans shopping in the store, you are brought to the Great Beyond, a place where everything is going to be wonderful. They think its heaven, basically. But when one bottle of honey mustard is returned to the store, he starts planting the seeds of truth that lead Rogen’s character on a quest through the supermarket to discover that humans kill food when they leave the supermarket.
(Someone ransacked my apartment, left it in shambles... even my house, someone went there, looking for me.)
Above: Sure, some ramp is better than no ramp, but to leave three steps uncovered really does reek of laziness.
Digne has a couple of senior seasons under his belt but he wasn’t even the best left back at the recent FIFA under-20 World Cup in Turkey. Marquinhos has only played one season Europe and PSG decided that was enough the make him the 5th most expensive defender in history.
Several schools in mainly Christian villages also opened their doors. New arrivals are desperate for mattresses and blankets, having left carrying only a plastic bag with a few clothes. Some said they had to leave their cars behind at check points and walk for many hours to safer regions.
“Christian families are terrified”, one declared. A Christian man in Mosul said during a phone call: “I was able to make my wife and children leave Mosul, but now I am stuck in the house and can’t move.”
An elderly woman and her adult daughter are still in their house in Mosul. They posted on social media: “God, please save us and Mosul”. They said only they and one other family are left in their neighbourhood, all others have escaped.
Less than two hours later it was back on the ETR at Highway 401 and Ninth Line in Mississauga. The car was driven east to Scarborough and it left the toll road at Kennedy Rd. for a total of 112 kilometres driven.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
Those same piles were a gold mine for creating the debris fields in front of the steel staircases on the left side of each set.
“My mother was assassinated because she stood between the rule of law and those who sought to violate it, like many strong journalists,” he said in a post on Facebook. “But she was also targeted because she was the only person doing so. This is what happens when the institutions of the state are incapacitated: the last person left standing is often a journalist.”
In June 2014, jihadist fighters led by ISIS seized control of Mosul and ordered the city’s Christian community to convert to Islam, pay a special tax, leave or face execution.
Unfortunately, all this social intelligence has been wildly misunderstood. We have, apparently, left many people with the impression that we’re mapping our personal lives with the same precision that we plot our careers—that we’re “putting off” marriage, as if falling in love was something you could plan. As if we were gazing at our misty-eyed suitors and saying, “You’re amazing and I love you madly. But I’m focusing on my career right now. Sucks about the timing, but what can you do?”
Miller said he became concerned during an emergency room visit in late March that he didn’t have much time left to live. In several phone calls to the Associated Press, Miller said he killed the three because he thought he was dying and he felt it was his duty. He said he regretted shooting the teenager.
Science is being used against us, in marketing, in video game design, in everything we do. It is not to say that the science is evil, or that somehow knowing how to make you buy something that you do not need is forbidden knowledge. But we have to be willing to cope with the fact that we are starting to understand how to manipulate people on a level that they can’t control. I leave it to others to decide the ethical implications that come with that.
I thank you all for reading, and I hope you had a happy set of Holiday’s this past Thanksgiving. I think I shall leave you with the inspiration for this little wall of text.
“The Senate has really left those historical roots,” Udall said.
Shape Created with Sketch. Game of Thrones season 5 cast Show all 9 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Game of Thrones season 5 cast 1/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Oscar-nominated New Zealand actress Keisha Castle-Hughes will play the fiery Obara Sand, one of Prince Oberyn’s illegitimate daughters, who is seeking revenge for her father’s murder at the hands of the Mountain in season four Getty Images 2/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Nymeria “Nym” Sand will be played by Jessica Henwick, her best known role to date is in television series Silk and Spirit Warriors BBC 3/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Jonathan Pryce will star as the High Sparrow, a religious figure who could be making waves in King’s Landing Getty Images 4/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Alexander Siddig, who will be playing Doran Martell, the stoic ruler of Dorne and the older brother of the gruesomely slain Oberyn Getty Images 5/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Enzo Cilenti (left) will take on the part of the slave trader Yezzan Rex Features 6/9 Game of Thrones season 5 London-born star DeObia Oparei will play Areo Hotah, the loyal protector of Doran Martell Getty Images 7/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Rosabell Laurenti Sellers will play Tyene Sand, one of the illegitimate daughters of Oberyn Martell, the Prince of Dorne Getty Images 8/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Myrcella Baratheon will be played by newcomer Nell Tiger Free Rex Features 9/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Newcomer Toby Sebastian will take on the role of Trystane Martell, the youngest son of Doran 1/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Oscar-nominated New Zealand actress Keisha Castle-Hughes will play the fiery Obara Sand, one of Prince Oberyn’s illegitimate daughters, who is seeking revenge for her father’s murder at the hands of the Mountain in season four Getty Images 2/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Nymeria “Nym” Sand will be played by Jessica Henwick, her best known role to date is in television series Silk and Spirit Warriors BBC 3/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Jonathan Pryce will star as the High Sparrow, a religious figure who could be making waves in King’s Landing Getty Images 4/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Alexander Siddig, who will be playing Doran Martell, the stoic ruler of Dorne and the older brother of the gruesomely slain Oberyn Getty Images 5/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Enzo Cilenti (left) will take on the part of the slave trader Yezzan Rex Features 6/9 Game of Thrones season 5 London-born star DeObia Oparei will play Areo Hotah, the loyal protector of Doran Martell Getty Images 7/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Rosabell Laurenti Sellers will play Tyene Sand, one of the illegitimate daughters of Oberyn Martell, the Prince of Dorne Getty Images 8/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Myrcella Baratheon will be played by newcomer Nell Tiger Free Rex Features 9/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Newcomer Toby Sebastian will take on the role of Trystane Martell, the youngest son of Doran
Neh. 6:1 Now it came to pass when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates;)
6:3 And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
They can leave the church, but they can’t leave it alone.
Two jihadist groups have asserted responsibility for last week’s attack on the Radisson Blu Hotel, which left at least 20 people dead in the bustling capital, hundreds of miles from the vast desert region where Islamist militias normally operate. Experts differ on the possible motive, with U.N. officials insisting the attack was an effort to derail the peace talks and others suggesting it was part of a new muscle-flexing rivalry between pro-al-Qaeda and pro-Islamic-State groups in the region.
Ken Anderson, 47, says his parents left him when he was a teenager in the western province of British Columbia, according to Canadian media reports.
Mr Anderson says he was left behind at 15 when his parents and younger brother moved from the British Columbian town of Osoyoos to the province's Kootenays region.
Police were left with little option but to open fire, they said. Yet they used a fragmentation bullet, the kind which splinters inside the target.
Even so, Norway was ready to unleash a real storm in the dying seconds. First Mats Zuccarello came charging over the blue line, but Markstrom produced a glove save to win that duel and send Norway to the bench for a time-out. And the tactical rethink paid off: Jonas Holos shot from the blue line and Andreas Martinsen slammed his stick down on the slot to deflect the puck into the net to leave the Swedes with an an anxious 90 seconds to navigate.
The only clue to her fate, and they weren’t even sure at the time it was one, were the leaves in a tree near the body. They had been burned.
Chaney said she pleaded with him, informing him that her menstrual period had started that day, but the officer accused her of being "aggressive." When she told a supervising officer that the way they were being treated was "a travesty," she said that officer marched her over to the nearest elevator, yelling the entire time, and said she was welcome to leave the building. Without her maxi pads, she decided to leave.
Ghosh is not optimistic. “The establishment of massive Saudi-funded Madrasas across rural Bengal is only contributing to the growing religious extremism among Muslims, [and] implementation of Sharia laws by [Islamic] courts is quite prevalent in many villages.” His greatest fear, he tells me, is that one day shouts of “Allahu Akbar” will ring out across the land and that Muslim zealots will demand that Hindus either convert or leave West Bangal—or die.
Adams claims that Parker actually wants to leave LGBT people “more vulnerable to abuse” and that the policy “will eke into the community and set up a very tragic situation.” She suggests instead of allowing transgender people to identify as they choose, that the jail offer conversion therapy to transgender inmates; Butts claims, “The mental health field has an excellent track record in treating transgendered people to conform to their biological gender.” In fact, major medical groups including the American Medical Association and the American Psychological Association oppose the practice of reparative therapy.
I think all the difficulty physicists have had comes from ignoring that. You shouldn’t ignore it. And the point is, I believe the mathematics gets simplified if you feed it in. If you leave it out, you make things more difficult for yourself.
A friend of mine, John Polkinghorne, left physics just as I was going in; he went into the church and became a theologian. We had a discussion on my 80th birthday and he said to me, “You’ve got nothing to lose; you just go ahead and think what you think.” And that’s what I’ve been doing. I’ve got all the medals I need. What could I lose? So that’s why I’m prepared to take a gamble that a young researcher wouldn’t be prepared to take.
Finally, eight days after the shooting down, in Ukraine, of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, the remains of some of the two hundred and ninety-eight victims are being returned to their families. Haunting photographs show dozens of coffins being transported in hearses from Eindhoven Air Base toward Hilversum, a small city southeast of Amsterdam, where they will be turned over to forensics experts. Wednesday was declared a national day of mourning in the Netherlands, home to a hundred and ninety-four of the dead—the country’s first such observance in more than fifty years. Elsewhere, including in Malaysia and Australia, governments are preparing to receive what’s left of their citizens who were aboard the doomed flight.
Has that triple lock now been broken? I doubt it. We already know that Russia’s energy sector—which supplies power to many European countries, not just Germany—is likely to escape most of the new restrictions. The exact terms of the arms embargo have yet to be decided, but it isn’t expected to have any effect on existing contracts, such as France’s delivery, later this year, of a Mistral warship. That leaves the new financial sanctions, and I’d be willing to wager that they won’t be as draconian as they might appear, either.
Here, both "pot" and "rock" are left out. Again, we can probably get over this pretty quickly. The kids, etc. We don't want the kids smoking marijuana and crack rocks trying to imitate their hero, the lead singer of Sublime's mom. If they want to hit the bottle a little, though, that might be OK, because we're pretty hip parents. Maybe we'll give them a bit of wine next time we have one of our little dinner parties. Oh, come on, honey, the Europeans do it. Don't be that way.
We'll start with "Santaria," which still gets plenty of play on the nation's "alternative rock" stations. To the extent that the song is about anything in particular, it deals with the protagonist's angst over his girlfriend having left him for some guy:
But hark! Here, the "ass" in "drunk-ass" is silenced out in radio play. On the one hand, we don't want to darken the innocence of the kids, who are just trying to listen to the song about the child prostitute without having their virgin ears assaulted with filth. On the other hand, you may recall that the phrase "punk-ass," as applied to intended murder victim Sancho, was left intact. I don't think I could think up even a facetious explanation as to why "punk-ass" is OK but "drunk-ass" simply must be censored.
The meteorology professor Davis Logsdon, of the University of Minnesota, issued a safety warning to residents of the states hammered by the historic low temperatures: “If you are living within the range of the polar vortex and you have something idiotic to say about climate change, do not leave your house.”
The lesson I want to leave you with is that no matter how much you plan and scheme, the players could always go left instead of right. So don’t fight it. Say “Yes and…” and keep on gaming.
In 1979 BIA, Triaxicles (Strategos of the Southern Seas) in one of seventh and final war between the Second Empire and the Halicanisid Seraphate. From the Empire's assets on the eastern coast of the Greenwater Sea he launched an invasion, bested armies four times the size of his and (with reinforcements from the Empire Proper) pushed into the heart of the Second Empire's long time rival. In three years he had conquered the bulk of the Seraphate and left the rest to break apart. He was recalled in 2874 BIA to stand before the five Archons and was offered a boon from the Council of Archons of anything they could provide. What he asked for was that the League of Five become the League of Six, with his own city becoming a senior member of the League along with the five founding member states. This request was refused and he refused any other boon offered to him. This move intensified a rift between the alliance's Senior and Junior partners and after Triaxicles' assassination in 1968 BIA (who was responsible for doing so has been a subject of scholarly debate to this day) eventually culminated in civil war.
Thirty Seven junior members went out and formed The League of Thirty Seven to contest control of the league from the old capital. Fighting continued as border regions declared independence from the league, were over run by barbarians, were reaped by Dark Elves (who also acted as mercenaries for each side while for the most part refusing to fight other Drow forces). After thirteen years of fighting and the deaths of millions of subjects, the League of Five had lost more than 70% of it's territory, with 30% of it's former territory in the hands of the League of Thirty Seven and the remaining 40% lost to both. It's wealth spent, most of it's best forces dead and large sections of it's farmland and infrastructure in ruins and much of it's forces dedicated to garrisoning contested territory and guarding new boarders the Second Empire was left vulnerable and would continue in decline for another twenty years until the forces of the ascendant Third Empire came and absorbed what remained.
We will leave the task of sorting out the grisly details behind the tragic death to the LAPD. But whether the water had become dangerously contaminated is a different issue. The question before us, then, is this: how quickly does a dead person decompose? And what effect, if any, does the fact that her body was found floating in water have on the rate of decomposition?
So, rather than a public-health crisis, we are left with miffed, on-a-budget tourists with a story to tell, a hotel that will likely go under from the bad publicity, and yet another grim, unexplainable death, once again of a young person drawn to the flash and eternal promise of L.A. only to find a boulevard of broken dreams—the one true Hollywood ending, one we all have seen far too many times.
Panning helps you control the width of a mix. It’s the left to right breadth of the stereo field. Panning allows for sounds to be placed in your mix properly. Either to the left, or the right of the stereo center. Keep your heavier or lower sounds near the centre. This means the bass or the kick. Use them as a centring force that you can work around. If everything is panned centrally, your mix will sound flat or crowded.
"We will leave no stone unturned in what we're looking for," Mr Colvin said.
If the court is split ideologically, the case could end in a 4-4 tie following Justice Antonin Scalia's death in February. That would leave the programs in limbo, almost certainly through the end of Obama's presidency.
Verrilli told the justices that they could get rid of the phrase and essentially leave the programs unchanged. "If the court thinks it's a problem and wants to put a red pencil through it, it's totally fine," he said.
Alemonger says: Pilsner? Really? Makes Miller’s claim “taste a real Pilsner” seem plausible. Reminded me of what you might pour out of the bottom of an open Fritos bag if it were left out in the rain, i.e. corn juice. And not the high fructose variety either! At least THAT can be really tasty.
Pilsner? Really? Makes Miller’s claim “taste a real Pilsner” seem plausible. Reminded me of what you might pour out of the bottom of an open Fritos bag if it were left out in the rain, i.e. corn juice. And not the high fructose variety either! At least THAT can be really tasty. G-LO says: Bland bland bland. Where is that hint of bitterness and maltiness that I crave from a Pilsner? This one made me long for a Bud/Miller/Coors. At 67 cents a can, I say throw in 8 more cents and buy yourself a can of soda.
Visual Stress Clinic Although each eye sees a separate image, these images are blended in the brain into one single picture. The eyes are rarely completely straight. In most of us, they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing. If our eyes drift too much, this can cause headaches and discomfort, especially when reading. The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level. It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous. Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles. 'I want to see properly' Megan Slater, 15, is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school: "I want to be able to see properly - I don't want to be frustrated. WHAT TO LOOK FOR If your child is having difficulties at school, check if the following apply: They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading They complain of the print becoming blurry They find it easier to read on a coloured background They rub their eyes after reading for a while They often lose their place when reading aloud They often misread short words "When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry." Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university, studying biochemistry. "I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print," she said. "After 20 minutes I'd usually be asleep in the library, it was exhausting. "I've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results." Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed. The reason is that the condition isn't easily spotted in a routine eye test. You could have 20/20 vision and still have binocular instability. Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway, who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University, diagnosis is a problem. She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability. Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access. On the High Street, only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition. Funding is another key issue. Professor Bruce Evans, director of research at the Institute of Optometry, has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability. He said: "We have had sympathy from politicians, but so far no promises of proper funding for this. It has been a very frustrating process." Significant problem There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition. WHAT TO DO If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and/or Visual Stress (Mears-Irlen Syndrome: Get a regular eye test (they are free now on the NHS) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year, as their sight changes all the time If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses, or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test, ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively, ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems. "This is affecting a sizable number of our children," she said. "Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems, we should be campaigning in the streets about this." And the condition also runs in families, so if the problem isn't spotted, you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is. After all, how does a five-year-old child know how reading should feel? The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful. Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself, and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress, also known as Meares-Irlen Syndrome. Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms. And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself. According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems, as many as 80% appear to have binocular instability and/or visual stress. "When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population, it's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions" said Nadia. Edi Stark presents Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST.
Visions received positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 80, based on 42 reviews, which indicates "critical acclaim".[52] Lindsay Zoladz of Pitchfork awarded the album a "Best New Music" designation, claiming it "showcases a streamlined aesthetic, resulting in a statement that feels focused, cohesive, and assured. It's simple enough to leave room for Grimes to grow, but this thing is so compulsively listenable it's hard to come away from it wanting much more".[59] The A.V. Club's Evan Rytlewski commented that on Visions, Grimes "continues her march toward accessibility, rendering hazy, quixotic sketches into tangible, hook-heavy electro-pop".[54] Jon Caramanica of The New York Times hailed Visions as "one of the most impressive albums of the year so far".[63] Rebecca Nicholson of The Guardian described Visions as a "smart, funny album, and it's almost impossible not to dance to it".[56] Clash's Matthew Bennett wrote, "With 4AD's renewed vigor in all affairs electronique and Boucher's coherent elevation in both song quality and hook there'll be no stopping this creative, sensual explosion of humanity called Grimes."[64] Benjamin Boles of Now called the album "richly textured and inventive", noting that "while Visions is unmistakably 2012 sonically in its references to R&B and hip-hop, it also fits remarkably gracefully into 4AD's impressive back catalogue of dream pop".[3]
On Tuesday night, Balotelli touched down in the Cote d'Azur. Then on transfer deadline day, he underwent a medical and signed a contract with Nice. To call it box office -- even if it has caused quite a stir in France during a window when Zlatan Ibrahimovic and David Luiz left Ligue 1 -- would still be an overstatement.
When he moved to Liverpool, his agent Mino Raiola made no secret that it was his client's last chance in the calcio che conta -- the football that matters. He even revealed to La Gazzetta dello Sport that he had made a bet with Balotelli. "You've got a four-year contract and I am not getting you out of it. Either you leave Liverpool for 60 or 70 million and I win my bet or you die there." Raiola lost his bet. Balotelli has gone from being his highest-profile, most-talked-about client along with Ibrahimovic to the one we see and hear little of. Pogba has eclipsed him. Romelu Lukaku and Blaise Matuidi are subjects of greater interest.
Going back to Serie A would have been the wrong thing to do. It would have been romantic to see him at Bologna where great strikers from Beppe Signori to Roberto Baggio traditionally went to resurrect themselves, or Palermo, the city where he was born. But the media attention would have been too intense. He would never have been left alone even at Chievo. The other options were Ajax, Sion, Besiktas and Wolves. Again, with all due respect, that's how far his standing has fallen.
Empire's founder and former director Kinya Trotman died in March, but its camp and afterschool program continued, according to former employees, who say they have also been left in the lurch. They say Trotman's teenage son Kyree took over, but things deteriorated quickly.
"Them talking, calming us down in the huddle being those leaders and just reassuring us we were fine," Patrick Patterson said. "There was enough time left on the clock. They made their run but we can easily make ours and that is exactly what happened."
Could it be that having too many choices has left us dissatisfied with whichever one we choose - because we constantly fear another path in life could make us happier?
Show me a working mother who can concentrate 100 per cent on a meeting that starts half an hour before she absolutely has to leave in order to arrive at the nursery before it closes, and I'll show you a creature as rare as the unicorn.
That's the whole point. We're left staring into the empty nest, with absolutely no chance of filling it again, except spasmodically with the grandchildren.
If you leave the sapling of happiness alone, it will have a much better chance of setting down some roots and starting to thrive.
The NextScale announcement is really about possibility and the future, at least for HPC buyers. So far, this is an Intel-only offering, with support for GPUs and Xeon Phi coming in early 2014. While there were no timeframes stated for other additions, including Power, ARM or other processors, it stands to reason that IBM wouldn’t want to be left behind as others march to the beat of customer demand.
The inner stroke effect on the left (click the canvas to animate it) is created in the fragment shader using the signed distance from centre. We can also achieve line dashes, gradients, glows, and other effects by passing distanceAlongPath as another vertex attribute.
CONFLICT (modify/delete): README.md deleted in HEAD and modified in branch-b. Version branch-b of README.md left in tree. # Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result.
After the video was posted a school friend of Andrew Farrell's left a comment, saying: "He has extreme social difficulties, just to let you know.
Lenart: That would be a spoiler. We're trying to leave some stuff for the excitement of playing the game for the first time. She's still not a teenager, we'll say that.
Intoxicated individuals may be asked to leave the line or The Nightmare Machine at any time.
Toth was represented by attorney Kevin Spellacy. Toth has been on unpaid leave since the charges were filed.
Democratic leaders in New York scored two major progressive policy wins in their recent budget deal with Republicans who control the state senate—a $15 minimum wage by 2021 and 12 weeks of paid family leave for all workers. But a third progressive prize—a sweeping ethics reform package proposed in the wake of recent high-level corruption convictions—never made it into the budget package.
Corruption scandals have long plagued Albany, but the legislature’s tainted public image has worsened in recent years. Of the 33 state legislators who have left their seats because of criminal or ethical problems since 1999, more than half have stepped down since Cuomo took office in 2010. In its annual ranking of corruption in the states last year, the nonprofit Center for Public Integrity gave New York a D minus.
In response to a request for comment from the Prospect, Cuomo’s office pointed to comments he made in mid-March. "‎After the budget, you still have April, May, June, because the session goes until June and my opinion is nobody should leave Albany and end the session unless we at least do the pension forfeiture bill, the LLC loopholes, because I just think that would be inexplicable to the people of this state and the legislators are smart people. They know they go back and they run for election,” Cuomo said.
AP Photo/Mary Altaffer Former New York state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, center, leaves court, Tuesday, April 28, 2015, in New York.
On the same day as next week’s presidential primary elections in New York, there are also special elections to fill the seats left vacant by Silver in Manhattan and Skelos in Long Island. With the Republican majority in the Senate hanging by one seat, the race to succeed Skelos has become a heated political battle. Democrats tapped Assemblyman Todd Kaminski to run on a campaign built around a pro-reform agenda while Republicans chose an “outsider” unconnected with the tainted Albany political machine. Reformers liken the race to a referendum on state corruption, and say that if Kaminski wins it could provide a new impetus for ethics reform.
When she left to fetch me another smaller size, I went for bra #3. The knock came before I even had my boobs in the cups. Even though I had limited time, I began to feel too rushed between bras, so I let her know that I just needed a few more minutes. If anything, my only criticism of my experience this year and last year alike was the timing of the sales associate when I was in the fitting room. The store wasn’t crowded or anything. It takes me some time to get a bra on and then see and feel how it fits. I can’t do that if I only have 1-2 minutes to try on a bra and then the fitter comes back and removes the bras I tried for a mere 30 seconds.
In the end, I discussed my options with the associate at the checkout desk since they didn’t have the bra I wanted in the colorways and/or sizes I needed and left empty-handed (much to the dismay of my partner for whom the 45 minutes had felt like enough time to manufacture my own bras from scratch). For me the time flew by and there were tons more bras I wanted to try.
Don’t worry, fellow Whovian! I created this survival guide so you can find something to tide you over until series 10 airs. This is, by no means, a complete list of supplementary media as I left out a lot of things. If you want a quick fix, though, this will help you get started.
According to the report, this country is in the bottom ranks in terms of the pay gap between men and women; support for child care and parental leave is well below average; the country registers 57th for gender equality in Parliament's elected members; and it lacks a national strategy to halt violence against women.
The sum was raised by churches around the U.S. It was the first time Michelangelo’s Pieta left Old St. Peter’s Basilica. The pavilion was eventually relocated to Groton, Connecticut, where it became a church. You can see the interior above and the exterior here.
Toronto's DeMarre Carroll is questionable for Game 6 Friday in Miami after injuring his wrist in Toronto's 99-91 win on Wednesday. He has a left wrist contusion.
Like Carroll, Miami's Luol Deng left Game 5 in the third quarter with a left wrist injury.
Carroll crashed to the ground after running into a Miami player attempting to set a block and appeared to land awkwardly on his wrist. He was on the ground for some time, with teammates looking on as he was attended to under the Heat basket. When Carroll got up, he headed slowly to the Toronto locker-room in obvious pain, holding his left wrist.
Microsoft wrapped up its big event in New York this morning and left most Microsoft fans in awe. A flurry of announcements for both hardware and software in Microsoft’s future gave us all something to look forward to. It wouldn’t be a good Microsoft conference, however, without some incredible videos to give these announcements that extra bit of flair. Here are our favorites.
"I thought Vince came in and showcased himself well," Hartford coach Keith McCambridge said. "He showed good poise with the puck and possessed strong attributes that you usually don't see right away in defensemen who are just getting a feel for the pro game. For a player who just joined us at the end of his season, he came across as very motivated and professional. He left a good impression on us."
Kikaha appreciates why many would wonder if he can regain peak form following a third left anterior cruciate ligament tear since college, so he doesn’t take offense to the skepticism surrounding his comeback.
Now New Orleans has Kikaha lining up as a pass-rushing defensive end in a scheme that currently features four down linemen and three linebackers in its base formation. During practice in full pads Monday at Saints training camp, Kikaha, who’s been wearing a protective brace on his left knee, received snaps with the first-team defense.
The LeBron James Family Foundation has partnered with Akron Public Schools to charter the “I Promise School,” dedicated to students who might otherwise be left behind. The school is set to open for third and fourth graders in the fall of 2018. The school will expand to grades 1-8 in 2022.
Police questioned group members early in the week and allowed them to stay. But Saturday, after media inquiries, St. Louis County police officers ordered the Oath Keepers to leave the rooftops. Threatened with arrest for operating without a license, the volunteers argued but eventually left their positions early Saturday, Rhodes said. “We are going to go back as protesters,” [Oath Keepers founder Stewart] Rhodes said Saturday afternoon.
Holland (4-3), who missed most of the season with a left shoulder strain, allowed three hits and three runs in 6 1/3 innings for his first win since Sept. 5. The left-hander struck out six, including Kole Calhoun three times.
Josh Hamilton made a running over-the-shoulder catch in left field as he went to his knees and crashed into the wall. The Texas slugger had arthroscopic surgery to clean up the meniscus in his left knee Sept. 11. It was his third game in the outfield since surgery.
Sony's No Good Deeds was the top film on Friday, as the Idris Elba/Taraji P. Henson home invasion thriller earned a pretty terrific $8.8 million on its first day of release. The $13.5m thriller courted a bit of controversy this week when Sony decided at the last minute to pull all scheduled press screenings, citing their desire to keep secret a climactic plot twist. The critics did get their hands into the picture on Friday and as expected they were pretty brutal. Did Sony merely decide to not screen the film for critics because they knew it was a critic-proof movie anyway (they went through a period in early 2006 where they released a bunch of movies sans-press screenings to relative box office success)? Or did the scenes of Idris Elba stalking, beating, and (no spoilers) possibly killing women gave executives worry after the Ray Rice domestic violence situation? I'll leave you to speculate, but audiences didn't care and the end result is still a rock-solid debut weekend for the Will Packer-produced thriller.
One of the most notable leaders supporting the rebels against the “Russian oppression” in Afghanistan was a Western supported Osama Bin-Laden. A few years later, when there were nobody to fight against in Afghanistan he found new victims for his fight. Now in the Free Western World that supported him before, with all the tactical skills his people were studied by Western instructors. In Russia there is a proverb, something like “Don’t dig a hole for someone else, as you will fall into it yourself”, some Russian soldiers found that it was true in this occasion, after learning that those guy they fought for years, took over the Afghanistan after they left and started to fight now against his supporters.
"I hit a tee shot that bounced into the hazard and there was three or four balls down on the tide," Bettencourt said. "The tide was out on the beach, so we made our way down the hill there and his left heel caught a piece of moss on the rock. And I tried to grab him, was a couple inches away and the next thing I know, I mean, he hit his head twice on the rock. He just bounced."
Furyk leaves Pebble frustrated as winless streak continues
“Ever since I left the club I have always said that I wanted to come back in some capacity at some stage and this feels like a perfect fit, promoting the good name of Queens Park Rangers Football Club across a variety of mediums.
Edward Wytkind, the pointman on transport lobbying for the AFL-CIO labor group, urged policy leaders to learn from recent events, which he described as “unfortunate byproducts” of an imperfect system that leaves controllers chronically tired.
Charles Francatelli's Plain Cookery Book for the Working Classes (1852), meanwhile, is frank about the main attraction of the toad – its price. "To make this a cheap dinner, you should buy 6d. or 1s. worth of bits or pieces of any kind of meat, which are to be had cheapest at night when the day's sale is over. The pieces of meat should be first carefully overlooked, to ascertain if there be any necessity to pare away some tainted part, or perhaps a fly-blow, as this, if left on any one piece of meat, would tend to impart a bad taste to the whole, and spoil the dish" he writes, temptingly.
A good sausage is always a treat but tasty batter takes a little more work. I experiment with milk (Grigson), milk and water (Slater and Smith), milk and sparkling water (Simon Hopkinson and Lindsey Bareham) and milk and pale ale (Gayler). The all-milk pudding is definitely richer, but also noticeably softer and doughier. Water gives a crisper result, and sparkling water, as the authors note, an even lighter batter – but the flavour isn't as good. Using a mildly sparkling beer instead means the batter is both light and tasty, and handily leaves you with most of a bottle to enjoy while the toad cooks.
Like most other recipes, save for Smith's, the batter is left to rest for 15 minutes before use, which the Leith's Meat Bible helpfully explains allows the starch cells in the flour to swell, which apparently makes for a lighter end product. Smith says she's never found that it makes a difference, but as far as I'm concerned, the results speak for themselves: the toad don't lie.
Simon and Lindsey coat their sausages in ketchup and add sage leaves to their batter, both of which I find overpowering. A much happier a match, in my opinion, is Nigel Slater's wholegrain mustard, which studs the toad with crunchy seeds and lends a welcome heat to proceedings. That's about as fancy as Mr Toad should get.
2. Meanwhile put the eggs in a large bowl and beat, preferably with an electric hand whisk, until thick. Beat in the flour and milk alternately until smooth, then stir in the ale and mustard and leave to sit for 15 minutes.
“The cheering knew no bounds,” reported The Guardian. “He went as he had come, not with the other competitors, but alone. Behind him he left in the hearts of all spectators an imperishable impression – the impression of a solitary hero, to whom they would have liked to award the palm of victory, and for whom they made a scene of rare and remarkable enthusiasm.”
Two months later he boards a boat from Southampton to New York, where he has been challenged to a rematch with Hayes at Madison Square Gardens. He had, he said, “done absolutely no training since the day of the marathon” and had unsuccessfully asked for a delay “to give me an opportunity for some real training”. It was a very different occasion, run over 262 laps of an indoor track in an atmosphere heavy with dust and tobacco smoke, but was no less popular than the first: 20,000 fans fill the stadium, with 10,000 left disappointed outside. In what the New York Times described as “the most spectacular foot race that New York ever has witnessed”, Pietri won by half a lap, and again, more convincingly still, in a second rematch held the following March.
While isolated, the crew members wore space suits and travelled in teams whenever they left their small dome living structure. They ate mostly freeze-dried or canned food on their simulated voyage to Mars.
The Thirteen as a general concept works, but the full roster should never, EVER be filled out completely. Leave some members defined if only barely anything more than a name (Vector, Fallen, Maximo, Nexus) but leave it open for the various mythologies to fill in the blanks in their own way. These are mythological beings we're talking about, they should be defined just as much by untrue fantasy as hard facts.
The gladiatorial sacrifice was a giant spectacle the entire city would attend. The captives would be paraded in the streets followed by eagle and jaguar warriors to the sacrifice stone. The eagle and jaguar warriors would dance around the captives and display their shields and weapons to the crowds. Once they brought the captives to the sacrifice stone, they would be tied down to it to be ceremonially killed. The captives would be forced to drink pulque to intoxicate them. They would be painted and given a sword and a shield along with four cudgels to throw. The warriors would then attack the victim who was tied down to the sacrifice stone with an obsidian laced club. The club would be used for ceremonial use and would be decorated with feathers. He would be attacked by several warriors one at a time and then, if still alive, would be attacked by all four together. The warriors which fought during the gladiatorial sacrifice would be eagle and jaguar warriors. If the captive fought off all of them, he would then have to defend himself against a left handed warrior. If captives were not killed this way, then they would be killed the following day by the offering priests. The gladiatorial sacrifice was done as a ceremony, for the return of warriors with their captives. The gladiatorial sacrifices were held during the month of the Feast of the Flaying of Men.
Playing in the Maryland Major Soccer League, an affiliated league of the United States Adult Soccer Association, Christos FC play in what is the fourth/fifth tier of the US soccer pyramid. They’re the lowest ranked team left in the competition, and have already won three matches on the road to get to this point, and without conceding a goal in the process.
“I’ve talked to somebody back east that has been a very big proponent and is deeply involved in the League1 scenario,” TSS head coach Colin Elmes told AFTN. “I said to him, please give me a rational argument as to why PDL has been left out of this model. He did clear a couple of things up for me.
But as irked as they are at being left out, Elmes is at least happy that the CSA have started to open up the tournament beyond the current five participants. He would just love his team, and others, to be a part of it.
Critics accused the firm of ‘taking leave of its senses’. Facebook had said that while the images must not be posted for ‘sadistic pleasure’ they should be available for those who wish to condemn them.
Dr Arthur Cassidy, of suicide prevention group the Yellow Ribbon Program, said: ‘It only takes seconds of exposure to such graphic material to leave a permanent trace – particularly in a young person’s mind.’
John Carr, of the UK Council For Child Internet Safety, said: ‘Facebook has taken leave of its senses. Those videos will fuel countless nightmares among the young.’
Maguire was already reportedly under investigation by the RCMP. It's not clear whether his passport was seized or when it was revoked, although one MP said it was in the "later part of the winter" of 2013, shortly after he left Canada.
"His passport was revoked after he left the country, so his ability to return is very difficult ... though as you saw in the video, I don't think this guy has any intention of coming back to Canada," said James Bezan, parliamentary secretary to the minister of national defence, in an interview with CBC News Network's Power & Politics.
"If he was being monitored, why did he have the opportunity to leave the country and try and draw others in to an extremist cause and try and turn others against our country?" Easter said.
Upon boarding the plane, the imams dispersed. Two sat in the front of the plane, two in the middle, and two in the rear.[12] The flight crew and passengers observed them changing seats, and several of the men requested seat-belt extenders.[13] Crew members thought the request was odd, as none of the imams appeared overweight.[14] Although the extenders were provided, they were never used and were left on floor of the plane.[15] One passenger stated that she believed that the imams deliberately acted out as a part of an attempt to intimidate airline employees.[16] Another passenger said, "I can't explain it, but it was like they were definitely trying to raise suspicion."[17] The flight was delayed and the imams were removed from the plane by the airport police, questioned, and released after their plane had already departed.
So not only are we trying to restore nature to a balance that doesn’t seem to exist, but we’ve picked a rather arbitrary point in time to return it to: the moment when people first started paying attention. The only species we are capable of resurrecting are those that we know went extinct, those large and common enough to leave fossils, and those that we watched die off. So you see a familiar cadre of de-extinction candidates on the list: mammoths, passenger pigeons, thylacine tigers. These are all big animals that we are sure used to be around because they are large enough to leave an impact on human culture—or, as speaker Stanley Temple put it later in the afternoon, “species that I lamented as a boy.”
Joann Davis, a grandmother who says she was trying to raise money for her sick son, owned a piece of lunar material given to her late husband by Neil Armstrong himself in the 1970s. Her husband worked as an engineer for North American Rockwell, a NASA contractor during the Apollo era. Among other space heirlooms her husband left her when he died were a small piece of the Apollo 11 space capsule heat shield and a speck of moon rock encased in an acrylic dome.
After all this ruff manhandling that left deep bruises on her left side, Davis was allowed to go home (without the moon-rock though) and was never booked into a police station or charged.
This is why, however well meant, the “why not buy some veg from the local market and make a lovely stew?” rationale so often takes on the shrill ring of Marie Antoinette’s fabled suggestion about the poor eating cake.
Coe’s resignation doesn’t prove that there was any wrongdoing, even with the email that surfaced relating to Eugene (birthplace of Nike) winning the right to stage the 2012 World Athletics Championships without others being allowed to bid. As things stand, Coe’s conduct appears to have been above board. Nevertheless he has to stop this ludicrous sulking as if a big fuss is being made about nothing.
This is a prime example of a big fuss being made about… something. Obviously, it is not feasible for the president of IAAF simultaneously to be signed up as an ambassador to a major international sportswear company. Likewise, Coe’s main argument concerning the longevity of his association with Nike (38 years) is resentful, entitled nonsense.
The Reds made the free agent outfielder a two-year two-year offer earlier in the week, but John Fay of the Cincinnati Enquirer reported that at least one other club was being more aggressive on Ludwick. The 34-year-old posted a .275/.346/.531 batting line with 26 home runs in 472 plate appearances for the Reds this past season, a marked improvement from 2010-11 when he didn't hit more than 17 home runs or post an OPS above .750.
“To say this is a very dangerous book, we must ban it, this is ridiculous,” said Wolfgang Wippermann, a professor of modern history at the Free University of Berlin. “Maybe it was necessary once, but now it’s over, it makes no sense. You can find it so easily.”
The debate will soon be over, whether or not the latest excerpts make it to newsstands. German law extends copyright 70 years after the author’s death; after 2015, “Mein Kampf” will be fair game. Some in Bavaria’s government worry that neo-Nazis will publish their own version of the book shortly thereafter, and to counter that, they are encouraging a scholarly edition. A group of historians is preparing it.
I will still pick ClojureScript as the primary language for my personal projects. Also I’m fully aware that it adds limits to me so someday I still need to pick up some other languages to finish my work. It will be my big problem in the near future. I already see it and it made me feel sad that I can only write fast in ClojureScript. ClojureScript has some unique features that help me finished Stack Editor and Cumulo, but also trapped me here. I do hope that I learnt ClojureScript I can program all things I need, it’s always not true for any language.
This changed on the morning of January 19th 2017, when Daudi Were, the Executive Director at Ushahidi asked me to have sex with a colleague, presumably for his own titillation. The events of that night left me troubled and confused. I knew that what had happened to me was not right, but I thought it was an isolated incident and decided to forget it and attempted to move on. (For details of this, see here my statement on the events of the night as well as a transcript of the audio. Some of the names in the transcript have been altered to protect the identities of my former colleagues. Aside from this, no other alterations have been made to it).
Once I had made this decision in early March, I separately confided in two close friends that I was looking for a new job because I was uncomfortable with continuing to work at Ushahidi. When they asked why I was leaving, I shared with them some details of what had happened with Daudi. In the course of our conversations, I was stunned to learn that Daudi’s comments were not the isolated incident I had assumed but rather that he had a years’ long, widely-known reputation for sexually inappropriate conduct, socially and at work.
I have two main bones of contention. The first is Daudi’s behaviour. Based on the additional allegations made via tweets and offline discussions that have occurred since the news of my complaint came to light on 9th July, it would not be a stretch to call Daudi’s alleged behaviour predatory. Such predation is enabled by a culture of silence and secrecy that encourages victims of harassment to “not make a fuss” or “persevere” or “just ignore him until he gets tired or bored and goes away.” This culture leads many, many victims to not call out predatory behaviour and report it as the violence it actually is. This culture feeds into the victims’ fears that there is no point in speaking out against the harassment they face and leads them to feel like they have no option but to suffer in silence. This must stop! We cannot expect victims of harassment to speak up if they are (rightly) afraid that public opprobrium will follow.
My second bone of contention is the Board’s response. I have been deeply let down by the actions and inaction of David Kobia, Erik Hersman, Juliana Rotich and Jenny Stefanotti. Ever since I lodged my complaint on 4th May, I have been subjected to all the negative repercussions that make victims of harassment afraid to speak out:
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
Previous knowledge of similar allegations: Daudi has a long history of allegations of sexually harassing women from his days in the Kenya Blogger Webring (KBW), which was active in the mid to late 2000s. What is even more horrifying is that at least three of the Board members have known about Daudi’s alleged penchant for harassing women for a significant period of time. Juliana was an administrator at Kenya Unlimited as this was going on, while David Kobia was a co-founder and forum administrator at Mashada. Erik was also active online during this period and presumably was aware of these accusations. Even if he might not have heard of these allegations in the aughts, Erik Hersman was explicitly informed about allegations of sexual harassment against Daudi in late 2015 when a prominent Kenyan tech entrepreneur told him about them in November 2015. The allegations this time included sending unsolicited “dick pics” to women via DM on Twitter and making unwanted sexual advances to women within the Bishop Magua building (where Ushahidi, BRCK, GearBox and iHub were then located) and in the wider tech ecosystem. At this time Daudi was the acting Executive Director of Ushahidi Kenya. Despite all this knowledge, the Ushahidi Board made Daudi’s Executive Director position permanent in January 2016. Furthermore, even when presented with unequivocal proof of gross misconduct, as I did when I made my complaint on May 4th 2017, the board had to be subjected to intense public pressure before they did anything meaningful. For over nine weeks after I lodged this complaint, Daudi continued to act in his capacity as Executive Director: he participated in project meetings, strategy sessions and even international travel as the face of the organisation, including attending the 2017 Advancing Good Governance seminar and the 6th Annual Luxembourg Peace Prize Awards. He was only sent on compulsory leave on the same day that Quartz Africa ran a story (12th July). All through this ‘investigation’, the Board has bent over backwards to accommodate the requests of Daudi and his lawyer. Initially, they asked for the same level of procedure as a criminal court (e.g. witness lists and sworn statements) without having the authority to do so. Later, they turned around and insisted that it was an internal investigation and thus should exclude evidence from sources outside the company. The Board acceded to Daudi’s lawyer’s demands, apparently because they were afraid of a wrongful termination suit being filed by Daudi. This is at best disingenuous and at worst malicious. A company with the ethos Ushahidi purports to have should not shy away from doing what is right for fear of a lawsuit. Besides, had Daudi sued Ushahidi, he’d have effectively turned a private matter public as he would have had to declare why he was terminated. Court documents in Kenya are public documents: having my complaint and particularly that audio recording in the public domain logically went directly against his own best interests. Daudi’s explanation for the events of the evening was that he lost an earpiece of his hearing aid and Erik, as well as the Aberdare staff, were helping him look for it. I then allegedly joined them without invitation and refused to leave him so all his statements were made in an effort to get rid of me. However, at the time of our conversation, Erik had already retired to bed for the night. This can be attested to by any of the Ushahidi Team Members who were still at the bonfire. During the hearing, Erik did not correct Daudi on this point and in so doing, indirectly corroborated that untruth. Even if Erik had been awake, the fact that he was called upon as part of Daudi’s “alibi” should have clearly demonstrated his lack of independence. Erik should not have been a part of the panel that the Board constituted to investigate and make a decision. One cannot be a witness and judge in the same case! To date, Daudi still has his job: From the board’s latest update, Daudi has only been suspended. It is entirely possible that he may be reinstated in the company. This is despite the Board possessing audio evidence of him sexually harassing his junior as well as allegations from a plurality of victims which relate to multiple occurrences. Even with this, it still took public pressure for the Board to first send him on leave then suspend him. This is unacceptable. How are victims supposed to come forward if this is how a company with the reputation of Ushahidi handles these incidences?
As detailed extensively above, for some mysterious reason the Ushahidi board and leadership has been reluctant to take action even when presented with clear evidence about Daudi’s misconduct. This completely boggles the mind because this scandal poses an existential risk to Ushahidi as an organisation. The Nairobi grapevine was already buzzing with rumours of this complaint after it was made on 4th May. The board just seems to have gone out of its way to avoid dealing with my complaint.
5th July: At the hearing, the Board stated they needed a week to make their decision. This has now been revised to “7 working days to communicate its decision”
Military analysts who made frequent media appearances during the recent debate over a possible U.S. strike on Syria have ties to defense contractors and other firms with stakes in the outcome, according to a new study, but those links were rarely disclosed.
In some cases, the potential conflicts were clear-cut — such as board positions and shares in companies that make weapons that probably would have been used in any U.S. action. In other instances, including work for private investment and consulting firms whose clients are not disclosed, it was not possible to know whether those speaking had an interest in the debate.
Retired Marine Gen. Anthony Zinni, a former commander of the U.S. Central Command, also made several media appearances to discuss the Syrian situation and cautioned that the kind of limited intervention that was being proposed has in the past been difficult to accomplish. But in the five appearances covered by the study, his ties to the defense industry were not disclosed.
Retired Gen. Jack Keane, a former Army vice chief of staff, made frequent appearances as well, including as a Fox News military analyst, during which he supported U.S. action against Syria. His military career and his affiliation with the Institute for the Study of War, a Washington think tank where he is board chairman, were regularly cited.
Two other networks where analysts covered by the report made frequent appearances, CNN and NBC, did not respond to requests for comment.
McCain is attempting to make sure his voice is heard while Obama picks up headlines with a visit this week to Afghanistan and Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East and Europe.
Citing data protection issues, the BBC has previously fought attempts to divulge the names, but has now written to the former managers alerting them that the nature of their severance arrangements may now be made public.
"PAC has informed us that on receipt of this information, it will then decide whether or not to make this information public taking into account the public interest in doing so. PAC further states that it will consider any representations concerning individual cases, that it takes the needs of confidentiality seriously and has chosen not to publish information regarding individuals on previous occasions."
"The only non-automatic part of the proposed settlement with Mark Byford was the intention to delay the issuing of formal notice and to make a payment in lieu of notice: there is clear evidence that the trust was aware of both those points."
Thompson described Adams in evidence also published by the committee on Friday as "one of the main authors" of the memo – dubbed the 7 October note – which she claimed not to have seen when she appeared before MPs on the PAC on 10 July. In a letter made public on Friday, Adams said it was not clear which document the committee was referring to at the time.
To submit a question in advance of the interview, please register below. We urge our readers to make a donation to help the WSWS broaden the campaign amongst US autoworkers.
One company that tracks regulations is Cannabiz Media, which publishes the “Marijuana Licensing Reference Guide.” It recently posted a list of what it describes as the “10 weirdest marijuana laws.” For example, in Nevada and Oregon, signage for businesses that sell pot is regulated down to the font size and even font style. Connecticut bans the uses of illuminated signs while Washington, DC, makes it a point to outlaw the sale of pot at gasoline stations or auto repair shops.
“It’s really hard to comply with these regulations because they are so particular and, in some cases, they just don’t seem to make a lot of sense,” he said. “If you’re a business trying to get medicine to your patients… some of these regulations are very expensive to comply with.”
“In a lot of states now, they’re starting to put what an appropriate dosage or amount is to consume,” he said, noting that Maureen Dowd’s 2014 New York Times piece on her overdose of marijuana-infused chocolates showed the dangers of no labeling. “That makes a lot of sense for safety.”
“The other area that has seen a lot of regulatory scrutiny is testing because they want to make sure that if people are consuming this as medicine—or even recreationally—they’re given a safe product,” he continued. “Where it gets dangerous is when people concentrate that product into a liquid, an oil. You’re raising the concentration of everything. So if there are bad chemicals in there, they get much more concentrated and it could be a danger to people. So I think we’ll be seeing even more regulations there.”
So what's a robot to do? "Nature solves the problems around us all the time," says Karras. "A fairly common path for us is the biomimicry approach." When Karras and his team would test climbing robots out on vertical rock walls, lizards would blaze right past them. But rather than getting annoyed at the speedy little reptiles, Karras decided to take his cues from evolution instead. His team's adhesive makes use of van der Waals forces, which geckos use to climb smooth surfaces. For bumpy ones, his team built claw-inspired microspine grippers that can bend and flex. (You can see them in action in the video up top.)
This bill would require that any person who, from January 1, 2001, to December 31, 2016, inclusive, lawfully possessed an assault weapon that does not have a fixed magazine, as defined, and including those weapons with an ammunition feeding device that can be removed readily from the firearm with the use of a tool, register the firearm with the Department of Justice before January 1, 2018, but not before the effective date of specified regulations. The bill would permit the department to increase the $20 registration fee as long as it does not exceed the reasonable processing costs of the department. The bill would also require registrations to be submitted electronically via the Internet utilizing a public-facing application made available by the department. The bill would require the registration to contain specified information, including, but not limited to, a description of the firearm that identifies it uniquely and specified information about the registrant. The bill would permit the department to charge a fee of up to $15 per person for registration through the Internet, not to exceed the reasonable processing costs of the department to be paid and deposited, as specified, for purposes of the registration program. The bill would require the department to adopt regulations for the purpose of implementing those provisions and would exempt those regulations from the Administrative Procedure Act. The bill would also make technical and conforming changes.
Attorney Christopher J. Gale, who filed the lawsuit on behalf of Jones, said that police had made her pay for showing “disrespect.”
“It’s completely and utterly constitutional to walk away from somebody,” he added. “They’re just going to make you pay the price. That’s concerning. This is not a police state.”
'This will help them make informed decisions about the suitability of these techniques for Halal production.'
Enbridge reached with the U.S. Justice Department last year following the 2010 Kalamazoo River oil spill. "These are locations we've identified that could potentially have coating holidays," he said. Divers "are going to each of those locations to take samples of the biota and visually inspect the coating to see if it is still intact." He said Enbridge is "confident it is still intact" because of constant monitoring. Baraniecki's presentation was the main event at a rowdy pipeline board meeting on Monday that featured several busloads of protestors who packed the hearing room at the Michigan Public Service Commission building on W. Saginaw Highway. Security estimated there were about 260 attending, not including media, board members and state staff. Board co-chair Valerie Brader admonished the hostile audience several times during Baraniecki's presentation, reminding them that shouted questions, jeers and other interruptions only ate time away from the public comment period. At one point, a Petoskey man and his grandson sitting in the front row briefly left the meeting for the bathroom, where they undressed and coated themselves in chocolate cake batter to make a visual statement about the threat of a spill.
I use it only around the T-zone, where pores need to be made to look smooth and match the rest of the skin. Apply after moisturiser, and before you apply your foundation.
(Izzo then mentioned Indiana's Victor Oladipo and Michigan's Trey Burke and Tim Hardaway Jr. as guys, like Draymond Green, who weren't really, really hyped or highly rated coming out of high school but have developed into their teams' leaders. He also discussed how programs like Duke, UNC and Kansas have talented upperclassmen who could have gone pro stay, and then they in turn teach underclassmen how to grow into leaders. Interesting stuff about what makes these teams successful.)
Having had some experience with nursing homes in recent years, any one of you considering finding one for your elderly family member, especially one with some form of dementia, make sure that all those caring for your loved one (no matter their skin color) SPEAK ENGLISH WELL. It is hard enough for the mentally impaired as it is, and they need to be able to communicate well with a nursing aid. Something as benign seeming as a urinary tract infection can kill if not detected in time.
DRAFT.com – New players get a FREE entry into a draft when you make your first deposit! Use promo code DOUG and play a real money game for FREE!
A number of the recent improvements made to Dropbox have focused around greater integration with Microsoft Office. The companies announced a partnership last fall, and you can now do things like open Office files in your Dropbox directly in Office Online, with changes being automatically synced back to the original file through Dropbox. Today, yet another new Office-related feature is being announced: the Dropbox app for iOS will soon let you create Office documents right inside it, without having to jump to another app.
Dropbox is also building on the commenting feature added last week. The feature lets users leave remarks on shared files that all other collaborators could see; you can now make and view those comments in the iOS app as well as through the web. Today's update also includes a slight navigation change. Rather than seeing simply an alphabetical list of your files and folders, the default Dropbox app view will instead show your most recently used files — that's anything you've uploaded, viewed, renamed, or edited on any device. While all these features are useful enough, the most intriguing feature here is definitely the upcoming Office document creation — we'll be keeping our eyes peeled to see exactly how that works.
The Seattle Barkery is a new mobile café for dogs. Everything they make and serve is aimed towards giving dogs a similar freedom of choice like we as humans have. For their furry, four legged customers, they have everything from bacon cupcakes and peanut butter pumpkin pretzels, to chicken feet and duck necks.
On "Fox & Friends," former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump made it clear during the campaign that he's a deal-maker and he's going to do what's in the best interests of the U.S.
"I think Washington needs to wake up and understand that this is a guy who is going to make the best deal for the country when he can," Spicer said. "If that's with Republicans, it's going to be with Republicans. If that's with Democrats, it's going to be with Democrats. If that's with a bipartisan group of individuals, it'll be them."
The catch: passengers must make a donation of 50 cents or more to a charity that airlifts sick children to hospitals.
So what is the future of robotics? Well, it comes down to what you define a robot as. Unfortunately there isn’t a unified definition of what a robot is, but the general consensus is that it’s a physical device which can sense its surroundings and interact with the environment with limited human intervention. This could either be automation, where tasks are pre-programmed, or autonomy, where the robot makes decisions on its own.
And the Detroit Lions defensive tackle isn't angry at the possible double-standard. "(That kind of hit) happens all the time," Suh said during a news conference Wednesday "It's not going to stop. Look forward to it -- look forward to keep making plays down the field. That's my job. "To me, it's just gnats that are in the air that keep going after you. You swat at 'em, and sometimes you hit 'em, sometimes you don't. Sometimes they run away, sometimes they come back again. But ultimately, I'm just that bee going to find that honey hole. That's what I do." Suh was excoriated by various players, past and present, as well as coaches and some media for blocking Minnesota center John Sullivan in the knees in the opener. He drew a record $100,000 fine. Fanaika, conversely, wasn't whistled for a penalty -- in fact, the block was legal because Fanaika's an offensive lineman -- and the country hasn't rallied to Suh's defense. Suh said he "doesn't care" about being treated differently in the media. "That's not my job," he said. Coach Jim Schwartz shrugged off the play as well, and wouldn't disclose whether Detroit has or plans to file a grievance with the league. "That whole turning plays in and saying the league called and said this, I honestly think that's a little unbecoming," Schwartz said. "We try to keep our conversations with the league just to that. If they tell us they blew a call ... I mean, how many times have I come up here and said that? "Probably never, because we don't make excuses. We don't want to make excuses for stuff like that." Schwartz did seem to have some issue with the rule itself though, which allows for offensive lineman to block below the waist as long as it's from the front. "Is it less of an injury risk (than if a defensive lineman does it)? No, but it's a legal play as opposed to a play that's penalized, so it is what it is," he said. Suh also denied a Fox Sports report that he's stomped on teammates in practice, deferring to previous statements from Schwartz and center Dominic Raiola that it never happened.0000495-5107e5532b3e6dbd6dc0996ae0cc1341.txt
"Less than a minute after the shots the LAPD burst into the lounge with weapons drawn to make sure there were no bad guys in the lounge," he said. "That was pretty frightening."
Passenger Sarah Richardson said: "We heard a lot of loud gunshots. My colleague threw me to the ground and we were scrambling. Somebody told us to make a run for it. We got into a room and they pulled a coffee machine in front of the door. We could hear gunshots outside.
natesilver: What I’m saying is that there’s a lot of information we’re not privy to, about what Democratic elites are thinking. Sure, there’s some reporting on it, but a lot of that reporting needs to be looked at skeptically — like because it relies on anonymous sourcing, or cherry-picked information from a media that would like to make the race seem competitive. The one tangible sign we have about what Democratic elites are thinking — endorsements — looks really good for Clinton. But Biden running would be a tangible sign too.
Some of the reporting around what Biden’s coalition would be doesn’t make any sense. See, for example, from Politico:
By most objective measures, Clinton is doing really well in the nomination hunt. About as well as any non-incumbent candidate has been doing up to this point in time. So, on the one hand, we look at that data and it makes us skeptical that Biden will convince himself to run. On the other hand, it means we have more reassessment to do if Biden in fact does run.
natesilver: Yeah, I don’t think Sanders’s support will be affected that much. At the margin, it might make it easier for him to win the plurality in a caucus state here or there. But Bernie will keep on Bernin’.
I guess I was chosen to voice the Tom Cruise role in Mission: Impossible III because my age and physique are similar to his. Some people say I even look like him from a certain angle. It was a tough job. While Atang [the Cantonese nickname for Tom Cruise] had months to make the film, I had to do the whole thing - from learning the script to dubbing all the lines - in four days. We always have to rush because of the piracy problem in China. If we don't get the translation and dubbing done quickly, an unauthorised version will be out on the streets before ours.
Dubbing is an art requiring a voice of many textures and tones. Not everybody can do it just because they have a good voice. Voiceover artists are cast and we have writers who make the scripts fit the lip movements of the actors on screen so that it runs as smoothly as possible. There are sometimes arguments over how to translate a single phrase.
A film for TV takes two days. I will make 20,000 rupees (£250). For theatre release it is more like 50,000 rupees (£625). It's really exploding. I do films, commercials and TV shows now. There are a lot more people saying "I heard you on television" these days. But it's a really competitive industry. When I started there were just a few people - now everybody thinks they can voice movies.
Spy, which was published from 1986 to 1998, was busy skewering celebrities and public figures as Trump was building his national profile. Proudly avaricious and braggadocious, Trump embodied the spirit of the '80s. And Spy made him a frequent target of not just insults but also elaborate practical jokes.
Still, Trump seems to take a slur on his fingers as a terrible insult, for reasons that Spy was far too arch to make explicit.
The statistics on marijuana arrests are really shocking. According to the Drug Policy Alliance, which is in favor of legalization, blacks are arrested for marijuana possession between four and twelve times more than whites in California, even though studies have consistently shown that whites smoke more pot than blacks. In the last ten years, around 500,000 people have been arrested for possession. That’s absurd! Think about how expensive that is for the criminal justice system. California spends $216,000 for each juvenile inmate in its prison system, yet it spends only $8,000 per student in the Oakland school system. It seems to me that if you really want to limit drug use, it’d make more sense to spend more money keeping kids in school, helping them achieve.
The turning diameter at 44 km/h (24 knots) is 1.50 km (0.81 nmi). The engine is near midship to make best use of the rigidity of the hull and to maximize capacity. When banking 20 degrees, the bridge sways 35 metres.[38]
You’ve acknowledged that there might be an external cause for the gap between your libidos. Medication, hormones, stress—these are all things that can make a difference in one’s desire to have sex. So it could be that this is a storm that you can weather—is she on this medication temporarily? Or it could be that she’s on the wrong medication for her. I don’t know enough about her medical condition (or about medical conditions in general) to tell you if that’s the case, but it’s something about which she can certainly talk to her doctor. However, some medications are long-term and have unavoidable libido side-effects—which might mean that this is the new normal. So what could that mean for you?
Sometimes price of admission can change — it sounds like her boundaries about sex and penetration might be more recent, and may not have been there when you began this relationship, but that doesn’t make them less valid.
Whenever someone, a couple of someones, or multiple someones talk to me about a perceived libido gap, I always have to check and make sure they’re on the same page when it comes to defining sex for themselves as an individual, couple or group. Everyone has certain things they’re into, and when you’re having sex with someone else, you’re going to do the things that you’re both into, the acts where your interests intersect. Think of it as a Venn diagram.
Now there’s a bit of a misconception I hear often—a non-monogamous relationship doesn’t mean you both have to be sleeping with other people to make it equal. It sounds like that wouldn’t be really happening for her if you all decide to go this route. No, what makes this kind of relationship egalitarian is that both partners’ needs are being met and both of you are happy. That means that, if you both agree on it, you could sleep with other people and she could sleep only with you, when she feels like it. Totally cool.
Assume positive intent. Assume your girlfriend wants to make you happy. Assume that she is not mismatching y’all’s libidos on purpose. Because unless you’re dating a mustache-twirling cartoon villain, she’s not. If you are dating a mustache- twirling cartoon villain, pics please.
Be prepared to compromise on one of those above solutions. Be prepared to make an actual change in the way you’re doing things, and not expecting her to be the only one changing.
And I’m going to add another bullet point here, specific to you. Your partner seems to be not super into the way you’ve asked for sex in the past. So make sure to include this question: “How would you prefer me to express my want for sex in the future?” And again, really listen to what she says here, and be prepared to do what she asks.
Who the fuck is in charge of hiring at the Baltimore police department? The arrest was made by the Montgomery County police department, who charged Taylor with animal cruelty and abuse. The Baltimore police department insisted in a statement that it took animal cruelty seriously, although Taylor was merely suspended without pay and not fired right away for being the kind of sociopath who kills a girlfriend’s pet and then sends her a picture (because his job is like a right!).
Ford Fairlane (Andrew Dice Clay) is seen sitting on a beach smoking as the film opens. A flashback initiates, showing a roaring crowd at a concert given by fictional popular heavy metal band The Black Plague. Lead singer Bobby Black (Vince Neil) makes an eccentric entrance down a zip-line onto the stage and begins performing. Shortly into one of the band's songs, Bobby Black collapses on stage and dies.
Early warning and urgent action procedure? This peculiar wording makes me think that if we don’t comply, the UN is going to issue some kind of sanctions against the US. I double-dog dare them to do this. I’m almost certain President Trump will react by pulling all funding to the UN and as I’m sure they know, we pay most of their bills.
Simply pull the trigger and you'll fire all four barrels at once to shattering effect. But if you hold the trigger, pause and release, you'll fire each pair of barrels separately for a tighter spread, allowing you to dent targets at range and really make the most of your ammo. Shotguns have always been Gears of War's principal skill weapons, the roaring Sphinxes that gate access to the upper echelons of competitive multiplayer. With the Overkill, the Coalition has crafted both an elegant tool for returning Gnasher pros and a bloodthirsty treat for the rest of us.
Inspired by the landscape of north Italy, the game's palette is quietly enchanting - wiry underbrush and purple leafpile, mildew-spotted signage and ground-down masonry, flowing together in a way that makes the cover layouts less obvious to the eye, if no less tangible under the thumb. Gears of War's world has always been uniquely textured, and the Coalition has done a fine job of weaving its own vision into the tapestry, aided no end by some fancy bells and whistles - screen-space reflections on puddles, physically based shaders for a more tactile look, and a persistent dynamic weather system which, at its most severe, actually affects how you play.
Adam Gowdiak, a researcher with Polish security firm Security Explorations, subsequently said that he had found other security bugs in Java that continued to make computers vulnerable to attack.
Schlafly, until her death, remained in the political arena and recently made the case for electing Donald Trump president. On Monday night the Republican nominee eulogized Schlafly in a statement.
“Doing it one class at a time, I would have graduated maybe never,” said Ms. Hermetz, 43, who had a bachelor’s degree in math. “This way, it took just under 18 months. And whenever I ran into trouble, my professors would make arrangements, whether it was through a webinar or a phone call or an e-mail, to help me.”
"When I told Sigmund [the family dog] to leave his warm seat and go to bed, he flattened his ears and slowly turned his head toward me. He deliberately braced himself by placing one paw on the edge of the furry lid, then hunched his shoulders, raised his lips to reveal the molars on both sides, and uttered his most threatening growl. That was Siggie's way of saying. "Get lost!" "I had seen this defiant mood before, and knew there was only one way to deal with it. The ONLY way to make Siggie obey is to threaten him with destruction. Nothing else works. I turned and went to my closet and got a small belt to help me 'reason' with Mr. Freud." . . . "What developed next is impossible to describe. That tiny dog and I had the most vicious fight ever staged between man and beast. I fought him up one wall and down the other, with both of us scratching and clawing and growling and swinging the belt. I am embarrassed by the memory of the entire scene. Inch by inch I moved him toward the family room and his bed. As a final desperate maneuver, Siggie backed into the corner for one last snarling stand. I eventually got him to bed, only because I outweighed him 200 to 12!" ... "But this is not a book about the discipline of dogs; there is an important moral to my story that is highly relevant to the world of children. JUST AS SURELY AS A DOG WILL OCCASIONALLY CHALLENGE THE AUTHORITY OF HIS LEADERS, SO WILL A LITTLE CHILD -- ONLY MORE SO." "[I]t is possible to create a fussy, demanding baby by rushing to pick him up every time he utters a whimper or sigh. Infants are fully capable of learning to manipulate their parents through a process called reinforcement, whereby any behavior that produces a pleasant result will tend to recur. Thus, a healthy baby can keep his mother hopping around his nursery twelve hours a day (or night) by simply forcing air past his sandpaper larynx."
But this will almost - almost- make you feel sorry for the man:
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
Years before Manchester City batted an eyelash toward Abu Dhabi, it was Abramovich’s takeover at Chelsea that established the archetype of the shady superbillionaire who buys a soccer team to use as his personal plaything. The old, established hierarchy of powerful clubs — the Manchester United/Real Madrid cohort — certainly ran on money, but even the top clubs were shocked by the sums Abramovich could casually throw around — £21 million for Shaun Wright-Phillips, £24 million for Drogba, £31 million for (gulp) Andriy Shevchenko. Not all these players worked out (see previous gulp), but what difference did that make when Chelsea could go back to the well for £30 million whenever they felt like it? European soccer, which had no salary cap, no luxury tax, very little revenue sharing, no draft — almost no parity-fostering features at all — had no defense against this. Chelsea looked upon the dynamics of the sports economy and just luxuriantly did not give a shit. Any player in the world was potentially theirs for the taking.
At the same time, Chelsea itself tore down some of the walls that kept it separate from other big teams. For years, Chelsea was at entertaining odds with the G-14, a supergroup of the biggest clubs in European soccer. After a lot of cloak-and-dagger maneuvering from then-Chelsea executive Peter Kenyon, the G-14 dissolved in January 2008 and was replaced by the European Club Association, a larger group that does include Chelsea. But the typical radicals-to-congressmen rules applied: Every time Chelsea made it a little further into the game’s aristocracy, the club seemed a little less dangerous.
Trump's narrowing political horizons are also reflected in his political strategy. In many ways, his unrestrained, unpredictable behavior of the last week recalls the persona that made him so popular with disaffected heartland voters.
His instinctive understanding of his fellow outsiders also helped shape his ferocious assault on the GOP establishment — which made him President.
But it left him with a string of political enemies that made the friends he did have in Washington all the more important. That's why the rebukes from Corker and Scott may end up being even more damaging than they first appear.
Polygon has reached out to Nintendo to ask if the special edition boxes will also be available in North America and will update when we hear back. Maybe don’t get your hopes up, however — similar retail releases for the 3DS Virtual Console ports of Pokémon Red and Green last year didn’t make it stateside.
One described it as a "stupid" decision that would make the Government an object of ridicule.
Another said the Prime Minister's colleagues were willing him to succeed, but he had started the year badly and had made the job of trying to lift the Coalition's electoral credibility just that much harder.
"I think that in the media, you make a big mistake to pay too much attention to social media. You wouldn't report what's sprayed up up on the walls of buildings and look, as I said, social media has its place, but it's anonymous," he told reporters.
Another fine piece of art from the Prince’s Gambit card set by Mark Kelly. This time, of course, it’s the Sabbat, which makes a lot of sense since part of the game is to figure out who among those playing is the Sabbat infiltrator or infiltrators. There’s more info down below in the BLURBS! section about the Prince’s Gambit Kickstarter, if you want to check it out.
Speaking of Kickstarters, somebody asked me what kinds of KSs I have backed and what compels me to back them. Which was a very different sort of question than I usually get asked, so thanks! So, for me, I’ll back if the project is for a property I’m interested in, or if the KS is for something that couldn’t get made any other way. Sometimes those two coincide.
But, in that second category, I backed MASHed, RPing in the Korean War by Mark Plemmons, which despite it having a perfect jewel of a triage system driving the operating room tension that was key to MASH, is the sort of ultra-focused game that might not have been made without KS.
An in-depth look at how Heroes hunt and what makes a Hero, with eleven new Heroes to drop into any chronicle.
As North Korea continues to make nuclear threats, Japanese citizens are becoming increasingly fearful that they — and not Pyongyang’s sworn enemies in Seoul and Washington, DC — could be Kim’s first targets.
But while the relationship was never made explicitly clear on the show, Lawless told Lesbian News in 2003 that Xena was “Gay. Gay, definitely.” Not bisexual, not pansexual, not even just curious and experimenting — as far as she’s concerned Xena and Gabrielle, “They’re married, man.”
Umar’s transformation provides an excellent case-study that can and should be studied further to shed light on the question of radicalism, and this short essay makes a first, humble attempt at doing just that.
From news accounts and our own documentation, we know that the AlMaghrib retreat was his last AlMaghrib course or seminar. We also know that he left England for a Middle Eastern country (where he remained for a few months), and eventually made his way to Yemen, where he interacted with an American-born cleric whose vision of Islam was completely at odds with our own. It was this cleric who apparently inspired him to open a new chapter in his life, and who brainwashed this 19-year old introvert into believing that murdering two hundred innocent people, including many women and children (some of them even fellow Muslims), would somehow bring him closer to his Lord and earn him reward on Judgment Day.
His faith attacked on national airwaves, his religiosity treated with suspicion, his co-religionists around the world killed, and his activist brothers and sisters in Western lands jailed, it is no surprise that our young and impressionable Muslim teenager struggles to make sense of all of this.
Not hearing anything from his local or national scholars in the physical world around him, he scours the virtual world instead, looking on the net for voices that will speak to his concerns and address his anger. And in this virtual world, he stumbles across chat-rooms and forums where, for the first time, he finds people who see the world his way. These people, aided by the anonymity of the internet and empowered by the false bravado that only a fake alias can give, finally make our young man feel home, and that he was right all along in his assessment.
Yet, the real world that we live in is not as black and white as these Manichean camps would like it to be. A clear and simple argument can be made that on each and every issue, we should stand with the truth, regardless of which side that truth is on. And it is not uncommon that this truth is not on one side, but somewhere in between.
And in that vacuüm, where neither AlMaghrib nor other mainstream voices had anything substantive to offer, the voices of radical extremism proved to be the only bait dangling in front of his eyes. For him, there never was a competition between Orthodox Islam and militancy; there never was an ‘either-or‘ choice to be made because these two visions of Islam (from his perspective) were completely independent of one another. Each one discussed different topics and each was active in a different arena. So convinced was he by that message of radicalism that he was willing to give up his life for it, not realizing that living one’s life for the sake of God is far more difficult than committing suicide for His sake (as if the latter can ever truly be for the sake of God!).
The OPP led the investigation and submitted the report to the House of Commons in early April. When it was delivered, there were initial concerns whether the report would be made public or not.
Then came a series of attacks that made it clear the insurgents were not gone. In early February, the governor of Chardara District was killed by a suicide bomber just hours after a visit with Colonel Lewis. Two weeks later, a bomber detonated a powerful device in Imam Sahib, killing 30 people, most of them civilians. And in early March, another suicide bomber assassinated the police chief of Kunduz Province, Gen. Abdul Rahman Saidkhail, outside his heavily guarded office.
“Getting injured a few times definitely changes your perspective a little bit, makes you feel a little less bulletproof,” he said in Kunduz.
“It’s something that you just have to learn how to turn off and on, like a light switch,” she said. “I don’t feel like it made me less of a mother because I learned how to shut it off. I think it made me a better soldier.”
The deployment had clearly been hard on his wife and made him almost a stranger to his 18-month-old son. “I got to work my way back into his life again,” he said.
It was like that in the Army. Hero one day, faceless grunt the next. Scout platoon sergeant in November, wounded warrior in March. He had rolled with it for almost 17 years; he hoped he could make it three more to retirement .
Plans for the project could change because Gilbert is counting on tax breaks that don’t yet exist to make the financing work on the project. Those potential tax incentives are currently in the state Legislature. On Wednesday, the package of bills was approved by the state Senate and the bills now go to the state House of Representatives. Last year, similar legislation died in the House.
The proposed tower would make the structure Detroit’s tallest — by 7 feet. The 70-story center tower of the General Motors Renaissance Center stands 727 feet tall. The development plans were designed by SHoP Architects of New York in conjunction with Detroit-based Hamilton Anderson Associates.
For now, the transplant will be available only to veterans who were injured during a combat mission. The operation will take 12 hours and cost between $200,000 and $400,000; the university has offered to pay for the first surgery. For all 60 operations, the penis will come from a deceased donor. If the surgeries go well, Johns Hopkins University may decide to make the transplant a standard treatment.
Top White House advisers said that the government spends too much and that a dramatic reduction is necessary to make the government — and its presence in society — smaller.
The budget would also cut retirement benefits for federal employees, reduce health-care benefits for low-income children and make it harder to qualify for disability benefits.
“The budget shrinks the core parts of government — the parts that do education, research, infrastructure — to unprecedentedly low levels for a modern economy,” said Jason Furman, who was a top economic adviser during the Obama administration. “In doing so, I think it would make it harder — not easier — to reach the outlandishly high growth target that the administration has set for itself.”
Supporters of the CFPB, however, believe weakening it will make it easier for lenders to trap borrowers with predatory loans. Similarly, the Trump budget plan would strip some money from the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Meanwhile the ExMoi occupation lives on. Many among the refugees are families (15% of the inhabitants are women and more than 30 children under 10 live there), some have found jobs and continue living there to support their friends. Many people have not been able to find a proper job but survive by selling metal or other materials found in rubbish bins. A community has somehow been created, with a mix of ethnic groups living peacefully together. Although there have been some minor personal clashes, life goes on, even if the structural problems make everyday living challenging: water pours from some ceilings, the electricity system cuts out, and only half of the apartments have hot water, not to mention the lack of any heating system. Despite all this, the refugees and the Committee have managed to keep ExMoi clean and working, repairing the worst problems in three out of four buildings.
Finally, in December 2014, a judge signed an authorisation order to evict the residents. It usually takes a long time for an order to lead to an actual eviction but the news made the papers immediately and right-wing parties are exerting pressure for an eviction to take place. It is highly unlikely that the municipality will use the police to evict the refugees, although this has happened in other places. In this case, both police and judges would like a peaceful solution, especially because of the large number of residents involved. It seems that the Mayor of Turin (Fassino, Democratic Party) will ask the national government for exceptional funding. The Mayor is also the president of ANCI, the association of Italian local councils, and has a direct channel to the prime minister, Matteo Renzi. This situation could have serious repercussions for Renzi and the PD.
The refugees and the supporting Committee know this, and most are willing to stay and resist. In the months approaching the second anniversary of the occupation the refugees will have to weigh up the offer, if there is one, and make a very difficult decision.
If you asked most people about foods that are "good" or "bad" for you, you'd get a dozen different answers. You'd find people who vehemently argue that eggs are both good or bad for you, that sodium does and doesn't contribute to hypertension, or that carbs do or don't make you sick. In general, you'll find a lot of laypeople with opinions that may or may not be based in real science. Researchers however, generally have some pretty solid opinions on these issues, and are quick to note where their own shortcomings are.
Americans spend billions on health and diet products every year. From books and meal plans to prepackaged foods and DVDs, we eat the stuff up (pun intended). It's natural to be attracted to any path that promises big results for little effort, but there's more to it. People who would otherwise consider themselves rational are often duped by marketing and half-truth statements made in the name of science.
We respond strongly to warnings about danger, and promises of really awesome stuff (like health, or weight loss)—but only if those warnings or promises are actionable. And with food, that really applies: We can act on a warning to avoid gluten or eat superfoods (or whatever) at our next meal or our next trip to the grocery store. It makes us feel good to have control over ourselves. I'm not a psychologist and this is just my personal opinion, but I'm sure there is research that backs this up.
Why this causes confusion: Truth and falsehoods are both presented this way. “Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy if you are deficient!” Well, yeah. That's actually true. “Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy!” Sounds similar, but it's not the same, and it's not true in most cases. Then you can substitute various other chemicals or superfoods for the word "vitamins" in that sentence. True claims and misleading ones sound very similar. People selling diets or exercise programs will latch on to true things that help them sell their product; they'll also latch onto false ones. Just look at Dr. Oz: plenty of what he's pushing is true, but lots of it isn't, or is misleading. Which is which? I don't know that he cares. He just needs a steady stream of things to endorse.
We don't mean to single out Dr. Oz here. There are a number of physicians and other medical professionals who are highly educated, but have made the decision to "sell health." They may believe they're doing good, or just want to make a living. In all of those cases, the message is similar: "Living healthy doesn't have to be hard, just do this thing/eat this food/buy my book."
It also doesn't help that, increasingly, food companies are setting up "institutes" (i.e.: Coca-Cola's Beverage Institute for Health and Wellness, General Mills' Bell Institute) that are essentially PR efforts that oh-so-coincidentally frame these companies' products as healthful (or, in the case of soda, in no way problematic from a health standpoint). To make matters more confusing, these institutes have doctors, cardiologists, and dietitians on their payroll—as well as key media contacts—resulting in a health professional talking to media about, say, how soda is "unfairly vilified." Most times, the general public isn't aware that this isn't an objective health professional choosing to say that.
Food industry marketing firms and "diet guru" salesmen both use the same tactics, and both groups make money from your fear and lack of knowledge about health. You should treat both with the same skeptical eye, even if one's message is more attractive than the other.
A "balanced diet" has transformed from a selection of foods and portion suggestions into a concoction of nutrients that people have to "make sure they're getting enough of," (which they would anyway with a balanced diet.) It's led the public to panic over specific nutrients and ingredients in our foods. So-called "nutritionism" has led to the low-fat craze, the salt-is-evil scare, and the eggs-cause-heart-disease panic, all of which have been largely refuted (with special cases excepted.) The people responsible for dietary guidelines are directly at odds with (and often influenced by) food industry groups, agricultural companies, and other businesses with a massive stake in making sure you eat the food they pack and sell—and they're willing to spend politically to make sure the government recommends their products.
Equally important is the huge size of supplement industry and the food lobby. Farmers have little to no power compared to Unilever, General Mills, etc. They made it so that packaged foods are the norm, food and supplement marketing has become insane, and whole foods have lost out big time. In the beginning days of the food pyramid, they were using the slogan "Eat Right". Kraft used that slogan, so they told the government to stop, and they did! Companies always win. A few more examples: Government policy favors packaged foods that can display health claims (e.g. Granola bars, Lunchables) rather than natural foods that come loose or in clear plastic (e.g. strawberries, chicken thighs). Grains were originally 2-3 servings per day until food companies complained and they more than doubled the recommendation. Fruit and veggie manufacturers make very little money compared to General Mills and Unilever, so it took the National Cancer Institute to step in and tell the first-draft writers for the food pyramid that they really need to bump up the fruit and veggie intake. Even the person in charge of the first pyramid, Louise Light, wrote a book about how screwed up the process was by industry and differing interests. She said that the grain-based pyramid would cause obesity and diabetes, and it did. The people in charge told her that fruits and veggies are kind of interchangeable with grains, plus grains are cheaper for food stamps. Although few if any researchers are out to lie to the public, note that for the 2000 Dietary guidelines committee, 6 out of 11 members had financial ties to food and agriculture manufacturers. Researchers have pet projects and advocate for them, and funding and careers are dependent on that.
Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think "Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That's much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can't even pronounce." Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child's play. ... It's easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don't agree with everything Michael Pollen says, his message is generally on point: "nutritionism" is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what's healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It's important to get nutrients, but it's wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner.
There is a rough agreement that a balanced diet is probably a good idea. While there are some regular people who experiment with meat-only diets, macrobiotic diets, etc, most researchers are old dudes who eat normal diets and believe that veggies and fruits and whole grains are good, and red meat is bad, and some other things are in between. I'm just one person who has had the opportunity to make a career out of reading articles and grading their study quality — but I can honestly say that I don't know what is correct for sure. Gluten and wheat is bad for some people, low carb could help certain diabetics but so could a very nutritious diet, and low carb can also cause side effects in some people. Some people live long lives with "healthy" diets, some live long lives eating milk chocolate and fried chicken every day. For any specific nutrient, I can summarize the evidence. And for any type of diet, I can find the totality of observational evidence for it. But there haven't been many (any?) long term randomized trials of low carb, high carb, etc etc. It would be too expensive, deemed unethical, and just not logistically feasible for compliance — the primary researcher for long term observational trials (where they just follow people and collect data, not make them eat certain diets) often die in the middle of the trial, so it's quite an effort to keep a long randomized trial going that costs millions. Especially when food trials are funded at levels so much lower than pharmaceutical trials.
This is where the media comes in. Research that you hear about may be just one study designed to tackle a specific angle to a much larger problem. This is where the media (yes, ourselves at Lifehacker included) are at fault. Preliminary results published and popularized as cure-alls, rat cures touted as future human cures, it makes the public believe every miracle is a few trials away, and when it's not, people are frustrated and confused. This kind of poor communication and science reporting is a topic we've covered before in detail, and it plays a huge role in making the public's perception of science and medicine worse. As a result, it sends people running into the arms of diet hucksters and snake oil salesmen, eager to capitalize on that lack of trust.
The incoming commission president Jean-Claude Juncker has said he is prepared to make a "fair deal" with Britain. But it won't be at any price.
Meanwhile, “cute” little dogs, like dachshunds and Jack Russells, are much more likely to bite the neighborhood 6-and-unders. Pits historically have been bred to be responsive to their humans, and they’re actually far less likely to bite if a kid, say, tugs an ear (it just makes the news if they do). Tugging not recommended, by the way, with any dog, which responsible parents teach their kids.
There is also attentiveness to space. Victorian Londoners used to tour urban infrastructure, including sewage pumping stations, curious to know how it all worked. Far fewer people today think about what happens where they flush the toilet, make a phone call, or throw something in the bin - what kind of process that triggers and what sort of physical spaces are required to make those things possible. As Alan Weisman made clear in his book The World Without Us, the time it would take for the city to begin to break down and deteriorate if we stopped maintaining it is incredibly short.
Word of these tunnels systematically disappeared from the public eye. Then, incredibly, in 1980 the ever-tenacious Campbell – equipped with a bicycle and a camera - gained access to them and explored the entirety of the system. He published his explorations, including photos, in the New Statesman. The GPO suggested the explorations were fake and that the photos of the tunnels had been made in a studio - which obviously wasn’t the case because Campbell relayed access details for the tunnels which, 30 years later, got us in.
After climbing 60m down a set of alternating ladders in a long, vertical metal cage, we emerged into a set of tunnels that smelled reassuringly neglected. Like a post-apocalyptic game show, we suddenly had to make a choice between three tunnel entrances to the left, right and straight ahead. It turned out it didn’t really matter which we entered, they all linked back on each other in the end. Once we had circled back, we were sure we were alone and had the run of the tunnels all night. We found the bar, the switchboard, medical facilities, power control panels and more.
Two things really struck me while we were in there. First, the electricity was on wherever we went. I couldn’t help but wonder whose job it was to change the bulbs in the (no-longer-so) secret subterranean telephone exchange. Second, the tunnels, in the middle of winter, were a cosy hoodie temperature. It made me think about how all this space was being wasted, space that was built with taxpayer money. I thought about Campbell’s determination over 30 years ago to make clear what was being spent by the government and the lengths he was willing to go to to reveal what was still a state secret and the way he insisted that the government should be held accountable for the construction of this bizarre underworld.
As the geographer David Harvey wrote, the freedom to make and remake our cities and ourselves is one of the most precious and neglected of our human rights. I don’t think I’m overstating the case when I say that it’s vital to the maintenance of what few rights to place remain to continually make transparent and subvert the boundaries that are constantly being circumscribed around our bodies and imaginations. Rather than condemning the system, urban explorers will insist that we must simply carry on exploring and imagining, regardless of those constraints. If we want to live in cities replete with citizens rather than inhabitants, we must encourage exploration.
Being an urban explorer has been a wonderful lesson in geography. I’ve learned about how people build relationships to places; how space is surveilled, controlled and regulated; how the city is built to not just influence our behaviour but to actually condition the way we think about what is ethical, right and even possible. Although it was chasing the story of urban exploration that got me involved in the first instance, it is the way urban exploration makes boundaries visible and keeps me sharp, paying attention to everything and continually calling me to action, which holds my interest as a researcher.
On Monday, Cameron made a speech in which he decried the ability of ordinary people to have conversations on which the security services were unable to eavesdrop.
Byrne, who is also a fellow at the London-based free-market think tank ASI, told the Guardian that “secure open-source cryptography is at the core of our business… so we were able to make the decision more or less immediately.”
Duncan said standards will recognize investments companies have already made to reduce their emissions, something the energy industry has been lobbying for.
"The fact they haven't said what these (carbon) prices will be makes it difficult to know what kind of impact this is going to have. Saskatchewan doesn't have an economy-wide (reduction) target.
As an example of what ex-premier Bernard Landry explained, it can be established that after the Quebec Referendum of 1995 where the Yes vote lost by a margin of about 0.5% (49.42% Yes, 50.58% No), no attempts to partition were made by the "Yes" voter base, in respect of the referendum. It is an argument based less on legal grounds, and more on moral grounds.
"They're always threatening us, always, always. Whether it's Brent Tyler, Stephen Scott, William Johnson, William Shaw or whoever. And they're very subtle about it. They say that if we want to divide Canada, then they'll divide Quebec. And they make it sound as though people will accept it. Their real objective is to scare people, but they say, 'We don't want violence. We just won't pay our taxes. We'll use civil disobedience.' "
There is merit in Villeneuve's characterization of partition as being primarily an argument designed to encourage Quebecers to vote against separation in any future referendum on separation. Trudeau's 1980 observation that if Canada is divisible, Quebec is also divisible, was made on the eve of a referendum in which he was attempting to encourage voters to cast their ballots against secession. The first book on the subject, and the one which gave its name to the movement, was 1980's Partition, the Price of Quebec's Independence, by Lionel Albert and William Shaw. The title of this book makes clear its intention to use the threat of territorial losses to dissuade Quebecers from voting in favour of secession. Stephen Scott was even more direct about his intention to use the threat of partition as a means of preventing separation altogether:
Both inside and outside Quebec, there tended to be opposition to any option that hinted of the use of force to settle territorial issues. The strongest opposition to partition came in the answers to a 1996 poll in which respondents were asked whether it would be acceptable “for groups within Quebec to partition the territory and separate from Quebec.” Only 66% of non-Quebecers said this option was acceptable (about 10 - 15% below support levels in other polls), and it was supported by only 25% of Quebecers. Significantly, survey respondents had first been asked whether they agreed with the statement, “If Quebec votes to leave Canada, the federal government should use force to make it stay,” and it seems likely that many survey respondents associated partition with the use of force.[29]
That's not surprising, because Tax Office statistics show there are almost 1.9 million individuals who declare rental income or, more typically, make rental losses.
When the HIA made that claim again this week upon releasing an economic report in defence of negative gearing, it set off my bull-dust detectors big time.
You really can’t make up how ludicrous things have gotten at campuses in the United States. Here’s the latest via the University of Michigan:
Sen. John Cornyn said Tuesday, he viewed “four large binders full of classified information that’s been made available to the committee to conduct” its wide-ranging investigation. | Getty CIA providing raw intelligence as Trump-Russia probes heat up Congress has entered a new phase in its investigation.
At Langley, Cornyn said Tuesday, he viewed “four large binders full of classified information that’s been made available to the committee to conduct” its wide-ranging investigation.
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said members of his panel had also made visits to CIA headquarters and that there will be “more trips out there.” He said he was close to reaching an agreement with the intelligence community on whether evidence would be turned over to Congress or continue to be housed within the agencies.
The congressman noted that multiple news reports have indicated that people associated with the Trump campaign were being investigated for potential ties to Russia, but that Congress was not made aware of any such investigations.
That forced Clinton -- who'd declared the TPP a "gold standard" trade deal in 2012 while serving as Obama's secretary of state -- to the left. Her announcement in the fall of 2015 that she opposes the deal made Obama's task of getting Democrats on board even tougher.
But McConnell made clear last week that the path to the TPP's passage isn't totally closed.
Scaramucci said he loved Spicer and that “I hope he goes on to make a tremendous amount of money.”
An Iqaluit man has taken advantage of Amazon's free shipping to the city to make food donations to local schools. Now he wants to expand his giving to other schools throughout Nunavut's Baffin Island region.
Murphy is also talking to schools in the Toronto District School Board about auctioning off art depicting life in the North made by Nunavut schoolchildren, as a way to raise money for shipping outside of Iqaluit.
Fortunately, medicine seems less likely to hit a fundamental limit than computers. "Imagine your life being saved by a custom-designed medical machine made from particles 50,000 times as small as a single strand of your hair," the report offers. You might be living with a fleet of diagnostic bots just cruising around inside your body, looking for trouble and fixing it. A proper auxiliary immune system.
In Wired, the IEEE's Dejan Milojicic, makes a valiant effort at summarizing the report's other key findings, which are extensive. "With energy consumption increasing along with the world's population, electric cars, LEDs, smart grids, smart cities, dark silicon, new battery technology, and new ways of cooling data centers are some areas where advances in sustainability are expected," he writes.
"Silicon photonics will address bandwidth, latency, and energy challenges, and developments at all levels of the network stack will continue to drive research and the Internet economy," Milojicic continues. "In the area of software-defined networks, OpenFlow and SDN will make networks more secure, transparent, flexible, and functional."
Two of the longer term concerns entering the 2013-14 season for the Toronto Maple Leafs were the contract statuses of their star players Phil Kessel and Dion Phaneuf. GM Dave Nonis made good on Kessel’s desire to negotiate before the season, and now the Leafs leading scorer will be in the fold until 2022. Having taken care of the time sensitive work, now Nonis’ sights will be set on re-signing the Leafs captain to a long term deal. But what’s it going to cost? Let’s take a look.
Similarly for Phaneuf, the offensive dynamism that made him rich seems to have been replaced by defensive prowess. It’s not that Phaneuf has lost that offensive side to his game, it’s that his role and usage limit his overall number of offensive chances for in favour of limiting offensive chances against. Phaneuf could never score 40 points again, but he’s significantly more reliable, responsible and positionally sound than he was in his halcyon days as a scorer. As both James Mirtle and I said on Monday, Phaneuf is without a doubt the most irreplaceable player in the line up.
But there’s several factors that make me believe there’s no chance that Phaneuf can be re-signed for JayBo’s modest number. Firstly, there’s little similarity in their game, beyond the fact that both log a tonne of minutes. Over the past four seasons, Bouwmeester has 30 fewer points than Phaneuf; 22 fewer goals. While a top defenseman in his own right, Bouwmeester has to fight for third billing behind standouts Alex Pietrangelo and Kevin Shattenkirk. It’s hard to ask for a raise when there are two other guys at your work who do your job better than you. Phaneuf does not have to suffer that workplace competition, and might never in a Leaf uniform. Also, George W. Bush was still president at the start of the last season where Bouwmeester recorded 40 points. Finally, Phaneuf is also a year younger than Bouwmeester, still closer to his prime and still able to crack 40 points.
"It's probably made me think about footy in a few different ways, but in a lot of ways my beliefs about coaching are the same as his," Adcock said.
"I respect that he was able to tell me face-to-face where he thought my footy was at. It's fine, that's footy and I understand it's a business and sometimes you have to make the tough calls.
The measure, which passed the House in a 237 to 187 vote, is aimed at creating 500,000 jobs, according to a Senate summary of the bill. The Small Business Jobs Act also is intended to make credit more available for Main Street and enacts about $12 billion in tax breaks.
Temporarily, businesses can front-load that deduction by writing off 50% of capital expenditures made in 2008 and 2009. This bill extends that first-year depreciation for qualifying property that is put in service in 2010.
"We're trying to get to people's bottom lines so decisions can be made as to how we can move forward. We would like to do that tomorrow but that's up to others.
"It appears there has been little or no progress made on the key issue which is emerging - the Irish Language Act," he told the BBC's Evening Extra programme.
He also denied the Tory-DUP confidence and supply deal would make it impossible for the government to maintain their impartiality in Northern Ireland.
The ice creams are made with almond milk, and they are cholesterol- and lactose-free. "Almond milk has become a big trend," Dugo says. "This means you can eat ice cream even if you don't do dairy."
I said long ago the only solution was for the fed to buy these loans and refinance them at current market values. Banks could have continued servicing them to earn their money. A $100,000 loan modfied down to $70,000 still means a $135,000 total repayment at 5% interest. This could have allowed most people to keep their homes and also would set the ground for newly valid mortgage contracts. And the government could have even made a profit on it and saved the economy in one quick swoop. Proves they are not friends of the people.
I’m conflicted. As a front-end web developer, I should be excited about the advancements in HTML5: the new HTML tags that correct all the hacks and self-replicating div s; the correctly cross-browser rendered styles which have finally caught up to modern web design; and the new Javascript API’s that make the browser into a semi-legitimate – albeit Frankensteinian – app environment.
For a while, this was the accepted state of the web development world: the pieces didn’t really fit together, but with enough brute force you could make things work, even across browsers if you really put in that 50% extra effort. When that wasn’t good enough, browser vendors raced to introduce new features, knowing the spec would take a decade or more to be ratified.
Adding even more features that is basically implemented in the 3rd-place browser further bifurcates web development: either make full use of new technologies and create cool demos that target a small subset of platforms, or work across all modern platforms targeting a wide audience while sticking with more mundane design and coding techniques. I think most of us who have to work on the web fall into the latter camp by business necessity; it’s only in our spare time that we can try out the new stuff, but with no real hope to transfer what we learn back work-related tasks.
Chrome OS. It suddenly makes a little more sense.
Organizer Zizi Bandera says the attacks are a reminder: While transgender people want to make themselves more visible to the world, doing so still isn’t completely safe.
Can you believe that was only two years ago? My, what a roller coaster it’s been for you: winning the election, becoming Assistant Minister (not, as you insisted to Raphael Epstein that time, a ‘junior minister’ even though that’s a common and well-understood term) for Infrastructure and Regional Development, busting a leg tackling the newly deposed PM, being made Minister for Cities and the Built Environment.
In fact, VMAP_STACK lacking the equivalent functionality in grsecurity not only leaves it possible to exploit certain VLA-based overflows, it may ironically make it even easier to exploit these lingering forms of kernel stack overflows. Vmalloc allocations are less frequent to the point that one could more reliably target an adjacent victim kernel stack or other large allocation, not needing to know its absolute address.
A careful reader may have noted the title of this article is a tongue-in-cheek reference to the LWN article linked above. This blog is being published as a teachable moment to demonstrate that articles written by non-security experts simply repeating the security claims of other non-security experts about their own code or others' code are to be taken with a large grain of salt. The "ancient kernel hole" LWN grandiosely proclaimed was closed, was in fact not closed at all for the past seven years. The facts destroying the myth have been available there for everyone to see all this time, but when a news site seems to care so little about accuracy in reporting that it doesn't (for instance) contact the subject of an article prior to publication, or correct glaring factual errors in its content that they've been made aware of, instead requiring readers to wade through pages of third-party comments, it's no wonder that the public is fooled by authoritative-sounding articles and don't bother investigating further. Some months ago I stopped publicly commenting on LWN due to its lack of concern for accuracy in reporting and commenters' lack of interest in learning. When the next issue is reported incorrectly, a reader can't assume an expert will chime in with a proper analysis as happened in this case seven years ago.
When you're a real man (or real woman, as they case may be. Muscles are not a patriarchy, they're a pec-riachry), you make your own rules. Here's what they are:
Fail at committing cheese: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment. Are you a nerd?Are you a slob?Do you have a girly screen name on Team Liquid?If you answered any of these questions, there's only one thing can salvage your lifeYou see, I know a lotta y'all wanna spread the word of e-sports, but how you gonna get taken seriously if you look like the sterotypical gaming nerd. Y'aint, t's how.In order for our fandom to be taken seriously by today's materialist culture, we must be more than devoted, funny, and all around cool people. The Starcraft 2 fandom must be known o'er the land as the fandom with theHuah!When you're a(or, as they case may be. Muscles are not a patriarchy, they're a pec-riachry), you make your own rules. Here's what they are:1. You gotta ladder, bro. How you gonna be taken serious as a Starcraft 2 player if you don't ladder. That's common sense.2. When you win a game, reward yourself by doing a manly act of your choice. Flex! Punch something! Headbutt a tree! What matters is that you stay3. But when you, that's when you need toback the right to play.3a. If you lose a macro game, you need to do 10 crunches OR 10 jumping jacks OR ten push-ups3b. If you lose to cheese, you need to do 25 crunches, jumping jacks, OR push-ups3c. If you yourself are the cheeser and still you lose, you must do 30 crunches, jumping jacks, or push-ups4. After payin' your dues, you can rest if you feel you feel you need to. Play when you're ready, don't actually hurt yourself. We don't judge you...out loud.5. If you wanna keep track of your weight-loss and share the results with the thread, fucking go for it, bro. If you want to keep it to yourself, that is also dude. The goal is self-improvement through self-indudement.6. Buffcraft is not a substitute for an actual exercise regime. I'm not a doctah. Go see one before starting this program if you feel the need, due a medical condition, pregnancy, or anything like that.Remember, the most important rule is to get a little healthier and manlier (or womanlier!) while having fun playing Starcraft 2. Anything in accordance with that rule is not only allowed, but encouraged. You think you can have more fun adding "flex and then yell" at 50 food in your build order. Fucking do it. You wanna ladder dressed as David Coverdale from the band Whitesnake? Huah!And if you get flex and crunch your way to Masters, then you're just goddamn winning at everything.EDITED:A lot of y'all in the thread thing that the Buffcraft regime is insufficiently masculine. I'm proud of you for recognizing that more can be done. You wanna participate, and you think you can handle MORE than the vanilla pansy-ass version of Buffcraft. Post your alternative regimen in the thread, and keep us updated as you step up further. But remember, lying causes your secondary sexual organs to shrink to the size of raisins. And nobody likes raisins.: Having crushed my enemy and seeing him driven before me, I imagine the lamentations of his women.: 25 crunches. 25 jumping jacks: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 10 push-ups: 25 crunches, 25 jumping jacks, 20 push-ups. However, Ribbon does not cheese, and thus never has to face this punishment.
When the Senate Judiciary Committee confirmed Elliot Richardson as Richard Kleindienst’s successor in May ’73, they made him name a special prosecutor to their liking, Archibald Cox, and pledge that he would not fire Cox except for “extraordinary improprieties,” a Justice Department regulation that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has adopted in saying he would not fire special counsel Robert Mueller except for “cause.”
As today’s investigation unfolds, he cautions that “we are drifting into what may be uncharted waters if Trump makes good on his threat to fire Mueller. That would create a constitutional crisis.”
Pressed by Tumulty, she again demurred from the journalist’s label but said the Democratic nominee “can make the case against him, if he is the nominee, by pointing out what he has said, what he claims to believe in, the values he’s promoting. I think that’s a better way for the American people to draw their conclusions.”
Adventures can be inspired from anything. In the campaign I mentioned last article, one particularly nasty antagonist that the party set out to destroy was almost completely based on H.P. Lovecraft’s “Pickman’s Model”. It’s a story that hardly lends itself to high combat, but with a little modification I was able to pay it homage while making something unique and fun that Lovecraft fans could make a few guesses about along the way. Another adventure, to hunt a sewer dwelling urban legend called Croc-Man, led the party to call up thoughts and stories of Killer Croc from the Batman cartoon/comics. The story hardly had anything to do with the DC character, but it allowed me to direct the investigation because I knew what assumptions the party had made.
Don’t be afraid to make references to the genre directly or indirectly in your campaign. I don’t recommend taking your plot straight from Mass Effect for your Sci-Fi RPG, but if your group is familiar with the game and it has elements that blend well, use them.
Government spending cuts could cause growth only if they increase the other components by more than spending was cut. There's a common argument that this could happen in the long term. Less federal spending allows the government to take in fewer tax dollars. If you believe that the private sector better promotes economic growth than the government, then it makes sense that smaller government paired with lower taxes will lead to higher growth.
: Less government spending will not provide firms with more money to invest. So they would either need to pay shareholders less or borrow to invest more of their revenue for growth. It's hard to see why cutting government spending would encourage either of these options. At best, you could see the private sector attempt to provide some of the services that government cut, but most of the government's functions tend not to be potential profit centers for firms. More importantly, this would just replace the services the government already provided, so growth would remain flat. Economic activity would remain unchanged: some would just shift from government to firms. Net Exports: Less government spending could actually reduce net exports. If the deficit declines, then the dollar should strengthen. While that might sound great, it means that our goods and services will appear more expensive to those overseas. That will make it more difficult to convince them to buy U.S. exports.
It made sense that the commenters were anonymous: everyone was afraid of reprisals, especially since the stories included Tiernan threatening to ruin people’s careers. But, of course, that also made it hard to verify.
Now that complaints been made public, they can’t.
Apple regularly assists law enforcement by helping authorities extract information from both on and off the device — from iCloud backups, for example — but it has pushed back in the San Bernardino case because the FBI is attempting to breach encryption methods introduced in newer versions of its iOS software. In cases involving phones running iOS 7 and earlier, Apple can pull out information without actively unlocking the phone for law enforcement, but iOS 8 introduced encryption linked to the passcode that made this impossible. We don't yet know which operating system the dozen other iPhones were running, but the WSJ says that many of them are using older software than iOS 9.
"Dan actually approached Microsoft when he read about IE11 and WebGL," says Microsoft's senior director of IE marketing, Roger Capriotti, in an interview with The Verge. The partnership led to a new Hover! version built using the latest WebGL technologies, and it looks very different than the original game. However, the gameplay, physics engine, and original levels are all still in place so while there's a modern twist on a PC classic, it will feel all too familiar. Microsoft has also built in a new multiplayer option and touch support for its Hover! web version, allowing Internet Explorer 11 users on Windows 8.1 to make use of a touchscreen to play the game.
"I've never been as proud about anything I've created in my whole life," Caesar wrote in a note to The FADER, about the forthcoming full-length. "This body of work is about examining my most complex feelings and thoughts more directly. I'm more exposed than ever on this album. It's like I'm in therapy, but it's on display. And I got to make this with my friends. It's just us, no label, so it makes it that much more special."
Australia's fireworks industry is made up of between 250 to 300 companies.
"We take a lot of time and energy to make sure as an industry that we are safe with storage, handling, using, transporting and then the fact that then anyone can then buy them or sell them online and the general public is then using fireworks," Mr Howard said.
Secondly, whoever made that image did so with the intent of lying about the percentage of white Americans killed by black Americans. In 2014, that number was 14 percent, not 81 percent.
Southall at one point was on the ground being kicked and punched by several white men in attendance. When asked about the violent incident this morning on Fox & Friends, Trump said, “Maybe he should have been roughed up, because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing. I have a lot of fans, and they were not happy about it. And this was a very obnoxious guy who was a trouble-maker who was looking to make trouble.”
Hawaii conjures imagery of fresh fruit, bright cocktails and exotic flavours, yet you’ll also find wine produced here. Island Mana Wines (islandmanawines.com), in Honolulu’s beachside Waikiki neighbourhood, on the isle of Oahu, is a wine tasting experience with a difference. The tipples here are not made with grapes, but instead include varieties produced from guava, mango, passion fruit and pineapple– all sourced from organic fruit native to the island. Reservations must be made in advance; entry is free, you just pay for the wine you drink.
Skane, the region known for producing Absolut vodka, started to make a name for itself in the wine world during the 1990s. The main grapes of the region are solaris and rondo, which produce fruity whites and full-bodied reds. The Hallakra Vingard (hallakra.com), however, is renowned for its pinor noir. Groups of eight or more can book tours and tastings on request all year round (it’s open to the general public over the summer); prices available on request.
‘The features on this thing don't make any sense.’
"Not second class, but we don't have the money to do it," Symonds told the official Formula One website when asked if missing out makes it a second class team. "We wanted to join, but then we worked out the costs and it showed that we couldn't afford to do it.
"Not eliminated - that would be a too strong word - but if Pirelli hit the target then I would expect that two-stop races turn into one-stop races and three-stop races turn into two-stop races. We will see wider windows to make the pit stop - so the strategic element will be less, but not eliminated.
"They have 46 chapters in 40 different states," said Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the SPLC. "That makes them far larger than other groups in terms of chapters."
But it's not remotely as dumb as what the EU has decided to do in regulating corporations such that they are disallowed from viewing public social media information about an applicant unless it directly relates to the job for which they have applied. To be clear, this new regulation is non-binding at the moment, but it will be the basis of data protection laws set to come out in the future. Still, preventing a company from viewing publicly available information doesn't make much sense.
Regardless, what is made abundantly clear on Pixelapse's website is that drawing coherent illustrations was not a business need for their company. This must be true more broadly, because Dropbox themselves acquired Pixelapse even though they could not competently draw a box.
Since that writing, Facebook's Director of Product Design, Maria Guidice chided designers who "like to make things pretty, a term I like to refer to as 'aesthetic masturbation.'" Today we are told we can rest assured that visual design is no longer so vacuous and superficial, due to the advent of flat design.
Assuming the veracity of the regime as the cause, how could a U.S. attack not make a horrible situation even more horrible, both inside Syria and in the volatile region?
Aggressive arms controls should be the priority of the leading superpower in the world. Why haven’t you made U.S. ratification of the small arms, the landmines, and the cluster munitions treaties, adhered to by most nations, a priority?
The scheme is run mostly from outside the United States, and organizers use software to make the calls appear on caller ID to be coming from GWP or from local numbers with an 818 area code, the utility said in a statement.
What you should know about a new law that will make it tougher for consumers to clear their debts.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � President Bush on Wednesday signed into law a bankruptcy reform bill that will make it harder for individuals to clear their debts through bankruptcy. So, experts say, if you were thinking about filing for bankruptcy, you might think twice -- or act twice as quickly, since major provisions of the law will go into effect six months from the day the law is signed. Individuals filing for bankruptcy usually do so either under Chapter 7 or under Chapter 13. In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, your assets (minus those exempted by your state) are liquidated and given to creditors, and many of your remaining debts are cancelled, giving you what's known as a "fresh start." In 2004, over 1.1 million people filed for Chapter 7, accounting for roughly 72 percent of non-business bankruptcies. Since many Chapter 7 filers don't have assets that qualify for liquidation, credit card companies and other creditors sometimes get nothing. In a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, you're put on a repayment plan of up to five years. Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan don't have to be paid. Last year, there were 445,574 Chapter 13 filings. Under the new law, fewer people will be allowed to file under Chapter 7; more will be forced to file under Chapter 13. Lawmakers who favor the legislation argue that it will prevent consumers from abusing the bankruptcy laws � using them to clear debts that they can afford to pay. But consumer advocates argue that the new law is a gift to creditors � particularly the credit card industry, which may receive $1 billion or more from repayment plans due to the expected increase in Chapter 13 filings, according to Robert McKinley, CEO of CardWeb.com. "The bill simply doesn't balance responsibility between families in debt trouble and the creditors whose practices have contributed to the rise in bankruptcies," said Travis Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America in a written statement. Key changes Here are some of the major changes for consumers under the new law: A qualifying test: Currently, it's up to the court to determine if your case qualifies for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the new law, your income will be subject to a two-part means test. First, it will be subject to a formula that exempts certain expenses (rent, food, etc.) to determine whether you can afford to pay 25 percent of your "nonpriority unsecured debt" such as your credit card bills. Second, your income would be compared to your state's median income. You won't be allowed to file for Chapter 7 if your income is above your state's median and you can afford to pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, said California-based bankruptcy attorney Stephen Elias, who is coauthor of the book "How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy." But, he said, you may be allowed to file for Chapter 13. If your income is below the state's median but you can pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, you may be able to file Chapter 7, but the court can still require you to file Chapter 13 instead if it believes that you would be abusing the system by filing for Chapter 7, Elias said. Under current law, the court has great latitude in deciding whether debtors may file for bankruptcy in consideration of their personal circumstances. Under the new law, there will be few if any exceptions made to the means test, no matter how sympathetic your case, said Leon Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Los Angeles. Determining what you can afford to pay: Currently, if you file for Chapter 13 today, the court determines what you can afford to pay based on what you and the court deem to be reasonable and necessary expenses. Under the new law, the court will apply living standards derived by the IRS to determine what is reasonable to pay for rent, food and other expenses to figure out how much you have available to pay your debts. The IRS regulations are more stringent, and to contest them means asking for a hearing from a judge, which can mean more time and expense, Elias said. Tougher homestead exemptions: Currently, if you declare bankruptcy, the state where you file may allow you to protect from creditors some or all of your home equity. In Florida, for instance, your home may be entirely exempt, even if you bought it soon before filing. In Nevada, you may exempt up to $200,000. The new law, however, places more stringent restrictions on the homestead exemption. For instance, if filers haven't lived in a state for at least two years, they may only take the state exemption of the state where they lived for the majority of the time for the 180 days before the two-year period. Filers may only exempt up to $125,000, regardless of a state's exemption allowance, if their home was acquired less than 40 months before filing or if the filer has violated securities laws or been found guilty of certain criminal conduct. Unlike most of the other provisions, the new homestead exemption rules go into effect immediately. Lawyer liability: Under the new law, if information about a client's case is found to be inaccurate, the bankruptcy attorney may be subject to various fees and fines. What that means for consumers is it will be harder to find a bankruptcy attorney willing to file because of the liability and the additional work required to verify a client's information, Elias said. Those who are willing are likely to charge more. Credit counseling and money management: Under provisions of the new law you must meet with a credit counselor in the six months prior to applying for bankruptcy. And before debts are discharged, you must attend money management classes at your expense. What should you do? For those people who have considered bankruptcy, the time to act may be now, consumer advocates say. Talk to a good bankruptcy lawyer, Plunkett said. If together you decide bankruptcy is the right call, you might consider speeding up your plans to file since most of the main provisions of the new law won't go into effect until six months from now. Typically, it can take a couple of weeks to file for bankruptcy, said Bayer. See Money magazine's 9-step program for tackling your debt problem. Money 101: Controlling debt Debt reduction planner
“It’s the process of secondary fermentation which makes real ale unique and develops the wonderful tastes and aromas which processed beers can never provide,” says Rob Whitmore, Norwich and Norfolk Branch Secretary of the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA), a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving and promoting traditional “real” ales.
The pubs themselves view real ale as a crucial part of their identity, and one that offers benefits to their business as much as it does to the city’s reputation as a standout destination for beer. “Being recognized as a ‘real ale’ pub is enormously important to us, and certainly brings in many customers locally, and attracts out of town visitors,” Cutter says. “Being part of a successful and vibrant real ale city makes us extremely fortunate – but being recognized as an award winning real ale pub put our establishment in the forefront, ahead of many others.”
Dawn Leeder is chair of the City of Ale Festival, a 10-day celebration of Norwich’s ale and pub scene every May, and she has seen enormous growth and renewed interest in the real ale scene over recent years. “The real ale renaissance of the 21st century has allowed many microbreweries to open in Norwich and Norfolk. Over 40 breweries took part in last year’s festival and several more have opened since then,” she says. “Norfolk also produces some of the finest malting barley in the world – the maritime microclimate of our county’s north coast gives rise to cooling harsh frosts which slow the ripening of the grain, intensifying the flavors to make very fine beer indeed.”
In an August 1998 interview, for example — the one where Trump called Clinton accuser Paula Jones "a loser" — Chris Matthews asked Trump if he would ever run for president. Trump said no, "can you imagine how controversial that'd be? You think about [Clinton] with the women. How about me with the women? Can you imagine...." Matthews made a cigar joke, and Trump reconsidered: "Well, they might like my women better, too, you know." As late as 2008, Trump called the Lewinsky affair "something that was totally unimportant," and argued in 2001 that Bill Clinton's big mistake is that he didn't take invoke his Fifth Amendment right to stay silent during the questioning about Lewinsky.
Perhaps Donald Trump truly believes that Bill Clinton is a rapist, or at best "one of the worst abusers of women" in U.S. history, as he said. And therefore, Trump invited a man he believes to be a rapist to his wedding, where Trump had his new wife pose beside the ostensible abuser, Trump smiling as the man he believed to be a sexual predator posed with his arm encircling his new bride's waist. Or maybe Trump doesn't actually believe that Bill Clinton is a rapist, or one of the worst abusers of women in history. Rather, he is cynically and falsely publicizing a rape accusation, knowing the accused may well be innocent, because spreading it will help Trump to win power. A frivolous or disingenuous rape accusation would typically make Trump supporters apoplectic.... They regard false rape accusations as serious if not unforgivable transgressions. [The Atlantic]
Neither option looks very good for Trump. And yet he soldiers on, "a walking contradiction," as Chuck Todd said on Wednesday's NBC Today. "He has contradicted every single attack he's made on the Clintons. You can find sound to contradict it. It doesn't touch him."
2. Talking about Clinton makes Trump looking like a lying, misogynist jerk.
Now this is nonsense, on its face. First of all, Melania Trump is involved in Trump's campaign — she appears with him at campaign events, she has been interviewed about the campaign on TV, and she has stumped for her husband. If Bill Clinton's participation in his wife's campaign makes him a target, Trump's exemption of his wife makes no sense. Second of all, Hillary Clinton pointing out the offensive things Trump has really said about women doesn't have anything to do with Bill Clinton.
One of the most important things determining the quality of a photo is the angle from which it was taken. Even if you have a really interesting subject and you follow the most important composition guidelines, you still need to find that unique and interesting angle to really make your photo shine.
Whenever you’re trying to pick the best angle for a photo, you should always think about balancing the composition, and the angle that you shoot from makes a huge difference for the horizontal and vertical balance of the photo. Let me show you what I mean with an example.
A great way to make your photos more intimate is to get closer to your subjects – even closer than you would feel comfortable. That way your photos can convey the kind of intimacy that is normally only found in real life.
Another great way to show perspective is to get really low with your iPhone. That creates an exaggerated perspective by making the objects in the foreground look massive, which can be used to emphasize details on the ground level and make the image more immersive.
An easy way to greatly improve your photos and make mundane scenes exciting is to include reflections in your photos. While you can find reflections on many different surfaces, water is perhaps the most obvious medium for interesting and unique reflections.
In general, I prefer to include both the actual subjects and their refections in the photo, and I like to make the reflections equally or more prominent than the other parts of the photo. Often the only way you can do this is by placing the lens of your iPhone just a little bit above the water. If the iPhone is even an inch higher, you probably won’t be able to frame the photo as needed.
To make sure that the shadows fit in with the rest of the composition, treat them like you would treat any other photography subject. Quite often it means that your photos with shadows should be shot from the top with the ground taking up a large part of the composition.
Shooting from hip height is one of the best ways to improve your street photos and other photos of people that are not portraits. By changing the angle like this you can make the photo more dynamic and interesting just because we normally don’t look at other people from that angle.
This is one of my favorite iPhone photos, and it’s made much more interesting by the subtle but perceptible tilting of the frame. Of course, the subjects couldn’t walk like this in real life, thus making this photo a bit surreal.
The decision to join the suit didn’t come without concerns, with Rayshawn mentioning having their “life on a platter for everyone to look at and pick at and make their assumptions and put their opinions on,” and Avery was worried about “being vulnerable and exposed for everybody to look at.”
“This is a really important issue and it’s near and dear to my heart,” Avery continues. “And if it’s near and dear to your heart then you want to fight for it and make things right.”
“To finally know the background of everybody and that we’re all fighting for the same mission, it meant so much,” Rayshawn says. “All of us have our own individual reasons for why [we’re joining the suit], so it was kind of like an ‘ah-ha’ moment. They all make sense. Look at that. They’re all valid reasons why this thing should be recognized.”
Following the press conference, and especially after segments on the lawsuit ran on the 12 o’clock news that day, came what Rayshawn called “shock and awe”—a barrage of phone calls, text messages and Facebook messages and friend requests from people far and wide trying to make a connection with this suddenly public couple.
As I age, I get a feeling that I am becoming more and more nostalgic about the simple life, limited number of options and opportunities that were present, good food, clean environment, closer interactions with people and less of noise and emissions that electronic-mechanical machines cause. The recent trip to my hometown has already made me even more wistful, in fact. However, ‘change’ is must for the humanity to progress and… sigh… I have to live with the present.
Unfortunately I do not have a picture of this but I am sure anybody in their 30s and 40s must have eaten whole lot of them during their childhood. These candies – known as ‘Green Parry’ (‘Paccha pyaari’ in Malayalam) – was among the four or five wrapped candy options that we had at that time apart from those local made ‘uncovered’ ones. I remember, Parry’s competitor Nutrine introducing an imitation of the same several years later.
Now, this one is tricky and probably only Malayalis will understand what I am talking about. During those days mostly there would be at least one Keralite from every other household working in the Gulf countries (Generalized as ‘Persia’) and they make a visit once in every four or five years. At that time, everyone in the family – to the n’th relationship level – neighborhood and the village need to be gifted something or other. Cigarettes, cheap perfume sprays and synthetic clothe material or saris that will last beyond five generations were some of the cheaper options to keep everyone happy. Among these gifts, the kids usually gets the so-called “Happy T-shirt” which is nothing but a round neck T-shirt made of cheap synthetic fabric and a big H A P P Y written on it in a semi circle. We kids were, indeed, very happy to get them as gifts and would proudly wear them till they wore out. Those who wear Happy Tees were identified as the Gulf fellow’s son or relative.
Now, how many of you can guess what it was? Tinopal (later it became Ranipal) was one of the clothe whitening agents (like Ujala) that I have seen my mother using during my childhood. It always amazed me because a drop of it was good enough for a bucketful of white clothes to make it surprisingly sparkling and smelling good. Its fragrance was similar to that of the modern fabric conditioners but I believe it was far superior. Sometimes, I just don’t understand why such brands were discontinued.
Secondary cells have become more and more popular and have replaced primary cells in many applications. However, in some use-cases like smoke detectors it still makes sense to use primary cells because their self-discharge rate is much lower.
A note should be made regarding signal-to-noise ratio. Early DC tests required high-amperage for this reason. Imagine being at a cocktail party and trying to listen to a conversation across the room. It is only possible to do if the person is screaming.
President  rump has laid out our princi ples or tax reorm: First, make the tax code simple, air and easy to understand. Second, give American workers a pay raise by allowing them to keep more o their hard-earned pay checks. Tird, make America the jobs magnet o  the world by levelin g the playing ﬁeld or American businesses and workers. Finally , bring back trillions o dollars that are currently kept oﬀshore to reinvest in the American economy. Te President’ s our princip les are consisten t with the goals o both congression al tax-writing committees, and are at the core o this ramework or ﬁxing America’s broken tax code. oo many in our country are shut out o the dynamism o the U.S. economy, which has led to the justiﬁable eeling that the system is rigged against hardw orking American s. With signiﬁcan t and meaningul tax reorm and relie, we will create a airer system that levels the playing ﬁeld and extends economic opportunities to American workers, small businesses, and middle-income amilies. Te rum p Administration and Congress will work together to produce tax reorm that w ill put America ﬁrst.
The Oregon-Stanford matchup has traditionally influenced playoff and BCS tides. But this year it wouldn't make a ripple in a kiddie pool. The once-ordained have been reduced to ordinary.
This normally drab corner of the concrete jungle is transformed every Wednesday, bringing a little bit of the Queensland country to the Central Business District. Farmers and producers peddle their delicious wares to a bustling crowd of city workers, students and visitors. For around $10 (£6), you can take your pick from hand-crafted dumplings, German Bratwurst and tasty vegetarian options from the Nom Noms stall. This is also the place for hunting and gathering locally made cheese, hot-smoked salmon, artisan sourdough, macaroons, brownies and ginger beer – all the makings of a perfect riverside picnic in the nearby botanical gardens.
The ground floor of an office tower in the Central Business District seems an unlikely spot for what is undoubtedly the city's best ramen, but it's worth battling the lunchtime crush for a bowl of their signature Red Tonkatsu Ramen ($15.90). Made from Bangalow pork bones, the rich stock has been bubbling away for two days by the time it's ladled into your bowl with tender, slow-roasted char siu pork, noodles, nori, seasoned egg and shallots. Naturally, noodles are made on the premises. For a tamer option, the shoyu ramen broth is a balanced blend of vegetable, chicken and seafood – or try "golden triple soup" with aged soy for a delectable umami hit ($13.90).
On March 10, 2011, Pearson was arrested along with 60 others and charged with drug offenses. The arrest was made during a predawn raid at her home in Baltimore following a five-month DEA operation.[12] At the first hearing after her arrest, Judge John Addison Howard denied Pearson bail due to her acting ability: "Well, you can change your appearance, I've seen the episodes of The Wire in which you appear. You look very different than you do here today, and I'm not talking about the jumpsuit, I'm talking about your general appearance."[13] After a month in jail, Pearson was offered bail of $50,000 on April 8, 2011.[14] In August 2011, she pleaded guilty to the charges a day before her trial was to begin.[15] She was sentenced to a suspended seven-year prison term, with credit for time served, and given three years of supervised probation.[16]
Agent Rich Paul, who represents LeBron James, John Wall and others, “has been preparing for his client to go to Philadelphia from the moment the Sixers got the” top selection in the May 17 draft lottery, according to the source. Neither Simmons nor Paul has apparently made any public comments about draft preference and the Sixers since the lottery. Simmons has a connection to the area in that his trainer lives in Drexel Hill. He’s also known Sixers coach Brett Brown, who coached Simmons’ dad in Melbourne, Australia, since birth.
There will always be a place for big-bodied, strong-armed passers who make full-field progression reads from the pocket. Each NFL game still presents multiple scenarios that demand this type of play. But the game has opened up and evolved to the point where this classic style of quarterbacking is no longer mandatory on every series.
Tom Brady is the obvious outlier among this year’s AFC playoff quarterbacks. Fans marvel at the way he wins no matter how bland his supporting cast might be. What’s not asked often enough is how does he win? Brady has full power to adjust plays at the line of scrimmage, and his pocket mobility, pinpoint accuracy and underrated arm strength make him a lethal full-field progression passer. But with a makeshift offensive line, average wide receivers and a mediocre ground game, Brady lacks the surrounding resources to play this way down in and down out. So he and offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels have constructed a quick-strike passing attack that sustains drives through small chunks and yards-after-catch.
He is also looking at St. John’s, Temple, Oregon, Kentucky and UConn. He is expected to make a decision by June but Gottfried is surely hoping to come home with one in a few days.
In 2007, the first year as a comedy-only venue, he and his partners lost $404,000, according to Ritter. In 2008, the venue lost $268,000. And last year, as attendance continued to grow and Ritter cut payroll by 55 percent, it actually made a profit, of about $65,000.
The Soviet government "expressed regret in regard to the incident," and, "taking into account... conditions which do not exclude the possibility of a mistake from one side or the other," was willing to compensate the US for 50% of damages sustained—the first such offer ever made by the Soviets for any Cold War shoot-down incident.
Suspensions for Sergio Aguero, Fernandinho and Nicolas Otamendi had forced the Spaniard to make changes here, and his side were devoid of cohesion.
"Fifty changes, they've made this season. It's nice to build relationships and have some familiarity. You can't keep changing players."
Defensive numbers make bad reading for Guardiola
Despite the dominance of digital atheism, the community hasn’t made the same impact on the mobile web. The online atheism community hasn’t produced many apps of its own. Many of them are mainly collections of Richard Dawkins quotes in horrible fonts; others, like the Atheist Pocket Debater, are explicitly designed to needle Christians. While there are atheist apps, most of them are terrible, or promote arguing.
This is not helped by reports that some atheists repurpose religious apps to fight about belief; in 2013, for example, The Washington Post reported that a regular free Bible app had gained an unusual following among nonbelievers. Another atheist has made money off of a Bible app he sells to Spanish believers. One diabolical-sounding atheist said he used a Bible app every night to “engage believers in verse-on-verse debates via Twitter.”
While Atheos has overtures toward civility, its endgame is to make interlocutors doubtful about their most deeply held beliefs, and there’s something inherently confrontational about that. I don’t see how an app that encourages atheists to practice rebuttals and argument-hole-poking will help relationships between believers and nonbelievers. Atheos might be more useful for atheists engaging in conversation with believers if the screen simply flashed the words Maybe switch the topic to prestige TV??? anytime its sensors picked up voices using the terms “God,” “religion,” or “Neil deGrasse Tyson.” Maybe the reason there are no good apps for atheists is you just can’t make one. Atheos certainly tries, but at the crux of all these apps is either engaging in fruitless argument or strategically avoiding discussion of the very thing you downloaded an app for.
“All this back-and-forth sniping serves to do is to make us feel a sense of superiority to the person making the claims and does nothing for them except leave them with a smugness about their assumption that ‘atheists are all mean,’” former atheist blogger Martin Pribble wrote in 2013. “Faith overrides knowledge and truth in any situation, so arguing with a theist is akin to banging your head against a brick wall: You will injure yourself and achieve little.”
April 28, 2012 on Yellowknife Bay. The surface melt begins to make transportation more difficult to and from the houseboats near Jolliffe Island.
The decision to remove the mural, which shows Spacey as “House of Cards” character Frank Underwood, was made jointly with the wall’s owners, Akse added.
“A lot of people go to their country clubs the day before and have them make their sushi platters and bring them up,” says Venokur, who lives on the Upper East Side.
The third-season premiere of Kargman’s show, airing 10 p.m. July 12 on Bravo, centers around the absurdities of camp visiting day. She says nannies are more rare, but do make a cameo or two each summer. She recalls one set of parents who wouldn’t let their nanny dress down for the occasion.
“They made her wear the white Red Kap outfit,” she says. “I was like, ‘Give her a break, can’t she wear her dungarees? It’s f–king Maine. But she’s in uniform?’”
You will be reminded of this if you can bring yourself to delve into the latest report on Burma from Human Rights Watch. It makes for a harrowing read. One of the group’s researchers has carefully documented the use of rape as an instrument of terror during the Burmese military’s recent ethnic cleansing campaign, which since August has driven more than 600,000 members of the Muslim Rohingya minority into neighboring Bangladesh.
We know it’s a crime. It’s been defined as one in international law. But it’s still happening. And it will continue to happen until we can make the perpetrators truly accountable.
But let’s not forget the other victims of similar atrocities around the world. And above all, let’s make a concerted global effort to marshal money and resources for the medical and psychological care the survivors so urgently need. We should not compound past crimes by the sin of neglect.
Yeast. They already participate in producing some of the most popular pain-killing substances around: beer and wine. Now, scientists have engineered yeast that can also make one of the most powerful analgesics: morphine. Their work is in the journal Nature Chemical Biology. [Kate Thodey, Stephanie Galanie and Christina D. Smolke, A microbial biomanufacturing platform for natural and semisynthetic opioids]
The yeast can’t yet make opiates from scratch. But with a bit more effort and a few more enzymes, yeast may produce painkillers that are prescription strength.
Texas: Texas has officially announced Sterlin Gilbert as offensive coordinator/quarterbacks coach and Matt Mattox as offensive line coach/run game coordinator. Gilbert will earn $850,000 per year over a three-year contract; Mattox will make $550,000 a year over his three-year contract. Shawn Watson and Joe Wickline will not have their contracts renewed.
By 11am Monday morning, both Ashley’s Facebook and Instagram accounts have either been either removed or made private. Nonetheless, her story about being supposedly attacked by three black men has outraged the Internet.
Teachers and parents can also try to redirect some of that anxiety, a tactic that makes students feel more confident and actually perform better on high-stakes tests. Researchers have found one promising method in which students are told that the anxiety they feel before a test is actually helpful – not harmful – to their test performance.
Italian prosecutors recently made an important breakthrough: the Egyptian government agreed to hand over mobile phone records from both the area where Regeni was last seen, and the place where his body was found. Perhaps even more important, during a visit to Rome in early September, Egyptian prosecutors admitted for the first time that Regeni had been under police surveillance before his disappearance.
The Sisi government regards these workers with clear suspicion. Street vendors moved rapidly into Tahrir Square during the massive demonstrations of 2011. Most were simply looking to make a little money, selling food and drink to protesters, but their very presence was viewed by the authorities as aiding and abetting the revolution. Since then, the government has sought unsuccessfully to remove street vendors from the centre of Cairo, using fines, prison sentences and violence.
While the independent unions were certainly regarded by the Sisi regime with extreme suspicion, the government had already gone a long way to rendering them toothless. One of Sisi’s first moves was to make the chief of the federation of independent unions his minister of labour, an appointment intended to co-opt the movement and bring it under government control. Just this summer, in a further threat to their independence, a new measure was introduced, forcing the independents to re-register or risk decertification.
However, phone records placed the leader of the gang more than 100km away from Cairo at the time of Regeni’s disappearance. Relatives of the alleged criminal gang have insisted that its members were killed in cold blood at close range, rather than in a shootout. The government’s scenario also made little sense: why would a band of thieves keep Regeni’s identity cards, given that they would provide incriminating evidence that tied them to the crime? Why would they torture a robbery victim for a week without ever asking for ransom money or using his credit card? Egyptian officials have now accepted that it is unlikely the dead men had anything to do with Regeni’s death. In fact, by producing Regeni’s passport and identity cards, the Egyptian police have apparently incriminated themselves.
Regeni’s death is a mystery hiding in plain sight: his seemingly inexplicable, brutal torture and killing reflects the demise of Egyptian democracy, the stripping away of already limited liberties and protections, the brutal crackdown on dissent, the increase in torture and forced disappearances, the tendency to blame the country’s problems on outside conspiracies. In this closed world, Giulio Regeni, with his ability to speak five languages, his mobile phone full of foreign and Egyptian contacts, might look like a spy, and police, in a system with little or no accountability, might make reckless mistakes.
“When I had the dismal experience of trying to find kit I liked and that I could do long rides in without it literally being a pain in my ass, I decided, why not make it better?”
Britain’s parliamentary sovereignty is based on the Diceyian notion that no Parliament can legally bind its successor. It is of course a myth, fraud, and part of the folklore which makes up how the British constitution has evolved over time.
The toxic distrust on the Tory right takes them into a surreal world of the land of make believe where a more full-blooded Conservative Party would be rapturously received by the voters; it is the kind of Walter Mitty fantasyland which the Labour left used to inhabit in the 1980s and which did such damage to the Labour Party.
Strangely one of the paradoxes of this is that as parliamentary sovereignty has weakened in practice, our political classes have become more obsessed by it. One explanation for this is that it is one of the tales told of which makes Westminster and its politicians feel special and unique. Parliamentary sovereignty is one of the last stories of British exceptionalism; a kind of British version of the American dream but just for our political elites.
It has long outserved its usefulness, and should be carted away to some special museum or made the subject of a David Starkey TV special on the mumbo-jumbo which people used to believe in the bad old days. It is time for Britain to enter the modern age, become a fully-fledged democracy, and dispense with the idea that parliamentary sovereignty protects us.
McKean created C.D. covers for many artists, amongst others for Alice Cooper, Altan, Tori Amos, Download, Frontline Assembly, Paradise Lost, Dream Theater, Skinny Puppy,[16] Toad the Wet Sprocket and Steve Walsh. He made book covers for Jonathan Carroll, Iain Sinclair and Alan Moore.
Culligan made his remarks following—and in response to—comments from several environmental justice advocates on the final rule, some of whom called for the EPA to do more to protect overburdened communities.
Golden said that Democrats must be held accountable, too. “There’s a lot of Democrats out there who made a lot of promises that they haven’t really been stepping up on either,” he said.
I am glad to hear that @DukeU reversed its decision to allow Muslim call to prayer from its chapel bell tower. They made the right decision! — Franklin Graham (@Franklin_Graham) January 15, 2015
There are a lot of free agent big men available this year and Toronto has to make decisions on Amir Johnson, Tyler Hansbrough, Chuck Hayes and Greg Stiemsma before looking at the numerous possibilities available.
Jameson Miller: Davis has had a great year in limited minutes on an awful team, so valuing him accurately comes with all sorts of potential pitfalls and caveats. Trevor Lane: He is a fantastic player but his shortcomings limit his usefulness. His slim frame kills his effectiveness as a center by making it tough for him to stand his ground defensively against bigger players, while his complete lack of a jump shot makes it difficult to play him at power forward.
In a Japan-dominated postwar world, American cartoonists probably would have been repressed, particularly those who contributed to wartime propaganda. Manga reaching US shores likely would have looked more realistically Japanese. And, Salel points out, as the preferred style of the victors, manga probably wouldn’t have conveyed the underground chic that’s made it so popular among US comic aficionados today. Imagine outlaw teens and proud geeks in a different world: would they have clustered around smuggled copies of Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse?
It’s not that hard to imagine, since similar looks have made it into American stores in the real world. Japanese retailer Uniqlo, renowned for its preppy clothes, also carries yukatas and Japanese-patterned shorts in its lineup. And Harajuku style, which merges American design and theatrical Japanese aesthetic, shows how the east Asian nation’s culture has impacted western clothing today.
Two years after her rape, Bradshaw-Bean has decided to speak out to NBC because she doesn't want anyone else "to have to go through what I did," she told reporter Abigail Pesta. She feels that her case was egregiously mishandled. Firstly, she believes that the fact that she didn't cry in her forensic interview caused the police to take her accusation less seriously. "I'm sorry, am I supposed to cry? Am I supposed to feel the emotions you tell me to?... Am I supposed to feel these emotions right now and not go into shock and not [not] know what's happening?" she asked in a taped segment with the channel. According to her account, the police were eager to push her case under the rug; she was told by the police that the sex was consensual and that there was no evidence to prove otherwise. The District Attorney of her county told NBC that she had used language that "implied consensual sex instead of forcible rape" when the police interviewed her, but he doesn't have any record of the context in which she made that statement in his notes. "I was reporting a rape," Bradshaw-Bean insisted in response. "It sounds like my words are getting twisted. If you have to twist someone's words to make your case, then something's not right."
The ED outlined and instituted a 13-point plan to bring Henderson High in line with its Title IX obligations. As part of that, the faculty was made to undergo extensive training — which was very necessary because, as Pesta points out, most high schools' Title IX coordinators don't have a real, firm grasp of what the law entails. The disciplinary actions taken against Bradshaw-Bean were also scrubbed from her record, and the school had to pay for her to undergo counseling.
“There are a core of right-wing extremists who have made life difficult for some of the Conservatives in the group and the Independent members of the administration.”
Local authority leader George Alexander last night confirmed that a series of “unpalatable” cuts is expected to be made public next month.
The independent councillor said: “None of these cuts have been decided but we will make our proposals public in December and I don’t think that will be a nice Christmas present for people.
“The information we now know about Mr. Katriuk makes it unconscionable for the existing decision … to stand. There is no justification for continuing to give him a haven in Canada,” it said.
“None will live long enough to make it to trial, they will hire excellent lawyers. … They’ll delay and throw legal roadblocks in the way until they have died safely in their beds, but it’s the point of doing it.”
I’ve fallen into a hole and I seem to not be able to climb out of it. I used to be completely optimistic and cheery. Lately things have changed and I’m quite the opposite. I stopped practicing yoga, meditating, working out, eating the way I should be and I’ve started being lazy and doing things that do not make me happy for fulfilled. It was a downward spiral and I needed to tighten my grip on reality.
Swedish scientist Izabela Buraczewska found that creams can actually make the skin drier in the long run. Basically, once you start using a cream or lotion to combat dry skin, you have to keep using it or your skin will regress to a point even drier than it was before you started using the cream. She used several different kind of creams and oils to test her results, and she found that even different pH levels didn’t change the effects on the skin. Both mineral and vegetable oil were tried, and both resulted in the skin having less resistance to drying elements. Strangely enough, however, using a complex cream had less of a drying effect. To Buraczewska, this meant that a blanket assignation of blame to all creams and lotions simply isn’t realistic. The problem wasn’t with the idea of artificial skin creams; the problem was that an effective skin cream simply hadn’t been created that could deal with the drying effects.
It’s not actually anywhere near as much of a return to the sound of the Nineties that they’ve made it out to be. Within bars of the opener ‘Ain’t Got Nobody’, it’s clear that there’s just as much overlap with the crunch and flex of Maladroit as with the chugging fuzz of Blue. It’s a dense sound with glamorous guitar runs and, by blending the strengths of their career high points, they hit on some of the greatest moments of their recent output. The hooks of the opening track are genuinely reminiscent of Rivers’ golden age of song writing: ‘The British Are Coming’ sees a lilting turn of Rivers Cuomo’s falsetto morph into a solo which wanders from the main melody in the soulful, colourful way of Blue’s instrumental breaks. But sadly these moments of inspiration are fleeting.
One of the oddest problems with Weezer’s recent output is how blindly contradictory Cuomo can be on record nowadays in comparison to the robust character portraits he painted on his earliest records. Everything… is no different, and finds him sounding as oddly insincere as he has since on every record since 2005. After coming back on hands and knees to the audiences of the mid-nineties, he spends ‘I’ve Had It Up To Here’ rallying against those who want him to compromise some odd notion of integrity (“I’M NOT A HAPPY MEAL”, he proudly announces us in the album’s best wincer of a Cuomoism). How he squares this circle is unclear, but it totally undermines the seriousness of something like ‘Foolish Father’. Does he even mean this? Is he talking about himself? Is it all made up?
Maybe even the difference between playing for it all and playing out the string – both the season and a spectacular coaching career in Norman for Stoops. Fair or not, Stoops was feeling heat heading into this season, and had made changes to the staff in the offseason to address some glaring problems.
All he did was make OU a national power again, and lead the Sooners to the College Football Playoff – something that seemed like a pipedream this time last season. Mayfield threw for 35 touchdowns, and rushed for seven more, had 3,383 yards passing and completed nearly 70 percent of his throws.
His magnetic personality and carefree style helped loosen up a team that at times played much too tight over the last two seasons. OU played tight, made mistakes, lost games and lost its mojo.
It serves as the stereo for students who listen to MP3 files and radio Webcasts. It makes answering machines less necessary because so much communication occurs via e-mail and instant messages. It can even substitute for televisions and alarm clocks.
In a sign of how important Internet access has become, students at Michigan State University, where most dormitories are wired, lined up seven hours in advance last spring to make sure that they were assigned to wired housing. To help those who missed out, the college installed voice mail. Everyone in those dorms uses the telephone lines for dial-up access, said James L. Carey, a sophomore, "and students would be online so much they would never get phone calls."
The presence of the computer can sway some students away from academics, however. Mr. Carey, the sophomore at Michigan State, said he had failed all his classes his first semester. "I was shellshocked," he said. "I stayed in my room all the time." He would log on to the Internet as soon as he woke up and hung out with friends he had made online instead of doing homework or talking with friends on campus. This year, he said, he is doing much better and uses his computer mainly for homework.
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.92 KB Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
He has the stuff to make that jump, though, with a polished three-pitch mix that includes an 89-93 mph running fastball, a 72-76 mph big-breaking curveball, and an 80-84 mph sinking changeup. His fastball/changeup combination is solid, and both are solid-average pitches; the curveball flashes higher than both of them and could be a plus offering, but he’s not consistent with his usage of it. Sometimes he’ll fall in love with the pitch and throw it 50% of the time for an inning, while others he’ll abandon it altogether. Here’s a look at the pitch flummoxing touted Red Sox prospect Manuel Margot:
Everything else is a work in progress, which is why Senzatela doesn’t miss many bats. He throws a slider, curve, and changeup, all of which grade out as 30 or 35-grade pitches on the 20-80 scouting scale. The 71-75 mph curve is very soft and doesn’t have the big break required to make a pitch that slow work, the slider lacks bite, and the changeup doesn’t have good movement either, though it does have good velocity separation at 77-82 mph. Every now and then, Senzatela will flash up to fringe-average with his offspeed pitches, lending hope that he’ll take some steps forward in that department as time goes on. The curve, in particular, has some potential if he can tighten it up some, an adjustment that is quite common for pitchers at this developmental stage. All he needs is one of his secondary pitches to come around to profile as a good relief pitcher, and if the whole set can come up to average, he’ll be a good #4 starter. There’s some risk involved here because of the inadequacy of his current offspeed arsenal, but Senzatela’s easy velocity can’t be taught, and he has time to figure everything else out.
The ways in which they have been able to make it this far are varied. Each have relied on a particular style of play that has defined their season and ability to get this far.
A couple months later, Pate gave another $2,500 to Rubio, according to the Center for Responsible Politics. Later in the year, after Rubio launched his presidential campaign, the Rubio campaign returned $5,000 of the $7,700 total that Pate had donated to him. That is standard operating procedure because the Federal Election Commission (FEC) only allows donors to make a total of $2,700 to an individual presidential candidate.
That organization wrote messages like “America is great. Trump is disgusting” and “Anybody but Trump” and “Iowans dump Trump” in the sky at the Rose Bowl with at least five skywriting planes on Friday. Skywriting is a fairly expensive endeavor, and doing so with five planes makes it even more expensive.
It wasn’t Pate’s first difficulty with the councilmen and he was frustrated. “He [Pate] fought us tooth-and-nail to get that money,” Plott said. “But I didn’t think public dollars should be spent on a private business. He began a public crusade to try to destroy me.” Pate apparently conceived a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott. Amidst the many charges of corruption on www.theplottthickens.com, a dormant discussion board asks for feedback on the councilman and a line on the site declares, “I am Stan Pate and I approve this message,” then gives a Northport post office box address. Pate admits to having founded the site and claims good reason for such. “I filed an ethics complaint that is a matter of public record against Mr. Plott,” Pate said, “and I made it very clear in multiple ads and in the newspaper and in Tuscaloosa and on various publications that I feel like Mr. Plott’s dealings while he was on the city council were unethical and corrupt.”
I was at the Belfast count on Thursday night/Friday morning and was asked by a succession of journalists about whether in the circumstances of a hung parliament Sinn Féin would not drop its policy and help Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party or, at least, make it more difficult for Theresa May to form a government with the help of the DUP.
And that is something that should give British people pause for thought: if you are livid at the prospects of a party from here, going over there to interfere and make your laws, how do you think we feel after all these centuries?
One, perhaps unforeseen consequence of the DUP’s willingness to go into coalition with a British government is that the DUP is effectively relinquishing any objection it might make in the future to Sinn Féin doing exactly the same in Dublin.
For the DUP I hope that the demonization they are facing (and which must appear as unjust and unfair to them) is a chastening experience and one which will make them or their supporters reflect on the antediluvian nature of their policies which encroach on the freedom of others.
I also hope it makes them realise that in actual fact they belong here more than over there.
Update 2: make sure you read the open letter the Webmail team at AOL writes to Google. It’s supposed to be funny, I guess, but it’s really not and quite unprofessional to boot.
The first time you send a text message, it will appear on the person’s phone as coming from a number in the 406 area code. Google has made several thousands of these numbers available for Gmail users, and once a number is associated with your account, all of the text messages you send through Gmail will come from that number. The 406 number works both ways, so your friend can reply to you via text message. Also, your friend can save that number in their phone as belonging to you, and they can even use it to initiate new chats with you.
About three or four days into training camp is when the soreness starts to peak, and it sticks around for about a week and a half until your body starts to desensitize itself to misery. During my six seasons with the Denver Broncos, there were days when getting out of bed was so difficult I was sure there was no way I could practice. Of course I was wrong. I found a way to get it done. Football players learn how to push down the pain and make a play. But it hurts later. It hurts a lot.
The longer you’re around, the more the cackle becomes background noise, which you learn to accept as an industry standard. But it’s unproductive, because the aim begins to be, “Don’t make a mistake, don’t get yelled at.” That’s an awful way to play football, especially when the dudes doing the yelling are or were inferior athletes to you.
The verbal haranguing isn’t exclusive to the field. In meetings every day and night, it continues. The decibel level decreases, but it’s no less biting. Every play of every practice is watched on film by the whole team that same day. Morning practice is watched in the afternoon before the afternoon practice, and the afternoon practice is watched at night before going home. Practices are watched on huge screens with high quality projectors. When a player makes a mistake, it is pointed out and discussed.
Nothing slips through the cracks. Depending on the severity of the mistake, and the frequency of mistakes being made by the player, the reaction from the coaches will vary, but the feeling for the player is always horrible. Being called out in meetings and having everyone in the room watching you fail in slow motion — often with a laser pointer on your two-dimensional body — is demoralizing, and only intensifies the pain. This scrutiny is well intentioned, but often falls flat from overkill, the message trampled by the messenger.
Teams will go through their training-camp schedule for about eight days before a day off. Eight straight days is bad enough, but the length of each day makes it feel much longer. Each day feels like three days. Players arrive at the facility at roughly 7:30 a.m. The first practice is at 8:30 and lasts until around 11. After that comes lunch and a bit of down time, when players relax however they can: napping, video games, reading, crying. A special-teams meeting at around 1:30 p.m. is followed by offense/defense meetings, then back on the field around 4 for a slightly shorter practice than in the morning. After practice is dinner, then meetings from 7 p.m. until 10 p.m.
The meetings drag on more than one would imagine. N.F.L. players spend typically twice as much time in meeting rooms as they do on the field. The attention to detail and robotic application of minute coaching points become an obsession, so there’s always something to fix. This drains the brain. It’s not uncommon to see a rookie make mistake after mistake as he mopes around the field on one day or another, simply because his brain is filled to the brim with detailed coaching points. The players who end up making the team and having a sustained career in the N.F.L. are the ones who can process these details and apply them quickly. It’s one thing to understand what you’re supposed to do, but to actually do it, at 100 miles an hour against the best in the world, is another thing entirely.
Adding to the general feelings of blah and barf are cuts that must be made as August progresses. Realistically, of the 80 guys on each roster, 15 are already cut. Coaches have a pretty good idea of what the final roster will look like. There’s a little bit of wiggle room in the middle of the depth chart. At every position, there are usually two guys competing for one spot. This is usually where I found myself, fighting for my professional life on a daily basis, battling with another good football player who was often my friend. I learned how to win that daily battle, but it never came easy, and someone was always left in its wake.
But this is in the middle of the depth chart, meaning that if a team is carrying 10 receivers in camp, receivers Nos. 5 and 6 are battling for a job. Nos. 7 through 10 are camp bodies, there to bolster the numbers, to take punishment, to give veterans an occasional rest, to serve as verbal punching bags for position coaches trying to make a point. This happens at every position, even quarterback. Players see this happening to them, and there is nothing they can do about it. At the bottom of the depth chart, guys get very few quality “reps” — repetitions, turns to play in practice. Coaches often encourage these players, saying things like, “Don’t count your reps, make your reps count!” But reality sets in. For many, this will be the last football they will ever play.
Yes, there is much to worry about this month for players on N.F.L. teams. For every superstar, there are 10 blue-collar players who fear their job security is in danger. This fear makes them anxious and paranoid. If you know someone in the N.F.L., leave him alone this month. If he survives, he will be better for the experience. Just wait until September to ask him about it.
“We make extremely good money, work reasonable hours, get to be active and build actual communities within the Twin Cities,” he said. “I want young people to realize that it is not a step down to go into construction.”
Protesters continued to delay the destruction of the tree. Solicitors for the campaign had even argued in court that receipt of a letter addressed to the tree itself gave it the status of a legal dwelling, causing a further delay. In the early morning of 7 December 1993, several hundred police arrived to evict the protesters,[a] which took ten hours to carry out.[b] Protesters made numerous complaints against the police;[36] police, in turn, denied these allegations, attributing any misbehaviour to the protesters.[c] Media attention started to increase regarding the protest, with several daily newspapers putting pictures of the tree on their front pages.
By 1994, properties scheduled for demolition had been compulsory purchased, and most were made uninhabitable by removing kitchens, bathrooms and staircases. The notable exception was in one small street, Claremont Road, which ran immediately next to the Central line and consequently required every property on it to be demolished. The street was almost completely occupied by protesters except for one original resident who had not taken up the Department for Transport's offer to move, 92-year-old Dolly Watson, who was born in number 32 and had lived there nearly all her life. She became friends with the anti-road protesters, saying "they're not dirty hippy squatters, they're the grandchildren I never had." The protesters named a watchtower, built from scaffold poles, after her.
His appeal comes after a narrowing in opinion polls that has for the first time made a vote for independence look a possibility, with both sides trying to persuade the up to 15 percent of voters who remain undecided.
Jeff Weaver, Bernie Sanders’ former presidential campaign manager, said that while Ossoff ran a good campaign, Democrats should not have made that race their only cause. Instead, Weaver argued, the party should have offered more help to its candidates in the Montana and Kansas special elections earlier this year.
“In the Montana race, the one I’m most familiar with, with a fraction of the investment that was made in Georgia 6 we likely could have sworn in a Democratic congressperson,” Weaver told NBC News.
"I don’t make this statement lightly — I’ve never said it before," Luján said. "This is about much more than one race: the national environment, unprecedented grassroots energy and impressive Democratic candidates stepping up to run deep into the battlefield leave no doubt that Democrats can take back the House next fall."
“In the closing weeks of the race, Ossoff and the [Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee] missed an opportunity to make Republicans’ attack on health care the key issue, and instead attempted to portray Ossoff as a centrist, focusing on cutting spending and coming out in opposition to Medicare for All,” she said.
“I’m a red state Democrat in the South," she told NBC News. "We understand that we have to make incremental progress, that we don’t win in one fell swoop."
"I don't care if he was black, green, red, but it makes you pause to think that this would have happened to a 16-year-old white female," Cammack said.
“It’s a mock-up but it shows circuits that sense temperature, feel objects and control the arm’s movement,” says Hague. “3D printing gives us the freedom to make complex, optimised shapes, and our research aim is focused on printing-in electrical, optical or even biological functions.”
The company has not yet started to sell tickets for those flights. "We don't know yet what exactly we're going to charge," he said, but suggested Blue Origin would charge a price similar to Virgin Galactic, which is offering seats on its SpaceShipTwo suborbital vehicle for between $250,000 and $300,000 a person. "We're going to be in the same range, to start with, and then keep working over time to make it cheaper."
Usually, two air ambulances serve the area. Two more will be added during the eclipse period, Absalon said. The Oregon Army National Guard also will make a Black Hawk helicopter available to transport patients.
"There will be some instances where people may need to make alternate living arrangements," Absalon said. "We won't be delivering babies outside the standard time for delivery."
“Therefore, you cut your cloth, you account for how somebody’s training, you calculate what they bring to the game, and then you make decisions.
“That’s where I’d challenge anyone to do as much work looking at how people are preparing themselves, and then make decisions. The caveat of all that is – I’m not claiming that we’ve got it right, we’ve just worked hard to try to make the best decisions.”
The notice incorrectly implies that Facebook has recently changed the copyright provisions of its user agreement. It then unnecessarily asserts a user’s copyright over his Facebook posts (you retain such copyright without posting a notice) and cites the “Berner Convention,” an irrelevant international treaty properly spelled “Berne Convention.” The notice then instructs Facebook to get written permission to make commercial use of the user’s content, which is pointless as Facebook users agree to let the social network make money off their posts when they sign up for the service. (The full text of the bogus copyright notice is below.)
The child's mother claimed the incident happened at Letterkenny General Hospital at the weekend. She has made a statement claiming her child was slapped on the bottom.
In a statement to the Irish Independent, a hospital spokeswoman confirmed the parent had made a formal complaint.
Assuming Fabinho gets his wish, he will take over the deep-lying midfield role Motta has made vital to the team's now trademark possession-based 4-3-3 formation, enabling Marco Verratti and Adrien Rabiot to occupy the more advanced berths with Blaise Matuidi likely to be moved on this summer.
That’s pretty disgusting. But it makes sense from a utilitarian perspective, if not a moral one – many Trump supporters are happy to praise one of the planet’s worst human beings so long as he helps their agenda, and top members of the Trump administration think of Russia as part of the anti-jihadist team, and have some admiration for Putin’s nationalist ambitions (see Bannon, Steve).
As people started to make their way home after the evening’s commemorative activities, Israeli soldiers detained Amro together with three other Palestinians, including a 10-year-old girl.
Several military units were called to the scene but none made any attempt to restrain Cohen. Yet in recent months soldiers have shot dead numerous Palestinians who Israel said used their cars as weapons against Israelis.
The advantage of a hazelnut rod ... is the possibility to attach test-nodes (Testnosoden) at the tip. This allows to search more aimed at different oscillation patterns. … on my left pinky finger, there is a polarization ring made from ferrite material; this serves the determination of polarization, which means, whether the water vein spins right or left handed.
Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:
Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening. Dear Players,In this last year, we have rolled out four patches. Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again. One of the areas that we will be working on is something you've all been asking for: Communication!Yes, that's right. We still think actions speak louder than words, but now we're going to give you more words as well. We're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts, plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites:It's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team:In, France, we will be attending the. We won't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart (vl), as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies. You can find more information about this event on the French forums In, Germany, on, one of Ryzom's biggest fans, Acridiel, will be organising an IRL. Leanon's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him. You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday, 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom. So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration, we will be running small fun events during the (European) evening.
Wittmer, a BMW of North America factory driver, is a former IMSA GT Le Mans class champion, and will bring a wealth of experience to the upstart team, which made its debut at Circuit of The Americas last month.
“The failure to fairly, fully and rigorously evaluate the overall impact of net metering delegitimizes the proposed rule and this proceeding,” ReVision said. “The commission has made critical findings of fact and proposes to fundamentally change the existing, legislatively approved rule based on these findings – yet there is no sworn testimony in the record.”
CMP has hired an expert witness to testify about the value of solar. Ashley Brown is a former Ohio PUC commissioner and executive director of the Harvard Electricity Policy Group, which studies power issues. He is expected to make a case for why net metering should be discarded and replaced with market-based pricing.
LePage, through his Governor’s Energy Office, will make a similar plea. The office has filed comments that say the PUC’s proposed rule should be scrapped. A system should instead be adopted that uses CMP’s smart meters to compensate small generators for the value of their power in real time, because costs vary hour by hour.
“We are confident that Maine’s Legislature can do the right thing for solar,” ReVision says, “and we will work to make the facts clear despite ongoing campaigns of misinformation and bullying on the side of anti-solar advocates.”
Howe said he’s not surprised that so many people have traded in their skepticism for optimism. He realizes that some people believe it is their patriotic duty to show their support for the president and that others are just so tired of the chaos of the campaign that they are desperate to make things seem normal again.
“It’s a lot of pretending like this is an innocent-until-proven-guilty type of situation,” Howe said. “The problem is, the campaign was the trial. I’ve seen the evidence, and I’ve made a decision based on that.”
Yesterday, Twitter took the lid off its recent acquisition Vine. It’s a social app that allows you to make six-second, looped, GIF-like videos. It has an interface very reminiscent of Instagram, primarily because for the time being it’s mobile-only (although its deal with Twitter means its content is embeddable in Twitter cards, so Vines are showing up there plenty).
One silver lining is that the technological democratization of social media has effectively deconstructed the one-sided power of the Big Bad Media in general and influential writing in particular, which in theory makes this era freer and more decentralized than ever. One downside to technological democratization is that it hasn’t lead to a thriving marketplace of ideas, but a greater retreat into the Platonic cave of self-identification with the shadow world. We have never needed a safer and quieter place to collect our thoughts from the collective din of couch quarterbacking than we do now, which is why it’s so easy to preemptively categorize the articles we read before we actually read them to save ourselves the heartache and the controversy.
Someday, the Centers for Disease Control will create a whole new branch of research dedicated to studying the infectious disease of cultural memes. Our continuous consumption of text is intricately linked to our continuous forgetting, our continuous reinfection, and our continuous thumbs up/thumbs down approach to reality, which is why we keep reading late into the night, looking for the next place to leave a comment someone has already made somewhere. Whether we like it or not, we’re all victims and perpetrators of this commentary fractal. There seems to be no way out except deeper inside the sinkhole or to go cold turkey from the sound of our own voices.
Saenchai has been my idol since I started Muay Thai, so it’s my absolute privilege to share his favourite techniques with you. Whilst they are mechanically quite simple, the timing and precision he performs them with is what makes them so effective:
Key points – Make sure you pop up hard onto the toes of your standing leg to help achieve a good snap in the kick and to help it reach the head. Saenchai makes it look so easy mainly because he has such loose hip flexors, better get stretching if you want to throw it as smoothly as he does.
Key point – Throw the front knee as high as you can before executing the kick to make yourself look as G as possible.
#3. Elbows Notice how small his movements are when he throws his elbow strikes. When timed properly, elbows do enough damage without the need to dedicate your entire body weight and mortgage behind the shot. You unnecessarily risk losing balance if you over commit. Rear Cross Elbow Watch how he steps out at a 45 degree angle with his lead foot. This allows the elbow to travel in a wider arc and build more momentum which will create a more powerful blow. Most people make the mistake of stepping straight forward when throwing the elbow which limits the strike’s power. Key point – Step out at 45 degrees. Countering Knee With Up-Elbow Watch how he waits for Pakorn to commit to the knee before stepping in with his own elbow counter. This strike is best thrown as a counter against your opponent’s movement. Key point – He doesn’t just blindly throw the strike hoping it will hit. Countering Hook With Up-Elbow Key point – Reach out and meet the punch to prevent your opponent locking on a collar tie. #4. The Clinch Fuck clinching with Saenchai. Ever. Duck under A powerful position to obtain. This essentially turns your opponent into your bitch. Notice how Saenchai blocks Pakorn’s elbow after clearing the arm to avoid being struck by it? Ensure you also pull your opponent at a downward 45 degree angle to break their balance. Key point – block the elbow and take a big step with your rear knee to load up the strike. Cross face As your opponent reaches to collar tie you, duck under their arm and push their face in the opposite direction to lock out their arm and completely fuck with their body’s mechanics. It’s essential to pull this move off quickly to avoid being countered as you do it. Key point – do it fast. Body head knee combo This isn’t related to clinch, but it’s a wicked combination I wanted to share. Key point – Exaggerate the duck down as you throw the overhand to sell it like a body shot, this will help lower your opponent’s guard and increase your chances of putting him to bed. (Thank you to Yokkao for putting this seminar together and allowing me to film. To all the Pakorn fans wondering why I left him out, it’s because he didn’t do any teaching. He’s still a legend in his own right, he just didn’t have any relevance to this article!) Bonus Saenchai Technique Breakdown Video
“With many vulnerable people suffering from feelings of social isolation, a free phone call removes financial barriers and gives everyone – regardless of their personal circumstance – the chance to make a positive emotional connection,” said Major Brendan Nottle, The Salvation Army.
Last year, 170,000 calls were made from our payphone network across the same period, with our data revealing NSW residents and visitors to be the biggest payphone users overall.
Over the three days, nearly 31,000 unique connections were made via our free Telstra Air Wi-Fi access, at sites across the country. Swanston Street and Bourke Street sites in Melbourne’s CBD received the greatest number of users. Collective data usage across all Telstra Air Wi-Fi hotspots also reached 5.6 TB over the course of the campaign, with sites in Southport, Currumbin and Surfers Paradise in Queensland the top locations.
“As comedians, it wouldn’t be a good thing if we went to pursue a hit in the States because they could potentially make something that became big, so we thought it would be more fun from a comedian perspective to come home to the talk show and say, ‘Listen we had the chance, we could’ve made it big, but the only idea we got for the song was this old idea about what the fox says so we’re sorry. We screwed up.’ That was the plan,” Bård said. “That would’ve been funny to say on the talk show.”
So let’s back up: When the brothers were brainstorming ideas for possible promos, what made them think about the sounds a fox makes? “It all comes out of a genuine wonder about what kind of sounds it makes,” Vegard said. “For all other known or normal animal species, you have this defined word that they say that is their sound like woof or meow or squeak. The first verse is telling this to the world in a very pretentious way: ‘The mouse goes squeak and the cow goes moo.'”
“First we had an idea about why every weekend there’s three billion guys in the entire world that dread the fact that they have to go to a club and they have to dance and no one can actually dance. There’s not one move. There used to be like cha cha cha and now it’s just chaos. That was their original idea and that felt [like it was] searching for a hit,” Bård said. “But [Stargate was] pitched this idea, so that’s why they gave us the songs. And I called one of the guys. I said, ‘The whole thing changed a bit and now we want to make a song about what sound the fox makes.’ I explained that it will be funny for us if we go over and misuse your talent – that will be funny for our show.” Luckily, Stargate was in.
“We sang continuously. We made small music things in our room. But it was always with a comic context. We always hide behind that. We’re too much of cowards to actually mean something,” Vegard said.
“We’re not chasing the next hit. We’re just making stuff that we think is funny. Some will get like 100,000 views and some obviously got 100 million, but it’s the same recipe,” Bård said. “It’s supposed to be three minutes for a Norwegian talk show and this one traveled. Maybe we’ll make another song with them maybe not. It’s just a month old, this song.”
San Francisco’s style is anything but traditional, and has proven they can get things done. Two World Series championships in a span of three years is pretty good, and both under manager of the year finalist Bruce Bochy, who has been a integral part to this teams recent success. But when you add in the fact that the franchise had not seen a title since 1954, it makes things a little clearer when realizing just what this team is doing.
Warm weather is here and remember to never leave your pets in a parked car, and watch for signs of overexertion. Being well equipped for the heat when you have your pet with you is also important. The H-Duo travel cup made by Dexus makes that a breeze. This bottle is split in half, one side is for you, and one side is for your pet.
A 120-page draft of the script was written by September 2006.[39] In April 2007, the script was completed by Jackson, Walsh and Boyens; Jackson intended to direct. The three producers began seeking a studio partner to finance the film adaptation. Besides the major studios, smaller companies including United Artists were also contacted. New Line Cinema was excluded from negotiations because of Jackson's legal dispute with the studio over royalties from his The Lord of the Rings trilogy.[40] Jackson sought a beginning $65 million budget for The Lovely Bones, also requesting from studios what kind of promotional commitments and suggestions they would make for the film adaptation.[41]
The Lovely Bones was originally scheduled for release on March 13, 2009, but it was delayed to December 11, 2009, as the studio became interested in releasing the film for "awards season," which gave Jackson an opportunity to make some effects shots larger in scope.[49] The film then received a limited theater release on December 11, 2009, in the United States.[50] The film was originally set to have a wider United States theater release on December 25, 2009 (Christmas Day), as part of a campaign to build its momentum into January 2010.[52] In early December it was confirmed that the United States release date had been pushed back by three weeks to January 15, 2010.[53] Paramount and DreamWorks did not give a reason for the change of the release date. The film premiered in New Zealand on December 26, 2009, and was released in the United Kingdom on January 29 and in other countries in January 2010.
When put into wide release on January 15, 2010,[18] it grossed $17,005,133 that weekend, ranking number three at the domestic box office. By the end of its run, The Lovely Bones had made $44,114,232 domestically, and $49,507,108 overseas, for a worldwide total of $93,621,340.
"[Alice] Sebold's book would've had a tough leap to the multiplex no matter who guided it. But [Peter] Jackson is too enamored with the idea of mixing heaven and the heebie-jeebies, so he's made the skeevy equivalent of a Mitch Albom book with some pulp fiction pressed between its covers." Joe Neumaier, New York Daily News[68]
Stephanie Zacharek, of Salon.com, viewed the film as being "an expensive-looking mess that fails to capture the mood, and the poetry, of its source material" because "good actors fighting a poorly conceived script, under the guidance of a director who can no longer make the distinction between imaginativeness and computer-generated effects."[69] Todd McCarthy, of Variety, felt that Jackson had undermined the "solid work from a good cast" with "show-offy celestial evocations" that "severely disrupt the emotional connections with the characters."[70] McCarthy stated that he felt that the film, overall, was a "significant artistic disappointment."[70] Joe Neumaier, of New York Daily News, described Jackson as having "siphoned out all the soulfulness" that made the author's "combination thriller/afterlife fantasy a best-seller" and that the film was "a gumball-colored potboiler that's more squalid than truly mournful."[68] Neumaier also wrote that the film and Jackson "wasted" a "good cast."[68] Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film 1.5 stars out of 4, calling it "deplorable", and criticizing the apparent message that Susie's murder eventually made her happier. He was also critical of the film's portrayal of Heaven, which he compared to "a happy gathering of new Facebook friends". However, he praised the acting, stating that "this whole film is Jackson's fault".[71]
Obama did campaign on a pledge that he would limit the role of lobbyists in his White House. And as I noted, there are fourteen — or thirteen people, actually, who have had lobbying in their background who are now White House staff, and there’s probably more at this point. But there’s hundreds of positions already that he has named. So he is — he can say that he’s limited so far the role of lobbyists. But it’s important to pay attention to how many of these folks have had lobbying in their background and keep track of it to make sure he keeps with his pledge, you know, not to have lobbyists dominating his White House, as opposed to what we saw with the previous administration.
ROBERT GIBBS: Those very same people that labeled that policy the strongest of any administration in history also said they thought it made sense for a limited number of waivers to ensure that people can continue to serve the public.
This result made no sense to me, so I flipped to the section of the report that defines “incapacitation” (page viii of the executive summary), a concept that is so poorly explained on the average campus that it’s practically meaningless:
“That’s a fairly standard phrase that’s used on a number of other surveys” and it was taken from the White House’s task force on sexual violence, Westat Vice President David Cantor said. “We actually modified that statement a bit to make it more strict,” and “it’s not just talking about being drunk.”
No one seemed to appreciate the irony that the AAU and Westat were bragging about designing a survey that avoided the pitfalls of all its predecessors, and yet it made the same giant honking mistake as every survey before it: treating incapacitation as something self-evident.
One becomes under the influence of alcohol as soon as one has anything to drink. Impairment begins as soon as alcohol enters the bloodstream, and increases with consumption. Intoxication and inebriation are synonyms, as is drunkenness, and corresponds to a .08 blood alcohol concentration. Incapacitation is a state beyond drunkenness or intoxication. What is confusing about incapacity is that it has nothing to do with an amount of alcohol or a specific blood alcohol concentration. In fact, some drunk people will be incapacitated, and some will not. Incapacity can be defined with respect to how the alcohol consumed impacts on someone’s decision-making capacity, awareness of consequences, and ability to make fully-informed judgments.
Thus, Eador. Masters of the Broken World is all about achieving ultimate power and using it to do good or evil, depending on the player’s choice. In this sense, it’s pretty similar to the idea behind Sid Meier’s Civilization, except that in our game there are concepts of evil and good and you have to make a choice all the time.
The combat model based off the E3 demo reminded me a lot of Heroes of Might and Magic and King’s Bounty. What makes Eador’s combat mechanic special? When readers see the screenshots they think, “Oh a HoMM clone.” Can you explain some of the differences between the two?
Yeah, it’s true – the tactical screen is the most ‘classic’ of them all. Well, the difference lies in the details. Our battleground isn’t just a field with a grid – it represents the real location with different types of terrain and obstacles. It matters a lot, because terrain affects the performance of your troops providing various bonuses and penalties. Unlike HoMM, our units don’t stack, so you couldn’t “cheat” by amassing a huge army of dragons on a single hex and eradicating all resistance. Finally, each unit has dynamically changing attributes like morale and stamina, which makes this combat system closer to the tabletop games with miniatures than to HoMM or King’s Bounty.
Sensory integration was defined by occupational therapist Anna Jean Ayres in 1972 as "the neurological process that organizes sensation from one's own body and from the environment and makes it possible to use the body effectively within the environment".[1][2] Sensory processing disorder has been characterized as the source of significant problems in organizing sensation coming from the body and the environment and is manifested by difficulties in the performance in one or more of the main areas of life: productivity, leisure and play[3] or activities of daily living.[4]
Two studies have provided preliminary evidence suggesting that there may be measurable neurological differences between children diagnosed with SPD and control children classified as neurotypical[24] or children diagnosed with autism.[25] Despite this evidence, the fact that SPD researchers have yet to agree on a proven, standardized diagnostic tool undermines researchers' ability to define the boundaries of the disease and makes correlational studies, like the ones about structural brain abnormalities, less convincing.[13]
Depending on the country, diagnosis is made by different professionals, such as occupational therapists, psychologists, learning specialists, physiotherapists and/or speech and language therapists.[39] In some countries it is recommended to have a full psychological and neurological evaluation if symptoms are too severe.
Some of these treatments (for example, sensorimotor handling) have a questionable rationale and no empirical evidence. Other treatments (for example, prism lenses, physical exercise, and auditory integration training) have had studies with small positive outcomes, but few conclusions can be made about them due to methodological problems with the studies.[61] [62] [63] In its overall review of the treatment effectiveness literature, AETNA concluded that "The effectiveness of these therapies is unproven.",[64] while the American Academy of Pediatrics concluded that "parents should be informed that the amount of research regarding the effectiveness of sensory integration therapy is limited and inconclusive."[65] A 2015 review concluded that SIT techniques exist "outside the bounds of established evidence-based practice" and that SIT is "quite possibly a misuse of limited resources."[66]
The American Occupational Therapy Association (AOTA) supports the use of a variety of methods of sensory integration for those with sensory processing disorder. The organization has supported the need for further research to increase insurance coverage for related therapies. They have also made efforts to educate the public about sensory integration therapy. The AOTA's practice guidelines currently support the use of sensory integration therapy and interprofessional education and collaboration in order to optimize treatment for those with sensory processing disorder. The AOTA provides several resources pertaining to sensory integration therapy, some of which includes a fact sheet, new research, and continuing education opportunities.[71]
"I welcome all ideas from the sector, experts and students on how to make university funding sustainable as I continue to consult widely on higher education reform."
I’ve made some pretty bad mistakes in my past, and I’ll “fess up” to them at any point.. not because I’m proud that I messed up at something but because acknowledging your faults, weaknesses and most importantly stupidity in the past has taught me to be a better human being. And you see, being a better human being, by bettering yourself from your own mistakes is a concept that most can’t even dream of.
I used to be a “hacker” but it was more than that, and it was because of a few stupid mistakes I made that I got caught and won’t ever be doing anything stupid, like that again. That’s not because I don’t still think in my head (which is currently the only place of privacy we have) of what I could be doing, or that the women in front of me at the line of the grocery store just entered her pincode as 3782 or that my friend who works for the government just left her emails logged on in her computer. It’s because of the fear that I don’t want to “face the music” as some may say, and anyone who isn’t scared of that then I’ll look up to as a hero, hence my reference to Edward Snowden earlier.
The show wasn’t funny and Joey was no longer loveable-just dumber, more deluded, and much more grating. I wished I hadn’t made the move to LA with him because it made me miss Friends even more.
In an especially cruel trick, BBC America showed the UK version of the Coupling episode immediately after NBC aired its version. The difference in quality between the two was embarrassing and made me suspicious of any future American remakes.
This show made Cop Rock look Emmy-worthy .
Ha! Persons Unknown spun its rusty wheels, looping back and forth and creating giant plot holes in the process, until the finale when we got–nothing. We still didn’t know what the “Program” was and the characters we had hoped would escape were once again stuck. Sure, some of them had made it to level two in the middle of the ocean, but I didn’t spend thirteen hours to find out the whole show was just a video game.
Worse, I had to listen to my husband complain about “that God awful show you made me watch” for a month and he still brings it up if I suggest a new show. “It’s not going to be like that terrible Persons Unknown, is it?” Sigh.
In an attempt to help with this problem we have recently launched an application which provides a surprisingly simple way out of this self-confirmation bubble for anyone who cares to look. It is called rbutr, and it simply allows people to connect one webpage which makes a claim, to another webpage which rebuts that claim. In doing so, any future visitors to the original claim webpage are then able to see that that page has been rebutted, and can easily click through to read the rebuttal.
We do hope to have a significant impact on the way information is accessed online. Since launching our beta just over a month ago, rbutr has had press coverage in The Australian, a great review by Tim Farley of SkepTools, and made it in to the final 52 of the 1078 applications for the Knight Media News Challenge - we're waiting to see if we've made it in to the top 15, and then one of the winners who will receive a large grant to fund ongoing development costs of our application.
She will make clear, according to a campaign official, that she doesn't believe wage stagnation and growing inequality are simply facts that we have to live with, caused by trends outside our control. Rather, she will say that the U.S. has the power to change these patterns if we make the right policy choices.
According to a campaign official, Clinton will make clear she believes that raising incomes for average Americans is the top priority. To understand why that's become a big issue for politicians of all stripes, one doesn't need to look farther than this chart of real median income over the past 40 years. Wages have been going through a prolonged period of stagnation and decline.
The two biggest reasons usually cited for wage stagnation and growing inequality are technology, which makes lower-skill work (like working on a factory floor or clerical duties) less valuable, and globalization, which can boost corporate bottom lines but provide less opportunity for many American workers. No doubt, these are powerful factors.
(4) And Clinton is looking to make sure more women are in the workforce
(7) She also wants to make corporations, particularly on Wall Street, more focused on long-term returns
Subtle changes are made all the time in college football, but it's the wholesale changes that really help separate the men from the boys. Sometimes you have to revolutionize your approach in order to improve your product.
For starters, yes, it makes no sense to have Missouri in the East. Secondly, this is a great way to make sure that traditional rivalries are preserved and respected.
On the outside, this looks simple. With the sport evolving more and more, you might as well make sure you can get the best product on the field more and more. This is a step in that direction, and it serves the league, its teams and its fans well.
Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ont., has reopened after being on lockdown for nearly six hours due to an “online threat made against the university,” officials said.
His young age and advanced intellect made finding a school for Carson challenging, she said. He was rejected several times before enrolling at Accommodated Learning Academy in Grapevine, Texas.
He said he taught himself to play the piano using online videos, books and any resources he could find. Now, he has a teacher to help him develop his musical skills. The teacher made a deal with Carson, saying that she would teach him to play the piano if he would teach her son Mandarin Chinese. He is learning “Für Elise” by Beethoven.
I got it from the FFL dealer 12/23/14 and when I got it home, measured the chamber with a Hornady C.O.A.L gauge. I reloaded 50 cartridges with IMR 7828 SSC, 80 gr. and seated the bullets so the length was 3.779" I mounted a Vortex Viper PST 6-24X50 with the MRAD reticle and 2 days later took it to the range. I started with 100 yards, and my 5th, 6th, and 7th shots were in a 1" bullseye, 2 going through the same hole. I switched to a 3" target at 100 yards and had a 3 shot group .5" just high and to the left, made the adjustments to center in the small bullseye and noticed the scope rings had loosened even using locktite, so I stopped. I've ordered Vortex's Precision Matched 30mm rings and am waiting to receive them. Once I remount the scope using the new rings, I'm going to zero it for 200 yards and post another review, but initially I'm VERY pleased! Oh, this is my 4th Savage rifle. I have a model 114 in 7mm magnum and can hit golf balls all day long at 100 yards. Dropped a large doe at 70 yards and she never even kicked because I shot the top of her heart off.
It’s understandable to be curious about the sexual lives of our peers. It makes sense to want to know what the averages are. (According to the experts at the Kinsey Institute, the average number of lifetime sexual partners for men aged 30 to 44 is around seven, while for women in that same age group, it’s four—both lower than you might think).
Green and Curry made their comments Tuesday when they were asked about people discussing whether the Warriors "deserve" their title, possibly in reference to Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers saying to Zach Lowe of Grantland, "You need luck in the West. Look at Golden State. They didn't have to play us or the Spurs."
Scatec Solar is an integrated independent power producer, aiming to make solar a sustainable and affordable source of energy worldwide. Scatec Solar develops, builds, owns and operates solar power plants, and will in 2014 deliver power from 220 MW in the Czech Republic, South Africa and Rwanda. The company is in strong growth and has a solid pipeline of projects under development in Africa, US, Asia, Middle East and Europe. Scatec Solar is headquartered in Oslo, Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SSO’.
Along the front, things had been tough. The constant bombing of the forests had caused out-of-control forest fires, and now, water bombers were being flown in to help control the fires. Up to now, at least 350 Grimm had been killed at the cost of 16 deaths. The death of Oobleck had made national news and had generally reduced the morale of the hunters and the troops.
As the platoon made their way through the impromptu preparation room, Ruby, joined by Delwyn IV, said to him, "I wonder what they put in his coffin."
The Amphitheatre was crowded with students, ex-students, family, and friends of Oobleck, as well as journalists from various news agencies, since Oobleck's death had made worldwide news.
Over time, a lot of progress has been made on that front.
And researchers have made another disturbing discovery: That much of the action taken over the past several years to address the algae problems is not having the desired impact.
“It just makes sense, right. It can’t go anywhere,” Taylor said.
Of course, the federal government is not going to spend that much more because it would make the goal of balancing the budget more difficult, based on the way deficits are calculated, making no allowance for capital outlays. Indeed, it will be difficult to prevent cuts in investment outlays that will reduce such spending below current projections.
Of course, families could draw down savings to buy homes and cars. But that’s an option not available to the government because it has no savings, only a large debt. Treating it and private individuals the same way, as balanced-budget supporters propose, would require the entire national debt to be paid off and a surplus accumulated before it would be permitted to make new investments in roads, bridges, buildings and other long-lived assets.
The Bulls have a rough schedule. The Central division is the strongest its been in years. The Bulls could be considered co-favorites with the Conference Finalist Pacers. The Cavs look like they will be formidable foes, with another year of Kyrie development plus whatever they squeeze out of Bynum and his degenerating knees. The Pistons made several big splashes this offseason and will look to break into the top eight in the East. And Milwaukee has warm bodies that can run up and down a court.
The first ATA pilots were introduced to military aircraft at the RAF’s Central Flying School (CFS), but the ATA soon developed its own training programme. Pilots progressed from light single-engined aircraft to more powerful and complicated aircraft in stages. They first qualified on one “class” of aircraft, then gained experience on that class by doing ferrying work with any and all aircraft in that class, before returning to training to qualify on the next class of aircraft. As a result, pilots made progress on the basis of their own capabilities rather than according to a rigid timetable. This ensured not only that as many pilots as possible advanced, but that those who could not were still gainfully employed flying the aircraft types on which they had qualified.
Once cleared to fly one class of aircraft, pilots could be asked to ferry any plane in that class even if they had never seen that type of aircraft before. To do so they had Ferry Pilot Notes, a two-ring book of small cards with the critical statistics and notations necessary to ferry each aircraft. A pilot cleared on more than one class could be asked to fly an aircraft in any of the categories on which he or she was qualified. Thus, even a pilot cleared to fly four-engined bombers could be assigned to fly a single-engined trainer if scheduling made this the most efficient way to get the aircraft to its destination.
Blood flow restriction work makes you stronger than heavy training alone and is easy to recover from. Read up on the science of BFR and how to implement it.
The first is a glorious study, because the muscle being trained was the biceps. That also makes it the least relevant for people primarily concerned with getting strong, but I’m sure that if you look deep down into your soul, you’ll be able to admit to yourself that getting jacked arms is a worthy training goal, and that they are a great compliment to a huge squat or deadlift.
It’s also interesting to note that it seems like the stimulus from the BFR training is what drove the larger strength increase. My knee-jerk reaction was that the additional training volume was what made the difference, but the group doing the light squats without BFR, in spite of also having significantly higher training volume than the group only doing high-intensity training, gained the same amount of strength over the course of the study.
When you think through it, though, it makes sense. Plenty of things make muscle grow; tension, volume, metabolite accumulation, muscle damage, etc. With low-load BFR, tension is lower, metabolite accumulation is high, but not any higher than conventional training for 10+ reps, and there’s very, very little muscle damage that takes place. It gives you a solid growth stimulus, but nothing that you can’t also get from just picking up heavy stuff, and when you add it to a program that revolves around picking up heavy stuff, it doesn’t seem to offer any additional hypertrophy benefits.
When you add it to heavy training, it makes you stronger than heavy training alone. It’s not just a matter of getting stronger from adding extra training volume because it beats out low-load training without BFR. It’s incredibly easy to recover from since it causes essentially no muscle damage. (note: you may very well get sore the first couple of times you do it, simply due to novelty; this should go away pretty quickly, though) Because it also causes high muscle activation, it also aids in the neural side of strength development. Its effects are very similar to heavy training, and O’halloran even showed that you can replace a hefty amount of heavy training with low-load BFRs and get the same increases in strength.
Pick up heavy stuff as you generally would. You don’t need to really change your program to add low-load BFR since it’s exceptionally easy to recover from. After your heavy sets, do 3-4 sets of 15-40 reps with 20-30% of your max with BFR, resting about 30 seconds between sets. Whether you leave the wraps on between sets or take them off is up to you, but leaving them on seems to be better for muscle activation, and they’re annoying to take off and put back on between sets anyways. This works really well for squat and bench (or you could do leg press and DB press after your squat and bench work, if you prefer). Whether it helps the deadlift or not hasn’t been examined in the literature, and anecdotally, it doesn’t seem to help out your hammies as much as your quads. Though not required, I’d strongly recommend you also bust out a sweet superset or five for your arms. Who cares if science says it won’t make your arms grow any faster than regular curls and triceps extensions? You get the same hypertrophy effect, but you get it by way of stupidly awesome pumps, which is a benefit in and of itself.
Bonser was locked up in 2012 after stabbing her teenage victim as she made her way to a sleepover on Valentine's Day.
White Park became ground zero of the Occupy New Hampshire movement yesterday, as residents from across the state descended on Concord to decide how to make their voices heard in a fashion similar to the ongoing Wall Street protests.
"So far, the consensus at Occupy Wall Street has been that we're hesitating to make official demands because a movement doesn't have demands necessarily. We want it to be seen more as a movement," as opposed to a protest, he said. Occupy events have now sprung up in cities across the country.
Matt Lawrence, an unemployed 27-year-old from Manchester, said he is hoping the Occupy movement can make "our elected officials actually represent us again," in Washington.
Curtis Russell, a 30-year-old Manchester resident who described himself as an individualist-anarchist, wasn't pleased with the hours spent yesterday trying to structure Occupy New Hampshire. Mimicking the Wall Street protests, where megaphones have been banned, the meeting used an active listening format where speakers paused every couple words as the crowd repeated what they said to make sure all had heard.
Originally released in 1987, Thunder Blade brings players to the helm of a heavily armed attack helicopter as they battle waves of foes in tanks, jets, and battleships across a variety of locations. Much like the other Sega offerings of its time, the story is kept light in favor of offering accessible and fast arcade-style gameplay. You're the good guy, everyone else is bad -- shoot them. Though unlike most other shoot-'em-up titles, Thunder Blade features a unique take on perspective, as the action will transition from an overhead angle to the over-the-shoulder look similar to Space Harrier during key sections of the stage. This dynamic switch of perspective made it a welcome fit for the 3D remaster.
Thunder Blade has made the transition quite well, and the new hardware has done wonders for the gameplay. The frame rate is rock solid, and the controls for the 3DS are super sharp and make controlling the attack chopper feel very accurate. The left stick controls movement and altitude, while both shoulder buttons control speed (increase and decrease). Though the 3DS is a far cry from the control scheme found on the original arcade release -- which featured a flight stick and a special chair that sought to emulate the cockpit of a helicopter -- I can safely say that 3D Thunder Blade is a fine port, and the action still kept me on my toes during the hectic battles.
Much like the other 3D Classic titles, Thunder Blade makes exquisite use out of the new 3D visuals and hardware. One of the most striking elements is its depth of view during altering perspectives, and the new 3D visuals do well to enhance the view and sense of movement during the action. Though the draw distances unfortunately haven't been improved, I was still quite impressed with how the visuals sharpened up. Interestingly enough, the transition to 3D meant having to design the new visuals around the new perspectives independently, and layering them on top of one another.
Though they were keen on keeping the 3D remaster as it was with the original title, they did implement some new features -- both out of necessity and the desire to include new content with the original game. As some areas didn't take to the new 3D visuals too well, such as shadows glitching out and boss battles resulting in odd bugs, they had to be cut in order to preserve the experience. But in order to make up for this, they implemented a stage that's brand new to the original Thunder Blade. Okunari stated that the new level will be consistent with the rest of the game and really offer an exciting finish.
Varlamov went 3-0-0 with a 0.69 goals-against average, .981 save percentage and one shutout to lead the Avalanche (30-25-11, 71 points) to three straight wins. He made 28 saves in a 3-1 victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins March 4. Varlamov then stopped all 44 shots he faced in a 4-0 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets March 7 to record his 18th career shutout and fifth of the season, including three that have featured at least 40 saves (also Oct. 30 vs. NYI: 40 SV and Jan. 6 at CHI: 54 SV). He capped his performance with 29 saves in a 3-2 triumph over the Minnesota Wild March 8, extending his shutout streak to 124:19 – just 5:04 shy of his career high set March 1-6, 2012 (129:23). The 26-year-old Samara, Russia, native has appeared in 46 games this season (including 22 consecutive starts), compiling a 22-17-7 record with a 2.56 goals-against average and .921 save percentage.
Talbot posted a 2-0-1 record with a 0.99 goals-against average, .965 save percentage and one shutout to backstop the Rangers (40-17-7, 87 points) to five out of a possible six standings points. He denied 25 shots in a 4-1 triumph over the Nashville Predators March 2. Talbot then made 29 saves in a 2-1 overtime loss to the Detroit Red Wings March 4. He capped the week by stopping all 29 shots he faced in a 1-0 overtime victory against the Chicago Blackhawks March 8, becoming the first Rangers goaltender to post a shutout in Chicago since Dec. 25, 1966 (Ed Giacomin). The 27-year-old Caledonia, Ont., native has appeared in 26 games this season, going 14-6-4 with a 2.33 goals-against average, .921 save percentage and five shutouts. That includes points in 12 of his last 13 decisions (9-1-3) as well as a 5-1-1 mark in his last seven appearances (1.69 GAA, .943 SV%, 2 SO).
We're a judgmental bunch. I'd make a joke about pirate fans liking to make underwhelming games walk the plank, but then I'd get a bunch of judgmental comments about how walking the plank's unhistorical. We may like Monkey Island but we still want more than just a pirate costume draped on another genre. We see a ship and we get our hopes up, setting ourselves up for disappointment. Take a look at Sunless Sea, which isn't even about piracy though you can dabble in it. It's a game about story, as much a text adventure as a naval adventure, but there's still a cranky subset of its players upset by the fact its trade side is underdeveloped. Give us a ship and a set of ports and we want to start manipulating their economies for our benefit even in a game that's really about earning eerie stories rather than loot.
Why doesn't our ideal pirate game exist? Maybe it’s simply because we're asking too much. First on our list is “open world” but open-world games are expensive and inevitably troubled by bugs, even when the biggest studios are behind them. The licensed Pirates Of The Caribbean game made by Akella and published by Bethesda, as well as its unofficial sequels in the Age Of Pirates series, are perfect examples, where you're as likely to crash to desktop as into a warship. The first thing on our list of demands is almost impossible on its own, let alone once we start fussing over the rest.
Rare’s ambition for its upcoming online pirate game Sea of Thieves actually highlights why it’s so difficult to make a truly satisfying one. “Everyone’s got an idea of what pirates do,” design director Gregg Mayles told us at E3. “Everyone knows they go after treasure. You don’t need to be told how to sail a ship or climb to the crow’s nest and use a telescope.”
“Anything you expect to be able to do in a pirate game, we expect to make that dream come true for players,” added executive producer Joe Neate.
For Chad Smith, it meant a completely new opportunity as the Tigers placed him on waivers to make room on the roster for Chamberlain.
"Really wish he would have made it through but you gotta take somebody off your roster at the time," Dombrowski said.
Smith made his major league debut June 22 of last season at Cleveland.
He made 10 appearances for the Tigers and had a 5.40 ERA, walking three and striking out nine.
The A’s placed Taylor Thompson on the 60-day DL to make room for Smith.
"It’s exciting that another team thought highly of me to pick me up," Smith said. "The timing of it, I know a lot of rosters are full so they obviously had to make a move on their end. It’s exciting. It’s a big league team in Oakland, I’m from California and spring training’s in Arizona. Get to go home."
A multi-agency ORCA-based day-pass is probably the most requested fare product in the Puget Sound region, and for good reason. Today, interagency transfers are free with ORCA but (mostly) not with cash fare. An ORCA-based day-pass, if priced right, holds out the concurrent possibilities of improved comprehensibility for visitors, and good value for residents who plan to make several trips in a day. For people like me, who want buses to not suck, it’s another weapon in the war against time-consuming on-board cash payment, and easily-abused paper transfers.
The day-fare cost is uncompetitive for most local riders, compared to using an existing ORCA card. Off-peak Metro fare is $2.25, peak is up to $3; the highest ST express fare is $3.50. Most other local bus services will be less than Metro. ORCA already provides a two-hour transfer window, and paper transfers are often cut much more generously. You have to ride a lot of transit trips, spaced out through the day, to add up to more than $9. Local riders will already be quite familiar with paying as they normally do, and if it doesn’t make financial sense, they won’t use day-passes, even if they were ubiquitously available. As they will require going out of the way, to a Metro sale partner, I suspect few locals will find them attractive.
Off-peak Metro fare is $2.25, peak is up to $3; the highest ST express fare is $3.50. Most other local bus services will be less than Metro. ORCA already provides a two-hour transfer window, and paper transfers are often cut much more generously. You have to ride a lot of transit trips, spaced out through the day, to add up to more than $9. Local riders will already be quite familiar with paying as they normally do, and if it doesn’t make financial sense, they won’t use day-passes, even if they were ubiquitously available. As they will require going out of the way, to a Metro sale partner, I suspect few locals will find them attractive. The card+fare cost is uncompetitive for weekend or convention visitors. $14 in a day, or $23 in a weekend, is significantly more than anyone is likely to spend on transit in the Seattle area just paying as they go. Visitors are perhaps less price sensitive and more hassle sensitive, but I suspect they’re also less likely to attempt all-day multi-hop trips around the city and region, which would be the only way to get close to $14. In groups, the numbers look even worse: for three people, $20 apiece would get you out and back to most outlying neighborhoods of interest to tourists in a cab, with far less hassle and time than Metro. People who intend to much spend time beyond the city, in the suburbs, are probably going to rent a car, because off-peak transit just isn’t much good outside of Seattle.
If there were a $9, pre-loaded, disposable ORCA day-pass card available, plenty of people, myself included, would keep a stash of them around the house, for use by visitors and or in case I lost my own card. It would be worth the premium, above and beyond the pay-as-you-go price, to be able to give someone a card that worked on any land-based transit in the region, and whose loss did not mean the loss of a $5 permanent card. This would be a genuinely useful service I would pay for, which cannot be emulated today by other means. The $4 fare cap seems arbitrary. The most expensive regular bus service in the region is two-county ST Express at $3.50, while the Water Taxi is $3.50 (West Seattle) or $4.25 (Vashon) and Sounder runs on a scale up to $5.75 (Lakewood). If the purpose is to cover any possible fare in the region, $4 doesn’t work. The only people who would lose out on a reduction of the fare cap from $4 to $3.50 would be a minute number of Sounder South day-pass riders; and if a reduction in the fare cap allowed the pass to drop in price, it would make the pass far more attractive.
There are still fences up all over the Splash Park and Issak Kendal Ker Plaza on Princes Island this weekend. These Fences make it impossible for me to do my job. On the busiest weekend of the year celebrating 150 years of Canadain History one tradition was forgotten and several Magicians, Jugglers, Acrobats and Clowns are unable to work.
Grayson Delong, 51, is charged with 15 offences, including attempted murder. No longer wearing a gray neck-brace, on Nov. 21 Delong appeared in court, wearing an orange jumpsuit. Some pre-trial arrangements were made and he will appear next in court Dec. 5.
"He was out on bail for a bunch of [break and enters] in Peel but this doesn't look like [break and enter] surveillance. It doesn't make any sense," said Barrs.
An additional main element in Great Canyon climate may be the monsoon period, that endures through middle 06 in order to middle Sept, and may usher within damaging thunderstorms. Walkers as well as boaters have to be cautious associated with large container canyons whenever there is ANY KIND OF climate in the region. The thunderstorm in the Northern Edge can make the expensive ton within Phantom Creek sixteen kilometers aside, as well as you will find individuals that have passed away presently there along with other locations along with apparently absolutely no pre-warning. In the event that there is any kind of possibility of rainfall inside 50 kilometers in a path, prevent container canyons.
all of the first four seasons of his career from 1961-64. The problem arises when looking at the era that Robertson played in. Statistics were staggering compared to today’s game. Furthermore, Robertson was not even the best player in the 60s: Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlain each took home four NBA MVPs during the 60s. Sure, the comparison could be made since the Big-O averaged a triple double one season and was less than half a rebound or assist away from averaging one inof the first four seasons of his career from 1961-64. The problem arises when looking at the era that Robertson played in. Statistics were staggering compared to today’s game. Furthermore, Robertson was not even the best player in the 60s: Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlaintook home four NBA MVPs during the 60s.
It’s the path through adversity that defines the champion, not just the grand finale. Similarly, LeBron’s Game 6 performance made the statement that he had championship talent and desire. The argument that this performance was diminished because it wasn’t in the Finals does not hold up for the same reasons that the 2004 ALCS defined the eventual champion Red Sox.It’s the path through adversity that defines the champion, not just the grand finale.
Chasing 23 names all of LeBron’s clutch shot makes (5) and attempts (12) through May 2012 which puts him at a 42 percent success rate. Jordan was names all of LeBron’s clutch shot makes (5) and attempts (12) through May 2012 which puts him at a 42 percent success rate. Jordan was 9 of 18 in his career in such situations, or a 50 percent success rate. Again, let’s give LeBron his full career but the dismissal of LeBron from the playing field of Jordan as GOAT is unwarranted and founded in 1) a desire to protect history or 2) simply a hatred of LeBron James.
The bomb squad arrived from their Liverpool base at 10:46 am and attempted to defuse the bomb using a remote-controlled device, but they ran out of time. The bomb exploded at 11:17 am, causing an estimated £700 million (£1.3 billion as of 2018)[37] of damage and affecting a third of the city centre's retail space. Marks & Spencer, the sky bridge connecting it with the Arndale Centre, and neighbouring buildings were destroyed.[1] It was the largest peacetime bomb ever detonated in Great Britain,[14] and the blast created a mushroom cloud which rose 300 metres (1,000 feet) from the ground.[38] The explosion could be heard up to 15 miles away and left a crater 15 metres wide.[25] Glass and masonry were thrown into the air, and behind the police cordon – up to 1⁄ 2 mi (800 m) away, people were showered by falling debris.[39] There were no fatalities, but 212 people were injured. A search of the area for casualties was confused by mannequins blasted from shop windows, which were sometimes mistaken for bodies. Hospitals across Greater Manchester were made ready to receive those injured in the blast.[1] The police commandeered a Metrolink tram to take 50 of the casualties to North Manchester General Hospital, which treated 79 in total; a further 80 were cared for at the Manchester Royal Infirmary, and many others were treated in the streets by ambulance crews assisted by doctors and nurses who happened to be in the city centre that morning.
In an effort to allay fears that Manchester's considerable Irish community might be subjected to reprisal attacks, Councillors Richard Leese and Martin Pagel – leader and deputy leader of Manchester City Council respectively – made a public visit to the Irish World Heritage Centre in Cheetham Hill. In the event there were only a few incidents, the most serious of which occurred on the evening of the bomb when a gang of ten men rampaged through an Irish-themed bar in the centre of Middleton shouting the Ulster loyalist slogan "No surrender" and smashing furniture and windows. Seven days after the bombing, Manchester Council held a 'family fun day' in front of the Town Hall in Albert Square to encourage shoppers and visitors back into the city centre, the first of a "series of events and entertainments". The Euro '96 football match between Russia and Germany at Old Trafford went ahead as planned the day following the bombing, after the stadium had been heavily guarded overnight and carefully searched; the game, which Germany won 3–0, was watched by a capacity crowd of 50,700.
On checking records of telephone calls made to the dealer, the police found that some had been made from a mobile phone registered in Ireland, and on further checking the records of that phone it appeared that the calls were made from locations consistent with the known whereabouts of the Ford truck. One call was to a known IRA member. The phone was last used at 9:23 am on the morning of the bombing, just three minutes after the bombers had parked their truck in Corporation Street. On 27 June, the phone's registered owner reported that it had been stolen 17 days earlier, but the police felt they had gathered enough evidence to bring a prosecution against the six IRA men held in London.
At a meeting attended by the commander of Special Branch in Manchester, a GMP assistant chief constable and a "senior officer" from the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), it was decided, for reasons never made public, not to present the findings of the investigation to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), the body responsible for undertaking criminal prosecutions in England. The three may have felt that as the IRA suspects were already in police custody they were no longer a threat, or that to pursue the case against them may have jeopardised ongoing undercover operations. It was not until 1998 that the police finally sent their file to the CPS, who decided not to prosecute.
Efforts at improvement before the bombing had in some respects made matters worse, cutting off the area north of the Arndale Centre – the exterior of which was widely unloved – from the rest of the city centre. A large building nearby, now redeveloped as The Printworks and formerly occupied by the Daily Mirror newspaper, had been unoccupied since 1987. Many locals therefore considered that "the bomb was the best thing that ever happened to Manchester",[85] as it cleared the way for redevelopment of the dysfunctional city centre, a view also expressed in 2007 by Terry Rooney, MP for Bradford North. The leader of the Liberal Democrat opposition on Manchester City Council, Simon Ashley, responded that "I take exception to his [Rooney's] comments about the IRA bomb. No one who was in the city on that day, who lost their jobs or was scared witless or injured by the blast, would say the bomb was the best thing to happen to Manchester".[86] Sir Gerald Kaufman, MP for Manchester Gorton, stated that the bomb provided the opportunity for redeveloping Manchester city centre, although it was not fully exploited. "The bomb was obviously bad but from a redevelopment point of view, it was a lost opportunity. While the area around St Ann's Square and Deansgate is not disagreeable, if you compare it with Birmingham and its exciting development, we've got nothing to touch that in Manchester".[86] Howard Bernstein, chief executive of Manchester City Council, has been quoted as saying "people say the bomb turned out to be a great thing for Manchester. That's rubbish." There was already substantial regeneration and redevelopment taking place in the city centre before the bombing, in support of the Manchester bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics, its second Olympic bid. Tom Bloxham, chairman of property development group Urban Splash and of the Arts Council England (North West), agreed with Bernstein that the bomb attack was not the trigger for the large-scale redevelopment that has taken place in Manchester since the early 1990s:
That example and others are drawing attention in other contexts, from countries around the world. In the United States, the blockchain might be a way of validating voter records before and after elections, making entries perusable and insulating them from fraud. It might also be relevant to securities, adding a technological component that would make fraud by corrupt officials much harder.
"This could give sunshine and make it very hard to screw the system," he told me. "The blockchain will not cook us breakfast, but it might tell us who cooked breakfast."
I don’t often make layer cakes, I find them too much to eat and can occasionally be just a little bit too dry for my liking. Hence why I tend to make traybake’s, snack cakes and cupcakes. It’s just a personal preference of mine. But I got it into my head that I wanted a layer cake. Banana cake is almost always a moist cake but it can make a sponge dense and heavy.
To make sure there were no dense heavy sponge issues with this cake I added buttermilk to the batter. Buttermilk is almost a wonder ingredient in cakes. It ensures a light and fluffy tender crumb. Ensuring the banana did not weigh the sponge down.
Because banana can be a strong flavour I wanted to make sure the peanut butter was an equal partner and not a side show. To do this I included a healthy amount into the cake batter, I also smothered the cake in a light and creamy peanut butter cream cheese frosting and to finish if off I added a handful of peanut butter chips.
Or leave them off all together. All in all this a light and fluffy cake that is equally flavoured with banana and peanut butter. It’s simple to make and comes together in one bowl so there aren’t too many dishes to wash up afterwards 😀
Once the cakes are fully cooled down its time to make the frosting.
Things may have slowed down with level of top quality releases in the shoe world, but that doesn’t seem to stop the punters heading to Laces Out, as other than Carlos store out in South America, you’ll be hard pressed to find unworn vintage Adidas anywhere but the Scouse trainer festival which seems to make it a favourite for those travelling.
When it was clear Mr. Levison had no choice but to comply, he devised a way to obey the order but make the government’s intrusion more arduous. On Aug 2, he infuriated agents by printing the encryption keys — long strings of seemingly random numbers — on paper in a font he believed would be hard to scan and turn into a usable digital format. Indeed, prosecutors described the file as “largely illegible.”
Eventually, I’ll stud out the walls, sheet rock them and make it a proper looking shop. Eventually…
Here is a Google virtual tour link of my shop. Fun things to see… 3 Chronic Cellars posters (Dead Nuts, The Unteachables & Purple Paradise) in the tech bench area and the wall clock in the reception area. I had the tech benches custom made by a local cabinet maker. I use raceways to hide the cabling.
The vehicle, known as "Maverick," uses a 100-metre runway to take off and flies under a parasail. But it also needs a 100-metre runway to make a safe landing.
Since the last time Jon checked in on the increasingly sprawling Republican field for President, several more also-rans joined in: cherub Tennesse Williams character Lindsey Graham, frothy SEO disaster Rick Santorum, the forgotten George Pataki, and 19th century orientalist and cartoonishly evil corporate overlord Carly Fiorina. But one, in particular, Donald Trump, really gave the Daily Show host pause. After the Donald's smug, trolly face came on screen, Stewart paused, bit his fist and exclaimed, "No, no I've made up my mind… God, maybe I'll get a twitter account."
It was made from hard paste porcelain and decorated with the alms of the Hohenzollern family, the order of the black eagle, and the Maltese Cross.
The plate was made between 1750 and 1755, and there are pieces of the service in museums across the world.
"And the plate was made for the King of Prussia, so that's possibly how it ended up in our family.”
Susan Dancer, president of the South Texas Association for Responsible Energy, said that as residents in Bay City—herself included—were being forced to leave their homes under mandatory evacuation orders, it makes no sense to keep the nuclear plant online.
Ryan, who was recently gearing up for years’ worth of partisan investigations of President Hillary Clinton, says censuring Trump for coddling Nazis would be too partisan for his taste. What he hopes you’ll overlook is his own power to determine what is partisan and what is not. If a censure resolution passed the House overwhelmingly—reflecting a broad rejection of Trump’s comments after the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia—it wouldn’t be partisan. What makes censuring Trump “partisan” is Ryan’s view that Trump doesn’t deserve it.
First of all, Edler’s cap hit might be reasonable once the salary cap increases in a few years, but with Jarome Iginla’s cap penalty on the books for next season, the B’s are assumed to be docked around $4.5 million, bringing their projected 2014-15 salary cap down from $71M to $66.5M. Even with Savard’s money on LTIR, Edler would put the Bruins against the cap, forcing them to make significant moves (trades or contract buyouts) before signing their own free agents. His $5M cap hit is comparable to Keith Yandle, who would give you much more bang for your buck.
Regardless of the defensive prospects possibly ready to make the jump, the trade for Edler was rumored to cost the Bruins’ a couple highly valued forward prospects. Both Ryan Spooner and Alexander Khokhlachev were in the reported package headed to Vancouver. Koko led the P-Bruins in 2013-14 in points during the AHL regular season, and led the team with 9 goals in 12 games during the Calder Cup Playoffs. Spooner, who had 11 assists in 23 games with Boston, had the highest point-per-game percentage with Providence (.938) during the regular season, and led the team with 15 points in 12 playoff games. Either Khokhlachev or Spooner—or both—could be a welcome addition to the big club, giving a new look and added speed to the Bruins 3rd and 4th lines in 2014-15.
There are two logical reasons for this. First, from what Behind The B showed us last season, Jim Benning was a key voice in the Bruins’ front office in regards to the Tyler Seguin trade. Assuming this wasn’t a one-time occurrence, it seems that Benning was and had been heavily involved in trade negotiations alongside Chiarelli. Odds are he was a facilitator leading up to the deadline, and there’s a good chance that Benning wanted Edler on his team. Now that Jim has him, why give Edler up? Remember, the Canucks may have been sellers last season due to their record, but if they can get their goaltending situation figured out, there’s plenty of firepower in their arsenal to make them a playoff threat in the West next season. Dumping Edler would hurt that cause.
Secondly, a deal with his former team in his first season would require Benning to undoubtedly win the trade. Benning would be shipping out a Top 4 defenseman just one year after the Canucks signed him to a mutli-year contract, and therefore would have to make the return not only fair, but great. Otherwise he runs the risk of being accused of hooking up his old pals in Boston on the cheap. To make matters worse, Benning knows the prospects in the Bruins system, so he won’t be fooled by any throw-ins Peter Chiarelli might try to claim are diamonds in the rough. He’ll likely want the same package proposed in March, if not more.
Joan Goodman: I began to focus on charter schools when the first Mastery Charter School was started in Philadelphia. These were supposed to be experimental schools which would have a variety of new approaches and they’d get rid of bureaucracy and we’d see all kinds of novel approaches to children. But particularly in terms of the charter management organizations they haven’t provided much variety—they’re all strikingly similar to one another. These schools have a very clear philosophy about what they’re trying to do, how they’re trying to do it, what they think is necessary, who they read, who their leaders are. And they’re explicit in describing it. The combination of the uniformity across these different schools and their explicitness about what they’re doing and why they’re doing it makes it easier to get hold of this movement than it is with say, public schools in a city or a school district where there’s so much variety and there isn’t a single philosophy.
Goodman: These schools believe that behaviors that you might not think are directly related to academic learning can have a domino effect if left unaddressed. Getting up from your chair to go to the bathroom without explicit permission, for example, or not having your hands folded on your desk, or not looking at the teacher every minute, or not having your feet firmly planted on each side of the center of the desk are problematic behaviors. Because if you don’t conform to these rules then you are going to precipitate the next domino and the next domino. It’s going to have a cascading effect on your behavior and pretty soon you’re going to be very disruptive. If you get up to sharpen your pencil, maybe you’re going to throw your pencil at someone. Or if you get up and get something out of your backpack that you forgot, maybe you’re going to elbow another student on your way back to your seat, or make eye contact with them and divert them from looking at the teacher. Any one of these little behaviors they see as leading to the next behavior. Before you know it there will be bedlam.
Goodman: Not at all. I’m certainly not a hater. I think the basic idea of order, of developing habits—you walk into class, you put your things away, you sit down, you take out your book, teacher says good morning, shakes hands, you look at her—some of the habits they’re cultivating will be helpful to kids. And certainly the prohibition on violence makes for a safe community. The problem is that the approach is unbalanced. I think a certain amount of routine, habit forming, strictness, limiting certain behavior is good—but I would always be working towards reducing that. Once you’ve established a safe environment, for example, why not loosen up on the behavior regulations? If I were running one of these schools I would feel that *OK—I have to do this* but I would always be working towards turning over more authority to the kids. That would be my goal all of the time. Let the kids be responsible for their behavior. Have more group work, more student councils, more kids in charge of their own lives.
And that’s what really makes the Kangaroo Notebook unique: You can swap out the whole PC for another one. The pitch is around customization, privacy, and security. But frankly, we expect you’ll stick to using just one.
Doing those kind of things in the offseason are important though, you want to make sure that your ligaments are strong, and all the parts of your body recover. Offseason is really important, especially when you have to go through a long season in the NFL.
Once you get to know these fans, once you get around them, I can tell you I never want to play anywhere else. I hope I play here for the rest of my career. I love these fans, I love playing for Mr. Davis. God has been good to me, to allow me to play here, so I’m very thankful to be here. I think the fans are really what make it, the passion they have. No matter what we are doing, no matter how many wins or losses, to come running back on the field and hear the fans cheering for me. To come running out of tunnel and hear them go crazy even though we only have two (eventually three after the home finale) wins on the season. It’s really amazing, and I love them to death.
“That carbon-free cycle is essentially indefinitely sustainable. Sunlight is extraordinarily abundant, water is everywhere — the raw materials we need to make the fuel. And at the end of the usage cycle, it goes back to water,” said co-researcher professor Ron Pace. “It’s the beginning of a whole suite of possibilities, such as creating a highly efficient fuel, or to trapping atmospheric carbon.”
For years, scientists have been putting in an effort to successfully replicate photosynthesis, and this latest breakthrough signifies the overcoming of a major hurdle. If researchers are able to make the process as easy and cheap as they hope, it could mean seismic shifts in the energy business. After all, the major problem that has led to the mass adoption of hydrogen-powered technologies has been the fact that producing hydrogen is not only difficult, but expensive.
Places like Panama — or the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands, or the British Virgin Islands — are particularly attractive for wealthy individuals because this legal framework makes it easy to hide their financial assets from the tax authorities of the countries in which they actually live and work.
Tax havens are also counter to ideals of financial transparency. One chief purpose of shell companies is to maintain the anonymity of the real owner, which has the potential to lead to even shadier things than tax avoidance. Tax havens are often seen as breeding grounds for criminal activity. When countries do not require companies to report financial records, it makes it really easy to mask illegal activities. This is the scene in the movies when the rich guy in a silk robe gets arrested for laundering money through his private Cayman Island resort.
In the end, tax havens make inequality worse, Zucman told Vox's Libby Nelson: They make it easier for the rich to get richer by avoiding taxes. They make it harder to redistribute their wealth. And people who aren't sheltering their assets end up paying more in taxes to make up for the untaxed money that's being held offshore.
"I predicted that the passage of this disastrous trade deal would make it easier, not harder, for the wealthy and large corporations to evade taxes by sheltering billions of dollars offshore. I wish I had been proven wrong about this, but it has now come to light that the extent of Panama’s tax avoidance scams is even worse than I had feared."
But this isn't necessarily the case. In fact, countries can use trade deals to put checks on tax havens. The papers themselves indicate that the agreement made it slightly ​harder​ for Americans to use Panama specifically as a venue, as the Washington Post's editorial board argues:
Data culled from the documents by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, and presented in several charts on the group’s website, show that the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca, which specialized in setting up offshore accounts and shell companies for wealthy people, has been steadily reducing its activity in Panama for about a decade. As it happens, the decline began about the time the Bush administration and Panama began discussing a free-trade pact — and accelerated after the deal took effect during Mr. Obama’s first term. [...] The Obama administration, backed by members of Congress, made it clear the free-trade deal — which Panama badly wanted, to match a deal between its Central American neighbors and the United States — hinged on a separate agreement granting U.S. tax authorities more access to Panama’s financial system. The United States particularly insisted on plugging the "bearer shares" loophole. Panama agreed and changed its laws accordingly — before the free-trade agreement reached the Senate and Mr. Sanders nevertheless voted "no," claiming, wrongly, that it would make the tax haven "worse."
"They are trying to destabilize us from within in order to make us more compliant," Putin said in response to the information revealed in the documents.
These two conspiracy theories have one thing in common: They suggest that the revelations in the Panama Papers were very important to Russia and Putin in particular. Even if neither is true — yes, Gaddy's theory is somewhat outlandish, but he's also one of the most prominent experts on Russia's economy — that's an important point of context to understand why they've made news.
8) Why didn't Americans make the Panama Paper headlines?
We have three options here: One, we can go with Gaddy's theory that they actually did make an appearance in the papers and we just don't know about it yet; two, that Americans have used other tax-avoidance schemes; or three, that Americans are in the clear and don't use tax-avoidance schemes. The third is not the correct answer.
But there is an additional point to be made here. The term "offshore tax haven" or offshore company, uses "offshore" very loosely. America has its own tax havens — a lot of them.
But as the stories continue to unfold some things have started to change. There were the immediate reactions: Iceland's prime minister resigned out of embarrassment, British Prime Minister David Cameron, who released his personal financial assets in an attempt at transparency — a promise he had made earlier on as prime minister and is now under enormous pressure to uphold — will also host an anti-corruption summit in the coming month, which will surely discuss the Panama Papers' findings.
An item made of metal piping with protruding wires placed under the bowl of a public toilet is the latest in a string of suspicious items requiring bomb squad action in Hamilton.
The latest incident on Monday involved an unusual piece of metal piping police say was purposely made to look like an explosive device and placed in the toilet block at the park in Hamilton Lake area.
"We make an assessment of the information that we have and decided to get the Defence Force to neutralise the item."
Faulkner said the item, which was being investigated by Waikato CIB, had been purposely made to look suspicious.
"It was made to look like an IED - Improvised Explosive Device - but initial thoughts from the Defence Force are that it probably is not going to cause any danger to the public as it was."
The response from the Defence Force and police was sometimes inconvenient for residents, but warranted in all cases due to what was happening with the Islamic State and the recent domestic threats made to milk powder, he said.
With just 12-months remaining on his deal, the club could cash in on the midfielder signed in January 2014 from Stromsgodset by Neil Lennon to make way for new players.
This season he has made 37 appearances, scoring four goals and assisting on eight occasions – with his last league goal coming on Flag Day against Ross County.
Both compounds can be made in about 16 chemical steps, the last of which is a metathesis closing of the ring through formation of a double bond between two carbon atoms.
Schrock and Hoveyda have started a company called XiMo to work with clients, particularly companies that synthesize drugs or other chemicals such as polymers, pesticides and fragrances, to develop new catalysts to make their production processes more efficient.
BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) and T-Mobile US (NYSE:TMUS) have kissed and made up. A little more than a year after BlackBerry cut sales ties with T-Mobile amid a dispute over T-Mobile promoting the iPhone over BlackBerry's phones, T-Mobile is now going to start selling the BlackBerry Classic smartphone.
"BlackBerry is proud to partner with T-Mobile once again to offer the world's most secure and reliable mobile products and services that encourage productivity--whether they are individual users making the most of their day with the BlackBerry Classic, or an enterprise seeking to manage thousands of devices," BlackBerry CEO John Chen added. "Together with T-Mobile, we hope to deliver highly differentiated solutions that appeal to our mutual users: the power professionals who depend on their smartphones to get things done and make things happen."
It’s likely that many bitcoin proponents are viewing the project as a joke or another method of “crypto-trolling.” There’s a lot of good reasons people believe its a prank because the project seems extremely unorganized for a hard fork slated for the end of October. Further, there is speculation from community members about the team’s intentions to change the bitcoin algorithm to conform with GPU miners. Jack Liao manufactures GPU miners that can mine the Zcash algorithm Equihash and speculators believe this is the primary reason to clone bitcoin and make it GPU compatible.
Until 1551, what is known as the posthumous coinage was produced — these were coins which were exactly the same as Henry's last issue, but with a different portrait of him. Inflation over the last thirty years had made the penny much less important, and in fact for the next few reigns the most common coins would be shillings, sixpences, and groats. The reign of Edward VI though short (1547–1553) was numismatically important for seeing the introduction of new denominations — the silver crown, half crown, shilling, Sixpence, and Threepence — which were to survive until 1971, and which were a reflection of the increasing wealth of the country. The new coins were struck in good silver, with the aim of revitalising the economy. Edward VI's pennies however, were still struck in debased metal (except for one, possibly unique, coin) at the Tower, Southwark, Bristol and York, with the inscription E.D.G. ROSA SINE SPINA — Edward by the grace of God a rose without a thorn.
Even after two years of recession, there are few empty storefronts. Unemployment has risen, but is still well below the EU average, which has made it easier to delay reforms.
What should we make of a prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, who as opposition leader in the 1990s addressed a rally under a banner reading “Death to Arafat” a year after the Palestinian leader signed a peace accord with Israel?
Take Netanyahu’s appearance on CBS’s Face the Nation on Sunday. The host, Bob Schieffer, permitted the Israeli leader to make a lengthy case for the his military’s ground attack, guiding him along with one sympathetic question after another. Finally, after describing Netanyahu’s position as “very understandable”, Schieffer asked about dead Palestinian civilians – but only to wonder if they presented a public relations problem in “the battle for world opinion”.
But that does not fit with the views of leading politicians back in Israel. Naftali Bennett, the economy minister and leader of the most powerful political party on the right, has said: “I will do everything in my power to make sure [the Palestinians] never get a state.”
A note about listicles: So we know a lot of people hate listicles and associate them with cheap, low-quality, traffic-driving, link-bait articles. But here’s the thing—a list is a great format for an article, and a format I was using on my old blog almost 10 years ago. In fact, my first listicle, 19 Things I Don’t Understand, was published in August of 2005, a year before Buzzfeed was even founded. Then, over the last few years, I watched in horror as one of my favorite formats decided to prostitute itself all over the internet as the default format for lazy articles. Anyway the point is, A) I was doing listicles before they were cool, and B) A list headline doesn’t mean it can’t be a high-quality article, so C) Wait But Why will make a listicle when it’s the best format for that post, and don’t be mad at us cause it’s not what it looks like.
At the top of your life mountain, in the green zone, you have your Tier 1 friends—those who feel like brothers and sisters. These are the people closest to you, those you call first when something important happens, those you love even when they suck, who make speeches at your wedding, whose best and worst sides you know through and through, and whose relationship with you is eternal—even if you go months or years without hanging out, nothing has changed when you find yourself together again. Unfortunately, depending on how things went down in your youth, Tier 1 can also contain your worst enemies, the people who can ruin your day with one subtle jab that only they could word so brilliantly hurtfully, the people you feel a burning resentment for, or jealousy of, or competition with. Tier 1 is high stakes.
Towards the bottom of the mountain in the orange zone, you have your Tier 3 friends—your Not Really friends. You might grab a one-on-one drink with one of them when you move to their city, but then it surprises neither of you when five years pass and drink #2 is still yet to happen. Your relationship tends to exist mostly as part of a bigger group or through the occasional Facebook like, and it doesn’t even really stress you out when you hear that one of them made $5 million last year. You may also try to sleep with one of these people at any given time.
It’s not that easy to make friends anymore.
Sure, you’ll make new friends in the future—at work, through your spouse, through your kids—but you won’t get to that Tier 1 brothers level, or even to Tier 2, with very many of them, because people who meet as adults don’t tend to get through the 100+ long, lazy hangouts needed to reach a bond of that strength. As time goes on, you start to realize that the 20-year frenzy of not-especially-thought-through haphazard friend-making you just did was the critical process of you making most of your lifelong friends.
As time goes on, most of us tend to have fewer friends in Quadrants 2-4, because A) people mature, and B) people have more self-respect and higher standards for what they’ll deal with as they get older. But the fact is, friendships made in the formative years often stick, whether they’re ideal or not, leaving most of us with a portion of our Tier 1 and Tier 2 friendships that just don’t make that much sense. We’ll get to the great, Quadrant 1 friendships later in the post, but in order to treat those relationships properly, we need to take a thorough look at the odd ones first. Here are 10 common ones—
The thing is, sometimes it’s not even that these people couldn’t have an individual friendship—it’s just that they don’t, and neither one has the guts to try to make that leap when things have gone on for so long as is.
A third example is the “You’re great, I’m great, ugh why is everyone else so terrible and not great like us” friend. Of course, she doesn’t really think you’re perfectly great at all—if she were with someone else, you’d be one of the voodoo dolls on the table to be dissected and scoffed at. The key here is that the two of you must be on a team at all times while interacting. The only comfortable mode for this person is bonding with you by building a little pedestal for you both to stand on while you criticize everyone else. You can either play along and everything will go smoothly, even though you’ll both despise yourselves and each other the whole time, or you can commit the ultimate sin and have the integrity to disagree with the friend or defend a non-present party the friend criticizes. Doing this will shatter the fragile team vibe and make the friend recoil and say something quietly like, “Hm…yeah…I guess.” The friend now respects you for the first time and will also criticize you extra hard next time she’s playing her pedestal game with a different friend.
What these all have in common is the friend has tall walls up, at least toward you, and so she builds a little skit for you two to hang out in to make sure any authentic connection can be avoided. Sometimes that person only does this out of her own social anxiety and can become a great, authentic friend if you can just stomp through the ice. Other times, the person is just hopelessly scared and closed off and there’s no hope and you have to get out.
Think of a friend you get together with from time to time, which usually happens after a long and lackluster email or text exchange during which you just can’t find a time that works for both of you—and you’re never really happy when these plans are being made and not really psyched when you wake up and it’s finally on your schedule for that day.
If you’re on the oh yeah definitely not side of the situation, here’s what’s happening—there’s this suffering human in the world, and you know they’re suffering, and you fucking love it, because it gives your little ego a succulent sponge bath every time you hang out with them. You enjoy it so much you probably even lead them on intentionally, don’t you—you make sure to keep just enough ambiguity in the situation that their bleeding heart continues to lather your ego from head to toe at your whim.
There are darker, more permanent Non-Parallel Life Path situations. Like when Person A starts to become a person who rejects material wealth, partially because she genuinely feels that pursuing an artistic path matters more and partially because she needs a defense mechanism against feeling envious of richer people, and Person B’s path makes her scoff at people who pursue creative paths, partially because she genuinely thinks expressing yourself is an inherently narcissistic venture and partially because she needs a defense mechanism against feeling regretful that she never pursued her creative dreams—these two will have problems. They may still like each other, but they can’t be as close as they used to be—each of their lives is a bit of a middle finger at the other’s choices, and that’s just awkward for everyone. It’s not always that bad—but to survive an Off-Line Life Situation, friends need to be really different people who don’t at all want the same things out of life.
This is a rare Tier 3 friend, or even an acquaintance, who qualifies as an odd friendship, because you found a way to make it unhealthy even though you’re not actually friends. Well done.
In the Does This Friendship Make Sense graph above, the friendships we just discussed are all in Quandrants 2, 3, or 4—i.e. they’re all a bit unenjoyable, unhealthy, or both. That’s why this has been depressing. On the bright side, there’s also Quadrant 1—all the friendships that do make sense.
Rock friendships don’t just make us happy—they’re the thing (along with rock family and romantic relationships) that makes us happy. Investing serious time and energy into those is a no-brainer long term life strategy.
There’s something I call the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap. When you haven’t seen a good friend in a long time, the first order of business is a big catch-up—you want to know what’s going on in their career, with their girlfriend, with their family, etc., and they want to catch up on your life. In theory, once this happens, you can go back to just hanging out, shooting the shit, and actually being in the friendship. The problem is, when you don’t make enough time for good friends, seeing them only for a meal and not that often—you end up spending each get-together catching up, and you never actually get to just enjoy the friendship or get far past the surface. That’s the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap, and I find myself falling into it with way too many of the rocks in my life.
2) Dedicate even more time to the Quadrant 1, Tier 1 rocks in your life. If you’re in your mid-20s or older, your current rocks are probably the only ones you’ll ever have. Your rock friendships don’t warrant 2x the time you give to your other friends—they warrant 5 or 10x. And keep in mind that seeing one of them for an hour-long meal isn’t really enough—your rocks deserve serious, dedicated time so you can stay close. So go make plans with them.
So now that we know Starbucks isn’t slaughtering mom and pop, the thorny question remains: Why is Starbucks amplifying their business? It’s actually pretty simple. In contrast to so-called “downtown killers” like Home Depot or Wal-Mart, Starbucks doesn’t enjoy the kinds of competitive advantages that cut down its local rivals’ sales. Look at Wal-Mart. It offers lower prices and a wider array of goods than its small-town rivals, so it acts like a black hole on local consumers, sucking in virtually all of their business. Starbucks, on the other hand, is often more expensive than the local coffeehouse, and it offers a very limited menu; you’ll never see discounts or punch cards at Starbucks, nor will you see unique, localized fare (or—let’s be honest—fare that doesn’t make your tongue feel like it’s dying). In other words, a new Starbucks doesn’t prevent customers from visiting independents in the same way Wal-Mart does—especially since coffee addicts need a fix every day, yet they don’t always need to hit the same place for it. When Starbucks opens a store next to a mom and pop, it creates a sort of coffee nexus where people can go whenever they think “coffee.” Local consumers might have a formative experience with a Java Chip Frappuccino, but chances are they’ll branch out to the cheaper, less crowded, and often higher-quality independent cafe later on. So when Starbucks blitzed Omaha with six new stores in 2002, for instance, business at all coffeehouses in town immediately went up as much as 25 percent.
After all, if Starbucks can make a profit by putting its stores right across the street from each other, as it so often does, why couldn’t a unique, well-run mom and pop do even better next-door? And given America’s continuing thirst for exorbitantly priced gourmet coffee drinks, there’s a lot of cash out there for the taking. As coffee consultant Dan Cox explained, “You can’t do better than a cup of coffee for profit. It’s insanity. A cup of coffee costs 16 cents. Once you add in labor and overhead, you’re still charging a 400 percent markup—not bad! Where else can you do that?” Until Americans decide they need to pay four bucks a pop every morning for a custom-baked, designer-toast experience, probably nowhere.
The first to make a fine start of the relay weekend events will be
This will make a great use out of Devil’s Soul you lords will have received from Burning Week On-time Event J!
In fact, the Lost Island will be available on the next weekend and all three bosses from the island will make special appearances!
▶ Event Information: All the time travelers will make their appearance during the event period!
In Manitoba, workers compensation coverage was made mandatory for farm labourers in 2009, but family members were exempted from that change.
They made their announcement at the championship celebration, sending the Gator crowd into a frenzy, but putting a target on their backs. At times, the target was huge as teams gave them their best shots. But when the post season came around, these gators ripped through the competition for their third straight SEC Tournament championship and second straight national championship. Then it was on to the NBA.
This is their sixth season in the NBA and it is safe to say that all three have made their marks on the game. All three are participating in this year’s playoffs and playing a major role for their teams.
Still, if members of Congress take a tough vote and the bill becomes law, at least they’ve achieved something. The worst outcome for a leader, though, is if you force your members to take a tough vote and then the bill fails anyway. Then you’ve forced them to stick their necks out for no benefit, and made them more vulnerable to attacks in the next election.
Finally, Trump is vindictive and legendarily holds on to grudges. Rather than try to make GOP members of Congress more comfortable, he may want to force them to take a clear stand for or against him — so, perhaps, he can retaliate against those who remain defiant.
According to Ruiu (@dragosr on twitter), BadBIOS is a rootkit that can infect computers without bluetooth, ethernet, or Wi-Fi. Instead it can infect other computers by emitting "ultrasonic sound [...] from the device's loudspeakers". Computers nearby somehow pick up the sound via the speakers and thus get infected. Ruiu suspected his computers were infected with BadBIOS once his computers were acting strange.[5] Ruiu later provided data dumps of his BIOS only to have experts reveal it was normal data. Ruiu then countered stating that the malware probably erased itself whenever he tried to make a data dump.[6] While these claims are not outside the realm of science fiction, Ruiu has not provided a silver bullet, only speculation. Despite this, his reputation seems to be intact somehow.
Anyone with control of the network can try to figure out what kind of traffic you're sending, where it's going, and what's in it. The modern Internet is moving toward HTTPS by default, which is an attempt to make things more secure. If your browser reports that your connection is "secure" or "insecure", it's talking about HTTPS specifically. It doesn't mean that there's no chance that anyone can intercept what you're doing. By analogy, you're writing letters to a friend, and passing them through the hands of a series of strangers. By agreement, everyone has agreed not to tamper with the contents of the letter. HTTPS lets you seal the letter from (most) prying eyes, but does nothing to hide which friend you're mailing.
Once you've stuck the charger where you want it, you just need to set your phone or tablet on top of it to start charging. Magnets will pull the device into place and keep it there, so the device isn't in any danger of slipping off the charger or moving too much if you need to poke at it while it's charging. Centering the tablet on the charger can be a little tricky, but all three Nexus devices make a distinctive notification sound when charging wirelessly to tell you when you've done it correctly.
On the whole, the design of the charger is better thought out than the old Nexus 4 wireless charger. That device had an angled face (which made it difficult to impossible to use with anything larger than a phone) and used the same not quite adhesive material to hold the slippery Nexus phone to the charger. As we've noted, this material picks up dust and other detritus easily, and the dirtier it is the worse it is at sticking to things. The Nexus 4 charger had the more distinctive design, but the new charger is definitely more functional.
Everyone knows that the best sounding music comes from high quality speakers. And whether you bought those speakers at a big box store or out of the back of a van, they're probably big. Too big to carry around when you want to make noise on the go. After all, you have to blast the Imperial March when the CEO walks into the board room, right? If you don't, you might find yourself on the receiving end of another Force Choke.
It’s been a week for unusual planetary systems, and I’ll cap it off with Kepler-80, a star about 1100 light years away that features five planets in extraordinarily tight orbits. Such systems are now being referred to as STIPs (Systems with Tightly-spaced Planets), a nod to our apparently imperishable drive to create acronyms. Whatever we call them, though, systems like these make us realize that our own Solar System’s configuration is but one possibility in a sea of other outcomes. Yesterday’s post on ‘warm Jupiters’ is yet another confirmation of the thought.
Husted also reiterated his position that if both Issue 3 and Issue 2, a legislative anti-monopoly proposal, pass in November, the marijuana issue would be invalidated, regardless of which issue gets more votes. The language of Issue 2, plus the fact that it would take effect immediately, makes it the dominant issue.
In last year's session, the magazine restriction never made it to the governor's desk. Instead, it was the Senate and president Steve Sweeney who stood in its way. The state currently restricts clips to 15 rounds, a limit Sweeney described last year as "effective."
Miller said he's hoping the governor makes good on the ban this year.
Mandatory safety training was part of Sweeney's centerpiece bill, passed by both houses of the legislature last year but conditionally vetoed by the governor. The bill would have changed the way the state issues firearms licenses, made background checks instant and included private sales in the law. It also would have required proof of safety training prior to the issuance of a gun license. Training was among the elements altered by the governor's veto. After the conditional veto, Sweeney abandoned the measure.
If it's true training and it's provided free, he could back it, Fiamingo said. But if it's just a financial barrier erected to make it harder to obtain a gun permit, he said, it's a non-starter.
"The governor vetoed common-sense gun-safety reforms, including legislation I sponsored that would have made New Jersey a national model on background checks," he said. "We will be examining these issues again during the new term."
"I made a personal commitment to the families of Newtown that we would not stop fighting, no matter how long it takes until we get the magazine limit passed," Greenwald said. "In talking with the families, they will tell you, the single most important piece of legislation to stop this kind of insanity in the future is that magazine limit."
Using only your voice, which will be uploaded into an App, this VOICIE, as he calls it, tells a lot about you and who you are. From your gender to the language that you speak, to your accent, which can even lead you to guessing someone’s eye colour. Howard makes some valid arguments in his thesis-like presentation where he has an Essay on Heritage as well as going into the linguistics of language. He certainly has done a lot of research and gone into great detail for the game. He says he is using Crowd Funding as a means to quickly ‘get’ the voicies and selfies he needs for the game. In short, it is a unique take on ‘Guess Who’ and with the inclusion of an App. He hopes this social media board game will evolve into its own product range including music, a toy hover car and even a TV game show. His experience in developing thousands of toys and games over the years, certainly puts this Aussie in the can-do bracket. We wish him all the best. Just search for The Selfie Board Game on Kickstarter.com is you wish to secure an EARLY copy of the game.
Do you ever listen to the radio and wonder just what does that person look like? We all do it and make mental images of the person on the other end of the microphone. Australian Toy and Game Manufacturer Ken Howard, in partnership with Mark Mercer of Philadelphia USA, are launching Ken’s new Selfie Board Game on Kickstarter, a game which addresses this exact issue. Ken says that in his travels all over the world, he was always fascinated meeting new clients he has only spoken to on the phone. He said that, in listening more, he honed in on what he thought the person would look like when he met them in person. He said being a designer, he has always noticed features and sounds first. and has taken this to a level not thought of before in his new game. Mary Couzin, owner of Discovery Games and the Chicago Toy and Game Fair commented: “Wow you wrote a thesis”, referring to his Kickstarter page after being shown a preview. In fact, former Vice President of Hasbro, Mike Hirtle, even lent Ken his “voicie” and “selfie” for the game which you can actually play within the Kickstarter web site. I am sure you will be surprised what you can learn about someone’s voice. I certainly was, in reading Ken’s Essay on the subject of linguistics on the site. It honestly looks like a hit with his new social media board game. Check it out on Kickstarter, search for The Selfie Board Game.
With most of our games, our initial prototypes are made with simple shapes to get the gameplay working as soon as possible. With Don't Grind, the concept was so simple that we decided to set the project up properly right away. So we created the spritesheets and started building the scene as we worked on the gameplay.
It's important with a game like Don't Grind to feel connected with what is going on. We really wanted to bring the characters to life but avoid the whole "grinding up cute cats and dogs", so we chose to use inanimate objects. There have been thousands of games where you put animals in blenders and stuff since way back in the early days of flash, and we didn't want to make one of those.
Professor Spiegelhalter, the Winton Professor for the Public Understanding of Risk in the Statistical Laboratory at Cambridge University, pointed out that the “no safe level” message contradicted the working group’s guiding principle that the public needed to be able to make an “informed choice”, not get scared into obedience. Eating a bacon sandwich, or watching an hour of TV, posed more long-term health risks than moderate alcohol consumption, he wrote. Graham Stringer MP pointed out the zero-alcohol advice would have a “perverse effect” - most people would simply ignore it.
The Pentagon isn’t taking any chances, if one U.S. military instructor is to be believed. Prof. Paul Springer, a history teacher at the U.S. Air Command and Staff College in Alabama, told an Australian TV program last year that Washington has plans for even the least likely military threats—including attackers from beyond the solar system. “We make all kinds of contingency and war plans,” Springer said.
Grec snapped out of her thoughts, and smiled. As the SAR team walked on through the snow, Grec spun on her heel, keeping pace but walking backwards through the tracks of the marine in front. Psi-Marine Maryam Khouri was on rear point, Grec in the center of the line. Grec gave a thumbs-up and Khouri did the same, signaling that all was well, then Grec turned back around without missing a step. Behind the opaque visor of her helmet, she smiled to herself and focused with her mind, pushing the feeling out, hoping that Khouri, three places behind, would be able to sense it. Grec had no psi-ability, and the Psi-Marines weren’t supposed to communicate with the regular forces like that, officially. But it was common. Sometimes the quickest way to get a message across without anyone else knowing—enemy included—was to use your mind. On the long tour aboard the Union Starship Hit and Run, the two of them had worked at it, Maryam insisting that everyone, even Kat, had the power buried up there somewhere in their cerebrum. With a little effort, you could make yourself heard.
They moved on after an hour. The two remaining Psi-Marines, Bowen and Palladio, had spent all of the intervening time trying to contact the missing third member of their fireteam, but without luck. Neither of them could reach out to her with their minds, unable to make contact or even sense her presence.
Grec cleared her throat and dragged her attention back to her task. As the team walked forward, Grec swept the wand back and forth again. The readings didn’t change. Nor did they make much sense.
Grec clenched her jaw and focused on sharing the HUD data with her team leader. The psi-fi indicator in her visor flickered briefly as her combat suit made contact with the sergeant’s, and began streaming the data to its computer.
The cave was close now. The snow beneath Grec’s boots became shallower, harder-packed. Their powered combat armor made the slog easier, but even so, they would be exhausted soon, pushing through at this pace. Grec only hoped the cave would keep them safe from whatever the hell it was under the snow.
Anderson held his tongue between his front teeth, grimacing as he made a delicate adjustment inside his helmet. He twisted one tool clockwise, and his face was lit from below by the familiar glow of the Fleet HUD. Grec knelt beside him and peered into the helmet, watching as the visor displayed scrolling pages of code as it went through a forced reboot.
As she bent down, Grec noticed more of the floor had melted. More than that, it looked as though someone—Anderson, presumably—had been digging into the softening ice on the other side of the cave, revealing something black and long, part of the rock of the actual cave floor. There was something about it that made Grec curious. She moved closer to get a better look, but Anderson grabbed her arm and pulled her back around to face him.
“Don’t you get it?” said Anderson. He leapt forward, grabbing the pistol from the distracted Sergeant’s hand. She made a grab towards him, then backed off as she found herself covered by the marine. Anderson waved them all together, until the trio were backed against the rear of the cave.
“Make them stop,” said Anderson. His face was red, tears streaked down it. “Please, make them stop.”
“It’s made of herculanium.”
“How can a cave be made of herculanium?” asked Palladio, joining them at the wall.
Grec wondered what it was doing here. Spiders hatched en mass in deep space; not planetside, not alone. Vast asteroid fields comprised entirely of hollow herculanium spheroids were carefully mapped by the Fleet, providing data on Spider population and spread. The hatcheries were also a boon for both the Fleet and private mining companies alike, enterprises which frequently clashed as they moved in to process the eggshells into more manageable herculanium ingots. The metal was something both sides of the war were in need of—the Spiders were made of it, as were the U-Stars of the Fleet.
She stumbled onwards, the First Sergeant—or whatever her real rank was—ahead, plowing a path through the snow that got steadily deeper and deeper the farther they got from the hillside, until just a few meters later it was up to their knees. The augmented strength of the combat suits—the powered joints and motivators by design unaffected by the armor’s offline computer—lessened the effort required to run through the snow, but not by much. If they still had their helmets, Grec thought, and the psi-fi link between their minds and the suits, then the armor would have responded to the task. As it was, they made difficult and slow progress.
It was silver grey, the same matte color as the herculanium of its egg. The machine’s body was spherical, perhaps ten meters across and formed from individual curved plates which slid and shifted as the thing moved. From between the plates, a red light shone—the light, Grec knew, of the solar plasma that boiled in the creature’s core, a power source held in check within a lattice of magnetic fields. Eight eyes—four large, four small—formed an optical array on the front of the body, surrounded by other stubby sensors and antennae of varying size and length, all made of something black and glassy.
Grec scrambled in the snow until she had her plasma rifle back in her hands. She raised the sight to her eye and took a deep breath, forcing herself to calm, to make the shot. Their weapons had been useless against the herculanium shell of the machine creature, but there was an opportunity here to hit something far more vulnerable.
The sergeant had made the right decision. Grec knew this, even though she wasn’t sure she would have been able to do it herself. Despite being dragged under the snow and injured, Palladio had reached out with his mind to jam the Spider’s AI. The only way to prevent the Spider from burning out his mind and then killing Grec and the sergeant was to kill him. Suddenly breaking the psychic link—a link amplified by the minds of the dead marines the Spider was using as a battery—would send a shockwave back to the Spider, enough to fry its CPU. Furusawa had realized this and took the decision, one that would have saved her had Grec not intervened.
Every new business wants to differentiate itself, to stand out from the crowd. It is a bit of a mystery, then, why so many websites for smaller cider companies proudly state that they are different because they don’t make sweet cider, unlike the big bad Big Players (you know who they are). So many cideries make this claim that it no longer seems to be much of a distinction. More to the point it does an incredible disservice to sweeter ciders, seeming to say that if it’s sweet it’s therefore bad, and implying that if it’s dry it is therefore good. As with most simplistic statements, this ain’t necessarily so.
Sugar content isn’t quite the last word on sweetness, though. Our brains can sometimes be fooled into thinking something is sweeter than the actual available sugars would suggest. The amount of acidity in a given cider will, for example, influence how sweet it tastes. A high acid cider that has a sugar content that would put it into the medium cider category may taste less sweet than a low acid cider having a sugar level in the medium-dry range, which is also why to many palates fresh apple juice will taste less sweet than a Coke®. Furthermore, because taste and smell are so closely intertwined a fruity aroma will also encourage us to taste a cider as sweeter than it is, while conversely an earthy aroma will make a cider be perceived as less sweet. (Genetics can play a role in sweetness perception, too.)
Why, one might ask, don’t the Big Players make actual dry ciders if, as one assumes from the marketing pitches of their smaller competitors, there is in fact a market for them? The easy answer is that while there are those that do prefer drier beverages, Americans as a whole seem to prefer their drinks sweet, particularly in an emerging category or market.
More to the point, it’s actually more challenging to make a decent tasting dry cider than a sweet one. With a truly dry cider there is nowhere to hide. It requires more attention to apple varieties and blends, and to production dynamics, in order to create something that isn’t just a complete thin and watery acid bomb. In addition, when you are starting with juice concentrates, which once a company is making cider at a certain scale is an absolute must, it is simply impossible to add back all of the subtle complexities inherent in fresh juice that get stripped out during the concentration process. Sugar can make this diminished character less obvious, although at some point all you can taste is the sugar itself rather than the harmonious flavor you’d get from actual juice.
“That is an assessment that can be made only by investigators with access to classified intelligence and information from all relevant companies and industries — and we want to do our part.”
Zuckerberg said the release was only one of the steps the company is taking to make the platform less vulnerable for those looking to use it as a tool for election interference.
Zuckerberg noted that the company would be expanding its analysis of election interference into other former Soviet countries — something that Warner has been pressing it to do. He also said that Facebook will push to make its political ads more transparent.
“Not only will you have to disclose which page paid for an ad, but we will also make it so you can visit an advertiser's page and see the ads they're currently running to any audience on Facebook,” he said.
Warner’s counterpart on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffTech takes heat as anti-vaxers go viral Demands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara: It would seem 'odd and unusual' if Mueller report isn't made public MORE (D-Calif.), had similarly called for more details on the ad buys.
Merkel was complaining to Zuckerberg about posts by Facebook users who were critical to the hordes of Muslim migrants who are flooding Germany and other European countries. Zuckerberg responded that: “[W]e need to do some work” on curtailing anti-immigrant posts about the refugee crisis. “Are you working on this?” Merkel asked in English, to which Zuckerberg replied in the affirmative before the transmission was disrupted. What pretense will Facebook use to ban Germans from legitimately discussing the policy concerns of their country, which purports to be a democracy? Racism, of course: Loading... We are committed to working closely with the German government on this important issue,” Debbie Frost, a spokeswoman for Menlo Park, California-based Facebook, said via e-mail. “We think the best solutions to dealing with people who make racist and xenophobic comments can be found when service providers, government and civil society all work together to address this common challenge. But can a true democracy exist when the public, who are supposed to be ultimate authority for the government, are not permitted to frankly debate policies?
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
Well, Mrs. Perkins mostly stays put, except when she takes the girls away on vacation. More mercurial is Aline Bernstein (Nicole Kidman), a married theatrical set designer who has adopted Tom as her protégé and appointed herself his muse. This makes her Max’s rival, and also the most interesting and unpredictable person in the movie, even though — or perhaps precisely because — it lacks the imagination to know quite what to do with her.
In addition to being created in Build mode, pools can also be built diagonally and on rooftops. Windows can be added to pools to create infinity pools, wall height can be adjusted to make deeper or shallower pools, and a slew of new swimwear has been added to the game as well. The new line of swimwear can be perused in Create A Sim.
vector<User> users {make<User>(1, "John"), make<User>(2, "Bob"), make<User>(3, "Max")}; auto findUser = [&users](int id) -> Maybe<User> { for (User user : users) { if (user->id == id) return user; } return nullptr; }; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 vector < User > users { make < User > ( 1 , "John" ) , make < User > ( 2 , "Bob" ) , make < User > ( 3 , "Max" ) } ; auto findUser = [ & users ] ( int id ) -> Maybe < User > { for ( User user : users ) { if ( user -> id == id ) return user ; } return nullptr ; } ;
Second important part, we used only first function argument here as key. If you have complex request where all parameters should act as composite key – what to do? It’s still possible and there are a lot of ways to make it. First way is just to use std::tuple as key (see below). Second way is to create cache class which will allow several key parameters. Third way is to combine arguments into single string cache using variadic templates. Using tuple approach we can rewrite it like this:
We can change order of aspects as we like. And as we made aspect functions rather universal we can reuse them avoiding a lot of code duplication.
Understandably, you probably have some questions about this postmodern concept. If you were born before 1985, you might remember the days when TV signals floated through thin air, delivering episodes of Married With Children to homes across America without any wires. Those TV signals still exist, and in between the channels, there’s unused spectrum called white space. Enterprising scientists have figured out how to turn that white space into a sort of super wi-fi and broadcast internet service to a many miles-wide radius. What’s extra special is that, unlike wi-fi or cellular service, the stronger TV signal can penetrate buildings and other obstacles. This makes it ideal for rural areas, where conventional broadband service is either unavailable or prohibitively expensive.
As Tuesday’s announcement makes clear, Microsoft scientists have been on the bleeding edge of white space research. The increasingly hip company intends to drop $10 billion to launch a new white space service in 12 states, including New York and Virginia, connecting an estimated two million Americans to the internet, The New York Times reports. This plan ought to please FCC chairman Ajit Pai, who’s made expanding high speed internet access a priority since he took the helm of the agency. Then again, many believe that Pai’s mission amounts to an empty promise, one that stands to line the pockets of big telecom companies instead of actually helping rural America. But that’s a whole ‘nother can of beans.
In college, the defender made 28 appearances (27 starts) over two seasons at Midwestern State. The Mustangs recorded a shutout in 13 of his starts. Ryden led the school to consecutive NCAA Division II postseason appearances, earning NSCAA All-South Central Region First Team honors in 2014. Previously, he spent two seasons at Oral Roberts University.
My fellow staff like to collect the unusual ones. Clips, pins, staples, nails (!), tabs, and types whose names I couldn’t begin to fathom—we have come across an astounding variety among the records. Customer Service Division chief Diane Dimkoff told me that she once found an inch-and-a-half-long thorn holding papers together! They were Army records from the field during World War II; you had to make do with what you had.
The 31-year-old explained this during his first public question and answer session in 2014 when an audience member asked why his outfits never changed. “I really want to clear my life to make it so that I have to make as few decisions as possible about anything except how to best serve this community,” said Zuckerberg.
However, Dreamworks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg told The New York Times that the deal, worth $30 million per picture to Dreamworks over a number of years, was “game-changing” and represented a bet that viewers would soon no longer make distinctions between content streamed on the Internet or through cable.
NAB sources said a decision on whether or not to send another notice to the family would be made after consultation with the NAB chairman. It also remains to be seen whether Sharif and his sons will be summoned to the offices in Lahore or Islamabad.
Additionally, the three may be quizzed about the nature of monetary gifts made to Nawaz Sharif by his son Hussain Nawaz.
Since we launched Google Buzz for mobile, we've been working on ways to make it quicker and easier to share your thoughts and experiences while you're out and about.
Reportedly, Cohen-Watnick provided Nunes with documents purporting to show improper surveillance on Trump’s allies, an allegation Nunes made while obscuring that the narrative, politically convenient for the White House, emerged from the White House itself. Nunes later reluctantly recused himself when the revelation of White House involvement sparked a political outcry. Subsequently, both Democrats and Republicans who viewed the documents considered them anodyne, a far cry from Nunes and Trump’s portrayals.
Some sources considered the removal of the CIA liaison to be an act of retaliation for the attempt to get Cohen-Watnick off the NSC. The episode occurred in mid-March, before Nunes made his allegations.
In recent weeks, as McMaster has accrued power at the expense of both the Flynn loyalists supporters and Bannon, the White House war with the intelligence agencies has waned. Last week Mike Pompeo made his first speech as CIA director, and insisted to his Washington thinktank audience that the agency and the president had turned a corner in their relationship.
The FBI’s Cyber Division was founded in 2002, and according to Battaglia, the division splits it’s work equally between criminal matters and matters of national security. The Cyber Division is made up of squads located throughout the United States. Special Agent Battaglia explained that partnerships are made between the FBI’s Cyber Division and state police, the IRS, FinCEN, the Secret Service, and “detectives from all sorts of different law enforcement agencies.” At a keynote address, Special Agent Bataglia also mentioned how Monero is increasingly being used by ransomeware.
While Oasis has since gone offline, in an exit scam, AlphaBay continues to function and allow users to make deposits and withdrawals in both Bitcoin and Monero. AlphaBay began accepting Monero on September 1st, 2016. “Following the demand from the community, and considering the security features of Monero, we decided to add it to our marketplace,” a notice on AlphaBay said in August of 2016.
The report makes a number of concrete recommendations, calling for US president Barack Obama to apply more strict prohibitions on the use of "sleep deprivation, isolation, exploitation of fear, and other interrogation methods that violate international standards". It also urges the APA to clarify its ethical policy and "repudiate the report of its Presidential Task Force…that condones the participation of psychologists in interrogation".
Step 6: Take the rubber bands and loop them through the slits that you made in the cover, then loop the bands back on themselves, making a bite around the fabric of the lid. Do this for each of the six slits that you cut.
Step 6: This is where it gets a little tricky. Figure out how much length of the Claymore wire covers and surpasses the length of the lid. In my case, I can wrap the cord around my elbow and over my palm to make a spool, and that fits nicely for our purposes. This might require some experimentation on your part to get it right. You will need to make three separate wraps that will be locked into place with the rubber bands, so plan ahead.
Start stringing the Claymore wire back and forth. Once you get enough wraps, separating the wire equally into thirds, go ahead and lock the ends into the loops of the rubber bands. You may need to twist the rubber bands and loop them back around the wire a second time to make sure it's in there nice and snug.
Here is the finished product, you've dropkicked a claymore mine. The mine can now be carried by the sling or kept on an external pouch on a rucksack. When a small recce patrol makes contact and can't wait for air support, it's time to use this bad boy. Extend the claymore legs, stick it in the ground (THIS SIDE FACES ENEMY), pull however much wire you need to get you behind cover and concealment, run to cover, pop the shipping plugs, and attach the clacker. Once a pursuing enemy closes in on your position, you know what to do!
Writing up this DIY guide cost me some money; would you believe that a used Claymore trainer costs almost 200 dollars?! I think it was worth the trouble, but if you guys learned anything from this post, please help us out and make this DIY guide famous. Use the like button and share this with as many people as possible. Thanks guys.
Schoolchildren in China are often made to take a nap after lunch rather than play outside; they then go home to do far more homework than anywhere outside East Asia. The older children in China have poor eyesights, as they stay indoors and not because of the country’s notorious pollution.
Today, the history of Mi-Carême is cherished (though the festival has lost much of its religious association) and the villages that uphold its tradition also work to expand it, through the creation of visitor information centers and the elongation of the festival itself, which can now feature opening and closing galas or community dances. Those who have moved away are known to return for the event, and newcomers are quickly incorporated into the tradition. “I think it’s the best celebration that our culture has,” says Aucoin, “it makes people happy.”
Just a few months ago, Grishin Robotics made its robotic first investment (that we know of) by writing a check for a cool quarter million to Double Robotics and its rolling iPad telepresence thingy. Today, Grishin has announced investment number two, with another $250,000 going to Elad Inbar's RobotAppStore.
What is RobotAppStore? We'll break it down for you: it's a store, that sells apps, for robots. You can buy (or download for free) apps for a variety of consumer robots (Naos, Pleos, Roombas, Lego NXT kits, and more), each of which has been checked out by RobotAppStore itself to make sure it won't cause your hardware to explode. On the other end, developers can sell apps through the store, keeping 70 percent of whatever their apps bring in.
“Robotics is a combination of good hardware and software – thus, the important role of a project like the RobotAppStore in the market ecosystem is unquestionable. The concept of ‘Cloud robotics’, which implies ability of all robots to connect to the internet, share a common knowledge database and seamlessly upgrade their functions in real-time, is a soon-to-be future; one reminiscent of the of personal computer industry. We believe that the strong team behind RobotAppStore coupled with their ability to leverage the advantages of having strong community already built around the product, can make this future closer”, said Dmitry Grishin, founder of Grishin Robotics, Co-Founder & CEO of Mail.Ru Group.
As much as I'd like to believe this, "the robotics industry has reached its tipping-point" is a sentiment that I've heard consistently ever since I started writing about robots back in 2007, and as far as I can tell, nothing has tipped yet. I think it's more likely that Grishin's investments, and RobotAppStore itself, will help the robotics industry reach some sort of tipping-point in the first place. An app-type ecosystem, where you can download new capabilities for your robot that someone else has come up with rather than taking the time to develop them yourself, is one of the things that has made ROS so successful in robotics, and has the potential to do something similar for consumer robots in general. The only question I have at this point is whether there are really enough robots out there for RobotAppStore to get a good foothold, but even if there aren't (yet), the existence of a place to share apps will perhaps motivate people to buy more robots knowing that new capabilities are already available.
Your antagonist needs to summon up reader emotions that are just as strong as those felt for the protagonist. Hateable bad guys will deepen reader sympathy for your protagonist. But, beyond even that, bad guys with whom the reader can identify to at least some degree are bad guys who will make him squirm even more.
HAYES: But that makes me hopeful about the power of this kind of – the force of this, as opposed to this being something that constrains consensus, it actually is this tool, right? It’s a tool of progress when we say that certain things, like opposing marriage equality, are sort of, like, not the kinds of things that mainstream American politicians –
The territorial tax will delight these monster corporations that have accumulated billions of untaxed profits overseas. They can invest the money off shore to create any new business they might want to enter, in any country they might like, and with little effort completely avoid US taxation. This removes any reason for any corporation to manufacture in the US for export. As soon as possible, the company simply moves production off shore, and uses tricks to make the profits in some low tax country. Jobs leave, exports drop, and so do tax revenues.
The US Chamber of Commerce and many of the anti-American corporations it represents are begging congress to enact a one-time repatriation with at 5% tax rate. Their web site is the patriotic WinAmerica, with a lovely picture of working Americans, you know, the people expected to make shared sacrifices. That is a tough sell in light of the howling about the debt ceiling. Even our corrupt elected representatives are having trouble saying that this is a jobs measure, when we know from recent experience that it is just a devious way to give more money to the rich, and increase their leverage over US workers at the same time.
The proposal also calls for the Finance Committee to switch to a territorial tax system, under which U.S. multinational companies wouldn’t face taxes on income they earn outside the country. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups have been urging Congress to make such a change. Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat who has proposed his own bipartisan tax-code overhaul, said yesterday that driving rates down that far would require making big changes to breaks that many taxpayers enjoy. Those include the mortgage interest deduction and the deduction for charitable contributions. “You would have to cut back very dramatically on some of the middle-class tax incentives,” he said.
He describes The Hateful Eight as “a claustrophobic snow Western”—a chamber piece, like Reservoir Dogs or The Iceman Cometh, but set in the wintry post–Civil War 1800s. It’s about a bounty hunter (Kurt Russell) escorting a prisoner (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to justice, only to be diverted into Tarantino-land—a.k.a. a tavern of sorts called Minnie’s Haberdashery, which doesn’t sell hats—where six other men are waiting out a snowstorm, and nobody’s who they say they are. It also stars Sam Jackson and Michael Madsen and Bruce Dern; everyone wears giant furs. “I think it could be my best movie,” Tarantino says. “If not, at least in my top four.” Which is a hilarious qualiﬁer, since he’s only made eight. People count Tarantino movies because he’s maintained for a while now that he’s only making ten. Maybe not even ten. “If ﬁlm projection goes the way of the dodo bird, well, then, maybe I might not even get to ten,” he says.
Well, I mean, in the way of, like, talking about America’s culpability in their past is what _Django’_s about. The white supremacy that has existed since and that is rearing its ugly head again, to such a degree that it’s being dealt with by the Black Lives Matter movement and all that stuff, is where we are now. And that’s what The Hateful Eight deals with. The thing that was really wild is, I wasn’t trying to bend over backwards in any way, shape, or form to make it socially relevant. But once I ﬁnished the script, that’s when all the social relevancy started.
Django made $425 million—what do you chalk that success up to?
People liked the movie. I mean, [laughs] I take a little bit of pride about the fact that Westerns aren’t supposed to work, black-lead movies aren’t supposed to work, and if they’re not supposed to work, slavery movies are really, really, really not supposed to work, and I made almost a half a billion dollars around the world and was actually even more of a success and greeted with more open arms in other countries. But ultimately, I think it was the movie. People just responded to the movie.
It’s whatever. You know, I don’t make Oscar kind of movies. So the fact that I’m invited to the party when I don’t—and I’m not saying he’s pandering, I mean, it was hardly pandering doing Slumdog Millionaire—but, you know, there’s no pandering to mine. I mean, actually, the idea of winning three screenplay Oscars, maybe four, all right, with only ten films, and never doing it for that purpose, only following my own muse—that’s about as great a testament to an artistic career as I can imagine. But I’m also keeping it in perspective, because I actually think, you know, Preston Sturges is maybe a better writer than all the guys who have ever won before, and he didn’t win shit. [Sturges did win once, for 1940’s The Great McGinty*—make of this slip what you will]*
Well, people made a bigger deal out of it than what, you know…you know, there used to be a time where I could go to Austin and have my QT fest and sit there in front of the audience, in either a question-and-answer session about my own shit, or introducing some movie that I’m a big fan of that I’m talking about, and I could be honest and off the cuff and funny and profound and whatever, and complicated, and it was fine, because it was just for the people in that room. That world doesn’t really exist anymore, and that’s not Ennio’s fault.
You’re on film number eight. How could you plan to make only two more after this?
Oh, very much so. I mean… [pause] I still touch base with that person all the time, and I still have their thoughts. I still have their perspectives. I mean, you know, the way the police are killing black males out there, unarmed black males, shooting them down, um…you know, it’s a different story for me now. All right? The police protect this house. And I need them to do that. And I want them to do that. If I have a problem here, if I think somebody jumped my fence and is fucking around on my property, I’m gonna call the cops. But I’m rich now. I’m rich and white now. All right? When I was in my twenties, I wasn’t rich. They looked at me, and they saw a criminal. They saw a scumbag. They saw someone to be fucked with. I went through a county-jail system four different times. I saw how the county sheriffs talk to you when you’re down there. I saw what it’s like when you have absolutely no power and you’re on the wrong side of the social strata, and what they think of you, and the judgments they make of you. I see that, and I see that now. So when I watch this stuff, I say, “God, shit, that, you know, that could have been me in 1984. That could have been me in 1986.” Now, I have white skin and they have black skin, and that’s a huge difference.
I worked too long to be here. I mean, I had such incredible good luck and fortune to make Pulp Fiction and just, in this weird pocket of time, that it could be appreciated for what it was. If I’m gonna fuck that up, I don’t really deserve to have any of this. But I was never afraid of the burnout scenario that you described. I was more afraid of like—I didn’t want to open up a shingle and a shop and now I’m a factory. You know, I do my movie that I do every two or three years, but then I produce a bunch of stuff, and my name’s always out there, Quentin Tarantino Presents this movie, that movie, and I’m rewriting this, because they’re paying me a lot of money, I do a two-week dialogue polish on Transformers 3, this and that and the other, and I keep making money and money and money, and I’m, like, you know, giving my special magic well water away to these people—and now all of a sudden my name doesn’t mean jack fucking shit.
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.*
The human cost: One thousand miles away, a policeman on a Turkish beach had to gently recover the bodies of two brothers drowned as their family tried to make their way to the Greek island of Kos yesterday
He said: 'You have got to make sure the aid keeps coming – we put £1billion of overseas aid in to help these desperate people.'
YVETTE'S SELFIE BRIGADE Yvette Cooper has written to all MPs urging them to take a selfie proclaiming that they would welcome more refugees in Britain. The Labour leadership candidate made her move after rival Andy Burnham appeared to claim credit for being the first of the contenders to call for the UK to grant more Syrians asylum. In her letter, the shadow home secretary told MPs the situation ‘transcends’ party politics and the Labour leadership race. She added: ‘We are writing to you now to encourage you to ... take a selfie with a #refugeeswelcome banner and put it on Twitter and Facebook, encouraging others to do the same.’
'We are open to criticism that we are not taking our fair share but also from our own point of view, I think it makes compassionate sense just to do more.'
Nadhim Zahawi, MP for Stratford-on-Avon, added: 'We r nothing without compassion. Pic should make us all ashamed. We have failed in Syria. I am sorry little angel,RIP.'
JUNCKER'S REFUGEE RELOCATION SCHEME EXPLAINED EU chief Jean-Claude Juncker wants 160,000 refugees relocated across the continent European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker is set to propose a big increase in the number of refugees EU countries are required to give refuge to. In July, Mr Juncker called on European leaders to agree to share 40,000 refugees who had successfully made it to Italy and Greece. EU leaders eventually agreed to relocate 32,000 asylum seekers across the continent – but only those from Syria, Iraq and Eritrea. The number of refugees per country was calculated based on population, economic wealth and unemployment rates. Mr Juncker now wants the asylum scheme to be expanded to help relocate 160,000 refugees from three countries - Greece, Italy and Hungary. The new proposals include a 'permanent relocation scheme' so arriving migrants are automatically shared out between EU states. However, the UK, Ireland and Denmark opted out of the scheme when it was first set up.
A Webster man is in the Harris County Jail, accused of getting a 17-year-old woman drunk and then sexually assaulting her. But what makes this case unique is what finally led to his arrest.
It went unreported for two years until the woman started dating a man who had been a Marine MP. Prosecutors say he made it his mission to take the case to police, pretending to befriend Millner and making up a story.
– Machine guns have been given a slight rate of fire reduction. HD versions have also been given a small boost to recoil and a larger rate of fire reduction from 370 shots per minute to 190 shots per minute. This makes the time to kill a full health base with 4 MINI-HD’s go from ~1 minute to ~2 minutes.
Why spend $900 million and 2,800 workers on a big behavior detection program when it was objectively shown that it was being misused? And don’t make matters worse by spending even more money to hire a consultant to try and find the system’s faults.
“When I hear last week that we didn’t make decisions because we didn’t have the money or there was a hockey contract, it’s just flat out wrong,” he explained. “It’s patently false. We’ve got what we need to do. If there wasn’t a trade that was made, it was because Alex (Anthopoulos) and the baseball people didn’t think they wanted to part with the players for what they’d get back.”
“When we lose, all of a sudden it’s because of finances. It’s because we don’t have the money. That’s really not fair to Rogers,” said Beeston. “That’s because of decisions we made or because of injuries or the way we play. It’s nothing to do with the financial part of it.”
He said the association's decision was made in view of the Prime Minister's call during his recent 'Mann ki baat' programme to to save the environment.
On the issue of hiking the margins to petroleum outlets, he said the association was discussing it and would soon make an announcement in this regard.
LUBBOCK, TX (NEWS RELEASE) - In 1984, Sankar Chatterjee – curator of paleontology for the Museum of Texas Tech University – and his student, Bryan Small, made an astounding discovery.
Now, 33 years later, Chatterjee and his team have made a new discovery about Morturneria, one that adds a whole new dimension to science’s understanding of plesiosaurs – and larger than that, to the understanding of evolution itself.
The only reason I am still here, quite frankly, is all of you. I made this blog right as I began to get so much sicker, and was completely alone. The support I received through all of you gave me the courage to seek out further treatment that undoubtedly prolonged my life. Prior to this, nobody listened to me. Nobody heard me when I was sick, nobody believed that what I said was happening actually was. I had nearly given up on myself, since all of my doctors and families tried to convince me that I was lying about my failing health.
If not for all of you, I would probably be dead already, no joke. My body was completely shutting down, and it took a lot more strength than I could ever have alone to pursue extremely painful and effective treatments. Even though there still is no cure, and my life will likely end sooner than the time since this blog began, it has been made so much longer and so much better because of all of you.
Even if whoever is reading this is a new follower, even if you are an old one, if you ever doubt yourself, remember that your mere presence can be life changing to someone else. I still have a lot more fighting to do, but I never would have made it this far in the first place alone.
The execution scene from "La vie, la mort, l'amour" (Life, Love, Death), by Claude Lelouch (1969). "Life, Love, Death" was made before the abolition of capital punishment in France. The movie's central message is the inhumanity of the death penalty. (NB: The video's English subtitles are at times erroneous and misleading.)
The execution scene from "" (Life, Love, Death), by Claude Lelouch (1969). "" was made before the abolition of capital punishment in France. The movie's central message is the inhumanity of the death penalty. (NB:: François Toledo, a married businessman and father, falls head-over-heels in love with Janine, a work colleague. However, after three dates, he feels dishonored when he suffers from impotence. In frustration, he strangles three prostitutes before being arrested. He is tried and convicted, and sentenced to death...
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Thread the darning needle with the yarn or thread and leave the end unknotted. The darning process should create a tight weave that makes knots unnecessary.
Start your work on either side of the hole. Take several small vertical running stitches in the intact fabric of the sock, about 1/2 inch to the left or right of the hole. Turn the sock upside down and make another row of stitches next to the first.
Increase the number of running stitches you make as you come closer to the hole. When you reach the point at which the hole begins, your stitching line should extend from 1/2 inch above the hole to 1/2 inch below it.
“It is now clear to me that real issues did and may still exist, complaints were made and non-compliance was an all too common occurrence at Dover,” he said.
The results of that 18-month investigation were made public Tuesday, when federal investigators said they had documented “gross mismanagement” after whistleblowers complained about lost body parts, shoddy inventory controls and lax supervision.
Stop watching TV. Constantly seeing celebrities on TV with their beautiful hair, designer clothes and fancy homes does a lot of damage to the psyche. Not only does it conjure up feelings of inadequacy in our own looks, but it can prompt us to buy the exact same stuff they have to make ourselves feel like we’re living just a fraction of their fabulous lives. Please remember that everything on TV is FAKE. It is an escape from your day to day life, but when you start escaping with your credit card, you can end up with a bunch of expensive items that leave you feeling no better than you did before.
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
Friday, July 7th I began my new series “A Different Approach” with the post about injecting resources into the experience editor. After I made my that post live, I continued my research and I became increasingly unhappy with my solution described. There is a better solution that solves my issue and that solution is somewhere in this post! 😮
It all began with another oddly themed post. In that post, I described a situation where a client wasn’t 100% satisfied with their EE experience. They were concerned with the vagueness of how some of the fields and made a valid request. The client asked if we could add helpful descriptions to the fields prior to them initializing the field’s chrome which obviously contains the Field Name and Help Text (if any).
Every rendering on the Ribbon item renders in the Ribbon… makes sense. I mentioned that so we can cross off all solutions that involve custom views being placed on the Ribbon item. This also means we should stop considering the PageCode in hopes of finding a solution.
A series of conferences in France between 1870 and 1875 led to the signing of the Metre Convention and to the permanent establishment of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures, abbreviated BIPM after the French name. The BIPM made meter and kilogram standards for all the countries that signed the treaty; the two meters and two kilograms allocated to the United States arrived in 1890, and were adopted as national standards (Barbrow & Judson 1976, 16).
The definitions of 1893 remained unchanged for 66 years, but increasing precision in measurements gradually made the differences in the standards in use in English-speaking countries important. By the international yard and pound agreement of July 1, 1959, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States agreed that 1 yard = 0.9144 meter and that 1 avoirdupois pound = 0.45359237 kilogram (but see U.S. survey foot in the foot) (Barbrow & Judson 1976, 20).
But again, instead of criticizing the essay assigned to us, I wrote a parody called, "On a Piece of Dust," about how dust makes the colors of the sunset and precipitates the rain, and so on. I was always a faker, always trying to escape.
But when we had to write a theme on Goethe's Faust, it was hopeless! The work was too long to make a parody of it or to invent something else. I was storming back and forth in the fraternity saying, "I can't do it. I'm just not gonna do it. I ain't gonna do it!"
Then at night, I'd go to sleep again, so I had two times each day when I could make observations--it was very good!
Then, when I was getting tired, I noticed that I could think of two things at once. I discovered this when I was talking internally to myself about something, and while I was doing this, I was idly imagining two ropes connected to the end of my bed, going through some pulleys, and winding around a turning cylinder, slowly lifting the bed. I wasn't aware that I was imagining these ropes until I began to worry that one rope would catch on the other rope, and they wouldn't wind up smoothly. But I said, internally, "Oh, the tension will take care of that," and this interrupted the first thought I was having, and made me aware that I was thinking of two things at once.
I also noticed that as you go to sleep the ideas continue, but they become less and less logically interconnected. You don't notice that they're not logically connected until you ask yourself, "What made me think of that?" and you try to work your way back, and often you can't remember what the hell did make you think of that!
After four weeks of sleeping all the time, I wrote my theme, and explained the observations I had made. At the end of the theme I pointed out that all of these observations were made while I was watching myself fall asleep, and I don't really know what it's like to fall asleep when I'm not watching myself. I concluded the theme with a little verse I made up, which pointed out this problem of introspection:
I made some other observations while dreaming. Apart from always asking myself, "Am I really dreaming in color?" I wondered, "How accurately do you see something?"
Another time I'm dreaming and I hear "knock-knock; knock-knock." Something was happening in the dream that made this knocking fit, but not perfectly--it seemed sort of foreign. I thought: "Absolutely guaranteed that this knocking is coming from outside my dream, and I've invented this part of the dream to fit with it. I've got to wake up and find out what the hell it is."
You might like to know how this process of observing my dreams stopped (which it has for the most part; it's happened just a few times since). I'm dreaming one night as usual, making observations, and I see on the wall in front of me a pennant. I answer for the twenty-fifth time, "Yes, I'm dreaming in color," and then I realize that I've been sleeping with the back of my head against a brass rod. I put my hand behind my head and I feel that the back of my head is soft. I think, "Aha! That's why I've been able to make all these observations in my dreams: the brass rod has disturbed my visual cortex. All I have to do is sleep with a brass rod under my head, and I can make these observations any time I want. So I think I'll stop making observations on this one, and go into deeper sleep."
The harm is that once people have given 15 volts of shock, they have no compelling reason to resist giving a tiny increase of another 15 volts. After all, they have implicitly conceded that 15 volts of shock is minor. And once they have given 30 volts of shock, why not 45? Each time participants administered shock—at first just a “slight” amount, then stronger shocks–that level of shock became the new “normal.” Consciously or unconsciously, teachers justified their behavior to themselves each time they pulled the switch, and each justification made pulling the next switch easier. It is much harder to see that giving shock is wrong and that one has the power to simply stop after one has already given shocks that increased from 15 to 300 or more volts. Thus did participants slide down the slippery slope toward administering potentially fatal shock (Modigliani & Rochat, 1995).2
President Donald Trump makes his way to board Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, D.C, on Feb. 24. Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
The poll makes clear what numerous surveys have already pointed out: Trump has not enjoyed the typical 100-day honeymoon period. Overall, only 42 percent of Americans approve of Trump’s performance as president, and 53 percent disapprove. The number is worse in the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll that puts Trump’s overall job-approval rating at 40 percent, 4 points lower than it was in February. That is in sharp contrast to the average 69 percent approval for past presidents at or near the 100-day mark. President Barack Obama, for example, had a 69-26 percent approval rating near his 100 days in office.
Japan was at war during the Sengoku Period between 1467 and 1600, as feudal lords vied for supremacy.[7] Matchlock guns were used extensively and had a decisive role in warfare. In 1549, Oda Nobunaga ordered 500 matchlocks to be made for his armies. The benefits of firearms were still relatively questionable however compared to other weapons. At the time, guns were still rather primitive and cumbersome. According to one estimate in 16th century Japan, an archer could fire 15 arrows in the time a gunner would take to load, charge, and shoot a firearm.[8] Effective range also was only 80 to 100 meters, and at that distance, a bullet could easily bounce off armour. Furthermore, matchlocks were vulnerable to humid or rainy conditions as the powder would become damp.[8] However, firearms could be manned effectively by farmers or non-samurai low-ranking soldiers.[9]
A few Japanese started to study and experiment with recent Western firearms from the beginning of the 19th century especially as a means to repel the visits of foreign ships, such as the incursion by British frigate HMS Phaeton in 1808.[19] Through the process of rangaku (the studying of Western science through the Dutch), airguns were developed by Kunitomo Ikkansai c. 1820–1830. From 1828, experiments were made with flintlock mechanisms.[19]
The Nagasaki samurai Takashima Shūhan (高島秋帆) started to import flintlock guns from the Netherlands known as "Gewehr" from the 1840s.[20] He made the first modern Western military demonstration for the Tokugawa shogunate, in Tokumarugahara (north of Edo) on 27 June 1841.
With the arrival of Commodore Perry in 1854 and the inescapable opening of the country to trade, rapid efforts were made at reequipping Japan with modern fireams. Old matchlock weapons were recovered and converted to flintlock mechanisms.[21]
Japan finally developed its own model, the Murata rifle, derived from the French Fusil Gras mle 1874.[25] This was Japan's first locally made service rifle, and was used from 1880 to 1898. An industrial infrastructure, such as the Koishikawa arsenal had to be established to produce such new weapons.
Later, Japan developed the very successful bolt action Arisaka series rifles, which was the Japanese service rifle until the end of World War II.[26] Japan produced relatively few submachine guns during World War II, the most numerous model was the Type 100 submachine gun of which 24,000–27,000 were produced, compared, for example, with the British Sten of which millions were produced. During the war, the Japanese worked on a copy of the American semi-automatic M1 Garand (the Type 5 rifle) but only a few hundred were made before the end of the war and it did not enter service.
Aston Martin CEO Andy Palmer said the target is to make a car capable of lapping Silverstone quicker than an F1 car.
"As we sit here today, the raison d'etre that we've given the team is to be faster than an F1 car around Silverstone - or indeed any other F1 track," Palmer said. "I am sure there are other cars that can go in straight lines quicker than this, but we don't make drag cars, we make cars you can use. That is the raison d'etre we use."
The key to understanding the chances of real change lies in recognizing that the most important variable in that equation is us. Life isn't a tv channel or Facebook feed to get updates on; it must be interactive for any success to occur. Think of Bernie's groundbreaking campaign- did we all just wait to see the results? Or did we make it happen? Yes, we were driven by enthusiasm and hope back then, which is now (quite purposely) in short supply...
When my tattoo started to look out of hand though, I was slightly worried since nobody said that it would look so scathed after a week. People would stare at it with judging looks, like they were telling me I made a very unwise decision getting it. I didn’t really care. And those who inquired were taken aback upon hearing the story behind it. Although I admit, it gets pretty tiring to explain yourself to everyone.
The skin didn’t look too dry and it peeled faster, leaving a grey tint, like ash. It was still embossed though. I thought this was finally how the color was going to look like since the ink used was really soot. I consistently put the lotion every morning after bathing and before I go to sleep at night. Keisha told me she put on a regular lotion so I made her try RestoraDerm as well. She said it works better and the itching lessened, but a normal lotion will do.
Now the lines are obviously not perfectly straight, but that’s the beauty of it. It wasn’t made by a machine. It is purely done by the hands of a 95-year old Kalinga tattoo artist, with pine needle and soot as her tools, and almost a century’s worth of experience. I carry this art, traditionally only for the most brave and beautiful.
Laureate International Universities, the company’s international arm for which Clinton worked, has donated $1 million to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, with a new contribution made as recently as the second quarter of this year, according to records posted on the foundation’s website.
Carter also made one of his most direct attacks yet on other Middle Eastern countries for not lending more military muscle to the fight against Isis while complaining about American efforts.
Kerry has struggled to make progress since Russia intervened militarily to prop up Bashar al-Assad’s regime. On Friday in Aleppo, pro-regime forces were claiming to occupy 85% of the city, much of which has now been reduced to ruins.
While this technique is relatively simple for read-only data, Persevere still maintains virtual memory isolation between threads to protect against concurrent access between threads and ensuing race conditions. Persevere does this by performing copy-on-write style values in objects. When a property is modified, internally its value is modified to being a “transactional” value that actually has multiple states depending on which thread is accessing the objects. Therefore an object can be modified by one thread, but another thread can access the same object without seeing the uncommitted change. Property changes are made visible when transactions are committed. This technique allows Persevere to maintain transactional isolation between concurrent request handlers, while minimizing the record/objects that must be held in memory. Persevere’s architecture combined with JavaScriptDB’s integration minimizes memory consumption, allowing internal caches to be maximized for optimal performance.
"Consoles are too limited for what we want to do. We're trying to make the best virtual reality device in the world and we want to continue to innovate and upgrade every year - continue making progress internally - and whenever we make big jumps we want to push that to the public."
The exception I’ll make is for places that have found ethnic neighborhoods spring up around them. I’ve been to some bars in Silver Spring and Annandale where the cooks were Latin American and talked the owners into putting quesadillas or empanadas on the menu, and they’re better than the American dive food.
“I haven’t heard that in my conversations with team executives. I’ve heard about a lot of names coming up in trade talks. His has not been one of them. Going forward for the Bulls, do they have a decision to make on Taj? Let’s say Jimmy Butler is going to get a max offer sheet (next offseason) or they have to get in front of a max offer sheet and offer a deal close to the max.
“Do they have to look at the cap and make a decision on Taj? It’s possible. But I don’t know that they have to do that now. I haven’t heard anything along those lines that they were looking to shake it up that way. That doesn’t mean it’s not true, but I haven’t heard one team mention to me that they felt Taj was available.”
When those stories broke, some cast sideways glances at George for saying he'd like to be mentored by the guy whose spot he's trying to take and at James for saying he'd be willing to mentor the guy trying to take his spot. I suspect Durant won't be seeing any such side-eye in this instance, if for no other reason than that — at age 35, after a year lost to major leg injuries, on a Lakers team that looks unlikely to compete for anything meaningful any time soon — Bryant and the Lakers no longer really represent the same sort of threat to Durant's primacy as the West's best scorer or the Thunder's chances of being the West's best team that George and the Pacers do to James and the Heat. Kobe doesn't think that way, obviously — he'll believe he could compete for a championship until he's six feet under, same as Jordan — but in the context of the NBA world as it actually exists, it makes more sense in the minds of many for a great player from the new school to seek counsel from a prior generation's top star rather than for contemporaries to compare notes.
It shouldn't, though. I like the idea that LeBron and KD have worked out together. I think it's cool that the best and brightest want to not only go after each other and tear one another apart, but also want to learn from one another and try to get better by figuring out stuff they don't know from people who might. Nobody's saying that everybody needs to be the best of friends all the time, but considering that one of the primary developments of the post-AAU-basketball-playing social structure is that these guys mostly are friends, why not make the most of those other awesome people you know as you attempt to become the best possible version of yourself?
The deck I built isn’t necessarily seeking a particular advantage, but has a lot of cards that play well with each other. I often have turns where I have to sit for a few minutes just to figure out what I want to do, primarily because there are so many ways to use the cards in my hand. This is very unlike my Jedi deck, where the right move is generally obvious. This makes using the deck a lot more fun and playing against it all the more maddening. When you do so much with so little, it can really catch your opponent off guard.
The rest of the deck really fell together after this. In any deck that has a decent number of characters in it, Asteroid Sanctuary has to be considered. The thought of attacking with the Falcon, triggering the ability to drop in Han, and then attacking with Han just seemed way too good to pass up. The Falcon also interacts fantastically with Bright Hope, forcing a leave play with the Falcon each turn can make Bright Hope do some serious work.
In the end, what I continue to learn about Star Wars is that the value of each card is drastically lower than in most other games. This has a lot to do with the draw mechanic, but also because so much more of this game happens outside of the stats that what is on a card. How you attack, with which units, and in which order makes all the difference. The player skill involved in using the tools at your disposal appropriately is immense. Even if a card doesn’t seem all that great at first, give it a try. It may not be tall enough to be a stormtrooper, but it might end up being quite a bit better than you think.
Until next time, I’ll be seeing if I can’t find a way to make a viable Scum deck… As always, may the Force be with you.
Billionaires Red Bull want to buy a football club in England – and ‘give it wings’ to make it big, writes Alan Nixon in the People.
“They have looked at the Championship, but you can spend fortunes there and not make any progress.”
WEST HAM Owners who are always open to approaches. New home at the Olympic Stadium makes them appealing too. Red Bull West Ham? Not so crazy.
The battery on the Lumia 920 is 2,000mAh. Combined with the efficient processor, this makes for a long lasting display. The wireless charging comes with a Fatboy pillow, a plush charger that can be set comfortably on your bed. Nokia has also announced wireless charging partnerships with Virgin Atlantic and The Coffee Bean.
Wives bringing in coffee is the last thing you’d find in the Radsch empire, where citizens are so indifferent to gender that men and women act and dress alike and are often hard to distinguish, especially for an AI like Breq. The Radsch language also makes no distinction between men and women, a fact that’s reflected in the text by the decision to use the pronouns “she” and “her” for every character regardless of gender. The fact that readers will never really know the genders of most of the major characters has created an interesting challenge for fan artists, who have to rely on personal impressions when it comes to depicting the characters.
This also makes the book a bit of a Rorschach test for readers, who sometimes form strong opinions about the gender of different characters and become convinced that their guesses have been confirmed by the text. Mostly they’re wrong.
“I’ve been surprised at the number of people who were really angry that I tried to convey gender neutrality by using a gendered pronoun. Even if it was ‘she,’ which undercuts a masculine default, they feel as though it would have been much better if I had used an honest-to-goodness gender-neutral pronoun, and that would have conveyed it better. People have also been feeling angry that the male characters in the story are persistently mis-gendered, because they’re continually referred to as ‘she.’ I understand where that’s coming from, and it certainly wasn’t my intention to make anybody feel like they were being maliciously mis-gendered, and in some ways I share the frustration of folks about the third person neutral pronouns. I wish they were used more. … I think at the time I was working very strongly from an assumption … that in fact gender is a binary, and the implications of that do turn up in the text, and I know some people have pointed it out, and they’re right, it’s there, and had I been writing it now I probably would have handled those moments a little bit differently, but I think I would still have gone with ‘she,’ because I think it has a much stronger, more visceral effect.”
“It’s a common part of the narrative of the history of Christianity that it was ‘real’ religion that involved real spirituality and real faith, and that’s why it’s completely superseded the more pagan polytheistic practices. I grew up Roman Catholic in a majority Roman Catholic city, and it wasn’t until I was about college age that I discovered some of the attitudes people who aren’t Catholic have toward Roman Catholicism—that it’s pagan superstition which has been superseded by true religiousness. … I’m not Catholic anymore, I’m an atheist, but I find that really offensive and hateful. If you look at anybody’s religious beliefs and practices that aren’t yours, they seem kind of shallow, and they don’t make sense, and they don’t have any resonance. … It’s really easy to look back, particularly with the way we’re taught in school about Greek and Roman paganism, that they’re just these stories, and these stories ‘explain’ why there’s lightning or why there’s winter and why there’s spring, because otherwise they didn’t understand it, they were just so ignorant, right? I think a lot of ancient polytheistic religions worked very differently from the way that Christianity works, but I do not think they were any less important to the people who lived those religions.”
No matter what Trump does, there is an old tweet of his that applies (and is usually in direct opposition) to everything, especially when it comes to his predecessor, Barack Obama. There was the time the White House announced that visitor logs will not be made public (“Why does Obama believe he shouldn’t comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?”). Or when the Trump administration ordered an attack on Syria (“AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!”). Or when the president went on a 17-day vacation to play golf (“Can you believe that, with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf?”).
The temple is like a shrine nestled in a small cave like opening at the foot of a mountain. There is only a mark of a Sun and a Moon on the shrine believed to have been made by Lord Ram.
Their efforts, Grossman says, will help prove that neither Larrañaga nor any member of his coaching staff knew about an alleged payoff being potentially made to a prospect Miami was recruiting.
The choice of Adam McKay as director turned out to be brilliant. The question was how do you make a movie about the housing market, mortgage backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized debt swaps, and synthetic CDOs interesting for the average person. He succeeded beyond all expectations.
What makes the movie great are the characters, their motivations, their frustrations, their anger at a warped demented system, and ultimately their hollow victory when the entire edifice of fraud came crashing down on the heads of honest hard working Americans. The movie does not glorify the men that ended up making billions from the demise of the housing bubble. But it clearly defines the real bad guys.
Ultimately, it is a highly entertaining movie with the right moral overtone, despite non-stop profanity that captures the true nature of Wall Street traders. This is a dangerous movie for Wall Street, the government, and the establishment in general. They count on the complexity of Wall Street to confuse the average person and make their eyes glaze over. That makes it easier for them to keep committing fraud and harvesting the nation’s wealth.
New Zealand police reportedly made a procedural error and applied for the wrong kind of restraining order. As a consequence internet mogul Kim Dotcom, formally known as Kim Schmitz, was not afforded the opportunity to defend himself prior to the seizure of his assets eight weeks ago by the police.
#1 of 2: Donald Trump's indecent comments in 2005 (11 yrs ago) - were made when he was a Democrat. The hypocrisy of HilaryClinton to say.. — Susan Hutchison (@Susan_Hutch) October 8, 2016
SEATTLE -- Taking a partisan view of Donald Trump's lewd comments about women, Washington State Republican Party Chairman Susan Hutchison said Friday night that the GOP presidential nominee's "indecent comments in 2005 ... were made when he was a Democrat."
#1 of 2: Donald Trump's indecent comments in 2005 (11 yrs ago) - were made when he was a Democrat. The hypocrisy of HilaryClinton to say.. — Susan Hutchison (@Susan_Hutch) October 8, 2016
The father of Daron Wint, the man suspected of killing a Northwest D.C. couple, their young son, and their housekeeper, had been so frightened by threats his son made to shoot his own family that he sought a protective order barring the man from contacting them for a year.
“He stood in the street in front of the house and continued to threaten me and my wife,” wrote Mr. Wint’s father in a handwritten application for a protective order filed in Prince George’s County District Court. “Threats were to be on the lookout for him, I should have made the officer pat him and they would have found what he had under his clothing for me.”
It has been over a decade since the peak of house prices in the US was attained, and while there has been a concerted regulatory response to the subsequent collapse, the two Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) remain in conservatorship. While this action served to forestall a deeper crisis at the time, over the past several years risks related to the system of mortgage finance can be seen building across several dimensions that need to be addressed. While reforms to the GSEs are an important part of dealing with these concerns, this paper argues that broader changes need to be made across the entire mortgage landscape to stabilize the system, even before the final state of the GSEs is fully determined.
“The Commerce Department is cracking down on these skimmers to protect Minnesota consumers against identity theft and fraud,” Rothman said in a statement. “We are working to make sure the state’s gas pumps are secure and customers’ credit and debit card information is safe.”
It was one of many ads that John Geer, a Vanderbilt University political scientist, and I showed to panels of people throughout the campaign. We ran a weekly experiment called SpotCheck in which we randomly assigned a representative sample of 1,000 people to see one of two campaign ads. We evaluated the ads’ persuasive effects and asked people to evaluate the ads on such criteria as whether the ad made them happy, hopeful, angry or worried.
By far, Mr. Sanders’s “America” was the ad from 2016 that made SpotCheck’s raters the happiest and the most hopeful. Nearly 80 percent of viewers said the ad made them at least a little bit happy and hopeful in the week it debuted — including over half of the Republicans who saw it.
We paired the ad with a spot from Hillary Clinton called “All the Good,” which also tested well. It featured the commanding voice of Morgan Freeman and a moving string soundtrack, yet only half the raters said this ad made them happy and hopeful.
“…guess how those are made, guess who makes them?” Stewart said asking an audience member to pull out a phone. “’Oh yeah, but that’s … ‘ What, what is it? It’s not different, we all do that. All of our shit stinks and getting beyond that takes incredible work.”
Urrutia obtained his work visa and made it out of Haiti. I’m told that he’s in Miami and will take his physical before reporting to the Orioles’ minor league complex at Twin Lakes Park in Sarasota.
So hang on, snoopy. You can minimize the damage both to your own conscience and to your relationship by following our three rules of digital snooping. (They're completely made up, but this is a netiquette column so we get to do that -- deal with it.)
The second you make a move to read the rest of the text or scroll to see more of the illicit e-mail, you've gone from the snooping equivalent of manslaughter to murder. No matter how intensely your curiosity was piqued, no matter how tantalizing the first few words are -- it's a dark road and a slippery slope and all sorts of metaphorical directions you'd best avoid.
What's making you feel all squirmy? Are you bothered by the fact that you saw something that wasn't meant for you, or by the content of what you saw? If it's the former, hats off to you for having a superhuman guilt reflex; there's no reason to tell your friend you saw that embarrassing follow-up e-mail from her gynecologist, so get over it, even if 'fessing up would make you feel better.
This, however, is not the prime purpose of the exercise. I was looking for an excuse to try some direct hardware projects with the GPIO, and I remembered I had a couple of Nokia-style surplus LCDs lying about that could be pressed into service. These LCDs aren’t great: 84×48 pixels, 3V3 logic, driven by SPI via an 8-pin header which includes PWM-controllable LED backlighting. They are cheap, and available almost everywhere: DealExtreme ($5.36), SparkFun ($9.95), Adafruit ($10 – but includes a level shifter, which you really need if you’re using a 5V logic Arduino), Solarbotics ($10) and Creatron (about $12; but you can walk right in and buy one). Despite being quite difficult to use, helpful people have written drivers to make these behave like tiny dot-addressable screens.
I’d been following the discussion on the Raspberry Pi forum about driving the Nokia LCD from a Raspberry Pi. Only when user bgreat posted some compact code that was supposed to run really fast did I dig out the LCD board and jumper wires. Building on bgreat’s nokiaSPI.py class and a few other bits of code, here’s what I built to make this singularly pointless clock:
#!/usr/bin/python # -*- coding: utf-8 -*- # qrclock - The Quite Rubbish Clock for Raspberry Pi - scruss, 2013-01-19 import time # need to use git://github.com/mozillazg/python-qrcode.git import qrcode from PIL import Image import ImageOps # uses bgreat's SPI code; see # raspberrypi.org/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=32&t=9814&p=262274&hilit=nokia#p261925 import nokiaSPI noki = nokiaSPI.NokiaSPI() # create display device qr = qrcode.QRCode(version=1, # V.1 QR Code: 21x21 px error_correction=qrcode.constants.ERROR_CORRECT_M, box_size=2, border=1) bg = Image.new('1', (84, 48)) # blank (black) image background while 1: qr.clear() newbg = bg.copy() # copy blank background s = time.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S') qr.add_data(s) # make QR Code of YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS qr.make() qrim = qr.make_image() # convert qrcode object to PIL image qrim = qrim.convert('L') # make greyscale qrim = ImageOps.invert(qrim) # invert colours: B->W and W->B qrim = qrim.convert('1') # convert back to 1-bit newbg.paste(qrim, (18, 0)) # paste QR Code into blank background noki.show_image(newbg) # display code on LCD time.sleep(0.4) # pause before next display
Finding a library that provided all the right functions was the hardest part here. I ended up using mozillazg‘s fork of lincolnloop‘s python-qrcode module. mozillazg’s fork lets you use most of the lovely PIL methods, while the original hides most of them. Since I had to do some image compositing and colour remapping to make the image appear correct on the Nokia screen, the new fork was very helpful.
(Do I really need to say that you’ll be messing around with the inner delicate bits of your Raspberry Pi here, and if you do something wrong, you could end up with a dead Raspberry Pi? No? Okay. Just make sure you take some static precautions and you really should have the thing shut down and powered off.)
You’ll need 8 female-female jumper wires, and also some kind of pin header soldered in (I used right-angled ones). Note that the thick border of the LCD is the top of the screen. These boards are made who-knows-where by who-knows-whom, and there’s a huge variety of labels and layouts on the pins. My one appears to be yet another variant, and is labelled:
There are at least a half dozen genuine stars one could pick out from the defending champions, names like Pio Tuwai and Samisoni Viriviri, but the man who stole the show in Tokyo was the Navy representative from Kadavu. With captain Osea Kolinisau occupying the flyhalf position, Mulevoro has had to fight off the quicksilver Waisea Nacuqu for the scrumhalf spot. Blessed with lightning acceleration and dancing feet that would make his illustrious predecessors proud, don’t be surprised to see him shine again at So Kon Po.
In the fall of 1970, the company announced that researchers Robert D. Maurer, Donald Keck, Peter C. Schultz, and Frank Zimar had demonstrated an optical fiber with a low optical attenuation of 17 dB per kilometer by doping silica glass with titanium.[16] A few years later they produced a fiber with only 4 dB/km, using germanium oxide as the core dopant. Such low attenuations made fiber optics practical for telecommunications and networking. Corning became the world's leading manufacturer of optical fiber.
In 1977, considerable attention was given to Corning's Z Glass project. Z Glass was a product used in television picture tubes. Due to a number of factors, the exact nature of which are subject to dispute, this project was considered a steep loss in profit and productivity. The following year the project made a partial recovery. This incident has been cited as a case study by the Harvard School of Business.[17]
Bob Bakish, CEO of Viacom, which includes networks like Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, MTV and the soon-to-launch Paramount Network, says signing on with a streaming service may increase viewers, but won’t always make economic sense.
“If you think about all these guys that have launched they’re all essentially the same,” said Bakish. “What I mean by that is they’re all about 40 bucks. They’re all based on broadcast and sports. And if you talk to the CEOs of any of them, they’ll tell you the same thing, which is we can’t make any money, which is probably code for we’re losing money on a variable basis.”
Meanwhile, this journey of discovery is juxtaposed with Finch and Crane’s mad dash to find Alice. Adding to the desperation of the search is their attempt to make sense of the evening’s brutal violence. Throw in a meeting between Finch and Marigold–along with Crane alluding to an even more improbable upcoming alliance–and you’ve got a couple of riveting plot lines to follow.
And as if all that weren’t enough, the issue’s coda brings a major character back into the fold in a very big way. Admittedly, I wanted to scream at Williamson when he cut away from the Warren/Alice revelations, but the final page more than made up for it.
There’s not a whole lot of action for Henderson to draw this issue, but Williamson’s great dialogue and carefully rationed revelations more than make up for it. ‘Bound by Blood’ is turning out to be a perfect example of why Nailbiter is one of the best comics being published right now.
- Big Lake High School has made an amendment to its policy over the display of guns in yearbook photos, and the Big Lake Trap Team photo will now be included.
The team, coaches, parents and community members said the guns are a piece of sporting equipment – do different from a baseball bat – and should be part of the photo. The issue was expected to be raised by parents during a school board meeting Thursday night, but Thursday morning the school made an exception for the trap team and will allow the photo.
We encouraged the public to follow the process when a request is being made to review a rule or policy. As always, we appreciate feedback and comments from the public.
Last year, Tsipras made several trips to the US and other European countries to meet with representatives of the EU, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and various governments. Each time, he assured his hosts they had nothing to fear from a SYRIZA government. On the contrary, Tsipras claimed, a government under his leadership would bring more stability to the country.
did unlawfully, knowingly, willfully, and feloniously transport in interstate commerce from the town of Claremore in the State of Oklahoma to the town of Siloam Springs in the State of Arkansas a certain firearm, to-wit, a double barrel 12-gauge Stevens shotgun having a barrel less than 18 inches in length, bearing identification number 76230, said defendants, at the time of so transporting said firearm in interstate commerce as aforesaid, not having registered said firearm as required by Section 1132d of Title 26, United States Code (Act of June 26, 1934, c. 737, Sec. 4 [§ 5], 48 Stat. 1237), and not having in their possession a stamp-affixed written order for said firearm as provided by Section 1132c, Title 2, United States Code (June 26, 1934, c. 737, Sec. 4, 48 Stat. 1237) and the regulations issued under authority of the said Act of Congress known as the "National Firearms Act," approved June 26, 1934, contrary to the form of the statute in such case made and provided, and against the peace and dignity of the United States. [n1] [p176]
Every officer and soldier shall appear at his respective muster-field on the day appointed, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, armed, equipped, and accoutred, as follows: . . . every non-commissioned officer and private with a good, clean musket carrying an ounce ball, and three feet eight inches long in the barrel, with a good bayonet and iron ramrod well fitted thereto, a cartridge box properly made, to contain and secure twenty cartridges fitted to his musket, a good knapsack and canteen, and moreover, each non-commissioned officer and private shall have at every muster one pound of good [p182] powder, and four pounds of lead, including twenty blind cartridges, and each serjeant shall have a pair of moulds fit to cast balls for their respective companies, to be purchased by the commanding officer out of the monies arising on delinquencies. Provided, That the militia of the counties westward of the Blue Ridge, and the counties below adjoining thereto, shall not be obliged to be armed with muskets, but may have good rifles with proper accoutrements, in lieu thereof. And every of the said officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, shall constantly keep the aforesaid arms, accoutrements, and ammunition ready to be produced whenever called for by his commanding officer. If any private shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the court hereafter to be appointed for trying delinquencies under this act that he is so poor that he cannot purchase the arms herein required, such court shall cause them to be purchased out of the money arising from delinquents.
Slowey made his big league debut in 2007, tossing 66.2 innings with 6.35 K/9, 1.49 BB/9, and a 4.78 xFIP. He owned one of the five lowest ground ball rates among pitchers with 60+ IP, at 28.9 percent. Converesely, the low number of grounders led to lots of round trippers — Slowey gave up 2.16 HR/9. The prospect often compared to Brad Radke had a higher-than usual home run per fly ball rate (13.3 percent), but with so few grounders and ample fly balls hit, homers figured to be a big problem for Slowey if hitters continued to loft the ball so often.
This needs to be rectified. There are many topics of discussion that this article could be referring to with the above statements, but we’re going to start with something as simple as hair colour. I have never understood dress code rules and regulations regarding hair colour. They make zero sense. Hair colour does nothing to deter or take away from work performance. The only excuse I have ever heard is that it’s ‘distracting’. You know who it distracts? 3 year olds…but even then they move on once you sate their curiosity.
Got a cool 2.4 million dollars sitting around and a love for 80’s movies? The home made famous by a crashing Ferarri and Cameron’s refusal to give into his father any more is currently on the market.
In 2008 John and Edward formed a duo and the following year they auditioned in Glasgow as a group for the sixth series of The X Factor, under the name John & Edward.[11][12] Despite being described by judge Simon Cowell as "not very good and incredibly annoying", John & Edward were put through to bootcamp, then made it to judges' houses, where Louis Walsh selected them for the live shows.[13] The twins' inclusion in the final 12 was a controversial decision, due to their lack of experience,[14] but Walsh stood by them, saying "I don't know how people can hate two nice young kids from Ireland. They've been edited really badly and come across as the people everyone loves to hate... but they're just raw, naïve and innocent and they have the potential to be really good."[15] John & Edward became known for their unpolished but enthusiastic performances,[16] famously including a version of Britney Spears' "Oops!... I Did It Again", during which they reenacted the Titanic monologue.[17] After their departure from The X Factor, Jedward were signed to Modest! Management, however it was later announced that Louis Walsh had reached "an amicable agreement", which allowed him to take the twins on.[18]
Jedward's next single "Bad Behaviour" was released in July and reached number one in the Irish charts.[29] This was followed two weeks later by their second album Victory, consisting entirely of original tracks. A new version of Planet Jedward was released by the German branch of Universal Music in July, featuring a mix of tracks from Planet Jedward and new songs from Victory.[30] On 31 July, the twins began the first leg of their third tour, The Carnival Tour, with 12 shows across Ireland and Northern Ireland.[31] In September Jedward played their first European tour, with dates in Sweden and Germany,[32] followed by a UK tour.[33] Three days after the first leg finished, Jedward entered the Celebrity Big Brother 8 house. They made it to the final, eventually finishing in third place. The third single from Victory, "Wow Oh Wow" was released in August 2011, with a music video featuring their Celebrity Big Brother housemate Tara Reid. In December, Jedward starred in the pantomime Jedward and the Beanstalk, a musical comedy version of the fairytale Jack and the Beanstalk.
In June they ran as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay in Dublin on day 19 of the relay.[39][40] The twins starred in their own TV series Jedward's Weird Wild World on UK TV channel 5*, with John and Edward humorously presenting a selection of popular internet videos.[41] Over the Christmas and New Year period RTÉ broadcast the second series of their show OMG! Jedward's Dream Factory,[42] and the second season of their BBC series Jedward's Big Adventure screened in early 2013.[43] Over the festive season, Jedward starred in their third annual pantomime, Jedward & the Magic Lamp.[44] In January 2013, the twins made a promotional visit to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, appearing twice on MuchMusic's New Music Live show[45] and also made an appearance on Canada AM.[46] While in Toronto, Jedward also filmed a promotional video for the Young Love album track "Happens in the Dark" and previewed a clip from the video on New Music Live.[47] Later in the month, it was announced that Jedward's three-album contract with Universal Music Ireland would not be renewed.[48]
The music video for "Happens in the Dark" was premiered on Much Music in March, with the video having been shot in Toronto earlier in the year.[49] In April the twins filmed a video for the song "What's Your Number?" in New York City.[50] Later in the month they made a promotional visit to Australia, including radio and television appearances.[51] In June, Jedward joined the line-up of A Night for Christy, a gala concert in aid of Aslan frontman Christy Dignam. The twins performed Aslan's song "She's So Beautiful" with the band.[52] In July the twins performed live shows in Cork and Limerick, with a UK live tour scheduled for September.[53][54] In November the twins toured Australia, with performances in Perth, Melbourne and Sydney. While in Australia they also released the music video for Young Love album track "Can't Forget You".[55]
In January 2014, the third series of their CBBC television programme Jedward's Big Adventure was broadcast. Due to its popularity, the series run was doubled to 10 episodes.[56] They also provided weekly style commentary of the contestants in Sweden's Melodifestivalen competition and made a guest performance at the Melodifestivalen Second Chance show in early March.[57] In April 2014, Jedward debuted their new single "Free Spirit" on Australian radio station KIIS 106.5. This was followed by news of the duo's fourth studio album to be released later in the year. The album will contain songs written and produced by Jedward.[58] The duo's follow-up single "Ferocious" was released in November 2014, charting at No.15 on the Irish singles chart.[59] In November 2014 it was announced that John and Edward would be joining the cast of ITV's new circus reality show Get Your Act Together in 2015.[60]
Jedward have been involved with many advertising campaigns in the UK and Ireland. In 2009, agreed to be the subject of a Tourism Ireland radio campaign, which made a tongue-in-cheek apology to the UK for Jedward's antics on The X Factor.[71] In 2010, Jedward fronted an advertising campaign for Irish fast food chain Abrakebabra.[72] Jedward have also fronted advertising campaigns for East Midlands Trains,[73] Rowntree's Randoms,[74] Disney Universe[75] and a Travel Supermarket commercial with comedian Omid Djalili. The latter was later banned after the UK Advertising Standards Authority ruled that the advert was misleading.[76] In 2011, they fronted an advertising campaign for mobile network 3 Ireland, including their own Jedward-branded mobile phone.[77]
Sarkeesian asserted that Gamergate is an extension of this same mob mentality and that it works to maintain the status quo of games being made primarily for men. She then compared the exclusion of women in gaming to the common stigma within gaming that certain games are not played by “true gamers.”
Fifth, Sarkeesian noted that women in games are overwhelmingly white, and that when women of color are depicted, it is usually through a lens of sexualized racism that caricatures these characters as “savage” or “untamable.” She pointed to “Never Alone,” a game made by an Alaskan indigenous community about their own culture, as a notable exception to this trope.
When I think back to my first days in Georgia, as a foreigner and not having much of an idea about the culture, identity or indeed, language of the former soviet republic, it makes me smile. Not simply because they are fond memories, but because the identity of that person eludes me. I don’t really recognise her anymore. This, if memory serves, was back in 2014. Personal ties took me, quite happily so, to the country. I remember it vividly. I instantly fell in love with Tbilisi, coming from London, I had never seen such contrast before. Yet, one prominent memory will always stay with me. Looking out of the window of a cab from Tbilisi airport to Didube, with a jaw-dropping type expression on my face, trying to avidly comprehend how people could actually understand the Georgian alphabet, and pronounce letters that, to my naive ears, sounded incomprehensible. I’m not going to bore you with anything other than my quest to learn the language, for fear of rambling on. Suffice to say, my initial trip took me to three Georgian cities, all in stark contrast to the other. Tbilisi, Batumi and, rather significantly, Zugdidi. I had already brushed up on my Russian before arriving, as I knew that English, at least outside of the capital, was not widely spoken.
Nevertheless a restructure is absolutely not ‘an end in itself’, stressed Sir Jonathan, but simply a vehicle through which to make care better.
“We want to stay focused to make sure that we get the network on the air to the entire market as quickly as possible. There are logistics involved. We’ve got to get with the Root Sports folks, but there is a clear path. We appreciate the judge for that path and it’s a great day for Rockets fans, Astros fans and sports fans in Houston.”
(I should pause at this point to stress that -- unlike most of the crap I write -- the following interview is an actual, real thing that happened. Not just something I made up. FYI.)
Running used to feel like a chore. The day I truly became a runner was the day that I realized that being sedentary now felt like a chore. Running makes me feel relaxed, healthy, and great. Not running makes me feel like a bloated pile of uninspired, forgettable crap. Being a bloated pile of forgettable crap is more of a chore for me now than just putting my running shoes on and sweating for 20 minutes.
We've all got loudspeakers in our heads that are constantly shouting fears, worries, and doubts at us. Running, at least for me, turns the volume on that loudspeaker way down. It's my way of saying "Hey brain, shut the f**k up for a half-hour. I'm taking a little vacation from you." It makes terrible thoughts seem trivial, albeit temporarily. I don't know if it's just the endorphins doing the work on that one, but if so it's a drug-addiction I fully endorse.
I just make it up as I go along, mostly. I know the importance of having a training plan but I just tend to do my own thing.
According to statistics presented by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel (PCATI) based on hundreds of prison visits, there were 66 alleged acts of torture or abuse in the second half of 2014, up from 19 alleged acts in the first half of the year.PCATI did not distinguish between acts of torture and acts of abuse. It generally takes the position that it is simply fighting all deviant interrogation practices.What is considered illegal torture or abuse versus, sometimes permitted under Israeli law, “moderate physical pressure,” is hotly debated both domestically and globally, with international law often giving few specifics.“Moderate physical pressure” is a synonym for enhanced interrogation or pressure short of what the High Court of Justice would forbid as torture, and has been permitted for the sake of stopping a “ticking bomb” terrorist attack since a 1999 court decision – which also prohibited anything more than moderate pressure.Of the 85 alleged acts for 2014, PCATI said that 48 complaints were submitted “to various investigatory powers,” including the Justice Ministry.The 48 complaints themselves involve fewer than 48 Palestinians as some of them submitted multiple complaints.Breaking down the 48 complaints: 23 were filed against the Shin Bet, 14 against the IDF, nine against the police or border police and two against the Prisons Service.Since June 2014, 18 complaints claimed their interrogators used the “frog” or “banana” (contorted) positions against them, 19 complained of sleep deprivation, 12 of beatings during interrogation, eight of sexual harassment or assault during the interrogation, seven of physical violence during arrest and two of being physically shaken against High Court dictates.PCATI said that the use of the “frog” and “banana” positions were most noteworthy since these methods had been used only 10 times in the prior four years.No specifics were provided regarding the individual cases that made up the basis of the statistics, though some information is protected under gag order.On March 3, 2014, the state attorney confirmed to the High Court that the Shin Bet does currently use moderate physical pressure in a small number of ticking bomb cases.On June 18, 2014 multiple media reports said that a senior military source had told them that the Shin Bet was using moderate physical pressure on certain Hamas agents to get operational information for finding the kidnappers of three murdered Jewish teens, whose kidnapping brought about Operation Brothers’ Keeper.The military source also said that the Shin Bet had gotten special approval for using enhanced interrogation from Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.A number of harsher and controversial tactics have been employed by the state in responding to increased security challenges since June 2014, such as house demolitions, though unlike torture, house demolitions were never forbidden by the High Court.The Justice Ministry at the time referred all question to the Shin Bet.The Jerusalem Post investigated the reports at the time, and each media source stood by the story, while security officials neither confirmed nor denied the statement, other than that the Shin Bet said that it neither asked for nor needs prior approval to undertake interrogations.If true, the new PCATI statistics would confirm the June reports.However, without assessing individual cases regarding each complaint’s veracity and whether, if moderate physical pressure was used, the Shin Bet would have a necessity defense for having tried to prevent a “ticking bomb” attack, it is impossible to know whether the complaints could legally carry criminal charges.PCATI director Ishai Menuchin said, “some of the torture methods that were used are in full violation of High Court decisions... including giving advance approval for torture.”He said that at least three detainees had been told by their interrogators that their torture had been approved by the attorney- general or other officials – which he called illegal.Menuchin added that some detainees were allegedly tortured only after having been in administrative detention for some time, such that he questioned how they could provide updated and current information to help stop a ticking bomb attack.The IDF, police and Prisons Service said that they could not respond without information about the specific allegations.The Shin Bet did say, however, that it “acts solely within the law and is open to both internal and external oversight and criticism, including the state comptroller, the state attorney, the attorney-general, the Knesset and the courts.”It continued, “Shin Bet detainees receive their full humanitarian rights that they are entitled to under the law, including: medical attention, meetings with lawyers and ICRC visits.”Further, the Shin Bet stated, “every detainee complaint is passed on directly and immediately to the Justice Ministry’s head Shin Bet investigator, and handled by her.”The statement concluded, “all decisions regarding handling of the complaints and taking follow- up actions regarding them, on the basis of reviews, are decided by the Justice Ministry.”Of around 1,000 similar complaints filed since 2001, not a single criminal investigation has been opened to date, leading the Justice Ministry to take over investigations of complaints of torture against the Shin Bet in June 2013.The new Justice Ministry division, which became fully operational in 2014, has sped up processing of complaints, but the jury is still out on whether it will be viewed as handling complaints better than the Shin Bet did.Yaakov Lappin and Ben Hartman contributed to this report.
Peter decides to make his stand in Shanghai and sets plans in place in case things don’t go in his favor. When Doc Ock shows up and Peter uses his Spider vehicles to try and take him down, Peter learns that Doc Ock has hacked all his vehicles and has complete control over them.
The team splits up and makes their stand against the Hydra forces after they retrieve the weapons that Hawkeye knows that Nick Fury has stashed away.
He experienced a succession of episodes during which he vividly encountered the rich and disturbing fantasies of his unconscious. He made a record of what he saw when he descended into this underworld, a record published in 2009 as The Red Book. It is like an illuminated manuscript, a cross between Carroll's Alice in Wonderland and Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell.
Renovations to the structure began last fall, but Buckles, with his health already failing, could not make a trip to Washington to review the improvements. The National Park Service is overseeing efforts that include replacing a neglected walkway and dressing up a deteriorated dome and marble columns.
Buckles' family asks that donations be made to the National World War I Legacy Project to honor Frank Buckles and the 4,734,991 Americans with whom he served.
I’ve seen plenty of online commentators make the comparison with hordes of straight women flooding into gay bars and clubs, making the occasional vodka-induced crotch-grab on a passing Muscle Mary, but I’m not going down that route. Yes that’s equally wrong and equally fucking annoying, but I do think Akili is spot on when he points out that this issue exists and highlights a male sense of ownership of women’s bodies, regardless of sexuality.
The part of the article which baffles and confuses me most is the leap Akili then makes from discussing the grabbing of breasts and the inherent misogyny therein to classifying gay men’s “diva worship” and “celebrating women” as “objectification, assault and dehumanisation”. It’s a frankly insulting and entirely unfounded assertion, and it really does come out of left field. If you grope a woman in a club or feel you have the Gucci-given right to tell her how she should look, then you’re a douchebag and you’re a dehumanising misogynist. But to go from that to asserting that when a gay man idolises or celebrates a woman, or group of women, he is objectifying them – there’s no basis for such a claim and it’s almost offensive. To leap from your own personal, limited experience and make sweeping and damning claims about an entire group of people…well it definitely doesn’t sit too comfortably with me.
"Indian Muslims have made people like Aurangzeb their heroes. That's why Saif Ali Khan has named his son Taimur. His wife says my husband is a historian. Is this what they got in history?" Fatah asked.
"But this phenomenon plagues all Indians. Even Hindus who have made money take fancy names. So Namrita becomes Nikki Haley and Piyush becomes Bobby Jindal. They are all liars," Fatah said.
O’Neil: I didn’t expect to come out with so many new friends. My entire summer has just kind of been filled with crew members and AD people and my stunt double. It’s cool. I’ve created this new posse in Toronto and besides learning a whole ton and learning a different way to tell a story, I’ve made so many new friends. Like, life-long ones, you know?
Jodelle, I know you’re a big fan of Doctor Who. There’s a great “technobabble” line uttered by the third Doctor when he says, “reverse the polarity of the neutron flow.” It became a kind of catchphrase in its day. Back in episode 10 when you were wiring up the android to open the vault door you said, “If I don’t adjust the inverter to minimize harmonic distortion we’ll get pulsating torque and the whole thing will fry.” Am I the only one who made this association? Because when I heard it I thought, “She’s got her Doctor Who moment here!”
Ferland: You know what? I didn’t even think of that, but I’m so glad you mentioned it because that makes me really happy. I love my Doctor Who references even if it was by accident!
President Obama has made it a priority to choose federal judges who are diverse in terms of race or gender. But for the most part, he's avoided controversy for those lifetime appointments.
White has already made history, in more ways than one. The Democratic lawyer served three terms in the Missouri House of Representatives. He became the first African-American to sit on the state Supreme Court, sworn in at a courthouse where slaves were once sold on the steps. And 14 years ago, White suffered a rare defeat on the U.S. Senate floor in his bid to become a federal judge.
For President Obama, who's made diversifying the bench a top priority, that may be reason enough to revisit the case of Ronnie White.
They are raking in tens of thousands of pounds from operations while inside jails. With a captive market, they can charge fellow inmates more for drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine than they can sell them for on the outside. In some cases, heroin is 10 times dearer inside prisons than out on the streets. Dealers are deliberately setting out to get caught for ­relatively minor offences they know will result in a three-month jail term. Having already set up bank accounts, they smuggle mobile phones into the prison. Drug-using inmates then call friends and relatives with the account details so they can make cash deposits into the dealer’s bank.
The dealer is able to use either phone or internet banking via the smuggled mobile to check the money has been deposited. Once it is in his account, a drug drop is arranged. A source released from Hull Prison last week told the Daily Express that dealers boast about making more than £20,000 during three months in jail. The 37-year-old former burglar said: “The dealers are laughing at the prison officers because they say they can make more in just a couple of weeks than they earn in a whole year.
Officials in Bamako make no secret of their shock at what one Western diplomat called the “robustness” of the rebel incursion.
Hollande said France decided to go ahead with Euro 2016 despite two waves of attacks last year, and make it a 'festival for people and for sports.'
A few minutes later, the shadow people dance again. Smith didn't make many bad decisions in his first innings of 127 overs, or even when he was in the field for 210 overs. But this one is bad, and Australia have spent all tour doing the right thing.
Australia have made a collection of decisions so far in this series. It started when S Sriram went from a development coach into the change room for this tour. He coached the batsmen on how to survive, and at times thrive, in India. But perhaps his greatest work was making Steve O'Keefe believe in himself. It was playing inside the line as Sriram had suggested and his constant mentoring of O'Keefe meant the weakest team to tour India, according to Harbhajan Singh, won a Test with a spinner who was fourth best , according to Shane Warne.
India crawled past them, but no matter how good Cheteshwar Pujara looked, or how well Wriddhiman Saha timed the ball, Smith refused to concede a single run. Pujara made a double-hundred that was essentially a three-day arm wrestle with Smith's fields. They let him stay in; they rarely let him score. They were tired, and never looked like getting a wicket, but they never rolled over, they never let India score. If India was going to score, it was going to be out of the footholes or with significant risk.
What makes this series more remarkable is that this isn't a great time for Australian cricket. It's hard to praise the selectors too much, when part of their plan was replacing Peter Nevill with Matthew Wade as wicketkeeper. Wade has averaged less with the bat since coming back into the team than Nevill did when he was axed. And it was Wade's drop that ultimately cost them a chance of winning this Test.
But there was some method to their madness. Australian selections are still based on things like grit, youth, and aesthetic wonders that are apparently natural talent. However, when they turned their team around after the debacle in Hobart, they made three interesting calls with their batting. They went for a young kid who would become a star, the guy with the best recent first-class record, and the most naturally talented player they had.
They continued to make big calls for this tour. At times it seemed like almost everyone did not rate Shaun Marsh outside of people who know his father, Western Australians, and Australian selectors. There is sometimes an overlap in those categories.
Marsh is not a great batsman. If he was, with all the advantages he has had, he would have played a lot more than 22 Tests by the age of 33. He certainly would have averaged a hell of a lot more than 40 in first-class cricket and he would have averaged over 40 in more than one country. It just so happened that one country was Sri Lanka, and he also has a huge average in the IPL. So it made sense to see him as an Asian specialist.
The thing is, unlike in Bengaluru, Marsh had some help in Ranchi. Peter Handscomb has made three hundreds in each of the last three Sheffield Shield seasons. He played IPL and county cricket, and for someone still pretty young, he is a well-rounded and experienced. But he's also weird. That's okay if you're chosen as a kid on a whim because you have something special about you. When you're 25, and you've never played for Australia, and your batting technique looks like a drunk guy trying to imitate Steve Smith, getting into the Australian team is not a sure thing.
For the rest of the day, the two played so incredibly smart. Marsh made sure to get outside the line, Handscomb took 13 runs off a poor over from Ashwin, so India would have to take him off and change their plans. They looked for runs, turned the strike over when it suited them, and played the kind of cricket Australians don't play in India that often.
When Handscomb knocked a ball gently through the covers, the shadows went to collect it, but Handscomb stood still. He could have run, but if he did there was a chance that Wade would have to face Jadeja out of the rough, so he refused the runs. While it probably wouldn't have mattered much - the game was drawn shortly after - Hanscomb had made another sensible decision.
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
Make your wishlist before the big day. Go to stores and analyze those products to be sure about their quality and their features. Check the store policies and be sure that you can return a product if you don’t like it or it doesn’t fit you. Then wait to attack the sales from the comfort of your home. Focus on mobile apps. A recent study published by Apptentive shows that 88% of consumers use retail mobile apps. This makes sense because apps are more customized and user friendly and they know what you are looking for before you press any button. Trust the evolution of technology and forget about the tiring mornings when you were waiting for stores to open their doors and after that you were struggling to reach other promotions. That’s history. Show your fidelity for some brands. Many companies offer special promotions for loyal customers who use frequently their app. Opt for receiving push notifications and wait for those messages that will announce top sales for your favorite products. If you still like to go to some specific stores for Black Friday choose those apps that can help you find the best route to get there or other apps that allow you to compare very fast, prices and characteristics of products. Test them before to be sure that they do what you want. Be careful for the shipping fee. There are a lot of retailers that offer free shipping. These benefits make you save time and money, which is the main target of using your mobile devices for Black Friday.
Update your application. Prepare your app for this “holiday” and offer your users an unforgettable experience. Let images and layouts to tell the story of this event and don’t forget that your app should fit perfectly for all types of devices. Don’t wait for the big day to arrive. Start now to change your app’s interface as a promise of professionalism to your users and allow them to imagine what will happen for Black Friday. Keep in mind that mobile purchases are expected to hit 20 billion in the next period, as Apptentive NO errors. It is great to change colors and images for this period but, this effort means nothing if your app will crush in that specific day. The time is limited and it is unacceptable to let users struggle to make their purchases or to view your offers. Should I say more? Test your app 100 times if need it to be sure that everything will go as planned. Implement easy payment methods. All what users want in that day is to complete as fast as possible a transaction and to move on to the next one. If they need to remember their card number and all the personal information they will abandon the shopping cart in an instance. Allow people to use any fast payment services like Apple Pay or Android Pay and everything will go faster. Messaging is the key. Use in – app messages and push notifications to announce your users about the improvements you made to your app and about the promotions for this occasion. It’s useless to make the best offers if nobody knows about them. Use deep linking. If you spread the word about the huge advantage of using your app during Black Friday, be sure that users won’t get lost inside your app in that rush and allow them to land on the same page where they can find the promotion they are looking for. Take advantages of mobile moments. This is the perfect period of the year not only for increasing your revenue, but for user acquisition and especially for user retention. Focus on attracting your customers offering an amazing experience overall and they will come back to your app after the Black Friday, too.
To be skilled in critical thinking is to be able to take one’s thinking apart systematically, to analyze each part, assess it for quality and then improve it. The first step in this process is understanding the parts of thinking, or elements of reasoning. These elements are: purpose, question, information, inference, assumption, point of view, concepts, and implications. They are present in the mind whenever we reason. To take command of our thinking, we need to formulate both our purpose and the question at issue clearly. We need to use information in our thinking that is both relevant to the question we are dealing with, and accurate. We need to make logical inferences based on sound assumptions. We need to understand our own point of view and fully consider other relevant viewpoints. We need to use concepts justifiably and follow out the implications of decisions we are considering. (For an elaboration of the Elements of Reasoning, see a Miniature Guide to the Foundations of Analytic Thinking.) In this article we focus on two of the elements of reasoning: inferences and assumptions. Learning to distinguish inferences from assumptions is an important intellectual skill. Many confuse the two elements. Let us begin with a review of the basic meanings: Inference: An inference is a step of the mind, an intellectual act by which one concludes that something is true in light of something else’s being true, or seeming to be true. If you come at me with a knife in your hand, I probably would infer that you mean to do me harm. Inferences can be accurate or inaccurate, logical or illogical, justified or unjustified.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
The more pressing question is whether the new RS4 will make it to the U.S. Hollerweger confirmed that it will launch as an Avant station wagon, saying, “that is what people expect from the RS4.” Based on past experience, that means Audi America is likely to deny it to us. But there is a glimmer of hope. “The U.S. is changing, and there is more demand there [for wagons], so maybe that will change,” Hollerweger said.
The English Channel in 6h 57min 20sec! Eric Defert and Pierre Yves Durand broke Yvan Bourgnon and Karine Baillet record. Eric Defert: “We had 25 knots of wind, reaching in 3 to 4 meters sea. We left at 8:26 am and arrived at 3:23pm! When we left for Plymouth wednesday, the forecast announced 15 knots, then in the next 48 hours, the prevision were for 20 + knots from the east. Since we were already in England, we decided to give a try. Our driver, in the ferry back to France, recorded wind up to 35 knots. It made for a strong sea. I think the record can be taken… Anybody?”
Sunday morning Eric Defert was in Brest for the inauguration of the “Port of Records”. Eric was able to see in own plate made in bronze of his hands after his previous successful Atlantic Crossing on a Class 40, single handed. – Laurent Apollon.
With cloud and big data in particular I think there’s a real danger in buying into the hype without understanding the implications. If you do that, it’s almost certain you will make bad decisions. With big data, the risk is that you find the answer you’re looking for –whatever it is. It’s a psychological fact that if you have a preconceived notion, data will help drive to that point of view. If you say, “What is impacting my sales growth…and by the way I think it’s poor product performance,” you’re magically going to get a lot of data coming in about poor product performance and it will validate that notion. This predictive bias often ends up being an organizational, structural, and mindset issue.
In the same way, you can’t decide to be a cloud-first organization without deciding what cloud first should mean for you. Does it mean Platform-as-a-Service or email? Does it mean development or delivery? If you don’t get into the right level of detail, you’re sending your teams into blood fights to battle for what they want, versus what the strategic direction is. Leaders need to take a more active role in getting into the details of what is meant by these strategic decisions. You don’t want to micromanage things, but at a very minimum you should be sending teams off to come back with the critical decisions that need to be made and have those discussions and make those decisions at the right levels. If the bosses are not aligned the employees will be wasting precious time fighting losing battles. Sometimes it’s easier not to have fights with your peers, but that just means you’re leaving it for your employees and that is simply cowardice. Forcing uncomfortable discussions about what a cloud or big data strategy means and then getting into the detail is often the better course to take.
Executives have to drill in to get agreement at the deeper levels. They have to make the hard decisions. If you’ve got three bosses that aren’t aligned, it’s patently unfair to expect their teams to get aligned. So if you have to have uncomfortable conversations, have them.
Eric (34) is the eldest brother with the highest education. He has his eye on increasing profits, improving customer service, and expanding the tow-truck fleet (currently at a whopping 3 trucks) in order to make a push into the huge Toronto market. Secretly, Eric’s come home after botching a transportation company merger in Saskatchewan.
Argentina's foreign minister pales at the thought that anyone would compare the country's current scandal with Argentina's dark past known as the "Dirty War." In his first in-depth U.S. television interview, Hector Timerman dismisses talk that the mysterious death of a prosecutor about to charge him and the country's president with serious crimes is anything like the "terrible" times three decades ago. Timerman speaks to Lesley Stahl about the death of Alberto Nisman and the charges he made before his untimely death in a 60 Minutes report to be broadcast Sunday, March 8 at 7 p.m. ET/PT. An excerpt from Timerman's interview will be broadcast tonight on the CBS Evening News.
Timerman says he will not speculate whether Nisman was murdered or killed himself, but denies the charges of the 51-year-old prosecutor. Nisman lay out his case in a 289-page report. He accused Timerman and Kirchner of seeking a trade deal with Iran in return for protecting the officials, a deal Timerman had secretly made with the Iranians. "Well, that's a lie. That's a total lie. I never said that. Nisman never showed any evidence that I said that," he tells Stahl. Furthermore, says Timerman, only a judge could rescind the standing order that Interpol detain the Iranian officials in question, which would have been part of any deal.
GOP Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Financial Services subcommittee on oversight and investigation, said the evidence presented made it difficult to believe the payment wasn't a ransom. He asked the witnesses if they could guarantee that the money will not fund terrorism. "I can't speak for every dollar that goes in and out of Iran, as you know," Backemeyer said.
But, since we are handed this lemon, let's make some lemonade, shall we? Let's go back to the golden days of early 1981, when the great sunshine of Amon-Ra Reagan had fallen upon the land, and some hostages came home—after which $12 billion in Iranian assets that Jimmy Carter had frozen suddenly were thawed. Six years later, he let them have $454 million more of their assets. There was a great unfreezing under the Reagan Administration.
"It doesn't make any sense to me," said Gartman. "If you go back over the course of the past many years, they move in contravention."
She has genes that make it easier for her to gain weight and harder to lose. She has recently started going to the gym, and I was trying to support and encourage her to go more consistently.
My question for you is: Was I wrong for not being sensitive to how women think? Should I have let it go if I considered it a smaller issue in our relationship? Would it have made a difference if I spoke to another woman to ask her thoughts beforehand on if and how I should bring this up with my girlfriend? Did I need to?
Cheryl Strayed: The Question of Weight, you sound like such a sweet and innocent and naive young man, and I think you made a big mistake. Indeed, you are supposed to love and accept her and find her beautiful just the way she is.
Lindy West: What comes through in this letter is that their relationship isn't "real" until she can fix herself. That's how I felt about myself; I needed to fix this problem that made me not a real woman and not worthy of the respect that every other human being deserves. Everything was on hold until I could make myself thin. There was just this really low-grade despair all the time, because the narrative that you're fed is that as a woman, your job is to be pretty and small — small physically and small in your presence. And then you wait for someone to pick you. I was always very aware that I didn't look like the kind of girl who got picked, and so I was sort of resigned to the fact that I would be alone.
HYDERABAD: Renowned historian Dr Mubarak Ali has criticised the syllabus being taught at educational institutions of the country and called for rewriting it to make it more realistic.
About pitfalls of writing fragmented history, he said, for instance people quoted examples of Quaid-i-Azam and Allama Iqbal without giving necessary details to enable youth to make their own opinions about them.
An unnamed mother has stirred up outrage on Facebook after she made brownies with breast milk for a school bake sale.
Glinert isn't interested in a classic incubator model, which he said were designed for businesspeople who want to create businesses. Instead, he wants to incubate games and the people who make them. He wants to create an environment where it's safe and sustainable to make games.
"It's no secret that all of indies talk to each other, right?" he said. "There's just been uncountable numbers of times when I've seen people failing with their project for just some stupid, avoidable problem. Maybe they just didn't have a little bit of money that they needed. Maybe they made a bad business decision. Maybe they didn't understand that it was time to iterate on their game. Maybe they didn't make the right connection, they didn't talk to the right person. Maybe they had some sort of healthcare issue.
He has "spreadsheet after spreadsheet after spreadsheet" which he thinks proves that the model can make money. And he's currently talking to investors to raise funds for the quasi-incubator that envisions.
In the gaming world, he said, the way it often works is that publishers look for good games to fund. But for Glinert, the goal will be different. The goal will be to find good developers, who will make good games. He believes it will work because he's seen it work in the studio he founded.
"We eat our own dog food. We are living it right now. We are currently working on four fucking games. We have lost our goddamn minds," he said with a laugh. "We're working on all these games in tandem. We're giving people huge amounts of creative control while they make the games. And we're pushing this forward as we speak."
That's Eitan Glinert's idea in a nut: Use the success of Fire Hose games to find and empower other developers to make great games. He doesn't have all the details yet — he's considering an interview process that doesn't even ask about games, at least for now — but he's working on it, and he's sure of a couple things. He wants the developers to stick around to make second, third and fourth games. But he also wants an escape lever built into the contract, so they can leave if and when they want to and their their intellectual property with them.
In its drive to acquire natural resources, China has been pursuing offshore oil exploration contracts in the politically unstable nation of SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe. In 2009, Chinese petroleum corporation Sinopec acquired Swiss company Addax which gave Beijing control over four oil blocs in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe-Nigeria joint development zone. The Sinopec purchase in the Gulf of Guinea made China the leading player in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe oil sector. Whether the islands will actually take off as a major oil producer is still unclear, though drilling is under way and commercial production is expected to begin within a few years.
The Sensoria sock made of a washable, synthetic wicking fabric will be available this spring from Heapsylon LLC, a Redmond, WA based technology company, Ceo Davide Vigiano said in a telephone interview. The company also manufactures a shirt and sports bra that use a sensor to record heart rate.
A second actor has now made a sexual harassment allegation towards Spacey.
A Meowth on 46th and 6th almost made me miss a historic night on Broadway, the last performance of Hamilton for star/creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, as well as Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. (Aaron Burr), Phillipa Soo (Eliza Hamilton), and ensemble member Ariana DeBose. I was blocks away from the Richard Rogers Theatre, with my head down, looking at my Pokémon Go screen, and out of nowhere, one of my favorite Pokémon shows up. I needed to get to the theater, because I knew the scene outside would be a biblical shit-show, but this was Meowth. So I turned and walked the opposite direction from the theater, in an attempt to catch it.
It was Mariska Hargitay, which made me want to take his phone and stomp it out for not knowing the Queen.
Before I went in, I saw Jane Fonda, Spike and Tonya Lewis Lee, Rosie O’Donnell, and many people who looked like Adam Levine but weren’t. By the time I made it to my seat, I’d already heard four people say versions of “We’re actually in the room where it’s happening,” a reference to the song “The Room Where It Happens,” in which Aaron Burr describes the envy of not being part of the power circle, in the room where the big decisions are made. Under any other conditions, moments like this would bring out a slight bit of eye-roll, but not tonight. The excitement was understood and it was clear no one was attempting to play it cool, which was oddly refreshing for New York City.
Some people were pajama rich, dressed down like they were going to the movies, others glammed out as though they’d just come from the Met Gala. The spectacle was real, and the lights were still on, with six or seven minutes until the show was set to begin. Apparently Jennifer Lopez was there, which certainly gave her the belt for “most famous person here.” But it made sense — she and Lin-Manuel recently made a song together, “Love Makes the World Go Around,” a tribute to those affected by Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub shooting.
What a weird thing Hamilton became, that it made sense for J.Lo to be in attendance. Unreal.
Okay, I now understood how painfully easy it was to make that annoying joke. It was embarrassing, but who cares.
Which made it comically difficult for Aaron Paul to get where he needed to go.
Because she was so woke. The woke god. But it made sense, there were groups in this country that helped build it, groups that were treated unfairly and not properly credited. And she wanted you to know that she knew that. God bless her.
“As far as LMP3, I don’t think it’s really an option based on outright performance. And if the LMPC car has a short lifecycle left, it doesn’t make sense to do a large, excessive update.”
While IMSA has yet to make a final decision on possible updates to the existing FLM09s, Brady feels the proposed changes, estimated to cost between $30,000-50,000 in total, would be a step forward for next year.
A final decision on what upgrades will be used in 2016 is expected to be made in the coming weeks, possibly during the Petit Le Mans weekend.
“We know a crash will happen despite all of our best efforts,” said Australian Bruce Corben, a consultant making a presentation to the conference Wednesday. “Humans do make intentional and unintentional mistakes. How do we design an intersection so that any crash has a very low chance of a severe outcome?”
The Hurricanes will make two appearances on ESPN's "Big Monday," hosting Duke and traveling to Notre Dame, and will make six other appearances on ESPN or ESPN2, including a road tilt at defending national champion North Carolina. The Hurricanes will also be showcased nationally on CBS when they host Syracuse.
The ACC sent a league-record nine teams to the NCAA Tournament last season, including Miami, which has made the tournament in three of the last five years. Miami posted a 7-2 home record in conference games last season.
The 15-round magazine limit would make Colorado the first state outside the East Coast to ratchet back gun rights after last year's deadly shooting sprees. Colorado's gun-control debates have been closely watched because of the state's gun-loving frontier heritage and painful history of mass shootings.
Valve, which operates on US West Coast time (eight hours behind UK time), is yet to make any announcement around Source 2, but it has been rumoured for some time.
What does it take to make the world’s finest barbell? Learn all about Eleiko on Episode 155 of Barbell Shrugged .
51 percent wanted to make better decisions based on their data
O’Leary revelled in a coarse, hectoring and hate-filled discourse that would make Donald Trump proud, and his primary targets were public servants; those, who according to Minister for Finance Michael Noonan in December 2013 as Ireland prepared to exit the bailout, are among “the real heroes and heroines” of Ireland’s austerity programme and who endured, in his words, “serious pay cuts”.
The U.S. position met with substantial resistance – for reasons that were never made clear — at the last quadrennial meeting of global regulators, WRC-15, which agreed only to create a study group to examine the issue in view to a decision at WRC-19. WRC-15 agreed to study future use of Ka-band for HAPS.
Until additional frequencies are made available, Thales Alenia Space’s Stratobus will limit itself to optical and radar Earth observation, said Jean-Philippe Chessel, head of the Stratobus project.
WASHINGTON -- A Tennessee state legislator has introduced a bill to make the Bible the official state book, after two other Southern states considered similar moves in recent months.
Then, something amazing happened—something that rocked my world and made me a different person. It brought me closer to God than I’d ever been before and gave me a stronger faith than I’d ever had;
The Constitutions of Oxford had made translating the Bible into English illegal, and both translations and their translators were being burned. Even so, Tyndale and his helpers pressed on in their goal, even to the point of Tyndale’s own death by burning at the stake. A Bible in English, from the original Hebrew and Greek, was the blood-wrought result. There would be others along the way (Coverdale, Matthew, Geneva, Great, Bishops, etc.), but none would so stand out or endure as his. In fact, in some ways, each of the runner-ups could be considered as mere revisions of Tyndale’s work. Truly, the splash made by Tyndale’s life and work rippled into almost every English translation to come after him.
“Truly (good Christian Reader) we never thought from the beginning, that we should need to make a new Translation, nor yet to make of a bad one a good one […] but to make a good one better, or out of many good ones, one principle good one…”
When choosing a translation today, not only do you have to make a choice between an older or newer original language text, you must also choose between different philosophies of translation. Where did these theories come from, and how to they work? To answer that, we must first consider two men who have had a major influence on how translations are done today.
In 1895 Adolf Deissmann changed the landscape of biblical studies significantly when he published his work Bible Studies . In some ways, what made his work so revolutionary were the presuppositions which had come before it. It had been common to think of the language of the NT as a unique language, above that of the mundane life. Some even spoke of “Holy Ghost Greek” in reference to the NT.
Functional equivalence recognizes that all translation is already interpretation and that for the modern reader to feel the impact the original readers felt when they read the original, the translators must find the meaning of the text and convey that meaning through the translation. Its goal is to represent the meaning of the original text in modern equivalents. In one sense, one might fairly say that the sentence becomes the translational unit in such a philosophy. The words and their order may be changed slightly into more modern equivalents so that they are smooth English. In another sense, that wouldn’t be true, since the goal is still to translate the words. However, if the language and grammar must be sacrificed to make the meaning clearer in natural English, the degree to which a translation is willing to make this sacrifice is the degree to which the translation has chosen functional over formal equivalence.
However, some have suggested that the choice to retain the text of the KJV but revise its language was in fact to choose to keep the element of the KJV which was inferior (its text), and remove the element which made the KJV so superior (the beauty and elegance of its language) . It might even be said that it was like snipping the rose off its stem; you lose the enticing aroma and the intrinsic beauty, but you keep the thorny stem.
Produced by the Lockman Foundation in 1971 and significantly revised in 1995, the New American Standard Bible (NASB) sought to be the most formally equivalent translation of modern texts as possible without being a slavishly literal translation like that of an interlinear. The Lockman foundation makes the claim for their work that,
My understanding is that it was originally intended to be a translation of the “Majority Text” of Hodges and Farstad. This would have made it a very unique translation and would have thrown a “3rd text” of the Greek NT on the English market, but this plan was ultimately abandoned. However, as perhaps something of a vestigial remnant of that purpose, it does still occasionally retain TR readings (in brackets) that have been relegated to the footnotes in most modern versions (e.g. the doxology at the end of Matt. 6:13, or the text of Acts 8:37).
Taking the “I” in the name very seriously, they sought to make the translation simple enough that it would be easily usable even by a student for whom English was a second language. Thus, they avoided technical theological words (and any words with too many syllables), and sought to employ a more colloquial style. The translators all professed their “commitment to the authority and infallibility of the Bible as God’s Word in written form” which struck a chord with some conservative readers who had been suspicious of translations since the RSV.
J. B Phillips originally published his translation as separate entities, but they were eventually published as the single volume The New Testament in Modern English in 1958. His purpose was to convey the sense of the original in a way that would have the same effect on the modern readers that the original writings had on theirs. He sought to set aside the traditional language that had been associated with English Bibles since Tyndale and to translate the text as one would translate any document from a foreign language, using the same freedom of style that would normally be employed in such an endeavor. The result garnered great praise from those who could see the meaning of the text being made plain. The eminent scholar F. F. Bruce stated that, in his time, the translation of the epistles was probably the best available for the average reader.
Recognizing that the original documents of Scripture were intended primarily to make an impact when read aloud, the NLT has employed a unique focus on recovering that impact in the public reading of the translation. Like the ESV and other modern translations, the translation team enlisted scholars to translate the books of the Bible who were specialist in exegesis and theology of each particular book. They employed such notable translators as Daniel Block, Tremper Longman III, Craig Blomberg, Darrell Bock, D. A. Carson, Douglas Moo, and Tom Schreiner. Its 2007 revision is truly remarkable as a functionally equivalent translation.
At the end of the day, almost any translation of the Bible can be a good one. They each have their strengths; they each have their weaknesses. When it comes to the common question, “Which translation is the best one?” the answer, in some ways, is simply, “Whichever one you will read.” If a Bible never leaves your shelf, its merits and pitfalls don’t really make much difference. I would recommend something near the center of the chart for a regular reading Bible. But really, whatever Bible you will use regularly is the one that is best for you.
Finally, I would recommend that you make use of a good study Bible. The additional information you will glean from the study notes will enrich your study in ways that you can’t imagine. The NIV study Bible is excellent. The ESV study Bible is one of the most helpful such tools I’ve ever seen. The NET Bible notes are unsurpassed in text-critical questions. If you desire a “TR” translation, the “King James Study Bible” from Thomas Nelson would be right up your alley. Whatever you choose to use, a good study Bible can give you a wealth of background information that you won’t get by reading only the Bible.
But my choices shouldn’t necessarily be yours. You should make your own decision, and whatever you choose to use, read it.
$5 a month for music is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of, even if you are a music downloader. The only music I've actually ever downloaded was Radiohead's newest album, In Rainbows. Radiohead chose to release the music independently and actaully let you set your own price for the online download - a truly novel idea that the music industry should take note of. I have no doubts they've still made plenty of money.
The idea is not bad but music comes from around the world. What if I only listen to music from an Australian band? Paying $5 to the Songwriters Association of CANADA won't make any sense!
Now now, everyone calm down. Im sure Rogers will collect the fees fairly and make sure everything is alright, just like it does everything else.
MURFREESBORO, Tenn. -- White supremacists and neo-Nazis planned two rallies in Tennessee on Saturday after law enforcement officials made lengthy preparations to prevent violence between marchers and counter-protesters.
For some of those who joined, it was a simple way to identify. Some were sex workers, used to hearing that their impermissible sexuality was an excuse for police brutality, legal oppression, and violent assault or even murder. Others were women who enjoyed casual sex, or people who had sex in non-vanilla ways. For others, the label came less naturally; still, since any given woman can be labeled a “slut,” even the most monogamous or virginal among us, it made sense to march in solidarity. The simplicity of the message — no matter who you are, or how anyone else views your sexuality, you deserve safety — made it possible for the movement to gain ground anywhere that message rang true, until the outrage was not so much about anything that one man had done, but about the rage and pain that come with being sexual in a rape culture. And so, SlutWalk transcended Toronto, and the offending police officer, and became an international movement.
Still others have pointed out that the mere fact of wearing a “slutty” outfit does not always signify freedom, and feeling pressured to do so, or to reclaim the “slut” label, can in fact intensify and re-iterate their oppression: “In the post 9/11 climate,” wrote Harsha Walia, “the focus on a particular version of sex(y)-positive feminism runs the risk of further marginalizing Muslim women’s movements who are hugely impacted by the racist ‘reasonable accommodation’ debate and state policies against the niqab.” Simply telling women that they “can” or “should” be more sexually open or dress more scantily does not make sense, if those women are routinely persecuted for a seeming lack of sexual availability, or for wearing clothes that cover “too much” of their bodies. In a virgin-whore dichotomy, women are of course assaulted on both ends of the spectrum; anyone who plays the game will lose. That’s how rigged games work.
This matters. Because these are the dangers of making an international movement out of a simple, local protest. “SlutWalk” made sense, as an immediate reaction to the events in Toronto: When the police officer blames rape on revealing outfits, you wear a revealing outfit. When the police officer uses the term “slut” in a derogatory way, you use it in a positive one. But once it was exported, its flaws became apparent. It did not, and could not, speak to the needs of every woman; nor could it adequately sum up and address every facet of rape culture. And so, removed from its original context, it stopped being simple, and became simplistic.
Simple ideas are great for attracting crowds, especially when they come with camera-ready spectacle. But there is no way that SlutWalk can be made to bear the entire weight of anti-rape activism; relying solely on SlutWalk as our means of protesting anything — rape, sexism, even something as specific as slut-shaming — will invariably reveal that it does not measure up. No one protest or movement, not even one as widespread and as great at calling attention to itself as SlutWalk, can do that.
However, Enck says cloud browsers can protect themselves to some extent by requiring users to create accounts – and then putting limits on how those accounts are used. This would make it easier to detect potential problems.
“I have a real question as to whether or not both sides want to make it,” Trump said. “A lot will have to do with Israel and whether or not Israel wants to make the deal — whether or not Israel’s willing to sacrifice certain things.”
Still, Trump has sought to assure Jews and other Israel supporters, including evangelical Christians who make up a core segment of his GOP base. He describes himself as “totally pro-Israel” and has said that he has donated large amounts of money to support the Jewish state. He has cited his role as the grand marshal of a pro-Israel parade in New York City in 2004 and his receipt of the Tree of Life award from the Jewish National Fund, which supports building infrastructure and planting trees in Israel.
The RX300 will retail for $99 and that price will include a one-year subscription to NComputing’s VSpace 10 platform. For those who are unaware, NComputing specializes in creating virtual desktops to multiple machines. Using this technology, a person will make it easier to manage multiple computers from a single host server. Obviously, larger companies may find it easier to do this manually, but the low price tag makes this an attractive option for mid-range companies that have multiple computers to manage.
Though, Valve really needs to do the research to make this make more sense.
But it goes further: Ron Paul himself is named in a federal subpoena made public last year. Prosecutors want access to the libertarian hero’s emails, as he appears to be a person of interest in the criminal investigation, an investigation that Google has been hindering with legal roadblocks and distractions.
Sorenson was, until recently, Iowa state Senator Sorenson, Iowa’s leading firebreathing Tea Party radical who vowed to “burn down” Des Moines when he won his seat in the state’s upper chamber in 2010. Sorenson talked the God-talk, bashed gays, the poor, drug users, and immigrants, which made him a darling among Tea Party libertarians like Ron Paul, who personally endorsed Sorsenson’s run for state senate in 2010.
According to a recently unsealed indictment, in late October 2011, Benton — who also led his uncle Rand Paul’s SuperPAC until just recently, in case I haven’t made this family point clear enough — sent an email to Sorenson and Sorenson’s top aide offering to take over paying Sorenson’s $8,000/month bribes in return for Sorenson switching his allegiance from Bachmann to Dr. Paul. Both Sorenson and Dr. Paul’s people agreed to delay Sorenson’s switch until after a meeting of Iowa Republicans, where he’d strengthen his own position within the party, on the eve of the big caucasus, as a principled Tea Party Christian libertarian.
Then from mid-November 2011 until late December, a Ron Paul operative, Dimitrios Kesari, made numerous calls to Sorenson to negotiate and lobby for the bribe-and-switch deal. A few days before the switch, around Christmas 2011, Sorenson agreed with Ron Paul’s campaign heads to write up a press release in-advance explaining how his Tea Party principles moved him to abandon Bachmann for Ron Paul. Sen. Sorenson then sent his draft statement to the Ron Paul 2012 campaign chiefs for editing—his granddaughter's husband Jesse Benton, his family operative Kesari, and John Tate, the head of a Ron/Rand Paul libertarian organization called Campaign For Liberty, who also served as an officer in Rand Paul’s SuperPAC. And in case Sorenson double-crossed Ron Paul over his planned double-cross of Michelle Bachmann, Dr. Paul’s campaign chiefs had readied a plan to smear Sorenson and ruin his life by leaking select emails of their payoff negotiations.
Meanwhile, the Court just sided with Google that it still wasn’t required to comply with the FBI warrant just yet and allow access to all the Gmail accounts that the feds demanded last year. As Google was careful to point out in its filings, the company has made sure to preserve and protect all email communications from those listed on the warrant — including presumably Ron Paul’s emails — to prevent anyone from trying to scrub or alter them. So Google is essentially complying, and they’re going to eventually hand them over, in all likelihood, and it will be some very incriminating material that could drive a barbed stake in the heart of libertarianism’s First Family...
According to Chobanian, Crimea remains completely outside of the international banking system, which means there is no chance at all to conduct any foreign economic activity on the peninsula. The only solution for shopping, payments and financial transactions is the Internet. If you go the usual way, you’ll end up in a bank, standing in a queue to open an account and make a ruble deposit. Then you would have to wait hours in another queue in order to get to the mainland. Once in Krasnodar Krai, you would need to go to another bank, open an account there, and then transfer your funds from a Crimean account to the one you opened in a Krasnodar bank; only then will you eventually be able to effect your payment.
The demoralization of Barb is only one of the consequences of the original crime, but each is rendered powerfully. Ridley is greatly aided by a first-rate cast. After wallowing way too long in the silliness of “Desperate Housewives,” Huffman rebounds to striking effect as the intolerant Barb, a woman who will not back down from her crusade. Hutton does his best work in years as the wayward father who will never make up for lost time. Had “American Crime” premiered in September, the stars and supporting players, including Benito Martinez as Alonzo Gutierrez, would all be touted for Emmy consideration.
And this, from Sen. John Cornyn: “We haven’t made any decisions. We’re just batting around ideas.”
But there is an important lesson that I take away from the experience. If I dislike an element of local culture, I should make sure that I dislike it for what it really is, and not what I imagine it to be. In practice, local meaning trumps the pseudo-objective perspective of outsider like myself.
Among denizens of any locale there is a shared familiarity with the contours of social discourse. Language is a map of our collective cognitive landscape, and the polite lie is just one thoroughfare of communication that we navigate to reach one another’s intended meaning. I doubt that the polite lie is unique to China, but it was certainly alien to my upbringing. That makes it anathema to me, but for many others, the idea of a “friendly” insult to someone’s mother is no doubt equally unfathomable. If the people who traffic in the polite lie do not feel deceived, that should factor into how I view the phenomenon.
More reliable results have been obtained, however, from experiments using placebos (odourless sprays). These studies have demonstrated that although subjects do respond to some extent to odourless placebos which they think are fragrances, the effect of the real thing is significantly greater. The thought of pleasant fragrances may be enough to make us a bit more cheerful, but the actual smell can have dramatic effects in improving our mood and sense of well-being.
Scent-preferences are often a highly personal matter, to do with specific memories and associations. In one survey, for example, responses to the question ‘What are your favourite smells?’ included many odours generally regarded as unpleasant (such as gasoline and body perspiration), while some scents usually perceived as pleasant (such as flowers) were violently disliked by certain respondents. These preferences were explained by good and bad experiences associated with particular scents. Despite these individual peculiarities, we can make some significant generalisations about smell-preference. For example, experiments have shown that we tend to ‘like what we know’: people give higher pleasantness ratings to smells which they are able to identify correctly. There are also some fragrances which appear to be universally perceived as ‘pleasant’ – such as vanilla, an increasingly popular ingredient in perfumes which has long been a standard ‘pleasant odour’ in psychological experiments (see Vanilla).
A note for perfume-marketers: one of the studies showing our tendency to prefer scents that we can identify correctly also showed that the use of an appropriate colour can help us to make the correct identification, thus increasing our liking for the fragrance. The scent of cherries, for example, was accurately identified more often when presented along with the colour red – and subjects’ ability to identify the scent significantly enhanced their rating of its pleasantness.
These 10 teams, although varying in time spent playing together, have all made their mark on the Melee doubles scene, and will go down in history as the 10 best teams of all time.
In a doubles environment full of deadly teams at their prime, taking third or second consistently at tournaments like Royal Flush and Smash'N'Splash 2 make their Sheik/Falcon combination not one to disregard.
Yvette Cooper’s comments were issued in an exclusive interview with the Jewish Chronicle in response to remarks made by Conservative Northern Irish Secretary Theresa Villiers.
Speaking to the Jewish Chronicle, Cooper said Miliband has made his position on boycotts against Israel clear.
The Harper government was clearly fed up with Iran on many fronts and chose to dispense with stagnant diplomatic ties that it decided were just getting in the way of tougher criticism. But it made Canadian foreign policy look erratic by muddling the message.
The lack of a strong explanation fuelled speculation. Some suggested Israel had tipped Ottawa off to an imminent military strike, so Mr. Baird has since made a point of repeatedly denying that. The CBC speculated Iranian diplomats here might have been organizing sleeper cells.
But the key reason, certainly, was that the government wanted to make it part of a statement about Iran as a rogue nation. That's why Ottawa listed Iran as a state sponsor of terrorism on the same day as it made its surprise announcement.
Some of the SQL geeks at the conference discussed how to make developers more comfortable with SQL. Currently many application developers not only don't understand SQL, but actively hate and fear it. The round-table discussed why this is and some ideas for improvement, including: teaching university classes, contributing to object-relational mappers (ORMs), explaining SQL in relation to functional languages, doing fun "SQL tricks" demos, and working on improving DBA attitudes towards developers.
Last Thursday, a reporter with La Presse caught Thierry Bordelais outside of his Chateauguay home and asked him what he made of his neighbours’ concerns about his family taking up residence in the Montreal suburb.
This is much faster, the authors say, than previous attempts. And that’s in part because although the robot is sifting through about 13,000 possible movements, they are all options that the robot has already deemed potentially useful. “The space of all possible behaviors that is searched to find these 13,000 high-performing behaviors is unimaginably vast,” they wrote. “In fact, it contains 10^47 possible behaviors, which is about how many atoms make up the planet Earth!”
Philadelphia Phillies second baseman Scott Kingery makes a diving grab on a ground ball in the sixth inning March 3 against the Minnesota Twins during spring training at Spectrum Field. (Photo: Butch Dill-USA TODAY Sports)
For the Phillies this year, second baseman Scott Kingery, has been that guy. He has made stellar defensive plays, hit for power and shown speed on the bases.
In the meantime, Kingery's performance has the potential to create unreasonable expectations, both in his readiness for Major League Baseball and how good he can be if he makes it to the big leagues. That's one of the pitfalls of exhibition games, where players aren't always going up against major-league caliber opponents.
"That's the hardest part when you have success in spring training like this, you almost start to believe that you're able to do this every day so you have to find a way to stay humble through it," Joseph said. "He's going to get sent down at some point, right? So everybody's going to wonder, 'Why isn't he going to make the team?' Come on, he's got to get more experience. But I think it can do nothing but help his confidence."
When manager Pete Mackanin has trotted out prospect-laden lineups this spring, he makes sure to sit back and enjoy watching what the young guys can do. It often presents one of Mackanin's, and fans', only opportunities to watch the prospects at this stage in their careers.
"The only issue I have is when a young guy starts doing extremely well in the spring then all of you media people start asking me if he's going to make the team," Mackanin said, laughing.
1 cup vegan bread crumbs (You can make your own if you bake bread at home – leave it to dry and process it in your blender/food processor.)
Cook the potatoes and cauliflower, potatoes need about 15 minutes, cauliflower 10 minutes – I just add the cauliflower 5 minutes later and cook until soft. Strain and mash well, try to break as many lumps as possible. Season with salt and other spices or herbs to your liking and start adding the bread crumbs a few tablespoons at a time. The mixture will be soft but keep its form. Taste and adjust if necessary. Use an ice cream scooper as a measuring tool to make the patties uniform in size and shape. Flatten them into discs and roll in bread crumbs. If you are not using them all just freeze them on a tray lined with baking paper and later when frozen transfer them into a bag to save on space in the freezer. You can fry these in a pan with a bit of coconut oil for 3-4 minutes on each side, but be careful: they soak up a lot of it. You could also bake them in the oven (375 F 15-20 minutes). The bed of carrots on which these heavenly patties rest are just organic carrots washed and sliced, tossed together with some olive oil, salt and thyme. Set on a baking tray lined with baking paper, 15-20 minutes at 375 F.
Vulcan survivor's guilt: Why J.J. Abrams should make Mr. Spock the hero of the new "Star Trek" franchise May 23, 2013 | May Contain Spoilers
Among the questions such a refocused series could explore: Who preserves the memory of Vulcan? Would a new, post-Vulcan society of Vulcan survivors have fascist overtones, defending the racially “pure” against the unwanted attentions of the mixed-blood portion of society? Perhaps the surviving Vulcans have split into political factions akin to those seen within so many majority-minority societies. They may also be squabbling about how best to relate to the "majority" society they've been forced to become a part of; their arguments could echo the ones that happened within Native American and African-American society in the 1960s and '70s, which were torn between trying to change the United States' majority culture to make it more hospitable, versus standing apart from it or actively attacking it. The aftershocks of Vulcan's end also raise the question of whether a civilization can be a proper civilization without a homeland, or a home world. That there's a fleeting reference in "Star Trek Into Darkness" to New Vulcan -- presumably this universe's Vulcan version of Israel? -- suggests that Abrams and his cowriters have already been thinking about it.
Me: We can test the modem to make sure it’s working. Can you take your laptop into the room with the modem and unplug the modem from the rou—
That’s because we are deluged with stories of troubled youth whose risk-taking actions got out of hand —sometimes with tragic results. But what if there was a flip-side to youth risk-taking? A side that would make us encourage teenagers to stretch their comfort zones?
In Tomorrow’s Change Makers: Reclaiming the Power of Citizenship for a New Generation, young people, like adults, said they found happiness when they experienced risk-taking. At the peak of their discomfort, students made comments, including:
What risk-taking experiences caused them to make these comments? Were they high on drugs or alcohol?
Real people, not some faceless “company,” made the fateful decisions not to fix a switch that failed to perform properly even before it went into production in 2002; not to do more once complaints of stalls and shutoffs came in; not to inform regulators of the defect when occupants began dying in crashes; and not to stop selling cars and misleading the public about their safety.
For auto safety, there’s an easy fix. Under laws that cover many consumer products, individuals at companies can be charged criminally when they willfully fail to report unsafe products to regulators. Auto safety laws make it far more difficult to prosecute company executives for similar acts. Three Democratic senators — Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Ed Markey of Massachusetts and Bill Nelson of Florida — have been pushing a measure that would plug this hole, making it easier to hold auto executives responsible when safety laws are willfully flouted. Despite the uproar over hidden defects in Toyota vehicles a few years ago and the recent GM fiasco, the measure has failed to gain traction in Congress. The Senate, which will consider an auto safety measure this fall, should embrace it.
The investments promised by Li Keqing during his trip to South America are largely in line with this strategy. The flagship project is a $10 billion railroad between Brazil and Peru that will connect the Atlantic and Pacific ports. The railroad will make it easier and cheaper to export of soybeans, beef, and ore from the Brazilian hinterlands. Currently, these exports must first reach Brazilian ports in Pará or Maranhão, and then traverse the Panama Canal to reach the Pacific and China.
HUMAN FAMILY TREE used to be a scraggly thing. With relatively few fossils to work from, scientists' best guess was that they could all be assigned to just two lineages, one of which went extinct and the other of which ultimately gave rise to us. Discoveries made over the past few decades have revealed a far more luxuriant tree, however—one abounding with branches and twigs that eventually petered out. This newfound diversity paints a much more interesting picture of our origins but makes sorting our ancestors from the evolutionary dead ends all the more challenging, as paleoanthropologist Bernard Wood explains in the pages that follow.
The 3 second rule: players must be on the move all the time when they don’t have the ball. When your team is attacking you should never stay in the same place without the ball for more than 3 seconds. In a game of 40 minutes you play for 4 minutes with the ball and 36 without it. To find space, occupy the space left free by a teammate. The player with the ball moves closer to the defender (to be able to go past him and force him to turn around), the players without the ball move away from their defenders (to create space and passing options). Help the player who has the ball. Sometimes this means getting closer; other times you need to move away. The aim, every time, is to create a clear passing line between you and your teammates. Never lose sight of the ball nor the eyes of the teammate who has it – sometimes it doesn’t matter if you move if your teammate has not even seen you. Pass and run – like the old motto: ‘pass and move’, but with an emphasis on the urgency of your movement. Be generous with your passing. The game is won by the TEAM who scores more goals; not the player who scores more goals. Separate where you look from where you pass. Do not make obvious passes. Use the element of disguise. Futsal is a sport for “liars”. Good players make it more difficult for the opposition to read them by performing feints when they’re passing, and checking away from their markers before moving in the other direction and losing their marker. (See an example of Sean Garnier do it in his tips for futsal – see tip 2 on his list). Passes must be strong but not carelessly violent. A firm pass doesn’t give defenders any unnecessary time to intercept it, or to close the space on the player receiving it. Be careful with passes from one wing to another when playing close to your own goal, near the “D”. If they’re intercepted they’ll lead to an easy chance for the opposition.
The above list has been reproduced (with small amendments) from “FUTSAL: Technical & Tactical Concepts” by Dr. Daniel Berdejo-del-Fresno, Jonathan Steel and David Jennings. This has been done with the permission of Dr. Daniel Berdejo-del-Fresno, who, among a host of achievements, is Sports Scientist / Strength & Conditioning Coach for the England National Futsal Team and has plenty of experience with elite level futsal players. Daniel has generously made his book available free for download on his blog: http://danielberdejodelfresno.blogspot.co.uk/2015/06/book-released-futsal-technical-tactical.html It contains lots of futsal tips, techniques and tactics – definitely worth downloading a copy.
"The president made clear that the diplomatic path was open and our preferred way ahead, but that Russia's actions are neither consistent with or conducive to that," the official said.
Obama told Putin that Kiev had made "real offers" to address concerns about the decentralization of powers to local governments in the country.
It has some interesting features and is different enough to existing popular programming languages to make it a nice diversion to experiment with. Some features include:
$ git clone https://github.com/CausalityLtd/ponyc $ cd ponyc $ make config=release $ export PATH=`pwd`/build/release:$PATH $ ponyc --help
$ make config=release test
$ make config=release prefix=/home/user/pony install
Note that the display function takes a Pointer[U8] as an argument. Pointer[U8] is a generic type with U8 being the parameter. In this case it is the C string that the C function passes. Pony String types are an object with fields so C doesn't pass it directly. The String type has a couple of constructor functions that take Pointer[U8] as input and return a Pony String - the one used here, copy_cstring , makes a copy of the C string passed in.
On Tuesday, Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-Ala.) made headlines for saying Sarah Palin cost Republicans the Senate. (Some analysis of that claim here.) Now Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) is throwing cold water on the idea of a Palin 2012 run. She told the Kennebec Journal:
The State Attorney's Office also said without the testimony from a key witness who since died, prosecutors saw no possibility of a conviction and made the decision to not pursue a trial in this case.
So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange", you technically bring anyone who died a few seconds ago back from the dead, right? What if those people'sdon't come back with them? What if they just came back as empty husks with a few base instincts, like cannibalism (the basest of all human instincts, of course)? And if souls aren't affected by time-travel, then logically, fungus isn't either, because souls and fungus are in the same biological kingdom (duh), which means that whenever you go back in time in "Life is Strange", fungus is able to evolve more and more until something that used to only be able to infect insects jumps to infecting mammals -- even humans. The evolution would seem so sudden to anyone without the Reading Steiner* as the fungus makes its way into food delivered to the masses and infects the human species on a global scale.So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange"... what are youdoing?1. An awareness of temporal re-experience2. The ability to recognize that you have undergone a nonstandard passing of time3. Knowing that you have gone back in time, but also retaining your memory from the original timelineThe red-headed girl, Ellie, is from "The Last of Us" which spawned my first parody series, "THE LEAST OF US" (look out for spoilers).The two with the gun, Lee and Clem, are from "The Walking Dead Game", which I've also made cartoons for called "THE WALK-IN DEAD" (also spoilers).The title is a pun on the term "temporal anomaly", which is a disruption in the space-time continuum usually resulting from time-travel or something like that.
That’s not all! Taking also advantage of this lack of any political authority, European companies, with the help of the mafia, dumped nuclear wastes offshore Somali coasts. Europe knew of this but turned a blind eye as that solution presented a practical and economical advantage for the nuclear waste management. Yet, the 2005 Tsunami brought a big part of these wastes into the Somali lands. Unfamiliar diseases appeared for the first time among the population. This is the context in which the piracy mainly developed. Somali fishermen, who had primitive fishing techniques, were no more able to work. So they decided to protect themselves and their seas. This is exactly what the United States did during the civilian war against the British (1756-1763): with no naval forces, President George Washington made a deal with pirates to protect the wealth of the American seas.
Somalia, which has been divided by colonial forces, attacked Ethiopia to get the territory of Ogaden back. Ogaden was mainly populated by Somalis. At this time however, Ethiopia was itself a socialist state supported by the Soviets. This country had been led for a long time by Emperor Selassie. But in the seventies, there was an important mobilization to overthrow him. The students’ movement, in which I personally participated, made four major demands. First, to nonviolently and democratically resolve tensions with Eritrea. Secondly, to establish a land reform that would distribute the lands to the peasants. Thirdly, to establish the principle of equality among the nationalities; Ethiopia was a multinational country led by elite who did not represent the diversity. Fourthly, to abolish the feudal system and to establish a democratic state. As in Somalia, the army was the only organized institution in Ethiopia and the civilians joined the officers to overthrow Selassie in 1974.
After the Ethiopian revolution, a delegation including Soviet Union, Cuba and South Yemen organized a round table with Ethiopia and Somalia in order to resolve their contradiction. Castro went to Addis Abeba and Mogadishu. To him, Somali claims were justified. Finally, the Ethiopian delegation agreed to seriously seriously its Somali neighbor’s demands. The two countries made an agreement stipulating that no provocation should happen as long as no decision has been taken. Things seemed to start well but Somalia did not honor the agreement…
Soviets left the region. Somalia, still led by Siad Barre, integrated the neocolonial network of the imperialist forces. The country had been seriously damaged by the conflict and the World Bank and the IFM were in charge of “rebuilding” it. This has aggravated infighting among Somali bourgeoisie. Each regional elite wanted to have its own market. They made the divisions among the clans’ worst and contributed to the progressive dislocation of their country up to Siad Barre’s fall in 1990. Since that, any head of state succeeded to him.
An overtaxed bullpen forced the Rockies into a slew of moves Wednesday, as they optioned first-baseman Wilin Rosario to Triple-A Albuquerque to make room for relief pitcher John Axford.
Rosario will play every day for the Isotopes at first base. The Rockies sent him down to make room for Axford. Several short outings from their starting pitching staff in recent games put pressure on the Rockies’ bullpen, and they need relief reinforcement.
Republican conservatives, sympathetic to the racist backlash among Southern whites, made their first political inroads in the South around this time. The most significant evidence for this trend was the GOP’s 1964 presidential nomination of Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater.
Similarly, Foxx’s own statements over the past year illustrate her departure from the moderate positions of the kinder, gentler GOP of yore. She has more than made herself clear regarding the present-day civil rights issues, most notably in debates over the rights of homosexuals and health care reform.
“We’re going to make sure he receives counseling and appropriate medical attention if he needs it,” Dale said.
These are interesting statements. The remarkable thing about Stoker Bruenig’s point of view, in comparison to her mentor’s, is its lack of radicalism or orthodoxy, more akin to a social gospeler than Moses Coady. There’s practically nothing about it that wouldn’t be at home in the Democratic National Committee. There is no sense of scale or subsidiarity in Bruenig’s political thinking, as if the government that can supposedly end poverty isn’t the same one that aspired to make the world safe for democracy or established an unlimited right to abortion. This also gives short shrift to the Church itself as a force of social transformation.
Pope Francis made the comments in question to the United Nations last May, and the phrase “called for” does a little too much work here; he just said it had a role to play in “equitable development.” But it wasn’t just Hannity and Bill Donohue who were concerned by them. Legendary blogger Fr. John Zuhlsdorf wondered, “When has any ‘State’ done this effectively? And what does ‘legitimate’ mean? According to laws that are passed? And if the laws are bad laws? And who will administrate it?”
For the record, I’d be more comfortable knowing my money was well spent on a tax for the relief of the poor levied by a Catholic monarch than one passed by Congress in a secular nation-state and enforced by the IRS. Is that so insane? That a king’s sense of social justice might in some instances be better than the choices expressed by a hundred million meaningless votes, mediated through a duopoly, a zillion special interests, and what’s left of a constitutional process? This arrangement makes villains out of Republicans too, with even Reagan and especially Bush the Younger busting budgets and leaving it for the Democrats to clean up, a strategy Irving Kristol endorsed.
At a separate news conference Thursday, Christie called the latest demonstration a "me-first rally" but admitted he made campaign promises he could not keep.
OTOY’s Render token could be well-positioned to do so. This year, it secured a deal to provide the entire rendering pipeline for Facebook — the social network’s virtual reality camera data uses OTOY. “OTOY has long been on the cutting edge of rendering technology. Their products were a natural fit for our efforts in pushing media to a new level of immersion,” said Eric Cheng, Facebook’s head of immersive media, by email. OTOY has also partnered with Unity, software akin to a Photoshop, but for mobile games such as Pokemon Go. Unity claims its software is used to make a third of top games. And the VR/augmented reality industry could be on the cusp of taking off. A July 2016 Goldman Sachs report projected that VR/AR will see $95 billion in revenue by 2025 — comparable to the $111 billion hardware market for laptops and $63 billion for desktops. Goldman and Deutsche Bank anticipate VR/AR will become a bigger part of a variety of sectors including gaming, live events, virtual shopping experiences or “v-commerce,” healthcare and fitness, communication such as Skype or FaceTime, trainings and education, tourism, and social experience apps such as watching movies with others through VR.
Brightcove's announcement comes just days before the iPad launch, and the company makes no attempt to hide the fact that this is a major reason for the HTML5 support. More than 1,000 Brightcove customers will be able to "easily expand the reach of their online video initiatives to popular consumer devices including the Apple iPad, iPhone and iPod touch," wrote the company. Brightcove currently provides support for device detection, playlist rendering, and playback of H.264 content, but plans to add support for customization, advertising, analytics, social sharing, and other features over the next year.
With such major names as the New York Times and Time on board, it's pretty clear that media companies aren't holding out hope that Apple and Adobe will kiss and make up. Like CBS, it's likely that they'll keep using Flash on their normal websites while allowing iPhone OS devices to access the HTML5 versions of the videos—at least for a while. The remaining questions are when can we expect Hulu to hop on the HTML5 train, and will Netflix reconsider its stance on bringing its own streaming videos (via Silverlight) to the iPad?
In this sort of environment we made an extraordinary discovery: fossils of animals (not bacteria) so old (around 560 million years ago) that they didn’t have any hard parts in their bodies. No shells, no teeth, not a single bone. But these were not the most disturbing characteristic of their anatomy. Their perfect state of preservation allowed palaeontologists to notice another component of modern animals missing: the mouth. Not a single specimen of this strange zoo had any orifice, and we suppose they were able to absorb nutrients from the seawater directly through their skin.
Ediacara was important because it was the first time we found multicellular organisms ageing before skeletogenesis (creation of skeleton and other hard parts). Burgess was also important because it was the oldest fauna we found with hard parts. But these two faunas combined made another major discovery: the start of predation. During the Ediacaran era, no organisms had teeth or even mouth, so they were clearly not carnivorous. Anomalocaris was an obvious proof of predation during the time the Burgess rocks were deposited. Because of this, we talk about the “Ediacaran paradise“, when Nature was at peace, without fight for survival.
The 46-year-old is also a long-term supporter of Scottish independence, but the issue only became pressing for him when the SNP's landslide Holyrood victory in 2011 made a referendum a certainty.
There’s another important difference between the 530 and the 535, and here again we see Microsoft taking a good idea to heart for newer devices like the Lumia 435 and 532. Where the Lumia 530 includes only an accelerometer sensor, the Lumia 535 is equipped with a more reasonable array of sensors, including ambient light, accelerometer, and proximity. And these little doohickeys go a long ways toward making for a better experience: Unlike the 530, the Lumia 535 supports display auto-brightness, and the screen will dim when you raise it to your face to make a phone call.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
Then in the five minutes of overtime, first Vukona and then Bruton stepped up splendidly to make nerveless plays to enable the Breakers to take the final grip on proceedings.
Daryl Corletto added 16 points (5/10 FG, 4/6 3PT) for the winners, Gary Wilkinson had 12 points and seven boards and Dillon Boucher nine points, seven rebounds and four assists as he continued to make big plays when it mattered.
Alex Pledger weighed in with a solid eight points and four boards and made two huge free-throws in overtime when Vukona had to retire with cramp.
The way to global peace isn’t paved with war. History has shown us that dedicating our resources toward creating war doesn’t just lead to more war; it makes war an economic necessity, imperiling us all. The only way to ensure peace in our world is to adopt a doctrine of peace; to give peace a budget, give peace a mandate, and give peace all our energy, both politically and personally — and remove from government, through the power of our will and the weight of our numbers, any individual who fails to act on it.
Gopher sophomore Wally Ellenson, a 6’4″ wing, may be a better offensive rebounder than any of the power forward candidates. With great leaping ability and fearlessness, Ellenson can make an impact crashing the offensive glass if given the green light.
The arguments and reasoning by the various parties involved in such eligibility matters are rarely made public. Non-disclosure does cause some of the angst and complaining displayed by the public when there is a perception that the NCAA “got it wrong”, but when you’re potentially dealing with issues of academics, health, etc., non-disclosure is appropriate.
Does this mean it makes sense for Smith and Buckles to be treated differently? In some minds it might.
Let me clarify: I’m not a slut because I’m out of control of my own sexuality. I’m not a slut because I’m hoping to rope a guy into wanting to be with me. I’m not a slut because I’m looking for some kind of validation or self-esteem boost. I’m a slut because I make the active, intentional, self-aware and enjoyable choice to be. I’m a slut because I choose to call myself “slut.”
But the lived reality of sluthood at Swarthmore is a surprisingly difficult one, even when not interacting with the obviously slut-shaming margins. We are greeted with a community aura of sex-negativity or at best sexual cluelessness. Institutionally speaking, the administration has a record of responding to issues involving sexuality with either a sort of manic, nip-it-in-the bud attitude, or an ill-advised stance of ignore-the-problem-and-it’ll-go-away. They have a well-known past of extraordinary blundering bordering on victim-blaming regarding instances of sexual assault (albeit one that is happily and actively changing in recent months). They responded to past instances of sexual assault at Genderfuck by proposing to cancel the party, as though preventing drinking and dressing skimpily would prevent the underlying factors of sexual assault (read: assaulters). The Dash for Cash, the singular intentionally body-positive and administratively-endorsed campus tradition – which was well publicized and opt-in – was canceled at earliest possible opportunity. And in an egregious, though since-resolved, issue a few years ago, a campus wellness campaign could find the funds to provide free yoga mats for students, but not free condoms. Overall, Swarthmore does a very good job of making the sex-positive, sexually adventurous, and promiscuous among us feel like we’d have a pretty precarious safety net availible if something happened to make us feel uncomfortable.
Sluttiness is not about the number of dates or make outs or hookups it takes for you to feel comfortable rounding all or one or any bases with another person. In fact it’s not about numbers at all. The emphasis we place on our own sexual numbers is just another example of rigid, moral socio-sexual policing. How many women’s magazine articles have you read which essentially roil in what they’d have you believe is the eternal question: to disclose numbers or not to disclose numbers? You know what? Fuck that. Share or don’t, that’s your call, but don’t imbue this number with some sort of synthetic and sacrosanct meaning. Sexual numbers are meaningless. They tell you nothing about a person. They don’t tell you whether or not to get tested, as you as a sexually active or potentially sexually active adult should be getting tested with regularity anyway. They tell you nothing about the content of a person’s character or their childhood or their relationship with their father or their mother or their feelings about their own body.
98: the number of people I’ve made out with.
So here’s the deal, Swarthmore. We’ve tried to have this conversation before. Last semester, columnist Hester Prynne opened her installments with a discussion of reclamation and hers was an excellent primer extolling the virtues of sluthood. This past week a Swassip post turned into a comment-war fueled indictment of the morality of those externally impugned as sluts. In both instances, there has been frustratingly little safe room in the ensuing conversation for those living a life navigating the murky waters of Swarthmore with multiple partners. It’s time for real talk: an introduction to a conversation on the lived realities of identifying and acting sluttily on a campus slightly deluded as to its own sex-positivity. So here it is, an above-ground forum for a conversation not only about sluthood or about sluts, but with and from those of us who have made this choice for ourselves. I am slutty; hear me roar.
“Doing this makes it seem easier for me to branch out when I leave here and continue with music,” said 10th grader Shanice Rodriguez, who has formed a duo with 11th-grade guitarist Elvin Jaquez. “I really want to keep doing this.”
Though Mario Manningham struggled for much of last season, he always presented a threat to opposing defenses and if some slouch was lined up against him, Manningham could make him pay in a big way. Manningham is now with the 49ers and to this point none of the candidates looking to fill his role have shown enough to claim the job.
Those are the supportive words of a teammate, but Manning is more discerning. He demands a great deal from his targets, and if they deviate from the script or fail to make the proper read, it doesn’t sit well with the franchise quarterback.
Have you ever wanted to eat at that cool new restaurant that only seats 30 guests? Reservations are undoubtedly at a premium and you’re often forced to make a reservation two weeks out. And that’s if you’re searching for a two-top. What about those times when friends or family are in town and your party is bigger than four people? Forget it.
Notice that it’s the sausage maker who becomes the villain, when of course it’s us, the eaters, who are demanding fresh sausage. And this happens all the time with our food system. We search for cheaper food, but we are shocked when farmers respond by getting bigger and mechanized (so as to sell enough cheaper food to make a decent income).
Beeswax has a melting point of 143-148 degrees. I prefer it for container candles. For tapers, you need a wax with a higher melting point. The best way to make beeswax tapers is to buy pressed beeswax sheets and roll each sheet tightly around a wick. (Dipped beeswax can make messy tapers that puddle. I prefer to use taper wax–see Hand-Dipping Tapers.)
You can also use beeswax to make lip balms, skin creams, and herbal salves. When I was researching beeswax, I found the same recipes in multiple places, so I’m not sure of the original sources. (Probably our great-grandmas.) The recipes I’m posting are ones I’ve experimented with and found useful. The first one is for a beeswax cream that is really nice for the hands in the winter.
You can also make a super easy “Vaseline”-type moisturizer by combining 1/2 cup baby oil per ounce beeswax. After you melt the beeswax, remove from heat and stir in the baby oil. (You can add a few drops of essential oil, too, if you want more scent. I really like beeswax just how it smells naturally.)
You can make a healing salve with different essential oils, depending on what you need, such as tea tree oil (good for cuts and burns).
Melt the beeswax. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the turpentine. Add the essential oil, if using, and keep stirring as it cools. Transfer to a container. This makes a creamy polish that is great to lovingly rub into wood.
"We split scrims and also provided some focused solo queue practice, but the results were not there to support making a change in the mid-lane starting position at this time," Team Liquid co-CEO Steve Arhancet told ESPN. "We will continue to strive for excellence for the team to compete at the highest level and have to make decisions with the information for results in the timeframes we want them. Austin has an impeccable work ethic, extremely intelligent player and glad we will be maintaining the substitute position with him in just a different capacity."
A ‘joke’ made to your friends. Staring at a woman until she uncomfortably tugs down her skirt. Letting it slide when someone at work says something sexist.
You can make sure her mum stays safe (and doesn’t eat sushi).
It’s not about fear-mongering, suggesting that all men are bad, or the idea that if you make one mistake, your daughter will be hurt.
Members of Tel Aviv's gay community turned out to see the stone monument, modelled on the pink triangle Nazis made homosexuals wear in concentration camps during World War II, and features inscriptions in German, Hebrew and English.
Pouliot said when vacancy rates are topping 20 per cent, owners still have to make their mortgage payments.
All signs indicate that the current situation finds just these types of forces at work. First, there is a widespread mistrust of banks, one that is fueled by a perception that in the lead up to the crisis banks were routinely engaged in improper and even illegal conduct (whether such perceptions are justified or not). Second, law enforcement officials seem somewhat limited in their ability to hold financial institutions accountable for the illegal conduct, despite having made some headway recently in the area of punishing mortgage discrimination. Since at the heart of the financial crisis lies a range of bank misconduct, an atmosphere filled with the widespread perception of misconduct, coupled with little fear that lawbreakers will be held accountable, could send us back to a second financial crisis.
Kalamazoo Public Schools teachers stood outside school buildings and in their entrances on Wednesday, Feb. 17, to support changes that make standardized testing less cumbersome and more effective. - Courtesy Photos
Each week Bob and Ivey take a trip Beyond the Wall to discuss HBO's 'Game of Thrones' from the perspective of fans of the books. If you've not read the books, tread lightly, as there are spoilers everywhere, sweet summer child. This week, we make several bold predictions about what will happen in season two.
I think so, too. I’m not sure Robb was ever as well loved by ASOIF fans as his father was, but I think that is something that has changed on-screen. The decisions Robb makes this season, specifically regarding Jeyne, obviously have major effects down the road. I’m glad we’ll get a chance to see that play out, instead of only hearing about it after the fact.
Aside from the space constraints, Santa Fe County also experiences severe drought conditions, which make water resources scarce. With conservation in mind, the decision was made to collect the storm water runoff from the store’s roof catchment area for irrigation purposes. Using the harvested storm water for irrigation would reduce the use of potable water, especially at times when outdoor irrigation is limited due to water rationing restrictions imposed by the city. Native desert plants were selected for site landscaping to further reduce irrigation demands.
Scientists have patented a new way to make ultra high-res displays that can bend and are thousandths of a mm thick.
By sandwiching it between transparent electrodes, they made pixels just 300 nanometres across and produced images smaller than the width of human hair.
Image copyright Oxford University Image caption A microscopic image of a well-known Oxford landmark, made up of 150x150 300-nanometre pixels
The openly left-wing film-maker also used the festival as a chance to make a series of political commentaries, including his desire to see former Spanish president, José Maria Aznar, tried at the Hague due to his collaboration with George W. Bush and Tony Blair in the Iraq war.
He furthermore made a series of statements relating to current US politics, and denounced Washington for pursuing Wikileaks founder, Julian Assange.
As the first round is a best-of-three, home ice is pretty important, especially to a Syracuse team that has made a living out of winning in the Onondaga County War Memorial this season. Two seasons ago, the Crunch had home ice for the first round the playoffs, and swept the Portland Pirates to move onto the second round. That season, Syracuse wasn't nearly as proficient and comfortable in the War Memorial as they have been this season. Syracuse could definitely get a leg up in the playoffs with home ice advantage for at least the first round.
Peca's signing gives Crunch fans a reason to be optimistic about their forward depth, even without the likes of Vadislav Namestnikov. This is especially helpful since the Crunch's defense is still looking thin while Slater Koekkoek, Luke Witkowski and Nikita Nesterov remain with Tampa. With the AHL playoffs right around the corner for Syracuse, Peca definitely has the chance to jump in and make a difference right away.
Epifano's 5,000 word piece details her consequent breakdown: she claims the school abruptly decided to admit her into a psychiatric ward after she made suicidal comments spurred by the despair she felt when her allegations were repeatedly ignored. Once inside, Epifano resolved to stop feeling ashamed by her rape. She returned to Amherst, experienced the same unsympathetic treatment from the administration, and ultimately decided to transfer. Her rapist graduated, with honors.
Worth noting that the Phillies led the list for “most loyal” on Opening Day 2011, which I think was probably the height of Philly fan enthusiasm. I don’t think enthusiasm and loyalty is the same thing, though. Most Philly fans I know are still loyal to their team. They’re just realistic that they suck. Same in reverse for the Mets, who used to — heck, maybe still do — have a singularly neurotic and pessimistic fan base but no one can doubt their loyalty. Indeed, if you’re not loyal you don’t allow yourself to be emotionally connected to the bad stuff enough to let it bother you. That makes the “fan bonding” and “entertainment” parts of this thing suspect. You can be a loyal fan even if your team has been hostile to you and is more misery inducing than entertaining.
If you’re the sort of fan who watches the sports team you like up to the point they entertain you and make it worth your time and then tune out when the balance is off you’re not a better or worse person. If you put yourself through the ringer for them, no matter the situation, you’re neither of those things either. Let sports be your thing in your own way and don’t listen to people who would tell you different.
No matter which one is your preference, Samsung Galaxy Tab S or Apple iPad Air would be a good choice for you to enjoy great entertainment experience. But it makes sense that Galaxy Tab S pays more attention on display (size, resolution, type) and battery life from the above comparison, which provide you with more marvelous visual treat.
Except for downloading videos directly from websites, the vast majority of movie fans usually watch their DVDs which make them feel much better for some reason. Are you interesting in watching your favorite movie DVDs on Samsung Galaxy Tab S? Any DVD Cloner Platinum can help you to do it.
Finally, Hollywood should take their customer's preferences into account. If people want to watch movies at home, why force them to find illicit ways of doing it? Make it easy, make it legal, and make some money!
Why he's here: The past two seasons made it look like Machado would be a perennial MVP candidate, which is why his start to the year has been so puzzling. He was bothered by a wrist injury early in June, and it's possible that it's still affecting him, but that doesn't explain away his struggles in April and May. Whatever the reason, Machado's first half might be the most disappointing in either league.
Chart two is a look at storage hardware revenues on their own to make things clearer.
Within that: “With 57 per cent revenue growth over the last year, cloud is now a $10 billion business for us. This made us the largest cloud provider in 2015.”
Cloud is the big thing, in Schroeter's view. “To address opportunities we see in this space, in 2015 we made seven cloud acquisitions including Cleversafe for object storage, Gravitant for cloud brokerage services, and Clearleap for cloud video services. We also invested nearly a billion dollars in capital expanding our global cloud data centre footprint to 46.”
The Wall Street Journal editorial board published a furious tirade Tuesday in response to President Trump’s “America First” immigration proposals, arguing that the proposals do not do enough to make open-borders Democrats happy and would lead to a “humanitarian calamity” if illegal immigrants are sent home.
Trump had cozied up to the Democrats shortly after announcing the repeal of the Obama-era DACA program in September — setting a six-month time limit for its expiration and urging Congress to make a deal. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) indicated that Trump had suggested funding for the wall had been jettisoned by Trump as a firm term, replaced instead by a vague “border security.” But the proposals announced late Sunday indicate a return to Trump’s “America First” campaign stance that helped him win the election in 2016.
So we redirect the output of the Command to our pipe, which, as before, will make it possible to read it through our PipeReader at another point. In this rather contrived case, that point is just a goroutine where we dump the results of cat to stdout (which it would have done anyways), but I think it’s easy to imagine doing something nifty here like exporting the results of the command somewhere or flushing it to a webpage as seen in this gist, where we’d need an io.Writer as input.
One of the most common sights following any major storm is a large number of houses with blue tarps pinned to their roofs. That was certainly true in Houston after Hurricane Harvey, and in Florida after Irma rolled through. But images from Puerto Rico following the devastation of Hurricane Maria are almost blue-roof-free. That’s not because the hurricane didn’t leave plenty of damaged homes — with winds speeds over 150 mph when it made landfall, Maria was a monster storm that ripped shingles from homes that met even the most stringent hurricane standards.
Kaboom! Controlled explosions in the legs of this silicone 'soft robot' make it leap higher than 30 times its own height.
When the computer sparks the electrodes, the methane and oxygen explode, turning into carbon dioxide and water — and releasing a lot of energy. The downward force from the explosion makes the robot jump — higher than 30 centimetres so far, although the researchers say the range has been limited by the height of the testing chamber. The soft valve is crucial, says Robert Shepherd, a study co-author and engineer at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It closes in response to high pressure, thus making the pressure even higher, and then it opens after the explosion to let the exhaust gases out.
This library provides a way to expose your app metrics so that a service can collect them. Rewriting the above using the expvar package makes it look like this:
package util import ( "fmt" "io" "net" "time" ) var queue = make ( chan string , 100 ) func init () { go statsdSender () } func StatCount ( metric string , value int ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|c" , metric , value ) } func StatTime ( metric string , took time . Duration ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|ms" , metric , took / 1e6 ) } func StatGauge ( metric string , value int ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|g" , metric , value ) } func statsdSender () { for s := range queue { if conn , err := net . Dial ( "udp" , "127.0.0.1:8125" ); err == nil { io . WriteString ( conn , s ) conn . Close () } } }
Although foreigners make up just one quarter of the oil rich state's population, Amnesty reported they made up the majority of all those sent to death row. Its report revealed that at least 1,695 executions were carried out between 1985 and May 2008, with the number of non-nationals totalling 830, compared with 809 local citizens. It was impossible to ascertain the nationality of the remaining 56.
His Bosnian assistant, Zeljko Buvac, a team-mate from his playing days at Mainz, is a certainty to follow Klopp to Anfield. He regards Buvac as his “brains” and the co-architect of Dortmund’s style of play. That said, Klopp was regarded as the best pundit on German television when it came to tactical analysis during his stint for broadcaster ZDF during the 2006 World Cup finals in Germany. He was only manager of Mainz then, yet his ability to explain strategy simply made him a first choice above more famous names.
His mentor was the late Wolfgang Frank, a former player and manager of relative obscurity who was Klopp’s manager at Mainz in the 1990s. Frank was known for his original, unconventional approach, which made an impression on the young Klopp. At a club that has spent more than 25 years trying to return to the top of English football, there is a platform to do things differently.
“He has the squad with which to do it.” Just nine words, but a sting in the tail to the statement of support that Chelsea offered Jose Mourinho. Roman Abramovich has given his manager the public support he asked for, but made it clear he has the resources at his disposal to, as the statement puts it, “turn this season around”. These statements are not issued lightly and their composition is very carefully considered. Mourinho knows what is required of him and the next club statement reflecting on his performance – if there is another – is not so likely to be good news.
Sen. John Kyl (R-AZ) made a startling misstatement on the Senate floor Friday, amid a heated debate on funding women’s health services — a key sticking point for Republicans and Democrats struggling to pass a budget that would keep the federal government from shutting down.
China makes headlines every other week for its censorship of the Internet, but few people outside the country know what it's like to live with those access controls, or how to get around them.
"Connection Timed Out" is the dreaded error message when you try to visit a blocked site. It makes you think the site itself is down, but it's actually the "Great Firewall" at work, a vast censorship system that blocks access to many of the world's most popular services.
It's partly why many Chinese don't notice the censorship; there's enough leeway that the Internet is still a useful medium. Most don't miss Facebook or Twitter because they can connect via WeChat, a local messaging app used by hundreds of millions. China effectively has its own Internet, with its own providers and its own rules. So far, none of the big U.S. Internet firms has managed to make significant headway here, and the ones who try must play by the rules. LinkedIn, for instance, which entered the market this year, is drawing flak for blocking posts about political matters in China.
Dr Fouzia Siddiqui of the Dr Afia Movement in her brief address thanked Karachi-based journalists for their support in the movement for the release of Dr Afia Siddiqui. She attributed the release of Dr Afia’s daughter and son from US captivity to the efforts made by the journalists of Karachi who, she said, duly highlighted the plight of Dr Afia’s family.
On Thursday afternoon, Kamil Krawczyk made the decision to do a big ride and turned to the University of Toronto Road Racing team Facebook page to look for someone to join him. “I was feeling a bit down and overwhelmed with work and the progress of my PhD,” Krawczyk explained on Saturday afternoon after a morning of rest and recovery. “It’s been preventing me from enjoying cycling in the same capacity that I had enjoyed it for in the past. I felt that going on a long ride with nothing but the experience itself to think about would clear things up for me.”
“Never try to get a meal at Niagara Falls when the weather is nice. It took half an hour to get two pizza slices and a drink, which on a normal day wouldn’t be such a big deal,” he said noting that the time constraint did make the long break problematic. “Because it was Good Friday, many places were closed especially in rural parts of the province. It was hard to find somewhere to fill up my bidons or grab a more protein-heavy snack.”
With only five hours to make it back to Burlington, 100 km from Niagara Falls, the two riders buried themselves covering 62 km in less than two hours before needing to take another break to refuel.
“That’s what definitely made the last stretch so hard – we should have been a little smarter and conserved our energy for the last haul. I think what got me through those two hours was the worry of being stranded or having to ride back from Burlington to Toronto and the fact that I really, really wanted a cold Slurpee,” he recalled about the toughest part of the ride. “The last 40 km were the worst since I had nearly run out water and was starting to feel dehydrated. It was a relief to get back to the train station and fill my water bottle up a good four times.”
Was my counselor being inappropriate? Were any of these things ok? These things made me feel special at a time in my life when I thought I was a horrible person. Not being a counselor myself, I didn’t know about boundaries in counseling. I didn’t know about relationship definitions between counselor and client and the possible negative impact these could have on my mental health. I didn’t know that a counselor should just be a counselor or that I should be learning to have strength on my own and not get all my strength from my counselor.
Sharing this makes me feel very exposed and even ashamed that I didn’t recognize what was happening sooner. So, why do I tell all this? I want you to know that these things are not ok. I want you to be able to recognize some signs that your counselor may be going down the wrong road with you. Maybe you can avoid the confusion and pain that I went through. If your counselor is trying to become more than a counselor, it is not ok. The counselor is not helping you at that point, they are helping themselves. You need help from a counselor, not confusion. You deserve not to be deceived or used for someone else’s gain. Please know that you are worth having a safe counselor to go to. A counselor that will respect you and the counseling relationship.
Emphasize it, push it, make it stand out, tie it into political correctness, create absurdist “dialogue” that could have no other outcome than outrage. The “discussion about race” has turned into transparent provocation.
Much of the fight revolves around Nevada’s cap on net metering, an arrangement by which people with rooftop solar can sell extra power they generate back to the grid. Nevada is likely to hit its limit as early as this summer, solar advocates say, which will make it less advantageous for homeowners to tap the enormous solar energy potential of Southern Nevada.
“The utility doesn’t have an incentive to operate in the community interest,” Brown said. “That doesn’t mean they don’t, but that’s not their economic incentive. We’re relying on the utility commission to make sure that the utility operates in the public interest.”
By 1996, Weissman said, Congress forced companies to provide competitors access to infrastructure. And the emergence of mobile phone technology made the fight over access to landline infrastructure obsolete.
This site also tries to figure out what makes an episode great or weak. It looks at the extent to which the quality of an episode may be affected by the when the episode aired, the episode's writer and director, and the relative prominance or absence of major characters in that episode.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE’s presidential campaign raised $11.3 million online over the last three days, the campaign announced Tuesday.
Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has seized on the FBI's move as he seeks to make up ground in the polls ahead of Election Day.
Children make up over 25 percent of the civilians killed by Russian airstrikes, according to a report by a Syrian human rights organization.
After prototyping you will want to make your tweak into a project to build it and debug it. To achieve this you will most likely use Theos. It is available for different platforms including iOS and Mac OS, and, to a certain extent, Linux. On Mac OS you can use Xcode's command line tools, but for the other platforms you should use a toolchain. On iOS there are two available toolchains (On-device toolchains), and there is a project for Windows.
"I stepped away to make some tea and returned to find Luis dancing," Gabriela told The Dodo . "He didn't realize I was there." So, Gabriela did what every good wife would do in this modern era -- she whipped out her phone, took some video, and promptly posted it on Facebook.
"The thinking is there is very strong sentiment within the party in favor of the president's decision yesterday on Paris Accord," said Ames, the chairman of the Fairfax County Republican Party in Virginia. "We want to go make some noise and tell him how much we appreciate it. There seemed to be a tug-of-war, and it didn't appear it was going to happen."
The CAG report also ignores the legislative intent behind the New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP), which was to provide an incentive to private contractors, to tap domestic energy sources that PSUs like ONGC and OIL could not. The driving force behind this policy shift was not merely liberalisation of the economy, but a concerted effort to make India energy independent, and to reduce the nation’s staggering fuel-import bill. In making the simplistic argument that RIL’s higher gas prices lead to a subsidy burden on the economy, Kejriwal has wilfully ignored both, the saved fuel import-costs and the substantial GDP contribution made by domestic contractors. GOI currently pays up to $15 per million British thermal units (mmBtu). By Kejriwal’s logic, India ought to pay billions of our precious and scarce foreign exchange to international gas providers but deny an Indian corporation from making a legitimate profit for the massive investment it has incurred, simply because the government subsidises the fuel. Even keeping aside the billions of dollars India saves by encouraging a domestic entity, why doesn’t Kejriwal talk about the billions that the Indian government receives as its share of profit from KG-D6? Would he rather than India be at the mercy of foreign gas-producers than achieve energy security? Even keeping energy independence aside, the creation of jobs and enhanced shareholder value aid in spurring growth and confidence in the economy that benefits everyone.
There are no overt signs when an outsider has targeted the weakness, and attackers aren't required to have "man-in-the-middle" control of a network to exploit it. "Once the attacker has a Session Key and a Salt (which is also sent by the server along with the session key), the attacker can perform a brute force attack on the session key by trying millions of passwords per second until the correct one is found. This is very similar to a SHA-1 password hash cracking. Rainbow tables can’ t be used because there is a Salt used for password hash generation, but advanced hardware can be used, like GPUs combined with advanced techniques like Dictionary hybrid attacks, which can make the cracking process much more efficient."
Keeping your fish healthy, happy and well-fed will boost their immune system and make it possible for them to handle limited exposure to Mycobacterium marinum.
“We make sure that healthcare is a right for everyone,” Perez said. “And not a privilege for a few.”
A recent island governor tried to cut Puerto Rico's bloated government. Luiz Fortuno fired thousands of workers and made it easier to open a business. The economy improved. But firing workers isn't popular. Fortuno lost the next election and his successor increased spending and raised taxes. Of course that didn't work. Now Puerto Rico can't pay its $70 billion debt.
"Centralization of government spending in Washington over the past century has severely undermined good governance," argues Edwards on the site he edits, DownsizingGovernment.org. "Citizens get worse outcomes when funding and decision-making for education, infrastructure and other things are made by the central government rather than state and local governments and the private sector."
Politicians rarely notice the millions of tiny opportunities for people to make progress via new inventions and smarter ways of doing things -- the new app, the robotics start-up, the do-it-yourself metalworking printer.
Government shovels more money into its big, dumb projects and pretends to build the future. But our future is more likely to be built by thousands of entrepreneurs who make the countless contributions that quietly improve our lives.
The question was about how Keith continues to go somewhat overlooked when the conversation turns to the NHL's best at the position. Names like Shea Weber Ryan Suter and Erik Karlsson roll right off the tongue, while Keith only seems to make national headlines while he's embroiled in some sort of controversy.
"He's been so good, for so long, that I think after a while you just take it for granted what you see from him," said Crawford, who often has a front-row seat. "He's definitely a special player. The plays he makes sometimes … it looks easy, but when you're on the ice you appreciate the talent he has and what he can do for us."
MSNBC HOST: No, I never asked that question. I think that's well established. The question was, are the speeches, were the speeches a mistake? Did it make sense to accept close to --
In situations of structural violence that include war and genocide, men and boys are frequently singled out and killed.[48] The murder of targets by sex during the Kosovo War, estimates of civilian male victims of mass killings suggest that they made up more than 90% of all civilian casualties.[48]
In the U.S., crime statistics from the 1976 onwards show that men make up the majority of the homicide perpetrators regardless if the victim is female or male. Men are also over-represented as victims in homicide involving both male and female offenders.[61] According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, women who kill men are most likely to kill acquaintances, spouses or boyfriends while men are more likely to kill strangers.[62] In many cases, women kill men due to being victims of intimate partner violence,[63] however it should be noted that this research was conducted on women on death row, a sample size of approximately 97 during the last 100 years.[64]
#41. Who you marry will be the most important decision you ever make in life. Better make sure she’s up for the job.
#18. The moment you make a woman “your life”, is the moment she’s preparing to walk out of yours.
#17. The only thing that matters to women between the ages of 18-26yo is: “Does he make my vagina wet?”
The first step in the visa process is to sort out your travel insurance. To do this, you will need to head to the travel insurance cashier/desk. Please note that even if you already have travel insurance that is valid for Iran, you still need to have this verified at the insurance desk. If you already have insurance valid in Iran, make sure you have printed your policy certificate and show this at the insurance desk. Make sure to point out where on your certificate that it says ‘Iran’. I travel with World Nomads insurance and specifically made sure that Iran was included. The insurance certificate issued to me by World Nomads explicitly stated that it was valid for Iran. If you have travel insurance but your printed policy does not clearly state that it is valid for Iran, you may be forced to buy a separate policy.
If you made any mistakes on the white A5 visa application form, it will be pointed out to you at this stage. I saw one person in particular fail to include a phone number for his accommodation and so they called out his name and made him correct it. He then he had to wait further. Make sure you completed the form described in step 2 above to avoid any delays at this step.
An email printout with your first accommodation booking details might be needed. You may not need to actually show this to anyone, but you will need the information on it to fill out your forms. At the very least make sure you have an email containing your accommodation booking details, an address and contact information. Contact details for a hostel are accepted, there is no need to book an expensive hotel.
That description from CNN of the cable's contents is, unsurprisingly, diluted to the point of obfuscation. That cable was released by WikiLeaks in May, 2011, and, as McClatchy put it at the time, "provides evidence that U.S. troops executed at least 10 Iraqi civilians, including a woman in her 70s and a 5-month-old infant, then called in an airstrike to destroy the evidence, during a controversial 2006 incident in the central Iraqi town of Ishaqi." The U.S. then lied and claimed the civilians were killed by the airstrike. Although this incident had been previously documented by the U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, the high-profile release of the cable by WikiLeaks generated substantial attention (and disgust) in Iraq, which made it politically unpalatable for the Iraqi government to grant the legal immunity the Obama adminstration was seeking. Indeed, it was widely reported at the time the cable was released that it made it much more difficult for Iraq to allow U.S. troops to remain beyond the deadline under any conditions.
And yet (or more accurately: therefore) the person accused of accomplishing all of this, Bradley Manning, has been imprisoned for more than a year without trial, and, if convicted, is almost certain to remain in prison for many more years (with the possibility, albeit unlikely, of death, and as the Obama administration continues to block an unmonitored visit by the U.N. official investigating what had been the inhumane conditions of his detention). If one believes the authenticity of the chat logs produced by Wired, Manning's goal in leaking those cables -- "hopefully worldwide discussion, debates, and reforms . . . i want people to see the truth… regardless of who they are… because without information, you cannot make informed decisions as a public" -- have been fulfilled beyond what must have been his wildest dreams. Assuming the truth of those chat logs, he was motivated precisely by seeing cables of the sort that detailed this civilian slaughter and subsequent cover-up in Iraq, and the extreme levels of theft and oppression by Arab dictators, and the desire to have the world know about it. Meanwhile, those responsible for the Iraq War, and who suppressed freedom and democracy in the Middle East by propping up those tyrants, and who committed a slew of other illegal and deeply corrupt acts, continue to prosper and wield substantial power.
Event organizers say worries over children mobbing parade vehicles for sweets, as well as a dip in volunteers able to patrol for this behavior, resulted in the decision to forgo candy giveaways. The annual festival — which includes two other parades where handouts were already prohibited — is put on by Anoka Halloween Inc., a nonprofit made up of volunteers.
A Facebook post made Friday about the rule change on the Anoka Halloween page had attracted about 250 comments as of Tuesday.
Days earlier, needing overtime to pull out a win against the Orlando Magic, it was Waiters who drove to his left with the clock running down, sinking a lay-up that would eventually send the Cavaliers into extra frames. Down two points with 20 seconds to go against the Pacers, Waiters once again took an inbound pass at the top of the key. The 6-foot-3-inch guard was being guarded by a 6-foot-9-inch small forward in Paul George, one of the best defenders in the league. Waiters made quick work of George, blowing by him on a drive to his right side. The catch: The Pacers center, a 7-foot tall Roy Hibbert, was playing weak-side defense and turned into a brick wall, forcing Waiters to take a tough shot that would ultimately not fall .
“Paul George is a good defender, but I knew I could get by him,” Waiters would say. “It was that next guy you had to worry about. If I could do it differently, I would, but I was just trying to be aggressive at that moment and put the pressure on the refs to make a call.”
Amidst a roller coaster of a season, fewer players wearing wine and gold on a nightly basis have experienced the twists and turns that have been associated to Dion Waiters. Less than one month into the season and it was Waiters’ name penned into the heart of stories rooted in team dysfunction—some going as far as speculation surrounding a fist fight, aided by Irving showing up with a black eye Trade rumors swirled, looming large like black clouds over the ebbs and flows of each passing day, but were consistently shot down like clay pigeons with both the team and the player toting verbal shotguns—”It’s nonsense,” said Waiters of a rumored meeting between he and then GM Chris Grant. “Man, I ain’t sitting in no office for three hours.” As the season wore on, when posed a question specifically regarding Waiters, Brown has gone as far as he has to to admit pleasure in his player’s offensive skill set, but consistently stops short of delivering full-blown praise—enough to keep other teams interested in the event that they had yearned to acquire the shooting guard via trade, but not enough to make the player feel as if he was meeting all expectations during what was just his sophomore season.
Waiters’ decision-making has long been criticized, often predicated upon shot selection, shot form, and a lack of anything that could be classified as “hustle.” At the same time, over the course of the last two years, when selecting a topic for the annual CavsZine, this very author has made Waiters his subject of choice . Maybe it’s the mystery. Maybe it’s the way he’s the first person to rush over and defend a pesky teammate or an irate coach. Maybe it’s the unfair (and oftentimes inaccurate) notions cast upon the man who lives inside of said mystery. To be fair, it is easy to be the subject of criticism when you tell the world that you believe you can be the best shooting guard in the entire world and subsequently put up a win-share total that is lower than your team’s reserve center.
Then again, it could be that same (somewhat inflated) sense of self that makes Dion Waiters. Despite all of the struggles that the 2013-14 season has thrown his way, he’s still that same kid out of inner-city Philly who stepped into Cleveland Clinic Courts and stared wide-eyed like it was the Land of Oz; he’s the kid with “BLESSED” scrawled across his shoulders; he’s still as confident as ever. When recently asked about his mindset between being a member of the starting five or providing relief off of the bench, Waiters didn’t skip a beat. “It’s all the same: Go in there and kill somebody.”
Long having provided off-the-ball relief, leading the NBA in scoring off of the bench, Waiters has taken on a different persona as of late, doing so against the best the NBA has to offer. Against the Miami Heat earlier this month, Waiters’ ball skills were on display as he recorded his first double-double. He would thank his teammates for hitting their shots after he found them, whether it was for an easy two or a clutch three. Two nights later, he tied a career high with 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder, being a part of a 21-2 run that rivaled the comeback attemp made against the Pacers back in early January. His driving lay-up pulled his team within five; as things began to slip away, he would drain a three-pointer to give the Cavs one final chance. Against the Houston Rockets, Waiters once again paced the Cavaliers with 26 points, adding eight more assists for good measure. One night later, on the second night of a back-to-back, he provided 22 more points as the wine and gold ended the New York Knicks’ eight-game winning streak. It would be Jarrett Jack in the spotlight, leading the team in scoring and assists (31 and 10, respectively), but it would be Waiters who not only kept double-teams away from his backcourt mate, but hit a clutch three-pointer to put his team up by four late in the fourth quarter, having entered it down by nine.
He also spit out a salvo of statements diametrically opposed to the fabric of reality. Here's all the proof you need to decide that RIM isn't just fucked, but not even due for an enjoyable fucking. The man in charge is full of shit. To wit, from an op-ed in the Globe and Mail that will make you weep:
Recycling and refuse collection for Monday and for Dec. 31 will not be affected. Collection for the remainder of each week will shift forward one day, with Friday collection made on Saturday.
Recycling and refuse collection for Monday and for Dec. 31 will not be affected. Collection for the remainder of each week will shift forward one day, with Friday collection made on Saturday.
"And if you look at her, she doesn’t look anything like Bill," Stone continued. "She looks just like her daddy, despite four plastic surgeries, the youngest one when she’s only 18. What 18-year-old gets plastic surgery unless you’re trying to, I don’t know, thin out the lips and make you look less like your daddy?"
According to Hance, about 40 people showed up to Apex Bar — many of them with gear and donations in-hand. They showed Minhyeong what Portland is really all about as they shared free food donated to the event by Grind Musubi. “Definitely made me proud to be a Portlander! It was overwhelming, I won’t lie.” Hance wrote on in an email to supporters.
Portland-based apparel company Showers Pass donated store credit that Minhyeong has used to get a new jacket (the cool Atlas model no less). Right now Hance is helping Minhyeong organize a list of gear he still needs to replace with hopes of getting back on the road in 2-3 weeks. He also said friends of Minhyeong’s took him shopping for a new bike today. The outpouring of support has certainly made an impression.
BikePortland is supported by the community (that means you!). Please become a subscriber or make a donation today.
A mother passing by her daughter's bedroom was astonished to see the bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then she saw an envelope propped up prominently on the center of the bed. It was addressed, "Mom." With the worst premonition, she opened the envelope and read the letter with trembling hands:
The “industrial scale” of phone hacking at the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and the People made the News of the World look like a “small cottage industry” in comparison, the high court in London has heard.
Between June 2002 and mid-2006, Sherborne said MGN journalists made nearly 10,000 calls to Orange’s voicemail platform, which allows people to access their messages by calling a general number and entering their personal details. He said senior MGN journalists gave “deliberately crafted and disingenuous statements” to the Leveson inquiry into press ethics, and accused MGN of withholding key evidence that meant that only the “very tip of the proverbial iceberg” could be revealed.
The court also heard that senior journalists made in-jokes about a hacked voicemail alleged to have been the source of a scoop revealing Sven-Göran Eriksson’s affair with Ulrika Jonsson.
The publicly listed publisher had strenuously denied any wrongdoing until September last year, when it made limited admissions in court. The newspaper group has since set up a £12m compensation fund for hacking victims and last month printed an apology in its three papers for “an unwarranted and unacceptable intrusion into people’s private lives”.
Madeira vine (Anredera cordifolia) is a hardy perennial which climbs up trees and then proceeds to produce long tails of flowers followed by clusters of airborne bubils, which fall off, and make more Madeira vines.
It’s a pickle, isn’t it – what do you make of this issue?
Actually, speaking of pickles, i rekon Madeira vine would make a good pickle or kraut addition…
“You have to make a distinction. There’s the kids and there’s real fighters, the osnova,” he says, using a word that roughly translates as “the base” or “foundation.”
This praetorian guard of Russian hooliganism is made up of older, more experienced men who train hard, seldom drink, and follow health and fitness regimes that make them the diametric opposite of “getting drunk and having a go.”
“I could see those mistakes immediately just by watching on TV, and no experienced fighters would have made them,” he said. “In Marseilles it was kids, youngsters.”
While it is hard enough to describe something effectively in fiction1—how a thing smells, moves, looks—sometimes it is useful to further describe how exactly a thing seems or appears to be, above and beyond any discernible physical characteristics. The ineffable sense of how things are often makes up the best and most memorable aspect of a piece of writing, but it can be among the hardest things to get right. It is useful for writers to remember that often this aspect of seeming and appearing will be conveyed through metaphor; and often the seeming and appearing will touch in some way on the meaning of what is being observed—or will include a mention of a character’s feelings about, or engagement with, the thing observed.
Notice how Rose’s observation of this long exact list of gross-out sufferings—”eczema, stained underarms, dandruff, moldy deposits on the teeth and crusty flakes in the corners of the eyes”—is implicitly disowned twice (we are told that this is only how “it seemed”) and very explicitly disowned three times: “It was not possible, of course….It was not possible….That was only what she thought.” (And notice further that Rose’s disowning of the list in no way erases the impression the list has made on us.)
In this new potatoes-to-vodka model, the potatoes, of course, are the physical matter of a story—shoes, ceilings, arguments, sentences, eyebrows, wind, cat hair, Coca-Cola, and jump ropes3, while vodka is the metaphysical understanding derived from these physical things. We may call this a writer’s p:v ratio, representing the efficiency with which a writer typically makes use of the world.
By contrast, a writer may be particularly interested in spirit—literally so in the case of, for example, James Baldwin, whose stories and novels tend to avoid physical description while dwelling more on abstract concerns. In his story “The Outing”, three boys are on the make in various ways during a church retreat. Then they enter the meeting room:
3. Nouns are especially weighty. Descriptions are usually made of nouns and adjectives. But actions and lines of dialog must also be recognized as potato-esque in their effects, too, and a very good description will usually contain some element of action. Notice where your attention tends to catch and where it tends to slide in this description of Gabriel, from “The Dead”:
5. Updike’s reliance on seemed here and throughout his mighty oeuvre suggests his general preoccupation with the truth that lurks behind appearances, with making sure that everything be understood; and if it is this impulse that gives rise to his occasional overweening anxiety that we get the point of something, it strikes me as a fitting impulse. Very tall, he was terribly gawky as a child, with a gigantic nose, debilitating eczema, a comical stutter, and to top it all off a world-class mind. No one looking at him could have guessed what he really was. No wonder that the Rabbit books feature a man who, on the surface, is mostly unremarkable—a former high school basketball star, a printing press operator, a car salesman, a middling husband and father—and yet who has perhaps the most florid, nuanced internal life of any character ever composed. Related to this, surely, is Updike’s chronic affection for adverbs, those gravitational devices that control the flight of a verb even after it has been set loose. What other author would give us a character who “steered sullenly”? A life that is “majestically rooted”? Why else would he describe a hoard of treasure as “surreptitiously hidden”? Because of a mostly generous desire to make sure we get what he’s saying. That we get him, really, the kid with the big nose and the hideous skin, who also happens to be, as he might say, transcendently alight.
We are on kickstarter to raise awareness of our cause and our brand. We will use everything we raise on the business and on establishing our brand to make our vision a reality.
While officials said she had not made good on the 30 days of community service and 52 Alcoholics Anonymous meetings the court ordered her to fulfill, on deadline, as part of her sentence, TMZ reported that her legal team was able to prove that she had completed both tasks late.
Robert’s energy was infectious and his aspirations heady. But he was strongly motivated to start making wine. Fired from Krug without any significant severance pay, Robert was under severe financial pressure. With construction costs mounting, he sought to produce cash flow as quickly as possible. So he set an ambitious timeline. He was determined to bring in the harvest that first year and crush grapes to make the Robert Mondavi Winery’s first vintage. From groundbreaking to crush, he had two, or perhaps three, months at most. Although Robert had probably not fully formed his intentions for the new winery in 1966, even by then the people who were helping him to make it happen recognized that his dreams were lofty.
Krug also crushed grapes for the Robert Mondavi winery’s first year, sold it yeast, bottles, and a labeling machine, and loaned the new winery a bottling machine free of charge. As a safety net, Peter and Rosa agreed to pay Robert a $9,000-a-year consulting fee after he was fired, although he never performed any consulting services for Krug. While they didn’t welcome Robert as a competitor, they also didn’t want him to fail. As Peter later explained, “We felt that he needed some support from the family inasmuch as he ventured, and we wanted to see him make a success of what he was doing.” Louis Martini and the winemakers at Beaulieu also pitched in to help out their old friend.
To the astonishment of some of the friends and rivals who’d called him crazy, Robert managed to make wine that first year. In 1966, the new Robert Mondavi Winery crushed about 490 tons of grapes—even though there was nothing even close to resembling a building on the site yet. By the time the crush rolled around, there were only concrete slabs on the ground, foundations for the fermenting tanks. In the open air, Robert pumped the juice from the fermenting tanks into other tanks. As summer became autumn, workers were plastering the walls of the newly erected building, even as Warren Winiarski made the wine.
For growers such as Holmes and Hart, crush is a moment of death as well as birth. The life that they have nurtured from bud break through harvest is coming to an end; another is about to begin. “There is a death taking place here,” reflects Warren Winiarski, who later became one of the valley’s most famous winemakers. “It’s the death of the grape. I never saw a grower sad, but solemn. They’re glad that it’s happening but it’s a mixed feeling. They’ve worked all that season to make these grapes what they are and now they are being crushed, being destroyed in order to be reborn into a different substance. They’re glad but also a little bit mindful of destruction.”
The Robert Mondavi Winery’s growing reputation was built on fine wines, meaning expensive wines made almost exclusively from Napa Valley grapes. It was also built on Robert’s gift for hiring talented winemakers. Keeping those winemakers was another matter, though. For Robert faced an ongoing problem: With one son in the business and another likely to join, the family would always get the credit for the elegant wines that were produced at Oakville, even though it was often the staffers doing much of the work. And although Robert would pay employees 10 to 15 percent above other wineries’ wages and offered such perks as weekly wine tastings, there was a ceiling to any career ambitions that a staffer without the last name Mondavi might entertain at the winery. The family openly acknowledged this.
Michael, upon his return, worked hard and earned just $650 a week. To try to drum up business, he would sometimes drive slowly down Highway 29 from Rutherford to Oakville, waiting for cars to stack up behind him. Driving a pickup truck borrowed from his father-in-law, he’d then slowly make the right-hand turn into the winery. When a car or two followed him, as they often did, he’d jump out of his truck and stick out his hand, saying, “Hi there, I’m Michael Mondavi. Would you like a tour?” Yet, Michael also clearly enjoyed an advantage because of his last name, even joking about it at times. On meeting Michael for the first time for a job interview, one applicant asked if he minded that the applicant’s wife also worked at the winery.
Grgich made the short, two-mile drive down Highway 29 and met with Robert on a wooden bench, near the Robert Mondavi Winery’s mission-style arch. It was a sunny fall day and Robert’s enthusiasm was infectious, as he explained to Grgich his dream of making French-style wines with the newest and most technologically advanced equipment available. Robert also explained that his son recently had returned from duty in the National Guard and was the vice president of winemaking. “I need someone to help my son Michael, who is very young,” Robert told Grgich. While his job title would be head of quality control, in fact he would run the winemaking operation for the family and be the actual winemaker, in a deus-ex-machina fashion. In return, Robert offered Grgich the opportunity to build his reputation as one of the finest winemakers of his generation.
“Mike, if you join my company, I’ll make out of you a little André Tchelistcheff!” he promised him.
It was an irresistible offer, made more so because of Robert’s evident passion to make the Robert Mondavi Winery America’s finest. Grgich accepted and got to work, introducing—among other methods he had learned at Beaulieu—malolactic fermentation, a technique that lends a soft, buttery quality to wines by converting hard malic acids into soft lactic acids. Every Monday, led by Robert, the staff would have their own blind tastings of Mondavi wines against the best from France. It entered into company legend that the winery was California’s largest importer of French grand crus because of these competitive tastings. Robert showed up at the winery nearly as early as Grgich, at six or seven each morning during crush, to taste the progress of the fermenting juice from the barrels or discuss a technical issue with his winemaker.
The very first Cabernet Grgich made for the winery, the 1969, was entered in a blind tasting—which meant that the wine labels would be hidden from the judges—against several other Cabernet Sauvignons from California. Organized by the Los Angeles Times’s wine writer, Robert Lawrence Balzer, the judges, who included Tchelistcheff and Robert, had made most of the wines being tasted that day. When the judges voted the 1969 Robert Mondavi Winery Cabernet as the very best, that decision led to a rush of favorable publicity for the young winery, catapulting it overnight into the ranks of such revered wines as those made at Beaulieu.
Though Grgich had made the wine, Robert took credit for it.
Meanwhile, the case continues to make headlines across the globe and foster discussions about the ethics of artificially prolonging life. Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network, an organization launched shortly after the contentious death of Terri Schiavo in 2005, has been overseeing efforts by several groups to assist in Jahi’s transfer.
Death is difficult for many Americans to accept, partly because modern medical technologies have made it possible to prolong life longer than ever before. “This is an extremely difficult situation for anyone to go through, because it involves the death of what appeared to be an otherwise normal, healthy child. No parent expects anything to go wrong with their child,” Hughes said. “We can keep her alive for years on life-support, but to what end? Are we doing what is best for the patient or what is best for the family?”
Soaps are mixtures of sodium or potassium salts of fatty acids which can be derived from oils or fats by reacting them with an alkali (such as sodium or potassium hydroxide) at 80°–100 °C in a process known as saponification. fat + NaOH ---> glycerol + sodium salt of fatty acid CH 2 -OOC-R - CH-OOC-R - CH 2 -OOC-R (fat) + 3 NaOH ( or KOH) both heated ---> CH 2 -OH -CH-OH - CH 2 -OH (glycerol) + 3 R-CO 2 -Na (soap) R=(CH 2 ) 14 CH 3 Note about 3D molecules -- Our files on this page now use Jsmol instead of Jmol . These files make use of Javascript which permits viewing of molecules on tablets, phones and easier use on Macs. - Jsmol is best viewed with the Chrome browser. Try this!! Click the right mouse button with the cursor over the image--> Labels --> Element Symbols Click on the left mouse button and rotate the soap structure. Notice that one end of the molecules is made up of a hydrocarbon chain -- the other end is a very polar structure containing oxygen and sodium. Soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar at opposite ends of the molecule. How does Soap Work? Nearly all compounds fall into one of two categories: hydrophilic ('water-loving') and hydrophobic ('water-hating'). Water and anything that will mix with water are hydrophilic. Oil and anything that will mix with oil are hydrophobic. When water and oil are mixed they separate. Hydrophilic and hydrophobic compounds just don't mix. The cleansing action of soap is determined by its polar and non-polar structures in conjunction with an application of solubility principles. The long hydrocarbon chain is non-polar and hydrophobic (repelled by water). The "salt" end of the soap molecule is ionic and hydrophilic (water soluble). When grease or oil (non-polar hydrocarbons) are mixed with a soap- water solution, the soap molecules work as a bridge between polar water molecules and non-polar oil molecules. Since soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar molecules the soap can act as an emulsifier. An emulsifier is capable of dispersing one liquid into another immiscible liquid. This means that while oil (which attracts dirt) doesn't naturally mix with water, soap can suspend oil/dirt in such a way that it can be removed. The soap will form micelles (see below) and trap the fats within the micelle. Since the micelle is soluble in water, it can easily be washed away. [Micelle shown using the Jsmol
d) soap is made of just carbon and hydrogen atoms
IT’S YOU THAT DECIDES IT CAN’T HAPPEN You can calmly accept that, if you want to have something, you will need to reach out and take it. You will have to fill your own belly with food. It is as terrifying and as easy as that. Your best life will not be handed to you by the universe. But that’s OK. Because the universe doesn’t know what you want. The universe is like that great aunt you have who smells like medicine and knits you a jumper for Christmas that’s two sizes too big and has three sleeves and says ‘From Your Aunt Morgaret’ on the front even though that’s not her name. That’s nobody’s name. MAKE LISTS Take it as lightly as you can. Be nice to yourself. Hold your own hand. Understand that these are things that need to happen. They’re things that can happen. You can make the phone calls you need to make, you can fill out the forms that need filling in, you can learn what needs to be learned. You can push through the panic and do what you need to move forward. You can do these things, not because the world will fall apart if you don’t, but because you are as important as any other person on this planet, and your life will be better and more enjoyable if you try your best to get to where you want to be. Also because it’s what Aunt Morgaret would have wanted.
Esmé Kirby was the conservationist who formed the Snowdonia National Park Society. Her career began as an actress, and at 23 she married Thomas Firbank, whose bestselling book, I Bought a Mountain (1940) tells of their married life at Dyffryn, a 3,000-acre farm near Capel Curig. Their marriage ended as the Second World War began but Esmé continued to farm on her own in the rugged Snowdonia landscape and made a success of it. She remarried and became a volunteer conservationist and formed the Snowdonia National Park Society, to ensure the mountains were protected from future development. The local farming community saw her strength and determination, and helped her to succeed… She made a success of Dyffryn against all the odds, leaving a lasting legacy.
Kate Bosse-Griffiths, of German-Jewish descent, succeeded in fleeing from Germany to the Britain in 1937. She fell in love, married, began writing in Wales and established Cylch Cadwgan whilst the Nazis made life in Germany and Europe hell on Earth. Her family was persecuted. A few tried to become a part of the system, others struggled in spite of the system, and some self-sacrifed in opposition of the system.
The sounds a modern car makes are deliberate, designed, and a deception: the clicking of the turn signal isn't a mechanical tick-tock; it's an MP3 of a mechanical tick-tock, played back through hidden speakers. The engine's rumble is tuned with active noise-cancelling that mutes the tones that jangle the ears.
Sidney asked her friends not to discuss her past as she believed her humble beginnings, and Day's mistreatment of her, would tarnish her reputation. Anna Seward nevertheless wrote about Sidney's upbringing in her 1804 work Memoirs on the Life of Dr. Darwin. As Seward publicly identified Sidney in the book, it was criticised by the press, and Sidney's son John was very angry to learn of his mother's past. In his 1820 memoirs, Edgeworth stated his belief that Sidney and Day made a good match and that she loved him. Sidney disagreed with these accounts, saying that Day had made her miserable, and that she had effectively been a slave.
McIntyre allowed two goals or fewer in eight of his nine starts last month, despite facing at least 30 shots seven times. After returning to Providence on Dec. 1 from an extended stay in Boston, McIntyre opened the month with a 31-save performance in a 6-2 win vs. Binghamton on Dec. 2, and he matched a career high with 38 saves in a 2-1 overtime victory over Springfield on Dec. 4. McIntyre stopped 31 of 32 shots and all three shootout attempts to earn a 2-1 victory over Hartford on Dec. 11, and he made 35 saves as Providence defeated Utica, 3-1, on Dec. 21. McIntyre closed out the month with 29 saves as the Bruins went to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton and beat the league-leading Penguins, 5-2, on Dec. 30.
A 24-year-old native of Thief River Falls, Minn., McIntyre is 10-0-0 in 12 appearances for Providence this season and leads the AHL with a 1.41 goals-against average and a .951 save percentage. McIntyre, a sixth-round pick by Boston in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, also made his NHL debut earlier this season and appeared in three games with the parent Bruins. The University of North Dakota product has played 43 AHL games over his first two pro seasons, going 24-8-7 with a 2.32 GAA and a .914 save percentage.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi was emphatic. Mitt Romney’s refusal to release more than two years of his personal tax returns, she said, makes him unfit to win confirmation as a member of the president’s Cabinet, let alone to hold the high office himself.
Sen. Harry Reid went farther: Romney’s refusal to make public more of his tax records makes him unfit to be a dogcatcher.
“We’d like to know what’s in those tax returns that he refuses to show to the American public. Did he pay any taxes?” Reid asked in an impassioned speech to the Senate on July 11. Days later, Reid, who’s from Nevada, suggested that Romney’s refusal to release more than two years of tax returns would make him ineligible to serve even as dogcatcher.
When it comes to the valuation of investments or reporting of income on the annual disclosure forms, what’s required are broad numbers such as between $250,000 and $500,000 or $1 million and $5 million. That makes it hard to determine how much benefit a lawmaker might get from competing tax plans.
McClatchy isn’t releasing the tax returns under the terms of the agreement with the lawmakers. Reporters requested the returns to examine in detail how members would be personally affected by changes in tax laws being debated in Congress including income tax rates, as well as taxes on capital gains and dividends and deductions for such expenses as home mortgage interest. In exchange for sharing their returns, members were told their actual returns would not be made public.
A Pew Research reanalysis of the 2000-2001 National Jewish Population Survey suggests that at that time, 93% of Jews in that study were Jews by religion and 7% were Jews of no religion (after some adjustments to make the NJPS and Pew Research categories as similar as possible). In the new Pew Research survey, 78% of Jews are Jews by religion, and fully 22% are Jews of no religion (including 6% who are atheist, 4% who are agnostic and 12% whose religion is “nothing in particular”). Though the two studies employed different question wording and methodologies and are thus not directly comparable, the magnitude of these differences suggests that Jews of no religion have grown as a share of the Jewish population and the overall U.S. public. The new Pew Research survey finds that approximately 0.5% of U.S. adults — about 1.2 million people — are Jews of no religion.
Delta 9 Bio-Tech, one of only two Manitoba firms licensed by the federal government to produce cannabis for medical users, could make its debut on the TSX Venture Exchange as soon as today. The listing has received conditional approval from the exchange, said Delta 9 co-founder John Arbuthnot, who is confident his firm will be listed by the end of the week.
Delta 9 Bio-Tech, one of only two Manitoba firms licensed by the federal government to produce cannabis for medical users, could make its debut on the TSX Venture Exchange as soon as today. The listing has received conditional approval from the exchange, said Delta 9 co-founder John Arbuthnot, who is confident his firm will be listed by the end of the week.
So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)
Printer Friendly Brad - Thursday 05 March 2009 - 13:56:26 - Permalink I saw a few days ago that the U.S. savings rate has increased to 5%. To my mind, this is Good News: people are starting to get responsible about their finances, starting to pay down their debt, and starting to put some cash away for hard times. I figure this is exactly what's needed to get out of the credit swamp and back to a sustainable economy.Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"The "paradox of thrift" holds that what is good for every individual (thrift and saving) is bad for the economy at large....rather as if the economy were one gigantic Prisoner's Dilemma . Mainstream economists love citing this, perhaps because it sprang from the mind of the exalted J. M. Keynes.I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.So, it's time to slay the revenant Keynes. Like Karl Marx, his half-baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people's lives. It's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation. It enjoys what I call "academic celebrity" -- not "famous because it is famous", but rather "accepted because it's accepted."Alas, I don't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse. And from the rubble, I'm sure we'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian: "It's because we didn't stimulate enough!"
A well-crafted strategy is the foundation for success—and it’s what separates the most effective brands on Twitter from the also-rans. Without a clear plan, you will waste time and money tweeting without a clear understanding of how your activities are helping your organization meet its goals. And when it comes time to review your performance, you’ll struggle to prove what you’ve achieved. And that will make it hard to make the case for increasing your team size or budget.
From these objectives, craft specific and measurable goals. This will make it easy for you to evaluate progress and prove success. For example, if your objective is to provide your sales team with high-quality leads through social, your goal might be “use Twitter to drive 30 email sign-ups per month.”
Teams working in large (or growing) organizations can find themselves working in silos. If you find this happening to your social marketing team, make sure you keep tearing down those silos and stay connected to other teams. Their work can be a rich source of information and assets to share with your followers. And they may be gathering insights that can open up new opportunities for your Twitter strategy.
A strategically optimized Twitter profile can do far more than just share your name, handle, and description. With a few quick tweaks, you can boost the visual impact of your profile; target a precise physical location or general area; help customers find other Twitter profiles your company manages; and make it easier for people to interact with your brand and start conversations about your products. For all the details, see our video on optimizing your profile settings on Twitter.
Of course, after investing all this work in crafting a great profile, you’ll want to make sure people actually find it. Add your Twitter handle to your website, email signatures, the side of your delivery truck, and wherever else it makes sense to show it off.
Another key reason to listen on social is to find influencers and experts in your field. Nearly 40 percent of Twitter users say they’ve made a purchase as a direct result of a tweet from an influencer, and 49 percent say they rely on influencers when looking for product recommendations.
Hootsuite makes it easy to set up streams that allow you to not only monitor conversations and keywords, but respond or assign the response to someone else on your team. And with Hootsuite Insights, you can monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to stay on top of trends, understand the conversations happening around your brand, and discover which content is resonating with your audience.
Yes, the limit is 280 characters—but you don’t have to use all those characters every time to create a great tweet. Mix up the length of tweets, and remember to use a URL shortener (like Ow.ly, available in the Hootsuite dashboard) to prevent links from taking up more space than necessary (and make it easier to include UTM parameters without creating clutter).
According to Wyzowl’s State of Video Marketing 2017 report, 79 percent of consumers would rather watch a video to learn about a product than read text on a page—and 84 percent of consumers have been convinced to make a purchase after watching a brand’s video. You might tweet out videos your organization has created, retweet relevant video content your audience would find valuable, or explore ways to share real-time video on Twitter.
Twitter lists can be a great way to organize the people you follow on Twitter. If you use Hootsuite, you can easily set up streams to listen to your competitors right from your dashboard. Monitor your brand/company keywords— Twitter Analytics and other tools make it easy to do this. For a more comprehensive approach, you can Hootsuite Insights to monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to make sure you stay on top of trending content that matters to you.
Twitter Analytics and other tools make it easy to do this. For a more comprehensive approach, you can Hootsuite Insights to monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to make sure you stay on top of trending content that matters to you. Have a crisis communications plan—As our CEO Ryan Holmes pointed out in a LinkedIn post on “tone-deaf” brands, companies that haven’t embraced the concept of social listening risk opening themselves up to full-blown PR disasters on social. Learn from their cautionary tales and put a plan in place for crisis communications—and then hope you never need to use it.
As great as your social media strategy may be, there are times when it makes sense to supplement your organic efforts with paid advertising to achieve your objectives on Twitter. Depending on the specific goal you’re working toward, you can promote your individual tweets, your account, or even a trend you’d like to amplify and associate with your business. When you’re ready to get started, check out our complete guide to Twitter Ads.
The Zoom clips on top of the sensor without any modification and effectively makes Kinect look the wrong way through a pair of binoculars.
Hinault: Ah, no. It’s a great honor. Not everybody gets a chance to wear it. And because I had the rainbow jersey, I made sure I was in shape earlier the following season. As a result, I won races earlier in the season. That was the year that I won Paris-Roubaix. Usually I wasn’t competitive so early in the season.
Ansari’s involvement with England’s Test team underlined that consuming focus – while making him regret the way in which international sport isolated him from real life. “I don’t want to make it sound negative but being an England cricketer requires a single-mindedness about cricket I lack. At Surrey, having lots of disparate things in my life helped my cricket. But this approach was not appropriate with England. The standard of cricket and the intensity of being abroad for 12 weeks, with the press around you, meant I could not be myself. I was missing out on things that are authentic to me.”
He was proud to have become a Test cricketer and Ansari knew he should be thinking more about bowling to Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli than worrying about Donald Trump. But such a restricted worldview did not make sense. “It was a very politically significant time. Trump was elected on the first day of our opening Test in India. I was batting at 10 and we weren’t allowed our phones in the dressing room. I was getting snippets of information from security but I felt so disconnected from something I would have been hyper-connected to here. The combination of playing very difficult cricket, while missing things that mattered so much, made me think more clearly about my future.
Ansari can now savour his three Test appearances. “Absolutely. The crowds weren’t that large in India [in Rajkot and Visakhapatnam] or Bangladesh – but they were intense and exuberant. The atmosphere made it special and I am more and more proud of those five wickets and the 49 runs I scored. My first Test wicket in Bangladesh was quite magical and it meant a lot when I was handed my cap. Mark Ramprakash [England’s batting coach] and I had played a little cricket together and he spoke incredibly kindly about me. That sense of entering an exclusive group is something to be proud of.”
Cricket is a wonderful diversion – and, as Ansari makes clear, it can also play a part in uniting communities. “It was a special moment this winter when we had four very different England players with a Muslim background in Moeen Ali, Adil Rashid, Haseeb Hameed and me on tour. They will continue to be great representatives for England.”
Ansari will make his own lasting contribution in very different fields. At 25 it’s impossible to know yet where his best work will unfold – but it is easy to believe that, beyond cricket, so many more people will benefit from his intelligence and concern for the world around him. Zafar Ansari’s real life, after all, has only just begun.
Alex Marunchak would go on to deny those allegations , as well as other allegations made by Tom Watson.
Concerns over connections between Masonic Lodge members and the murder required the 36 police officers involved with the case to state they had never been Freemasons, with Cook describing the murder as being one of the worst kept secrets in south-east London, claiming “a whole cabal of people” knew the identity of at least some of those involved. He also claimed attempts had been made to smear Daniel Morgan’s character and there had been attempts to link him with Colombian drug dealers. He identified the main suspects as "white Anglo-Saxons".
Yet again bugs were placed, Jonathan Rees, Sid Fillery, and Glenn and Gary Vian were arrested, along with a builder, James Cook, all on suspicion of murder, plus other related charges. This time however, the suspects made it to court.
While securities analysts said that such criticism of the bank's policies will not hamper the bank's public listing, NCB held a meeting on Thursday to discuss with the components of its board, such as the bank's chief executive, chairman and other officials, on how to make it Sharia-compliant.
: As the name implies, this function will create an ellipse shape. We can configure the ellipse radius and move the shape center coordinate as well. But unlike the function, the function applies two radius measurements, horizontal and vertical, hence . polygon() : This function enables us to create more complex shapes like triangles, hexagons, as well as non-geometrical shapes. Using polygon is not as easy as creating a circle, but the Path to Polygon Converter tool makes it a bit more intuitive.
The pitch that the internal team gave to its higher-ups was that of a “Massively Multiplayer Online Theme Park,” which obviously appealed to Disney’s sensibilities. But the “20 MMOs in one” concept was too expensive — to the tune of $100 million — and so the team started working on an Atlantis: The Lost Empire MMO as an alternative. This project didn’t make it to launch (fortunately, considering that the movie floundered at the box office), and the team moved on to creating a town full of cartoon characters in the vein of the movie Who Framed Roger Rabbit? With about six million dollars budgeted, Toontown began production in 2000.
“We made Toontown a place for everyone, much like our theme parks, so it would appeal to a mass audience. In addition, and in the tradition of the Disney theme parks, this online attraction will grow over time, continuously offering our guests an ever-changing adventure,” said Managing Director Ken Goldstein.
“We know that it has been a long time since we originally promised the Toontown Rewritten alpha, however we do have good reason for the delays,” the project team posted in October 2013. “The more we worked on Toontown Rewritten, the more we saw that this game is severely outdated and needs a big rework. These past three months we have been setting groundwork to make sure that this game is not only revived, but revived so that it will last.”
It really goes to show that you never know how certain MMOs can make a lasting imprint in the minds and hearts of fans and how these games can become virtual homes that players never want to leave.
Farrell, who once served on the board of the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women, has come in for his share of controversy and misunderstanding over the years. Renewed interest in the forty-year-old interview he gave to Penthouse about his research on the positive side of incest (cousin-cousin, uncle-niece, aunt-nephew, brother-sister, and same-sex sibling incest are beneficial, he said, in 95 percent of the cases he looked at; mother-son incest is 70 percent positive) hasn’t helped matters; the angry protesters he attracted when he spoke at the University of Toronto in November, 2012 must have stung him too (though men’s rights activists, aka MRAs, made good use of the publicity).
Provocatively, he suggested that the name “men’s rights activist” be retired. “You know and I know that men do need rights. We need the right to equal parenting. We need the right to not be the only gender registering for the draft. We need the right to have Men’s Studies,” he said. “But men’s rights is a tougher than necessary fight in a world that believes that men made the rules and have all the rights to begin with. It’s like asking for king’s rights.”
Carnell Smith, a crusader against paternity fraud, told some hair-raising stories about men who had been entrapped into paying the upkeep for other men’s children; he made the point that both the men and the women who lied to them were being used by the “evil empire” of Child Support Enforcement, which collects money without regard to whether the putative father is the biological father—or whether he even has a relationship with the children. Robert Franklin, an attorney and father’s activist, eviscerated the family court system; Terrence Popp, a war hero who lost custody of his children and became homeless upon his return from Iraq, testified to his sense of betrayal by his wife and by the courts.
The last speaker was the libertarian Stephan Molyneux, who reframed circumcision as male genital mutilation and turned the tables on the feminist notion that men are uniquely violent. 90 percent of a child’s brain and character are formed in the first five years, he said, when boys spend most of their time with their mothers or the mostly female caregivers in day care settings. It is women’s violence against boys—corporal punishment, yelling, shaming—that creates violent male adults, he said, referring to a study of Texas mothers, who reportedly hit their children more than 900 times a year. Mothers like those are as stressed as they are, he added, because of the bad choices they made—they picked the wrong men to have children with; they put their careers ahead of their responsibility to their children. In the good old days before the welfare state, he concluded, illegitimate children were given up for adoption to two-parent homes, where they invariably thrived. Thanks to subsidized daycare and a host of other public services, single mothers now have the wherewithal to ruin their children’s lives. Molyneux’s enthusiasm for compelled adoptions clashed a little with the sentiments of many of the other speakers, who deplored how little efforts courts made to involve unmarried fathers in their children’s lives, but there was no push-back from the attendees in the Q&A that followed.
I used to grind. I be telling people, you don’t grind, you don’t sell. I was like 15, 16 getting dropped off in the city by myself, with my own beat CDs. I had met Gucci [Mane] at this studio, Patchwerk. 2005 or some shit. I ain’t even know he was gonna be there. And I had gave him some beats to let him hear, and he just went in the lounge and started freestyling on all my beats and shit. Next thing you know, he saw me again: “Yo, you buddy with the beats, right? Let me buy that beat from you, man.” I got a band. [Editor’s note: A “band” as in the thing that makes her dance.]
The vocals [on the original reference track] were by Rock City, a songwriting group that I work with. The beat was slow, it was real piano-ish. I told them, “If you can make a party record out of this, we out of here.” And then when [Miley] had did it, we had worked on it a couple times. The first version doesn’t sound like the version that actually came out: Rock City, they from the [Virgin] Islands, so the first version had more of an island melody. Miley’s version, we told her to keep her country twang tone instead of trying to sound like the reference, and it came out dope.
We were recording at this one studio once and she ended up leaving late and they took a picture of her leaving late and they made up a whole story and it was like, “Ohhh so this is how your life goes.”
This conflicts with GPL section 2(b) that states: "You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License." This means that both the executable and the source code, and any modifications made to either, must be distributed under the GPL. Although it is true that Canonical also distributes ZFS as a Filesystem in Userspace (FUSE) module, in which case the kernel and the module are considered separate entities and no license conflict exists, Canonical also distributes ZFS as a native kernel module, which gives rise to a clash of licenses with regard to the source code.
Multiple attendees felt that interpreting clauses in the GPL "in their spirit" would undo the enforcement work and weaken the license's legal standing, leading to a slippery slope that infringers could take advantage of. "Why," an infringer could argue, "is clause 2(b) not taken literally in the Canonical case, but it is for me?" Attendees also felt that, by not applying licenses literally, developers that had already licensed their work under the likes of the GPLv2 would wonder why they bothered; and those that were considering using the license would now be reluctant, because the move to interpreting the license in its spirit would make it seem vague and ambiguous.
That characterization may have been a mistake. Attendees took offense at the notion that, by defending the literal validity of the GPLv2, a license Moglen himself had been instrumental in creating, they would somehow be made responsible for a hypothetical demise of the free-software movement. As the morning sessions drew to a close, there was the prevalent feeling that the CDDL-GPL issue had opened a rift in the FOSS legal community.
The company said the cuts are being made to reduce redundancies, focus resources and prioritize investment in programming, monetization and innovation.
The cuts are being made through a combination of voluntary buyouts, layoffs and other measures. Employees whose positions are directly impacted will be advised over the next two weeks and will be offered severance pay for transition, the company said.
This is not your typical boxing event, and it’s almost not your typical sporting event although it’s being placed as a typical boxing event in a typical boxing ring. What you’re witnessing is a crossover extravaganza. How much of a build up has there been in the past seven years or whatever, just throwing a number out there, of what is better, boxing or MMA? You’ve had some guys like Kimbo slice, rest in peace, that crossed over got defeated, won some matches, but nothing major came from it. But what you have here, and why this really manifested, and why Floyd even allowed it to happen is because his name is Floyd “Money” Mayweather, so whatever makes money makes sense to him.
Thurman: It does make a difference. If it didn’t make a difference, heavyweights would wear 8-ounce gloves. The more ounces McGregor has to wear the more it will negate from his power. The more ounces Floyd has to wear, the more it can assist in his defense. Real fighters know that the smaller the glove, the easier it is to slip one in. You might have your guard up, but the punch might still come through and you might think you’re covering everything, but there is still that other inch unprotected.
Segura: So, the drama with Paulie Malignaggi. What did you make of that situation?
Paulie Malignaggi was a retired fighter that went into your training camp out of shape. And whenever you call somebody into your training camp, you have to understand that you will be in better shape than they are. And another thing is that I’ve never sparred a single sparring partner for 12 rounds. So you don’t make the guy that just got off a plane and who’s not ripped and shredded like you are, you don’t make that dude spar 12 rounds with you.
Thurman: A little bit, yeah. But at the end of the day, this motherf*cker is trying to create hype to make this fight worth watching. So you see Paulie Malignaggi on the ground and you’re like, ‘oh he’s messing up this world class fighter; I can’t wait and see what happens when he fights Floyd.’ So with that going on, I’m not really going to, I mean, it’s not my thing. But man, if you don’t want them to be releasing shi*, don’t give them anything good to release.
Thurman: Mayweather hasn’t knocked anybody out since what, Ricky Hatton? Victor Ortiz was a freebie, hands down. So I’ve made this statement a lot the many years I was rising through the ranks and I wanted to have an opportunity to put my skills against Floyd Mayweather, the best boxer of our generation. I always said, ‘you don’t have to be scared of Floyd knocking you out.’ I mean, you can look forward to a 12-round fight with Floyd. I mean, I’d put my grandma in the ring and not think she’ll get knocked out, so that’s not the question. The question is, can you beat the man?
As long as you get seven of the 12 rounds in the books on the judges scorecards, you have a unanimous decision. So I don’t see McGregor achieving that. Floyd Mayweather boxing’s style is one that makes sure no fighter achieves that because that’s his goal and he knows you’re not allowed to win seven rounds. You can win five rounds and look good, but he doesn’t allow you to win six or win seven. So yeah, McGregor needs a knockout to really shock the world.
• Require temporary migrants, such as overseas students, who have only a "time-limited" immigration status, to make a contribution to the NHS. A £200 levy has been mentioned as an option.
There are also plans to make it easier for the Home Office to recover unpaid fines from companies who employ illegal migrants, and local authorities may face fines for letting social housing to tenants without a direct connection to a local area.
But the immigration minister, Mark Harper, defended the bill, saying it would "stop migrants using public services to which they are not entitled, reduce the pull factors which encourage people to come to the UK and make it easier to remove people who should not be here".
The Congressional Budget Office released its preliminary analysis of the Graham-Cassidy bill on Monday saying that millions of people with comprehensive health insurance would lose coverage under the new bill. “That number could vary widely depending on how states implemented the legislation, although the direction of the effect is clear,” said the analysis. The non-partisan scoring agency estimates that between 2017 and 2026, "the legislation would reduce the on-budget deficit by at least $133 billion and result in millions fewer people with comprehensive health insurance that covers high-cost medical events."The report is not as detailed as previous CBO scores, however.It does not give a more specific number of how many Americans would lose health care coverage under the health care law sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana nor does it include information on how Graham-Cassidy would affect the cost of premiums throughout the country.According to CBO, the reduction in the number of insured people relative to the number under current law would result from three main causes. 1. Enrollment in Medicaid would be substantially lower because of large reductions in federal funding for that program.2. Enrollment in nongroup coverage would be lower because of reductions in subsidies for it.3. Enrollment in all types of health insurance would be lower because penalties for not having insurance would be repealed.Senator Susan Collins from Maine, who reportedly said she was waiting for the report to come out before making her decision, said shortly after the analysis was posted that she was a no.Collins tweeted a full response as well saying, "This is simply not the way that we should be approaching an important and complex issue that must be handled thoughtfully and fairly for all Americans."The agency announced weeks ago that it would not have adequate time to release coverage numbers and instead would only be able to release a "preliminary" report."CBO will not be able to provide point estimates of the effects on the deficit, health insurance coverage, or premiums for at least several weeks," the agency said in a statement about the bill.The CBO score's main purpose is to ensure that the legislation meets its saving targets required under reconciliation, the process that allows Senate Republicans to pass the health care bill with 51 votes.The non-partisan agency's score is also of the first version of the bill. Changes were made to the legislation over the weekend and released Sunday night. Those tweaks include a recalculation of how much money rural states would receive under Graham Cassidy as well as a further roll back on protections for people with pre-existing conditions. The CBO's latest score does not include the changes.CNN has contributed to this report
Chris Finan is a former Obama administration official who has come to have serious doubts about the National Security Agency's role in domestic surveillance and cybersecurity efforts. In the past, policymakers looked to the NSA for its unparalleled expertise in cryptography and computer security. But Finan argues that rapid improvement in private-sector cybersecurity expertise has made dependence on the NSA unnecessary and, especially in the wake of Edward Snowden's revelations, potentially dangerous. He argues that domestic counterterrorism efforts should depend more on civilian agencies and the private sector, not military agencies such as the NSA.
We also have an over-classification problem. I don't condone what Ed Snowden did. He made a commitment to protect classified information. Breaking that commitment was wrong. However, he did bring to light this classification problem, which needs to be debated as a society. The problem with over-classification is you create an inherently closed system. Closed systems are prone to failure. In fact it's not just technology. Think of the political system. Closed totalitarian systems are inherently weaker than open egalitarian systems.
There's a principle called Kerckhoffs's principle, which states that if a code system is open and the only thing that's protected is the key, that's the most secure system. I wish our cryptology guys would think about [that principle in the cybersecurity sector]. It doesn't make sense that we'd have a closed system rather than open it up. Taking a centralized approach to this problem and having a single agency serve as the central aggregation point doesn't scale. That to me is the assumption that I go back to in thinking about ways to open up.
Congress should look at aligning market incentives. For example, publicly traded corporations should report cyber risk as a material risk. I'd like Congress to make sure this is being done at scale across the private sector. That would go a long way toward improving cyber-security, because it would make shareholders more aware.
Researchers have developed a way to make a mouse transparent — by removing the liquids and fats from its tissue.
They hope their method can be used to make a complete, unsliced model of a human brain, with all the delicate nerve connections untouched. And they say their see-through mouse might reduce the need for lab scientists around the world to kill living mice just to study their organs.
Researchers in Germany have made mice see-through with a special method of dissolving skin that makes "see through" mice for lab research. Ali Ert?rk Ludwig / Maximilians University of Munich
“Now, for the first time, we have a powerful tool that can make the human brain transparent and reduce it size to fit an imaging microscope for mapping,” Ali Ertürk, a brain researcher at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich in Germany, said in written comments.
The method, described in the journal Nature Methods, is called ultimate DISCO (short for 3-D imaging of solvent-cleared organs). It not only makes it possible to see entire structures in place, but shrinks the body so that it fits under a microscope.
The team first anesthetized living mice, and used various agents to make it possible to image the desired systems using fluorescent light or other processes — akin to getting, for instance, an infusion of a contrast agent before getting an MRI or heart catheter scan.
“That means, while their cell body resides in one side of the brain, it can make connections to the other side of the brain (several centimeters away) or even to the spinal cord, which might be more than a meter long," he wrote. "Therefore, when we want to study brain diseases such as Alzheimers’s disease or schizophrenia, making thin sections of biological specimen would degrade important information on neuronal connectivity."
Seeing the pistons in person made me realize KCP a future all star.. and Ish Smith need to start over Reggie Jackson.. — John Oden (@Grind_timeJohn) December 24, 2016
A decision will have to be made on Gordon and Payton (if he stays) soon. That’s a lot of money to put into a collection of players, none of which look like being a star in this league.
This is because Payton is a terrible 26.8 percent shooter from long range. Interestingly, however, he’s already made more of these shots (34) than he did all of last season (30).
This is an important and vital question, because when you pick the wrong songs to listen to first without getting advice from any of your peers, it makes your head melt into orange goo and stick to the carpet. The music police crash through your breakfast nook and haul you away. Your dog will never speak to you again.
Now you're ready to advance to level two: Piquantique, another all-instrumental one. Just play the whole thing a couple of times - like Captain Beefheart (who was Zappa's colleague and sometime collaborator), it sound random at first and then it comes together and makes sense. You can replay your favorite track a couple of times.
Judge Richard Posner of the 7th Circuit Court is a moderate conservative with an unapologetic bias toward reality and logic. This bias makes him an ideal Slate columnist. It has also turned him into something of an iconoclast among his conservative colleagues, who frequently jettison prudence and precedent in order to achieve results that just happen to align with the Republican Party’s platform.
“You haven’t read this? You don’t remember it? It didn’t make an impression?”
The game has held up as well as I could have hoped. Sure, with five years to listen, play, and learn, there are some things I’d revisit. But the changes I’d do feel more like upgrades than bug fixes. There’s nothing wrong with the game as it stands, but I think with what we know Adam and I could make classes, bonds, monsters, and some other things even better.
That may be the part I’m the most proud of. When I look at most things I made five years ago, like code, I can see pretty clear deficencies. But Dungeon World hasn’t aged like that for me. I haven’t found anything I regret or that I think we got wrong. If we ever revisit Dungeon World it won’t be to patch problems, it will be to share new ideas.
So, five years. Work still to do, but an experience that’s changed me and a game that still makes me grin every time I play. Thanks for coming along.
Ray Mabus, Obama’s last (and the worst-ever) secretary of the Navy, decided to buy “biofuels” at about $250 per gallon instead of diesel, which cost about $5 per gallon. In 2014, Obama’s idiot Secretary of Defense Chuckie Hagel issued a “Climate Change Roadmap” which, among other things, required every operational plan to make accommodation to “climate change.”
Cutting carbon emissions won’t end terrorism: Unlimited war against the terrorists and the ideology that propels them will. “Climate change” solutions won’t cure cancer; medical research will. That was Trump’s implicit message. He should make it explicit right away in a major speech.
“I think the durational sounds made me feel an extreme awareness of heightened mental and physical (realms).”
I immediately felt how the sound was moving faster. After all, hz is a measurement of how many times a tone or sound is occurring in a single second and 440 is higher than 432. The hair on my arms seemed to stand up and I felt a more intense vibration moving through my body. I could definitely feel that if 432 were a drug, it would be one that induced a lethargic or mellow body high. Maybe 440 would be like a drug that mentally stimulated you & made you feel an energetic body high. In any case, vibrations were hitting me harder and faster. I hadn’t experienced this kind of shaking feeling during my practices. It felt like my innards were being stirred around. I wasn’t sure if it was a good or bad thing, but something was happening.
“Slightly anxious, my perfect pitch made aware at the first note that it was in 440. Hyper self aware, hypersensitive, alert. I could smell things, I thought of unfinished projects. Thought about how funny the word masturbate is.”
A 4-month-old baby, a 4-year-old boy, a seven-year-old boy and a nine-year old boy survived the attack without physical injury, after witnessing their parents being shot dead before their eyes.Boaz Malka, a MADA paramedic who arrive on the scene, said, "It was a very difficult scene. We saw a car in the middle of the road, and next to it, a man in his 30s lay on the ground with upper body gunshot wounds. Inside the car a woman sat, with severe upper body wounds. They had no vital signs and to our sorrow we had to declare them dead on the scene."The IDF was sweeping the area for suspects.Reacting to the shooting, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said "this murderous terror attack this evening is a clear continuation of the incitement against the State of Israel and its civilians, and repeated attempts to carry out terror attacks.""The war against terrorism requires determination from us, a steel hand, and patience. We are fighting against a blood-thirsty relentless enemy, and with great sorrow we sometimes absorb losses on the way. At this time, the IDF and the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency) are pursuing the murderers. We will pursue them and we will not be silent until we place our hands on the murderers, and those who sent them."In light of the shooting, right-wing politicians accused Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's incitement for the attack, which came a day after he threatened to stop abiding by all agreements with Israel in a fiery speech to the United Nations General Assembly.Likud Minister Miri Regev said, "24 hours after the violent speech of the arch-murderer Abu Mazen [Abbas], a husband and wife were killed in Israel."She called on Israel to take harsher steps against Palestinian terror.Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Bayit Yehudi) said that Abbas's "call to arms was taken up tonight in Israel, and it is red with blood."Bennett added that "A people whose leaders encourage murder will never have a state, and this must be made clear. Now the time of talking is done and the time for action has come."Meanwhile, Hamas praised the "heroic terror attack" and called for more "quality attacks."The group said that "Zionists will pay the price for [Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu's criminal policies everywhere."
"It puts him outside things - it makes him very hard for the actual cultural elite of England to take seriously."
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
This class makes heavy use of Python special methods to implement the common mathematical operators such as + and - . For example, when you have two instances x and y of some class, using the - (subtract) operator invokes the special method __sub__( x , y ) .
The petition alleged that on three occasions in 2008 the girl, who was then 12, told Fr Bayhi that a church member had inappropriately touched her, kissed her and told her "he wanted to make love to her."
The girl’s parents claim that the Fr Bayhi was negligent and that the abuse continued after the girl made her confession.
The Lancet specifically refers to claims made in the paper that the
A MeitY official told India Legal: “The finance minister has talked about a social revolution but we will need a cyber security revolution if the grand plan has to take off without floundering and losing its way. As things stand now, there are too many holes in the security set up which are being exploited by hackers. We have to prepare ourselves for a flood of cyber-related crime once the linkage happens. To make matters worse, no one is clear about the volume of Aadhaar data that has already been stolen or accessed by the wrong people.”
Despite Trump disparaging Sen. John McCain for being captured by the enemy during the Vietnam War and saying he was "not a war hero," Trump says he actually "never did that." “I came here because you made a comment to John McCain that you don’t think captured soldiers are heroes,” a man, who was introduced as the father of a soldier who was captured and killed in Iraq, asked Trump at an Ohio rally in March. “Oh, no, no, no, I never did that,” Trump responded. “What I want you to do is just clarify that for me,” the man continued, “because I think it’s important for all … the veterans in Ohio [to hear your answer], because I know what you were doing–” “You knew what I was doing, you knew exactly what I was doing,” Trump said, shaking the man’s hand. “They are heroes just so you understand, real heroes, OK? You know that.”
» OL Rodger Saffold: The Rams don't have a laundry list of high-octane free agents. Saffold sits atop the heap after playing well down the stretch at right guard, where he thrived as a run blocker. With fellow interior lineman Harvey Dahl a likely candidate for release, look for St. Louis to make a play at locking down Saffold without having to use the franchise tag.
February 4, 2003 marks the day when Countrywide Financial’s shareholders should have dumped every last share of their stock. For on this day Angelo Mozilo made a presentation, at The Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, titled The American Dream of Homeownership: From Cliché to Mission. This is the day that Mr. Mozilo revealed to the world that political correctness had infected his mind. He openly declared that sound credit underwriting was tantamount to judgmentalism and, therefore, anti-egalitarian. How dare anyone judge anyone else — credit standards be damned. Subprime mortgages, accordingly, were going to be a blessing for America since everyone deserves a house. Oh how political correctness feels so good. He worshiped the mortgage socialism hatched in the New Deal along with every federal-housing program introduced in the succeeding decades. A true credit professional would have been horrified by this speech; which indubitably was met with approving applause by the pseudo-intellectual, limousine liberals populating Harvard University. February 4, 2003 is the day Countrywide Financial’s Board of Directors should have fired Mr. Mozilo.
Over the years, Angelo Mozilo has been handsomely rewarded by Uncle Sam’s mortgage socialism. Here’s how it works. Countrywide Financial makes a conforming home loan, sells it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (both are government sponsored enterprises), and has its coffers replenished in doing so; hence, allowing Countrywide to keep churning out loans. Countrywide, in turn, remains the mortgage servicer on each loan and earns a fee for doing so. These fees most certainly add up when you are servicing $1.5 trillion in home loans (not all of which are Fannie and Freddie loans). Needless to say, Countrywide had other sources of revenues but mortgage servicing was top-shelf when it came to profitability.
Thus, it is no wonder why Mr. Mozilo waxed fondly, in his Harvard speech, regarding America’s foray into mortgage socialism. After all, it made him very wealthy. Here is an excerpt:
One can only imagine Mr. Mozilo’s broad smile as he delivered these words. Between his compensation and stock sales, Angelo has made hundreds of millions of dollars. Socialism certainly can be beneficial for an elite few.
Credit underwriting has nothing to do with race, creed, skin color, gender, or religion. Sound credit underwriting has everything to do with the "Five Cs" of credit — i.e., character, capacity, capital, collateral, and conditions. Under pure capitalism, a credit underwriter is not concerned about making people happy by lending money regardless of a person’s creditworthiness. An underwriter’s primary objective is to make profitable loans and this demands nothing less than effectively assessing risk on a case-by-case basis. This, undeniably, requires underwriters to exercise learned judgment. Ah, but to say this in the cradle of political correctness (Harvard) would have been met with resounding "boos."
Now, let me address my second issue, and that is the manual underwriting process itself. While Countrywide’s own internal evidence supports the notion that manual underwriters are approving a good majority of the loan applications that get referred, the fact of the matter remains that a human is involved in this step of the process thereby creating the possibility that a decision is made based upon the level of the borrower’s FICO score.
Thus, the current protocol intentionally creates an environment where borrowers with lower FICO scores are subject to being disproportionately affected by the manual underwriting process. I say we need to amend these systems to do more than just approve the "cream of the crop," by creating a system that says "no" only to those deemed unwilling to make their mortgage payments.
We must understand that the credit scoring system we have built is still imperfect, and that if we are to have any chance at closing the homeownership gap, we must make a serious investment in improving its capacity and capabilities. We must do this through improved automated underwriting models that take into account more variables, and measure true indicators of risk and willingness to pay. We need an ongoing educational process, not only at the primary market level, but also in the secondary markets and with mortgage insurers to help lead this effort to recalibrate the scoring system. And finally, it must be recognized that borrowers with credit scores below what is currently defined as "creditworthy" levels can still be acceptable credit risks. Thus, the credit score bar dividing creditworthy from high-risk borrowers, must be substantially lowered by the GSEs, the secondary market in general, and with bank regulators. The GSEs have made good progress over the last few years in expanding their credit criteria, but I encourage them to become much more aggressive in this regard.
What Angelo Mozilo desires to accomplish is to replace human underwriters with computers. He never mentions the Five Cs of credit because sound credit underwriting requires human judgment; which can be aided with, yet never replaced by, technology. In Mr. Mozilo’s daffy world of credit progressivism, he may as well distill the mortgage application down to a one-page document containing a single question: Are you willing to make your mortgage payment? If the answer is "yes" then the loan is approved and if the answer is "no" then it is declined. Under such circumstances, a computer would work perfectly.
Countrywide Financial and many other financial institutions ended up throwing all credit standards out the window in order to package and sell as many subprime mortgage-backed securities as possible. To be sure, many did not do so sharing Mozilo’s politically-correct and egalitarian hallucination — they just wanted to make a fast buck.
“We certainly need to make sure we don’t fill our atmosphere with pollutants or punch holes in the ozone layer,” Ham wrote. “But we also need to remember that our atmosphere was carefully put in place by our Creator. God knew exactly what kind of atmosphere we needed and He gave us that atmosphere.”
Precision farming tools will measure the mental state of individual animals, allowing farmers to make decisions about rearing pigs, from the way they are housed to the feed they are given.
“It will enable us to make things more interesting for them and us, and potentially result in better outcomes.”
Prof Berkmanns says researchers at the University of Ghent have devised a system to analyse the sounds pigs make to detect illness.
“It doesn’t have a value if it is just interesting technology, it has to be able to help the farmer make improvements.”
iOS 9 will make your devices more secure
On the phone front, everything from the iPhone 4S onwards – yes, that includes your recently purchased iPhone 6, don't worry – will be offered iOS 9 in some capacity, while all but the original iPad will make the move on the tablet side.
One misdemeanor charge against Bentley stemmed from a $50,000 loan he made to his campaign in November that investigators said he failed to report until January. State law says major contributions should be reported within a few days. The other charge stemmed from his use of campaign funds to pay nearly $9,000 in legal bills for political adviser Rebekah Caldwell Mason last year.
The former first lady’s chief of staff also charged that Bentley threatened her job because he believed she had helped his wife make the recordings.
It will “take years” before a true, final decision is made on the validity of this patent, FOSS Patents reports.
BlackBerry and Verizon Wireless, the largest U.S. carrier, on Thursday refuted claims from research and investment firm Detwiler Fenton that BlackBerry Z10 devices were being returned in unusually high numbers. Detwiler Fenton refused to make either its report to investors or its methodology available to BlackBerry, even after the Company said the firm’s findings were “absolutely false.”
So why did this particular crash make the national news? It just so happened that one of those vehicles was driving itself.
In the case of self-driving cars, this problem often comes in the form of asking whether we care more about pedestrians or vehicle passengers, or the passengers of the autonomous vehicle or the human drivers with whom it shares the road. MIT even made a game out of it.
It’s important to think about ethical decision-making in autonomous cars. But the trolley problem, with its action movie–like scenario, can overshadow questions that are more mundane but also more pertinent to most people. It’s not as much fun to have a philosophical conversation about how real people in real situations deal with the risks of living with these new technologies. Most of us won’t have to make a life-or-death decision like in the trolley problem, but we may well have to deal with technologies that decide who gets the raw end of a car-on-car, or car-on-human, situation. Take the woman suffering whiplash after her self-driving car braked too fast or the school crossing guard, accustomed to making eye contact with drivers when putting up stop signs, who now has to learn to trust autonomous vehicles to brake for kids walking to school. So many of the questions here are mundane: How will this technology change the shape of personal injury law? What do self-driving cars mean for license regulations?
According to the Arizona Republic, the human driver reported in her statement to police that “As far as I could tell, the third lane had no one coming in it so I was clear to make my turn. Right as I got to the middle lane about to cross the third I saw a car flying through the intersection but couldn’t brake fast enough to completely avoid collision.” It’s interesting that she focuses not on who or what was driving the other car, but instead on the vehicle was doing in relation to her.
Furthermore, a 2005 study found that just 11 percent of college professors identified as Republican and 15 percent identified as conservative. Some argue that this simply represents a liberal bias in academia. But just as strong a case could be made that people who absorb facts easily don’t suffer fools gladly.
Mr Obama is scheduled to first make a stop in China, and then India, before flying to Paris, a spokesperson for the former president told The Hill.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE regained a double-digit lead over likely general-election rival Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in a new poll released Friday.
"Yes. Oh, I almost forgot!" He reached into his pocket and produced a small parcel. "The devices I said I would make for you," he said, handing it to her.
The only reason electric cars might one day compete with cars that rely on internal combustion is that gasoline engines are highly inefficient; nearly all of the energy stored in gasoline is lost to heat. But gasoline makes up for that flaw with another advantage: When your car’s out of gas, you can refill it in a few minutes. With today’s electrical infrastructure, batteries need many hours to recharge. There’s some hope that we might one day install fast-charging stations across the country, but the researchers Fletcher interviews point out that this is a daunting challenge. The battery in today’s Tesla roadster needs about four hours to charge. If you wanted to charge that battery in 15 minutes, you’d need a 200-kilowatt electric substation feeding the charging station. “Your house takes 1 kilowatt,” one expert tells Fletcher. “If you want to have something like a gasoline fuel station that is all electrical, you’re talking about multimegawatts of power at that station. And I just don’t see that happening.”
Neither do I. So what’s the answer? Fletcher’s book ends with a look at the most far-out research in the battery world—the lithium-air battery. In this design, lithium and carbon combine with oxygen from the air to form a system with a staggering potential to store energy. In theory, the lithium-air battery could store 11,000 watt-hours per kilogram, which makes it, Fletcher says, “the best chance battery scientists have to beat gasoline.” A lithium-air battery could allow a car to drive 500 miles before recharging. With that range, you wouldn’t need a nationwide system of quick-charging stations. You could drive pretty much wherever you wanted all day, and then recharge your car at night.
But with every advance, there’s another hurdle. PolyPlus’s innovation makes the lithium metal in a lithium-air battery easy to recharge, but nobody knows, yet, how to recharge such a battery. Figuring that out seems destined to take many more years. The chief technology officer of PolyPlus tells Fletcher that it will be “a long time before you see battery packs that are large enough and proven and tested enough that you would start thinking about transportation.”
The point is simply that without knowing this key variable to the equation how can anyone argue that one is more likely to be shot or injured by his/her own weapon than they are to use that firearm in a self-defense situation? What number of annual DGU are pro-gun control advocates factoring in to make this claim?
“What we need to do is change the way in which people think about guns, especially young people, and make it something that’s not cool, that it’s not acceptable, it’s not hip to carry a gun anymore, in the way in which we’ve changed our attitudes about cigarettes.” – Attorney General Eric Holder at the Women’s National Democratic Club, Jan. 30, 1995.
In truth there was never much doubt that The Washington Post éxposé was accurate, given its depth of detail. If The Post got it wrong, why would security officials ask reporters to withhold details about the intelligence in question? But the White House felt compelled to send out national security adviser H.R. McMaster and his deputy, Dina Powell, to issue a non-denial denial, labeling the story false but disputing only assertions that ThePost didn't make — for example insisting that Trump hadn't blown any ongoing military operations. Intelligence operations, well that's different. Only Fox News was convinced.
This bring us to the second reason for Trump's blunder: He has no idea how government works. He is the first president never to have worked in either the civilian or military branches of the government. And amazingly enough he made no attempt to educate himself about policy before he ran for president, probably because he never expected that he would win.
In 1992, the 400th richest person in America made $24 million.
In 2007, the 400th richest person in America made $138 million (or $87 million, inflation-adjusted).
Now, that almost certainly wasn't the same guy. There's a lot of churn at the top of the money pyramid. In all of the 1990s, only 25% of the Fortunate 400 made more than one appearance. But the overall message is the same. The rich keeping getting richer.
According to the IRS, which recently released 2009 data from the 400 richest individual income tax returns, the real runaway growth in wealth has come from capital gains. In the last years of the bubble, the "Fortunate 400" made nearly half their income from capital gains (a.k.a.: profit from the rising value of an investment, such as stocks or property) and less than 10% of their income from old-fashioned wages.
George Lucas commissioned Christian, who won his first Oscar for his set decoration on Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope, to make the short to accompany the 1980 release of The Empire Strikes Back.
Christian had also wanted to create a rainbow-like halo around the head of one of Black Angel's characters, but no amount of trying would make it work.
Unsuccessful efforts were made to track down the prints at Lucas's Skywalker Ranch.
After Black Angel Roger Christian went on to win his second Oscar for his short film, The Bottom Dollar. It was also made in Scotland.
During his visit, he revealed how a poster of Scotland on a wall of a Mexican hospital, where he had been admitted as a patient after falling seriously ill during the making of 1970s movie Lucky Lady, inspired him to make a film in Scotland.
But those are two very different kinds of forecasts. One is based on natural science, the other on social science. People are different from planets – they can change their minds, they can decide to not share their opinions or they can flat-out lie. And that’s before you even get to some of the statistical issues that make polling inaccurate.
As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!
5. Venhill Cables, UK, http://www.venhill.co.uk/. I needed longer cables for my Skorpion. Buying custom cables from Venhill allowed me to make my own, at a cost of less than half the OEM originals. Highly recommended. Pat Back to Content
'The whole point of police dogs is to frighten people rigid, at least those who have just committed a crime and would otherwise make a clean getaway.
Yet clearly, white female voters didn’t think Clinton’s success in overcoming sexist obstacles to her candidature would make any difference to their own lives. Rather than identifying with her as someone facing a shared oppression, they seem to have dismissed her as a privileged beneficiary of a status quo they hated.
Some progressives make the same argument.
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
This NBA free-agent class is solid, including two superstars in LeBron James and Kevin Durant. James plans to return to the Cleveland Cavaliers after winning the championship over the Golden State Warriors. Whether Durant returns to Oklahoma City is in a bit more doubt; there might be a way for the Warriors to sign him, which would arguably make the NBA’s most formidable roster even stronger.
But it’s clear Batum’s versatility made the Hornets better and that trading for him was one of the best moves by this front office since the expansion franchise began in 2004. It’s also clear there will be competition for Batum’s services. One way or another, he appears destined to make in excess of $20 million each of the next several seasons.
"The hard part will be you have so much time each agent will need to make a decision as well. That’s something we can’t put a time frame on right now."
Conservative Senator Nancy Ruth told The Globe and Mail that Tory MPs have decided to make a "political statement" on doctor-assisted dying.
"I honestly believe that the Conservative MPs – not the senators – Conservative MPs disagree fundamentally with the Supreme Court decision, and have at every opportunity found ways or tried to find ways that would tie up access to assisted dying in such a way as to make the Supreme Court of Canada decision null and void," Mr. Oliphant said.
Liberal Senator James Cowan said the majority of MPs and senators of all parties believe the committee has struck a balance that places trust and responsibility in the medical profession to make the right decisions about end-to-life care.
"The committee made an honest effort to try to listen to witnesses and to come forward with a consensus that seems to be addressing the fundamental issues raised by the decision of the Supreme Court," Liberal Senator Serge Joyal said in an interview.
After meeting her boyfriend, Robby, she thought those quiet mornings were over. For the past three years, he’d gone out of his way to make Christmas extra special for her. He came from a big family and going over to his house was like entering a holiday paradise, full of elaborate meals, abundant presents, and a buffet of succulent deserts. Thanks to him, she’d grown to love Christmas and being part of Robby’s family.
It made Christmas Eve feel even colder than it already was. After spending most of the day putting up decorations and keeping her mother comfortable, she felt too tired to be festive. It seemed like this year’s Christmas would be the same quiet, uneventful affair that left her so jaded as a kid.
When she curled up in her old bedroom that night, having agreed to sleep over at her mother’s house to make things easier on Christmas morning, Jessie expected this year to be one of the most forgettable holidays of her adult life.
It sounded so sad when she said it out loud. It made her want to cry right then and there. Jessie ended up burying her face in her pillow, muffling her voice and absorbing any tears she’d shed. The best she could do, now, was rest up and brace for another solemn holiday.
She tried not to think about all the elaborate ways Robby’s family were enjoying themselves down in Florida. She swore she could smell the chocolate pie his mother made or his sister’s succulent cookies from 800 miles away. Most of all, Jessie tried not to think of how great it felt when Robby held her in his arms, even when he wore that ugly old Christmas sweater that he’d bought in college and refused to throw away.
It was nothing short of torturous, contemplating what she’d miss. Not being with Robby and his family was like the antithesis of a Christmas miracle, a gut-punch to her holiday spirit. She wanted to make the most of the time she had with her mother, but between her injuries and her tendency to recount sad memories of her father during the holidays, it wasn’t looking good.
In an outburst of passion and holiday spirit, Jessie kissed her thoughtful boyfriend with all the love and heart of a million Christmas specials. He eagerly kissed back, even as he shed the heavy coat he’d been wearing to brave the cold. However, she quickly made it clear that she didn’t want him to stop there.
The cold and the long trip must have made him extra impassioned as well. As soon as he caught her in his arms, he carried her over to her bed. Together, they crawled under the covers where they made out like a couple of horny prom dates. Already, she felt his flesh warming up, but hers was already too hot to bear. It led her to remove her sleeping attire, with Robby’s help.
Those feelings, and the powerful desires behind them, led him to embrace her naked body as only he could. Jessie eagerly embraced him back with desire of her own, wrapping her arms and legs around him as he got on top of her. Then, in what might have been the greatest Christmas gift anyone had ever given her, Robby made love to her.
The sensations that followed were intense and hot, not an easy feat on such a cold, snowy night. It didn’t matter, though. They could’ve been at the North Pole and it wouldn’t have mattered. She and Robby were going to make hot sex and passionate love tonight. There was no way around it.
They shared one last passionate kiss before settling into a blissful state of post-coital afterglow. Now lying atop his naked body, the thick comforter draped over them, Jessie gazed up at her wonderful lover. He looked so happy, despite not being with his family in a tropical climate. The way he held her in his arms made clear that there was nowhere else he’d rather be.
She made sure he knew the feeling was mutual, holding him closely and listening to his heart beating in his chest. She made sure he fell asleep knowing how much she loved him. She could do no less for the lover that had captured her heart and saved her Christmas spirit.
Still holding the blanket up to her body, Jessie was confused, if not mildly amused. She looked over at Robby, who had that goofy smile on his face again. Then, she looked back at her mother, who had a similar smile. She had a lot of questions, but she had a feeling the answers weren’t going to make this Christmas any less memorable.
“Whenever there is fighting, there is a problem,” said Adel, the activist in Hama. Though the city is militarily under regime control, public services have severely eroded, he said, while intermittent clashes make it difficult for the residents to clear their own streets. For instance, snipers sometimes make it almost impossible to cross the streets, let alone walk around and collect the rubbish, he added.
MPAA Vice President Greg Frazier has made some interesting comments on copyright and widespread Internet piracy during a lobbying visit to Brazil. Among other things, Frazier told a local newspaper that democratizing culture is not in the interests of the MPAA. As it turns out, the MPAA's definition of creativity and culture is a rather narrow one that is quite different from that of the general public.
The reporter then went on to ask how important copyright really is when 44% of households in Brazil are not connected to the sewer system. Not really a fair question, but Frazier made it very clear that even when people are starving it would be immoral to ‘steal’ entertainment from U.S. corporations.
“Obviously, governments and societies have to work to make sure that the population has access to the basics in order to survive, but that does not mean you should ignore other things. Companies must live together because they respect each other and respect that people do not steal from one another. Even if you battle to put food on your plate, it is immoral to steal,” he said.
“I thought (Embiid) got tired. We told (Capela) we need to run him every time. The only weapon we have is to run him, lean on him, make him work. I thought Tarik Black came in and put his body on him. It’s like a boxing match. Your legs get tired.”
Yes we were unlucky some points but these games show the strength of the deck. We had some opponents stumble, and we were able to close the door on them. We had other opponents give us some good games while allowing us to make some meaningful decisions. If you’re looking for a deck that will jam out games quickly and has a reasonable win percentage, I can’t recommend Stonescar Burn enough.
"I am going to do everything I can to make it possible for him to be a good partner in our ongoing efforts to, you know, pursue these goals that I mentioned and to defeat Donald Trump," Clinton said.
Economists Jaison A. Abel and Richard Deitz found that women who have recently graduated from college make about 97 cents for every dollar their male counterparts take home -- a much narrower gap than the national average of 82 cents. In fact, for 29 of the 73 majors they analyzed, women actually outearned men. The traditional gender pay disparity was reversed in fields ranging from philosophy to aerospace engineering to social services.
But victory -- if you can call it that -- is fleeting. By the time men and women reach the middle of their careers, between the ages of 35 and 45, the gender pay gap is back and bigger than before. Mid-career college-educated women make just 85 cents for every dollar paid to their male coworkers. Even worse, those fields in which women outearned men? The tables have turned.
Most people enter the self-help realm while planning a personal improvement project, a kind of steam-cleaning of the soul. I fell into it by mistake. Maybe the allusion to a familiar poem was what made me pull M Scott Peck’s The Road Less Travelled (1978) off my parents’ shelf as a young teen. In any case, I was hooked. Beset by typical middle‑school problems – bullies, fickle friends, chronic wallflower-dom – I was intrigued by the claim of this psychiatrist from Connecticut that suffering could have a noble and necessary purpose, as long as you showed the fortitude to tackle your issues head-on. ‘When we avoid the legitimate suffering that results from dealing with problems,’ Peck wrote, ‘we also avoid the growth that problems demand from us.’
Standard-bearers such as Peck and Pipher made me feel that I could read my way to a better life. And as it turns out, my teenage conviction might not have been too far off the mark. Studies show that self-help books can resolve readers’ depressed moods, change ingrained thought patterns, and instill a renewed zest for life – as long as the advice within is scientifically sound.
Marco Verratti has been photographed with a copy of Mundo Deportivo which has a headline linking him with Barcelona, although the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder would not make any comment on his future to the Catalonia-based newspaper.
The Redskins defense began by allowing another long drive to start the game but held the Eagles to just 3 points. It appeared at first that the Eagles offense was going to come out aggressively and set the tone on this maligned Redskins defense on just their 2nd possession when they went marching down the field again and were at the Redskins 3 yard line when Wentz threw a touchback interception to cornerback Deshazor Everett in the endzone. Redskin fans surely praised all the gods when that play was made I can tell you.
Thankfully by the time the 2nd quarter had rolled around, the Redskins seemed to find their footing and helped Robb “Fat Robb” Kelley make an excellent 22 yard rumbling touchdown play and place themselves back in control of the game.
The Eagles on the next ensuing drive, tried to make a field goal with the help of their tight end Brent Celek as the long snapper. The original long snapper had injured their wrist and now Celek was the next man up. It ended poorly as the snap was botched and the Eagles turned the ball over on downs.
Then a small miracle happened. The Redskins marched down the field and scored a touchdown pass off a fade to Pierre Garcon in the Redzone. A fade for a touchdown! A Christmas miracle! God bless us, everyone. The only thing that would of made it sweeter is if it was on 3rd down. That foul demon will have to be slayed at a later time, but for now, the fade monkey seems to have died a glorious death.
The pick six by Eagles cornerback Leodis McKelvin made the game excruciatingly close at 21-19.
With an additional field goal by the Eagles making the game 22-21, which by the way, has a funny story to how it came to be as Celek was also knocked out of the game and the Eagles had to find another long snapper to help make the kick. I dreamt of having one of their fans come drunkenly down on to the field with beer in hand, batteries in pockets and proudly announce that they were here for the coach, hell for the city, if needed. It almost came to be but the Eagles found a professional football player instead to help make the kick.
Undoubtedly many Redskin fans at that point in the game also knew there was too much time left for the Eagles to possibly win the game, with the current state of this Redskin defense. Luckily, Kerrigan created havoc, time stood still, and the defense made the play of the game.
While the victory was sweet, the playoffs remain just slightly out of reach. And as the weeks move toward the end of the season it looks less and less likely that Redskin will make the playoffs. Due to the Arizona loss last week they no longer control their own destiny and will need help from some friends and enemies to sneak in.
The Redskins will have to win out in order to get in no matter what happens and it might come down to the last week of the season, if they are lucky. For the Washington Redskins the playoffs do not start in 4 weeks. They have already begun. Lose and they are more than likely out of contention and must turn their eyes toward next year. Win, and they might just get a chance to make some noise and over come some more adversity.
Kevin: True, but you always had that huge beard, even when you were 15, so I guess that makes us even.
Dan: Of course, when Kevin graduated film school, he had a crisis of faith with the realization of, who the hell’s gonna give him money to make a movie? All of his film buddies’ parents would give them like, twenty grand to make student films, and our parents basically said screw that, you’ve got to do it on your own. Then I’m thinking, “How am I gonna become a famous composer if my brother can’t even get a movie off the ground?” And so we decided to write something.
Dan: But there was a nice moment recently where he teared up and said, “You boys don’t need me anymore. You didn’t take the family company, but you made it on your own.” It was a really touching moment.
Dan: I was in my Dodge Neon crying on my way to that meeting. I felt like, oh God, we made it.
Dan: It really was a good decision by the studio. But we felt a bit like we were in a bum situation. So then Lego comes to us and says, “Well, we have this 44-minute special we want to do about LEGO ninjas.” And we weren’t really sure at first. But then they said, “We are DEFINITELY going to make this.”
Dan: Ninjago is so different from other shows—there is no writer’s room, there’s no showrunner. It’s literally just us writing these scripts. When we were hired to write the first 13 episodes, the first thing we did was call up someone who wrote for TV and basically ask, “How the hell do you write a TV series?” We really learned by the seat of our pants. Fake it ‘til you make it. We know what we want to see, we know what we don’t want to see. And you just kind of write towards that. LEGO came to us with a very simple approach: four ninjas, Sensei Wu, and a bad guy. What LEGO did well is that they understood that this was a toy commercial, but if we’re just writing a toy commercial, there’s no fun in that. At the same time, Dan and I didn’t mind writing a project that has to have, say, a tank with a grappling hook in it, because tanks with grappling hooks are cool. And also ninjas are cool.
Kevin: So we came in and we wanted to bring a Star Wars quality of mysticism and magic and really make it a world, a universe. So we said, this isn’t about ninjas collecting weapons, it’s about a brother saving his sister. And we brought the emotion into the story.
Dan: Everyone kind of signed off, from to the musicians to the composers to the animators, on really raising their bar. We all understand it’s a toy thing, but we all want to make it more than just a toy thing.
Kevin: I mean, we treat this very seriously. When we first started to write the actual series, we had to do 13 or 26 episodes, and the producers suggested we just follow a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles format: close-ended, half-hour, disposable episodes. But we didn’t want to watch that. We were inspired by these wonderful serialized adventures we loved—Indiana Jones, Star Wars—and we thought, why can’t we make something like that for kids?
Dan: It made you believe in the world. We were talking to the Cartoon Network about why kids have embraced it so much. And they were saying that all the content that’s out there is all just rehashing of their parent’s stuff: Transformers, GI Joe, Avengers. But Ninjago is the first world they feel is their own. They know the names; they know how to pronounce Lord Garmadon.
Kevin: Because we tend to stick in the emotional tones. We’re always looking for the emotional drive and the serious beats, what makes characters tick and all that. But you can’t just have emotion and no comedy, or you’d have the most depressing animated LEGO movie of all time.
Kevin: And the visuals of The LEGO Movie are going to be really incredible. It’s literally made entirely of LEGOs. Everything. If you see fire, or smoke in the distance, that’s all LEGOs. And it looks incredible; the artists really raised the bar.
Haley: I don’t know. You guys are cool. You make it sound scary—it clearly hasn’t been a quick route to success—but you’re also in this amazing place where you’re doing work that you love, and it’s working for you.
When I went vegan, I figured that cream cheese was just gonna be one of those things I lived without. I tried a couple of store brands, including Tofutti (umm, tastes like tofu to me), and Daiya (so chalky I can’t even get it down!), and Trader Joe’s Brand (I can’t remember why I hated that one, so I guess I blocked it from my memory). In short, commercial vegan cream cheese substitutes just do not do it for me. Nor did blending cashews with lemon juice. I mean, that tasted good, but it didn’t have that hip tang. I gave up for a while. Years, actually. I put hummus on my bagels and soyrizo in my jalapeno poppers. Then one day, I discovered that you can make easy cultured cashew cream cheese with nothing but nondairy yogurt and cashews. WTF? Was it seriously that easy this entire time?
I’m a little intimidated by fermented foods. I took a few stabs at making rejuvelac for the Artisan Vegan Cheese recipes, and it didn’t work so well for me. Beyond that, the process made me incredibly nervous. So take it from someone who is far from a whiz with culturing and fermenting things: this cashew cream cheese is extremely easy to make. And unlike rejuvelac, you will already know what the end product is supposed to smell and taste like! You know what yogurt is like, and you probably know what dairy cream cheese is like. You’ll be fine! If you’re nervous, start with a half batch (assuming your blender is small enough that it can blend that volume of ingredients smoothly).
4.8 from 34 votes Print Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amazingly easy vegan cultured cashew cream cheese, made from just two ingredients: cashews and nondairy yogurt. This vegan cream cheese will make a believer out of any skeptic. Naturally paleo, gluten-free, grain-free and no sugar added! Prep Time 10 minutes Total Time 10 minutes Total Yield 2 cups Calories Per Serving 81 kcal Author Yup, it's Vegan Ingredients 2 cups raw cashews soaked overnight in filtered water (raw macadamia nuts also work - but will take a lot longer to blend)
filtered water as needed to blend Instructions Prepare a clean and dry glass or other nonreactive container. I use a Pyrex container. It may not be strictly required, but it's best to sterilize all of your equipment with boiling water before getting started. Drain the liquid off of the soaked cashews. Add them to a blender or food processor and blend until completely smooth. If you aren't used a high-powered blender, it will take several minutes for the cashews to break down and release oils in order to become a smooth mixture. Stop to scrape down the sides as needed; you can also add filtered water a tablespoon at a time if you're having trouble blending. Note: if your blender has warmed the mixture very much, it's best to take a break now and wait for it to cool down (we don't want to kill the yogurt cultures with heat). Then, add the yogurt and salt and pulse to combine. Transfer to the clean container and cover. Let sit out at room temperature for 24 hours. Use a clean utensil to taste the mixture, and add more sea salt to taste; let it culture for another 12-24 hours if you want a stronger tang. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 weeks. (Note: length of storage time may depend on the culturing conditions and brand of yogurt used). (Optional step) This recipe makes cultured cashew cream cheese with a texture more like "whipped" dairy cream cheese. For a firmer texture like block cream cheese, press out the liquid using cheesecloth. Recipe Notes I use So Delicious Plain Unsweetened Cultured Coconut Milk as my nondairy yogurt of choice. I have tried this with soy yogurt and it also works. I find Forager cashew yogurt a little more prone to mold than other brands. Whatever you do, please use UNflavored, UNsweetened, yogurt. I have experienced that the raw cashews sold at Trader Joe's are a lower quality than other vendors. They do work for this recipe, but I recommend against them if you have other options available. Nutrition Facts Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amount Per Serving (2 tablespoons) Calories 81 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Polyunsaturated Fat 1g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 76mg 3% Total Carbohydrates 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 1g Protein 3g 6% Calcium 1% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
“What we’re saying is that if he wants to build a wall so that Mexicans can’t enter his country, then he is not welcome in our country,” Delgadillo said, according to the publication. “What we need now is for President Peña Nieto to make a strong statement condemning Mr. Trump’s anti-Mexican comments.”
It cited public order and security concerns in withdrawing landing rights for Cavusoglu's flight and said the threat of sanctions made the search for a reasonable solution impossible.
Rutte, the Dutch prime minister, said: "This morning on TV (the Turkish minister) made clear he was threatening the Netherlands with sanctions and we can never negotiate with the Turks under such threats. So we decided ... in a conference call it was better for him not to come."
“If you change your campaign’s name, you are trying to deodorize it to make it acceptable to critics. But the critics will always find something for which to criticize you. They will still make up stories. Changing the name is the least of my concerns,” he said.
Tate, 21, will remain in the county jail until at least Sunday morning, when he is expected to make a bond court appearance. He has denied any physical contact with his girlfriend, Ramseyer said.
The snow-clearing tram known as Sasara Densha makes its rounds in Sapporo, home of the famous Sapporo Snow Festival. The 2018 festival is scheduled to take place from Feb. 1 to Feb. 12.
Rep. Charlie Rangel didn't get much traction behind his plan to make women register for the draft, coupled with his perennial proposal to reinstate compulsory military service. Rangel's goal is to give all Americans a stake in the wars the country fights, but it doesn't appear that his colleagues—or the Pentagon brass—share his views.
3% — Snarky bill names were not confined to the House of Representatives. Sen. Tom Coburn proposed the Let Me Google That For You Act, which would eliminate an obscure document-keeping agency. Its purpose, Coburn argued, has been largely made redundant by the availability of records on the Internet.
4% — Finally, Stockman makes this list twice with his self-named bill to disprove global warming. Intent on etching his name into law, the representative's Stockman Effect Act is his last attempt at disproving global warming. The bill directs scientists to study the Earth's magnetic field, which, if given more scrutiny, will apparently displace global warming as the culprit for most weather changes. Sadly for connoisseurs of such legislation, Stockman won't be back in the 114th Congress. But perhaps his ideas will live on.
Information matters more than results. We'll look for clues on player usage and traits while understanding that August is a mirage usually conjured up by thirsty football takesmen. Teams don't truly game-plan in the preseason, which makes it a different sport. Stable teams take a backseat for now; the preseason won't tell us much about the Panthers and Packers. This month is all about the players and teams we don't know.
This entire Broncos quarterback situation is unprecedented. The 2001 Ravens are the only other defending champions to replace their top two quarterbacks, but they didn't hold an open competition in camp. Baltimore simply handed the job to Elvis Grbac, a decision that proved even the best general managers make big mistakes. John Elway hoped to avoid that in Denver by trading for veteran Mark Sanchez (who is signed to a modest deal) while drafting Paxton Lynch in the first round. Lynch isn't believed to be a candidate to start due to an erratic camp, although a red-hot preseason could always change the picture. Sanchez will start Denver's preseason opener, with Trevor Siemian very much in the mix.
It's a terrible sign for Sanchez that he has failed to gain any separation in practice against Siemian, a second-year pro drafted in the seventh round in 2015. The tie should go to the younger player. It is all reminiscent of 2013 in New York, when Sanchez struggled to beat out then-rookie Geno Smith. The difference here: Siemian's careful playing personality makes him less likely than Sanchez to commit a game-crushing mistake. Perhaps that's all Denver coach Gary Kubiak wants. The Broncos have the biggest range of potential outcomes of any team in football this year. They could repeat as champs or finish under .500 -- nothing would surprise. That makes them a must-watch team, even in August. (Rookie safety Justin Simmons and rookie running back Devontae Booker are also players to keep an eye on.)
Put aside the cynicism for a minute, and you'll see two quarterbacks with raw skill and a coach unafraid to be aggressive. The 49ers are such a strange team, but Kelly makes them fascinating. The defensive front seven is better than you think, especially if rookie DeForest Buckner makes good on his camp buzz. Two of the three starting receiver jobs are open, as is the tight end job. The football dork in me loves it all.
Robert Griffin III was signed by Cleveland on March 24, more than two weeks after he was released by the Redskins. It was hard to imagine him starting for any team as he languished on the free agent market, much less having a job locked down before the preseason starts. That takes some juice out of the Browns' preseason, but not much. We still want to see how RGIII looks against a live pass rush. We want to see if first-round pick Corey Coleman can live up to those Steve Smith comparisons, and whether Terrelle Pryor can finish his improbable journey from college quarterback to starting NFL wide receiver. We want to see running back Duke Johnson begin to make the leap. Browns homers can also enjoy open starting jobs up for grabs across the defense, but this preseason will be all about new coach Hue Jackson's offense. Are the Browns sneaky exciting?
Before he pulled his hamstring, fourth overall pick Ezekiel Elliott's burst and propensity for making linebackers look foolish at Cowboys camp was something to behold. He makes Dallas appointment viewing once he recovers, while Tony Romo's mobility is something to watch. There should be some level of concern that Romo's back stiffness seems to require him to take so many days off at camp. The Cowboys also still need to figure out both starting defensive ends this month.
The Saints feel strangely fresh for a team that has had the same coach and quarterback for a decade. They finally rebuilt their offense with fun young talent around Drew Brees. Michael Thomas has made more noise than any rookie receiver this year. I've fallen for the hype in Saints camp that competent coaching and improvements through the defensive line and secondary could make this defense respectable. At running back, C.J. Spiller could earn the backup spot over Tim Hightower or get released, based on how he looks in the preseason. ... The Jaguars made news for their free agency splashes, but we'll be watching their rookies more closely this month. At least four defenders -- Jalen Ramsey, Myles Jack, Sheldon Day and Yannick Ngakoue -- have a chance to have big roles right away.
Seattle is the exception to the rule when it comes to established teams ranking low. Just watch one of the Seahawks' games. They often play so hard in the preseason that it feels like a real game. Their backfield should be among the most fun to watch this month, with Christine Michael teasing fantasy writers again. They also drafted three running backs trying to make an impact while Thomas Rawls returns from a broken ankle.
The Jets have a roster of established stars for whom the preseason doesn't matter much. We don't expect to see a ton of Matt Forte, even when he gets healthy. They only rank this high on the off chance Geno Smith plays like Joe Namath and makes my heart sing. Second-round pick Christian Hackenberg hasn't seen many snaps in camp and might not even be ready for preseason action. The Jets definitely have the most compelling battle for a No. 3 quarterback job, with 2015 fourth-rounder Bryce Petty hoping to show progress. He says he plans to "Brett Favre it" in the team's first preseason game. We just want to see what that means. ... The Bills would have been a lot more interesting this month before losing their top two rookies (Shaq Lawson and Reggie Ragland) to injury. Former Olympic hopeful Marquise Goodwin is making believers (again) in Buffalo camp, and he has a solid chance to start if he shows out in August. ... ... Arian Foster will sit out the preseason opener for the Dolphins. It's worth watching how he and Jay Ajayi look this month, and if both can escape August healthy.
The Lions will take a massive breath before the preseason starts, then exhale in a month if running back Ameer Abdullah's shoulder goes unscathed. The Bengals similarly can't handle more skill-position injuries; with their stacked roster, they don't truly need many of their young players to step up. Even Redskins beat writers admit camp this year is boring, which is a nice change of pace for them. Washington's first-round receiver Josh Doctson may not make it back on the field in time to play in the preseason, although we'll keep an eye on buzzy rookie runner Keith Marshall and second-year pro Matt Jones, who already wowed us in the preseason once. The Chiefs have a mostly veteran roster with intrigue at backup running back (Spencer Ware vs. Charcandrick West) and watching Chris Conley as the team's new starting wideout.
There will be a moment during this preseason when we all just want to move forward to the fun stuff. This is not that moment. Addicts that make it this far down a "Preseason Watchability" column have a football problem. We complain about the preseason, but we watch it. We are grateful to have any live tackling and actual scores back in our lives. Now there are just 26 weeks left until it goes away once again.
The salaries of the employees should have been the first clue something was not right. Anyone that has worked on Capitol Hill will tell you, the salaries are not great. Most staffers can expect to start in the $30-40,000 range, not a lot for one of the most expensive cities in America. However, at least three of the staffers in question were making over $160,000 per year, three times the average IT staffer salary. To put that number into perspective, Chiefs of Staff, with dozens of years on the Hill, rarely make that much.
While AJA has won awards for its reporting, it’s hard to think of any story or issue on which the network has made a real impact in the last year. Except maybe for getting sued by Al Gore.
Hawaiian Ukulele and Guitar is a distributor of KANILE‘A ‘ukulele on the Big Island. KANILE‘A are masterpiece instruments made in Hawai‘i.
Francys Arsentiev was the first American woman to reach Everest’s summit without the aid of bottled oxygen, in 1998. But climbers do not recognize this as a successful ascent since she never made it down the mountain. Following a rough night time trek to camp, her husband, a fellow climber, noticed she was missing. Despite the dangers, he chose to turn back to find his wife anyway. On his way back, he encountered a team of Uzbek climbers, who said they had tried to help Francys but had to abandon her when their own oxygen became depleted. The next day, two other climbers found Francys, who was still alive but in too poor of a condition to be moved. Her husband’s ice axe and rope were nearby, but he was nowhere to be found. Francys died where the two climbers left her, and climbers solved her husband’s disappearance the following year when they found his body lower down on the mountain face where he fell to his death.
The New York Police Department says no evidence of vandalism has been found at a predominantly Jewish cemetery where more than 40 tombstones were toppled over.The NYPD says after consultation with the management of the Washington Cemetery in Brooklyn, it was determined the 42 tombstones came down as a result of a number of factors. Those include long-term neglect or lack of maintenance, as well as environmental factors such as soil erosion.Assemblyman Dov Hikind tweeted photos Saturday night showing some headstones on the ground.There has been a rash of vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and 122 bomb threats against Jewish organizations in three dozen states since early January.A $69,000 reward has been offered for an arrest and conviction in the vandalism of Mt. Carmel Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery in the Wissinoming section of Philadelphia.Authorities said Friday that Juan Thompson, a former journalist fired for fabricating details in stories, made at least eight threats against Jewish institutions nationwide as part of a campaign against his ex-girlfriend.----The Associated Press contributed to this report.------
LORI WALLACH: Well, fast-tracking the TPP would make it easier to offshore our jobs and would put downward pressure, enormous downward pressure, on Americans’ wages, because it would throw American workers into competition with workers in Vietnam who are paid less than 60 cents an hour and have no labor rights to organize, to better their situation. Plus, the TPP would empower another 25,000 foreign corporations to use the investor state tribunals, the corporate tribunals, to attack our laws. And then there would be another 25,000 U.S. corporations in the other TPP countries who could use investor state to attack their environmental and health and labor and safety laws. And if all that weren’t enough, Big Pharma would get new monopoly patent rights that would jack up medicine prices, cutting off affordable access. And there’s rollback of financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. And there’s a ban on “Buy Local,” “buy domestic” policies. And it would undermine the policy space that we have to deal with the climate crisis—energy policies are covered. Basically, almost any progressive policy or goal would be undermined, rolled back. Plus, we would see more offshoring of jobs and more downward pressure on wages. So the big battle is over fast track, the process. And right now, thanks to a lot of pushback by activists across the country, actually, they don’t have a majority to pass it. But there’s an enormous push to change that, and that’s basically where we all come in.
But one other thing about fast track folks need to know, which is—and this gets to the weird politics—you’ve got the president basically doing the bidding of all the big corporations and commercial interests that spent millions of dollars to make sure he wasn’t elected the first time and to try and not elect him the second time. Against him are the entire labor movement united. There was a letter signed by every union president—basically, the most unity in the labor movement since certain unions left the AFL-CIO 20 years ago. And it’s the government employee unions, it’s the service sector unions—all the unions that are affected by what happens when all of our good jobs are taken away and the tax base crashes. And you’ve got groups that have never been involved in a trade fight before, all the Internet freedom groups who realize the agreement would undermine the basic rights to an accessible, free Internet. There are issues about net neutrality that could be rolled back. It’s just overarchingly a delivery mechanism for a huge, broad corporate agenda. So then, why would the president be with the Chamber of Commerce, the NAM, all the big lobby groups that also tried to unelect him? And against him are almost every House Democrat, and then, interestingly, a bunch of conservative Republicans.
But it’s not—the issue is not that they, we—anyone—doesn’t want this president to have fast track. The issue is fast track is inappropriate for any president. Fast track lets a president unilaterally pick negotiating partners, set wide rules, not about trade, that would rewrite domestic policy, sign and enter an agreement that would require us to change all of our domestic laws to meet those rules, sign and enter into that agreement before Congress votes to approve the contents, then write implementing legislation to change all the U.S. laws, that isn’t subject to congressional review through committee. It goes directly to the floor. And the president is guaranteed in 90 days a yes-or-no vote, with no filibuster, limited debate, and no amendments. So it’s literally a form of diplomatic legislating. And actually, since 1988, only two presidents have managed to have Congress give away all that authority: Ronald Reagan in '88 and George Bush II in 2002. Every other president who's tried—Clinton in '95, ’97, ’98—Congress said no. So it's not an anti-Obama thing. It’s a no giveaway of the ability of Congress to make our laws. And that’s what fast track is. And that’s why it would enable something as outrageous as the TPP.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to just ask one little example: “Buy American,” the whole push to try to buy things in the United—that are made here, because it would mean more U.S. jobs, etc.—how would that fit in to TPP?
And where we are in the campaign now is, basically, folks have to ramp up the inside and the outside, which is to say—you may think it sounds corny. I swear it makes a difference. I’ve worked in Capitol Hill. Folks, if you have not called your representative and both of your senators and gotten them to commit to you in writing that they oppose fast track, if and when it comes for a vote, which could be as soon as the third week of April, if you have not done that, you must do that. Please do that. Write them snail mail, email, call. The switchboard at the Capitol can connect you. If you’re not sure who your representative is, all you need is your ZIP code. The Capitol switchboard—you should write this down and stick it on a yellow sticky on your fridge for all purposes—202-225-3121, 202-225-3121.
Just like in any culture, good and bad points, but i love my Italian family, they always make me feel welcome and are smiling and laughing.
In June, we spent 1 1/2 weeks in Iceland, starting with their capital city, Reykjavik. From there, we circumnavigated the country via the Ring Road and wrote all about our experiences, which you can read here. The scenery in Iceland was beyond beautiful that we had at least a thousand photos to sort through once we got home. We definitely recommend nature lovers and photographers to make their own visit!
SEN. RAND PAUL: Yeah, I was talking about you. But let me—if I’m going to make the point, let me—
JEB BUSH: Well, I wanted to make it easier for him.
And finally, the last point I’ll make is, I give credit to the moderator, Jake Tapper, I think, there, for going to Paul repeatedly. He was asked seven direct questions in this debate, I think in an effort to insert a little bit of debate. Because when you saw that horrible moment—I don’t know if we’ll look at it later—between Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina arguing about who was the worst CEO or who was the worst businessperson, I mean, it was just tragic, you know, and empty.
The bots would be made with bacteria-resistant fiber and cleaned after each use so they wouldn't transmit diseases between customers. Customers "feel guilt-free" because they don't have sex with people, so they don't have to lie to spouses about what they're doing, according to the researchers.
Other drivers the researchers said that will make the sexy bot future possible are the growth of the sex industry and people's desire for humanly unattainable perfection — the researchers pointed to the popularity of plastic surgery as evidence.
Ruger CEO Mike Fifer commented, "With the support of our loyal consumers, we are not only able to make history again, but we also are showing our support of the NRA-ILA during this critical election year. I want to sincerely thank Bryan Tucker and the Davidson's organization for joining us in this challenge. I hope others follow in their footsteps to create a level of support for our Second Amendment Rights and the NRA-ILA that is contagious," Fifer concluded.
The data is saved to the file hiberfil.sys. Obviously, it makes little sense for you to disable Hibernation if you make use of the feature. If you don't however, you will free up Gigabytes of disk space by disabling the feature.
You may reduce System Restore's max usage a couple of percent. How much depends entirely on you and other backup strategies you may make use of.
The basic idea is the following one: you move the app or game to another drive, and use symbolic links to make them point from the new location to the old one.
Over the past few decades, researchers have made steady progress toward a quantum computer, for instance, by storing quantum data or performing logic operations on qubits. But the NIST work, which is published online today by the journal Science, pieces together several crucial steps for the first time. The work involved putting an ion into a desired state, storing qubit data in it, performing logical operations on one or two of the qubits, transferring that information among different locations, and finally reading out the qubit result individually. Importantly, the researchers show that they can perform one operation after another in a single experiment.
As if that weren't enough, the meeting's participants went on to express that they are "highly skeptical" about open access to scientific knowledge -- despite the huge and growing support for it among scientists themselves. The old FUD that open access somehow undermines peer review was rolled out -- even though no one who understands open access even minimally could possibly make that absurd accusation.
Google staff donations made the firm the second-largest corporate backer in Barack Obama’s 2012 re-election campaign.
Ramirez blasted suggestions that commissioners had been politically influenced. She said: “Today’s Wall Street Journal article … makes a number of misleading inferences and suggestions about the integrity of the FTC’s investigation. The article suggests that a series of disparate and unrelated meetings involving FTC officials and executive branch officials or Google representatives somehow affected the Commission’s decision to close the search investigation in early 2013. Not a single fact is offered to substantiate this misleading narrative.”
Sipo has made a preliminary decision in the case and a final report is being drafted at present.
At the 1987 Commonwealth summit, her spokesman, Bernard Ingham, derisively rejected the suggestion that the ANC could achieve power. "It is cloud cuckoo land for anyone to believe that could be done," Ingham said, seven years before the watershed election that made Mandela president.
Cameron broke with previous Conservative policy on South Africa while he was opposition leader. Returning in 2006 from South Africa, where he met Mandela for the first time, he wrote in the Observer: "The mistakes my party made in the past with respect to relations with the ANC and sanctions on South Africa make it all the more important to listen now."
• Yu-Ling Cheng, from the University of Toronto, is trying to make a toilet that will "sanitize feces within 24 hours" so human waste doesn't transmit disease through a community. Chen plans to use a process of dehydration, filtration and smoldering to render the waste harmless.
"How much sense does it make to clean up water to drinking water standards and then flush it down with sewage in an expensive pipe system?" he said. "We think modern science and technology can produce something that is more like the cell phone of sanitation."
I told you that for almost 50 years, that true story had a happy ending: from the black struggle in Selma came the Voting Rights Act, which had advanced freedom, elected presidents, and made America better.
Just so you know, all this makes a mockery of the claims about educational “excellence.” And if you accept this, there are more pieces of freedom waiting to be chopped off, like limbs from a tree, and others ready to give similar orders.
Before I continue, I'll take this opportunity for a rant: getting Domain Admin should NOT be the sole scope of your pentest and if it is you are doing it wrong. You should be focusing on post-exploitation, trying to find sensitive PII, documents etc.. anything that can clearly demonstrate to 'management' how much it could have impacted the organization if it were a real world compromise. However, having Domain Admin access does make life easier, provides additional value to the client and tends to make an impression on the Blue Team.
Originally, I wanted something that could just take BloodHounds output, parse it, feed it to Empire and make it follow the 'chain'. However, BloodHound does not take into account (at least to my knowledge) paths that could be achieved using domain privilege escalations such as GPP Passwords in SYSVOL (I personally find that one an almost every engagement).
Ben Goldacre is a very angry man, with good reason. In this book he lays out how the pharmaceutical industry has distorted drug research in pursuit of profit, sometimes intentionally, sometimes entirely without malice but with equally devastating effects for patient welfare. This matters because patients are prescribed less effective drugs, or drugs which are outright harmful, at huge financial expense to those paying for the drugs. This isn’t a conspiracy theory book; Goldacre is quite clear that many valuable drugs have come out of the industry, and that most of the people who work in it want to make better drugs. He sets out in detail how and why bias is introduced into both research and prescribing practices, putting it in layman’s terms but linking to the research papers and court documents that back up what he’s saying. He also addresses the failings of the current regulatory system, and proposes ways to improve things — pointing out that unless real controls with serious financial penalties are put in place, even those companies which genuinely want to reform will be under commercial pressure to continue with bad practice in a race to the bottom.
Bad Pharma is an angry but rational examination of a real problem that affects millions of people, including almost anyone reading this review. It’s a worthwhile read, even if it makes for uncomfortable reading for patients, doctors and companies alike.
More than 2,000 outlets have shut, leaving some laid-off workers scrambling - without pay - to make good on existing customers' orders.
But some suddenly displaced CPI employees, believing the company could wrongly foist the responsibility of filling outstanding customers' orders onto Wal-Mart and Sears, were hustling Friday trying to make good with the clients while absorbing the shock of losing their jobs and related benefits, including insurance coverage.
More than 2,000 portrait outlets have shut, leaving some laid-off workers scrambling - without pay - to make good on existing customers' orders
'There's a chance (CPI) was not going to make good on their promises to customers, and if they don't they make us look like liars,' McDowell, of Alton, Ill., said.
It matters. An Argentinian chef, say, who wants to make Japanese sushi may get all the ingredients right, but likely it just won’t work out quite the same. Similarly, a Pythonista could certainly cook up some code for some statistical procedure by reading a statistics book, but it wouldn’t be quite same. It would likely be missing some things of interest to the practicing statistician. And R is Statistically Correct.
This vectorized R code turned out to be much faster than the Julia code–more than 1000 times faster, in fact, in the case of simulation 1000000 steps. For 100000000 steps, Julia actually is much faster than R, but the point is that the claims made about Julia’s speed advantage are really overblown.
Finally, in our Bay Area R meeting last week, one speaker made the audacious statement, “R is not a full programming language.” Says who?! As I mentioned earlier, I’m a longtime Python fan, but these days I even do all my non-stat coding in R, for apps that I would have used Python for in the past. For example, over the years I had developed a number of Python scripts to automate the administration of the classes I teach. But last year, when I wanted to make some modifications to them, I decided to rewrite them in R from scratch, so as to make future modifications easier for me.
This is the first affordable Raspberry Pi case made out of aluminum. We wanted to ensure we didn’t sacrifice form over function, so we used the aluminum housing of the case to provide a built in heat sink. Supplied with the case is a thermal pad and 4 screws for the simplest Raspberry Pi case assembly on the market. It only takes seconds to drop your Raspberry Pi into it’s amazing new home and show it off on your counter top.
While Pence is expected to make the case that Democrat Hillary Clinton is unfit for the White House, officials said his speech will not be a full-throated takedown in the style of earlier speakers.
“I think he did a lot — he met with dozens and dozens of members and made a lot of accommodations — but in the end, there’s a group of people in this party who just won’t say yes,” Mr. Cole said. “At some point, I think that means looking beyond our conference. The president is a deal maker, and Ronald Reagan cut some of his most important deals with Democrats.”
"However, I'm disappointed that the SEC has also chosen to rush to judgment about the company's management and make sweeping allegations without the benefit of a thorough investigation," Jesenik said. "I look forward to addressing these claims in court."
Oliver too disputed the SEC's claims. ""Brian has not done anything wrong and we are deeply disappointed that the SEC would make such serious allegations without even speaking to him," said Oliver's lawyer Jahan Raissi.
There is one thing we can all agree on. In polls galore, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE would defeat every potential Republican opponent in 2016 by landslide margins. Based on every poll I know of, Clinton looks like Babe Ruth and Paul looks like the little league for the 2016 race.
Danny also wanted to get some press coverage, but knew very little about public relations best practices. “I gave myself every possibility to have good things happen because it was so unknown,” Danny says. One way he did this was to make a wish list of around 30 blogs that he wanted to feature Litographs’ story. Instead of sending a press release, he scraped text from each blog, created hand-printed litographs of their logos, and sent them out via snail mail along with a suggestion that they cover his story. Four out of five of them did, and the first was TechCrunch – leading to the largest spike in the campaign’s donors.
To appeal to as many donors as possible, the Brattle put a great deal of thought into its rewards. “My impression of Kickstarter is that it’s tougher for local projects… our strategy was to make it attractive to people who don’t live nearby,” says Larry Yu, a board member who was involved in the execution and promotion of the campaign. To increase the chances of getting national donors as well as local, more personally-invested contributors, the Brattle offered a mix of lower to higher-end rewards, some regionally dependent and some not. These rewards included Brattle “Schwag,” movie tickets, a night with celebrity Amanda Palmer, and even choosing the name for the new HVAC system.
Even with creative and diverse prizes, the Brattle’s campaign needed quite a bit of marketing power. In the first two weeks of the campaign, the Brattle reached its 20% mark, and finished strong with around 40% of funds rolling in the last week. According to Larry, a large reason for the campaign’s success near the end was the snowball effect of the Brattle’s promotional efforts. The theater started by promoting the campaign to its close networks – friends, family, and fans of the theater. In those initial solicitations, the promotional team also made an effort to focus on more influential connectors in its network that could help spread the word – connectors like influencers at Harvard University, the City of Cambridge, and local press and niche film publications. Using the theater’s press releases, the Boston Globe wrote several pieces highlighting the Brattle’s campaign.
According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.
First, let’s get the supposed phrase right. The Spanish word for people is gente, not geste. Note that the supposed derivation requires Columbus to have made an error in spelling, since "in" in Spanish is en; the word in doesn’t exist in the language. I’ll have more to say on this point later.
Third, let’s look at what Columbus actually said. The admiral wrote a letter, in Spanish, detailing his discoveries while off the Azores during his homeward voyage. He forwarded this to the royal court, then at Barcelona, shortly after his storm-driven arrival in Lisbon on March 4, 1493. The original manuscript has not survived, but a printed copy made shortly after its receipt has. In the first paragraph Columbus says "In 33 days I passed from the Canary Islands to the Indies" (en 33 días pasé de las islas de Canaria a las Indias). His first reference to the inhabitants comes in the second paragraph: "To the first [island] which I found I gave the name San Salvador . . . the Indians call it Guanahaní" (A la primera que yo hallé puse nombre San Salvador . . . los Indios la llaman Guanahaní). In all he makes six references to India or the Indies, and four to Indios. Nowhere in the letter does he use a phrase resembling una gente in Dios. He says little of the spiritual beliefs of the people–at one point he states, "These people practice no kind of idolatry; on the contrary they firmly believe that all strength and power, and in fact all good things are in heaven, and that I had come down from thence with these ships and sailors;" at another he says "they are very ready and favorably inclined" to be converted to Christianity–but that’s about it.
Mirantis chose to run Fuel on Docker beginning with Mirantis OpenStack 5.0 because it accelerates Fuel updates through rapid application assembly. With the modifications we made to Puppet, Ruby, and Python code to put Fuel on Docker, you can now redeploy Fuel in less than 30 seconds without rollbacks or cleanup scripts. You can make changes, test them quickly, and rollback if necessary. You can also update the Fuel master node and rollback if you have problems.
We also made enhancements to Fuel stability in 5.1 with the dockerctl utility tracking configuration activity for Fuel on Docker updates, which pass hundreds of parameters to 13 containers to configure port mappings, disk path mappings, and privileged modes. Dockerctl is particularly important because the mappings are massive for applications that require 5-6 parameters from astute.yaml for each container to deploy the application.
The video ends with Mark grabbing the two taggers, chasing them off the train at the next station, and trying to make a citizen's arrest.
Still, whether this particular antibody-antibiotic pair is successful in humans may not matter in the long run. Researchers can continue to try new combinations, even reviving antibiotics that failed to make it through the development pipeline. Antibiotics that may be toxic or bad at circulating through the human body on their own could be highly effective when glued to a bacteria-targeting partner. And researchers could make pairings with antibodies that target other infectious microbes, creating a host of other potential new therapies.
No. 2: Beware of generalizations. Robinson quotes a statement from the World Health Organization: “Different GM organisms include different genes inserted in different ways. This means that individual GM foods and their safety should be assessed on a case-by-case basis and that it is not possible to make general statements on the safety of all GM foods.” She portrays this as an argument for regulating GMOs more strictly than non-GMOs. She’s wrong. The statement means exactly what it says: Instead of segregating food into clumsy, overbroad categories, each product should be assessed on its own merits. That’s the problem with GMO labeling: It’s unwarranted segregation.
No. 6: Scrutinize everything. In the Slate article, I accused GMO critics of selective scrutiny: playing up the risks of GMOs while playing down the risks of non-GMO alternatives. One example was a papaya engineered with a gene from a virus. The papaya has been portrayed as dangerous, even though people have safely eaten non-GMO papayas loaded with the same virus for decades. Robinson says the comparison is faulty because “the genetically engineered form of the virus is not the same as the natural virus.” She claims that “the GM gene insertion and subsequent tissue culture processes used in genetic engineering create mutations. These can result in biochemical changes in the plant, which in turn could make the plant unexpectedly toxic or allergenic.” But mutations are hardly unique to GMOs. They’re ubiquitous, especially in plant breeding. You’re no more likely to get a toxic mutation from a GMO than from a non-GMO.
No. 11: Beware of conspiracy theories. Robinson says the Slate article was “political” because it “was published just before the Republican-led House of Representatives considered a complete ban on mandatory GMO labelling.” That’s news to me, since I didn’t even know the House vote was coming. As for Robinson’s suggestion that I’m a rabid Republican and my colleagues are in cahoots with the GOP, I bet that’s pretty funny to those of you who actually read Slate. Don’t be a sucker for conspiracy theories. They make you feel vigilant, when in fact you’re being credulous.
Co-founded by Lochlainn Wilson and Yuka Kojima, the project has a very prominent supporter: Philip Rosedale, who tells me he plans to make his new VR-compatible world High Fidelity compatible with the FOVE. In fact, he believes the eye-tracking technology is so important for the future of VR, it'll become standard in the next generation of VR HMDs:
The hiking trail in Woodford State Park brings you around Adams Reservoir, a gorgeous, tree-lined lake nestled in the Green Mountains. Woodford State Park is much more secluded than Lake Shaftsbury, and much cooler (temperature wise). We’ve seen moose up here and spent days on the water without running into another person. The trail around the lake isn’t difficult, but at 2.7 miles, it might be hard for younger kids to make it around. We love how dark and mossy the trail is. There are several easy stream crossings, and you may even see the carnivorous sundew plants if you look very carefully along the shore.
The Mile Around Woods trail is one of the best hikes in Southern Vermont. It sits behind the beautiful Park McCullough house in North Bennington, VT. This loop starts by taking hikers through beautiful farm fields of grazing horses, then meanders through a hardwood forest on a lovely, wide path. The forest loop is exactly a mile long, but you can make the adventure last by traipsing across several fields, or by visiting the historic Park McCullough House and Hiland Hall gardens. I recommend making an afternoon of it – the Park McCullough House is open for tours on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from May to October. The Hiland Hall gardens have been meticulously restored and are located behind the main house.
Emerald Lake State Park is nestled in a deep valley between the Taconic Mountains to the West and the Green Mountains to the east. The two mountain ranges are only a few hundred yards apart here, and they rise up steeply on either side of the lake. Covering just 20 acres, Emerald Lake isn’t big, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in beauty. There are several hiking trails in Emerald Lake State Park, and if you and your kids are into vistas, I recommend checking out the Vista Trail, which is a steady climb with awesome views of the lake. I have to say that our kids much prefer the lake trail, which hugs the shoreline, with side trails into the three campground loops. We like taking the trail to the “C” loop because it travels through the wetlands at the south end of the lake, perfect for some kid-friendly birding adventures.
Merck Forest and Farmland Center is a nonprofit educational center and outdoor stewardship organization that maintains 3,162 acres of woods and farmland in Rupert, Vermont. There are more than 30 miles of hiking trails to explore, plus cabins for camping. We like to stroll around the farm, visit the animals, check out the maple tap house, and then head up to Birch Pond for a dip and a picnic. This is a fairly easy, 3-mile loop, but we often make a day of it because the animals are so hard to resist.
Looking for a nice hike to a pristine mountain lake? Little Rock Pond sits just off the Appalachian / Long trail. The hike is 4 miles round-trip, but it gains just 350 feet in elevation. The lake is just far enough from civilization that it is never crowded, but close enough that it can be a nice day trip for a hike, picnic, and swim. Other hikers have seen leeches in Little Rock Pond, but I never have, and we’ve been there dozens of times. Just something to be aware of. There’s a lean-to shelter and several tent platforms set up near the lake for hikers, which also makes this hike the perfect first backpacking adventure for your family.
Thoughts on whiskey: “The water was not fit to drink. To make it palatable, we had to add whisky. By diligent effort, I learned to like it.”
Thoughts on whiskey: “Love makes the world go round? Not at all. Whiskey makes it go round twice as fast.”
If you’re a soldier — say, an elite U.S. special operator at U.S. Central Command headquarters, maybe with some battle buddies from U.S. Special Operations Command and Joint Special Operations Command — answer me this: When your commanding general tells you that the reporters covering your work are important and he makes a public effort to engage, educate, bring them along to war zones and build trust with the press corps, but your commander-in-chief says those same reporters are “dishonest,” and accuses them of purposefully ignoring terrorism (and by extension ignoring your hard, life-sacrificing work to fight terrorism) for some wink-and-nod agenda of their own, whom should you believe?
The U.S. military works with hundreds of reporters from global TV networks to niche magazines and bloggers doing their jobs every day. In our jobs, we interview American and foreign allied troops on their way to die and we talk to their mothers when they return home in caskets. We travel with and talk to the experienced Joint Chiefs and the newest Marines out of boot camp. We fly onto aircraft carriers and into forward operating bases, and then to bespoke-suited NATO meetings of top European defense ministers — often in the same week. Generals, admirals, and service secretaries trust us enough to take us into dangerous places where there are secrecy rules to keep us all safe. They give us briefings and speak to us, often privately, to make sure we are getting the story right or that they are at least getting their version of the story heard. Some of us have been shot at, blown up, and killed, alongside the servicemen and -women we are covering, and some are still going back into the war zones to keep reporting. They have earned the respect and admiration of troops of all ranks.
Even though I had held senior jobs in the U.S. government and was president of a major university, before becoming secretary of defense, I had never had sustained a regular on-the-record interaction with the news media. When I first took office, I worried that relations between the Pentagon, the military and the press, while always difficult, were mostly characterized by mutual suspicion and resentment. So I made it a point when speaking to military officers, from cadets to generals, to remind them that a vigorous, inquisitive and even skeptical press was a critically important guarantor of the — of freedom under the Constitution and not to be treated as the enemy.
I know we don’t always make it easy to do your jobs here. Gaining timely and usable information out of the bureaucracy and their gatekeepers is always a challenge, a challenge that I’ve shared with you on occasion. So thanks again for your professionalism, tough questions and hard work.”
We aim to detect the view-all version of your content and, if available, its associated component pages. There’s nothing more you need to do! However, if you’d like to make it more explicit to us, you can include rel=”canonical” from your component pages to your view-all to increase the likelihood that we detect your series of pages appropriately.
Webmaster level: Intermediate to AdvancedUser testing has taught us that searchers much prefer the view-all, single-page version of content over a component page containing only a portion of the same information with arbitrary page breaks (which cause the user to click “next” and load another URL).Therefore, to improve the user experience, when we detect that a content series (e.g. page-1.html, page-2.html, etc.) also contains a single-page version (e.g. page-all.html), we’re now making a larger effort to return the single-page version in search results. If your site has a view-all option, there’s nothing you need to do; we’ll work to do it on your behalf. Also, indexing properties, like links, will be consolidated from the component pages in the series to the view-all page.Interestingly, the cases when users didn’t prefer the view-all page were correlated with high latency (e.g., when the view-all page took a while to load, say, because it contained many images). This makes sense because we know users are less satisfied with slow results . So while a view-all page is commonly desired, as a webmaster it’s important to balance this preference with the page’s load time and overall user experience.In the diagram, page-2.html of a series may specify the canonical target as page-all.html because page-all.html is a superset of page-2.html's content. When a user searches for a query term and page-all.html is selected in search results, even if the query most related to page-2.html, we know the user will still see page-2.html’s relevant information within page-all.html.On the other hand, page-2.html shouldn’t designate page-1.html as the canonical because page-2.html’s content isn’t included on page-1.html. It’s possible that a user’s search query is relevant to content on page-2.html, but if page-2.html’s canonical is set to page-1.html, the user could then select page-1.html in search results and find herself in a position where she has to further navigate to a different page to arrive at the desired information. That’s a poor experience for the user, a suboptimal result from us, and it could also bring poorly targeted traffic to your site.However, if you strongly desire your view-all page not to appear in search results: 1) make sure the component pages in the series don’t include rel=”canonical” to the view-all page, and 2) mark the view-all page as “noindex” using any of the standard methods.It’s not uncommon for webmasters to incorrectly use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the first page of their series (e.g. page-2.html with rel=”canonical” to page-1.html). We recommend against this implementation because the component pages don’t actually contain duplicate content. Using rel=”next” and rel=”prev” is far more appropriate.Because users generally prefer the view-all option in search results, we’re making more of an effort to properly detect and serve this version to searchers. If you have a series of content, there’s nothing more you need to do. If you’d like to hint more to Google how best to serve users your information:As always, feel free to ask in our Webmaster Help Forum
“We just need to make sure that our policy approach to addressing this situation is rooted in evidence and facts,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest. “It’s clear that we don’t have enough evidence at this point.”
“The FBI director actually made clear that he didn’t know exactly what was going on either,” Mr. Earnest said. “The president’s point is we need to make policy decisions that are based on facts and evidence and not anecdotes. There is still no evidence to substantiate the claim that the increase in violent crime is related to an unwillingness of police officers to do their job.”
It actually says that incoming solar energy is ‘reflected’ by the planet’s surface ‘in the form of a calmer, more slow-moving type of energy called infrared radiation. … Infrared radiation is carried slowly aloft by air currents, and its eventual escape into space is delayed by greenhouse gases’ (emphasis added). Given your recent excellent explanation of the real physics on RC, I thought you might be interested! It’s downright disturbing that this silliness comes from such an important source; and I’ve found it repeated all over the place. (On that RC post, I would humbly suggest that the section on stratospheric cooling could helpfully be expanded to make that clearer?)
Again, it can be useful to stop and contemplate whether a simple conceptual framework can provide greater understanding of climate model predictions and the observations we make on the climate system. I think that there are not too many simple descriptions, as Wood pointed out, that are convincing in terms of physics.
When GHG concentrations change, there is also a disruption in the vertical energy flow so that the planetary energy balance is perturbed. This is the frequently cited extra forcing estimated at the top of the atmosphere (TOA), and this is where some of the assumptions made above don’t quite hold (the picture is correct for a planet in equilibrium, but during a transition the planet is no longer in an equilibrium) and extra energy is taken up by warming of the oceans and surface.
But by returning home prices to a more normal ratio relative to incomes, it would make housing affordable once again. This would get buyers back into the game, but even more important, it would establish a basis for valuing the plethora of mortgage-backed securities that have permeated the financial markets.
And if the lower price this agency does offer causes demand to exceed supply, HOLC II, like its predecessor, might even be able to make a profit for the government.
“Acting as the world’s judge of human rights, the U.S. made arbitrary attacks and irresponsible remarks on the human rights situation in almost 200 countries and regions," read a brief editorial accompanying the report in Xinhua, the state-run news agency.
Garrison added in her e-mail that ”I know you’ve run into issues getting information you’ve requested from the city water authority and the MI Dept of Environmental Quality. Again, not knowing the full extent of your investigation it’s difficult to make recommendations, and it may be difficult for us to provide the kind of detailed input needed for such an extensive outbreak from afar.”
“She was concerned that an announcement was going to be made soon about the water as the source of the infection; I told her the Flint water was at this point just a hypothesis,” Susan Bohm of the Department of Health and Human Services wrote to officials in Genesee County in an e-mail dated Oct. 21, 2014.
But last week, other e-mails released by the liberal group Progress Michigan showed an aide in Snyder's office was notified in March 2015 — more than nine months before Snyder said he learned of the problem — that there was an increase in Legionnaires' disease cases in Genesee County. The aide, Harvey Hollins, said in an interview last week he did not brief the governor on the issue at the time because he told state environmental department officials to gather more information and make their own recommendation if warranted.
Code enforcement issued its citation to the landlord of Kat's Pub weeks before Angel Burlesque's performance took place, based upon the titillating nature of the bar's advertisement for the show. While the department says that "by definition, burlesque does not mean adult entertainment," the confluence of burlesque and a less than fully clothed woman on a poster was enough evidence for the city to make its decision.
But "regularly"? That's up for debate. And that ambiguity likely led to the cancellation of monthly, First Friday performances by Angel Burlesque at Deluxe at Old National Centre, which was contacted by the code enforcement in 2012, responding to a complaint similar to the one made about Kat's Pub.
"Bottoms Up makes their home in Radio Radio and the Historic Melody Inn, while Creme de les Femmes can be found anywhere from Birdy's to the Casba's underground bar. Rocket Doll Revue are regulars at White Rabbit Cabaret and now The Sinking Ship; Pur Company can be found just about anywhere there's a party when they're not doing their regular gig at Room 929; Angel Burlesque is equally at home on Crackers' comedy stage or the eminently respectable Deluxe room at Old National Centre. And Hasenpfeffer is White Rabbit Cabaret's troupe-in-residence."
Not that Katie couldn't make the case for Angel Burlesque's importance to the city in other ways. When she spoke to NUVO by phone last week, she was getting ready to cut a $2,000 check to Indiana Equality Action, from funds raised during its Bourbon Boylesque event at the Athenaeum last month. Angel Burlesque also hosts an annual fundraiser for the Indiana AIDS Fund, and has given money to the Julian Center and Planned Parenthood.
Rapidshare is lacking in features & design, but if you’re looking for a one-click file host, you came to the right place. Founded in 2006, the service is the twelfth most visited homepage in the world. With Rapidshare, users can upload big files (200MB) in one step and subsequently make them available to friends and family via the download link. Premium accounts offer additional convenience, through TrafficShare that provides the option to make files available for direct downloading. The recipient of the file can access it instantaneously even if he/she is not a premium account member of RapidShare. A file can be downloaded 10 times, and will be deleted after 90 days.
Sharing files, large or small, should be a simple act, in my opinion—not something that should require a major effort or thought process on your behalf or make you create a complicated profile/account to use it. The options I listed here will help you explore the diverse file-sharing opportunities currently available. Whether you need to send a file privately or publicly, small or big, temporary or permanent, the options are all in this list, you just need to find the best match for your needs.
Mae isn’t the only constituent to make such a claim. Three more congressional district 2 residents allege the same treatment by Taylor and his staff.
Holtz said she tried to make a post from her own page to ask about why she had prevented from speaking on his page. She tagged the congressman in her post, trying to determine if there was an alternative form of communication with him about it.
Each of the women said they never used profanity or attacked other commenters. Each said they used the Facebook page to make their stances known to Taylor.
Thirty-two percent of women said they make more money than their partner and half said they would marry someone who earned significantly less than them, while 41 percent wouldn’t.
The Family through the Creation, Fall, and Atonement Three foundational events in God’s plan combine to make marriage and family relationships possible for time and eternity. These events are the Creation, the Fall, and the Atonement. The scriptural account of the Creation culminates not just with the creation of man but with the establishment of marriage. A brief summary of Adam and Eve’s eternal marriage in Eden is found in Genesis 1:28, including the charge to “multiply, and replenish the earth.” President Joseph Fielding Smith (1876–1972) explained: “Marriage as established in the beginning was an eternal covenant. The first man and the first woman were not married until death should part them, for at that time death had not come into the world. The ceremony on that occasion was performed by the Eternal Father himself whose work endures forever.”6 Thus, the crowning event of the Creation was not just when Adam and Eve were created in the image of their heavenly parents7 but when they were sealed in eternal marriage like their heavenly parents. From the beginning, marriage between a man and a woman was ordained of God and established as the ultimate purpose of our creation. Although Adam and Eve enjoyed eternal marriage like our heavenly parents, they could not yet enjoy the full blessings of family life. As the prophet Lehi explained, they were originally created in a state where “they would have had no children” (2 Nephi 2:23). One reason they chose to partake of the forbidden fruit and fall to mortality was so that they would have children. “Adam fell that men might be,” Lehi explained (2 Nephi 2:25). Marriage and family relationships, made possible by the Creation and the Fall, are made eternal through the Atonement of Jesus Christ. As Sister Julie B. Beck, former Relief Society general president, taught: “The Atonement allows for the family to be sealed together eternally. It allows for families to have eternal growth and perfection. The plan of happiness, also called the plan of salvation, was a plan created for families.”8
Pakistan's port city of Karachi is 30 times larger now than it was at the end of World War II. That tremendous growth caught the interest of NPR's Morning Edition co-host Steve Inskeep, who has made numerous reporting trips to Pakistan over the past decade. In his new book, Instant City: Life and Death in Karachi, Inskeep explores the growing pains — and the vitality — of a city experiencing explosive population growth.
In Instant City, Inskeep makes the counterintuitive argument that as Karachi becomes a less diverse place, it actually becomes a more dangerous place. When India and Pakistan were divided into two separate countries in 1947, one was meant to be majority Hindu and the other majority Muslim.
"There was a mass exodus of people who found themselves on the wrong side of the dividing lines," Inskeep says. "Hindus left Karachi by the hundreds of thousands, and even more Muslims came. You would think that would make it more stable. It actually became less stable over time."
"People come to this place that we think of as being terrible and polluted and poor, because it's actually rich," Inskeep says. "There's a lot of money to be made in Karachi even though there are a lot of poor people, and people will come from the countryside seeking jobs ... seeking education."
Karachi's great growth is in some ways a symbol of deep distress, although it is also a symbol of hope, because it is people still driving to make their lives better.
So the tremendous growth Karachi has seen can be seen in two ways — a negative push or a positive pull. "Karachi's great growth is in some ways a symbol of deep distress," Inskeep says, but "it is also a symbol of hope, because it is people still driving to make their lives better."
LOS ANGELES -- When Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers called his son Austin and asked if he wanted to play for him, the younger Rivers said he needed time to think about it and make a phone call.
"The group around me, our coaches, [general manager] Dave Wohl and [vice president of basketball operations] Kevin Eastman said he fits our team," Doc said. "For me I was like, 'I don't know,' but at the end of the day my job is to do what I think is best for the team, not what's best for me or what's comfortable for me. We felt like this was. That probably swayed me more than the father part swayed me, I can tell you that. I was probably on the other way that way, but as far as an executive I had to think of it in those terms, and it made sense for us."
A father had never coached his son in an NBA game before Friday, until Austin made his Clippers debut in the first quarter of Friday night's 126-121 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers. He shot 0-for-4 from the field and 0-for-2 from 3-point range with one assist and one turnover in 12 minutes of action.
And while it would appear to be difficult waters to navigate for any parent and a child, Austin said before the game that his relationship with his father makes it easier than most.
Doc and Austin didn't foresee any chemistry issues in the locker room after the trade, and Austin believes the players already in the locker room will actually make the transition easier for him.
"I have to earn everything here, and the guys know that," Austin said. "If we didn't have high-character guys here I don't think he would have made the move, but they're all high-character guys and they know I will play because I should play, and if I shouldn't, I won't. I'm just here to have a good attitude and help the team."
David Koch speaks at an Americans for Prosperity Foundation event in 2013. The Libre Initiative, one of the group's newest campaigns, is on track to make contact with more than 100,000 Hispanic households this year on school choice. | Phelan M. Ebenhack/AP Photo How the Kochs are trying to shake up public schools, one state at a time The push by Libre represents a new front in the fight by targeting Hispanic families.
Despite such criticism, the group is hunkering down for the long haul in states it views as ripe for change even as it eyes new states for expansion. Lima says it’s on track to make contact with more than 100,000 Hispanic households this year on school choice.
Achievement gaps for Hispanic students persist. Even as they’ve made gains, there are still gaps with their non-Hispanic white peers hovering around 20 points on the National Assessment of Educational Progress test known as the “nation’s report card.” The graduation rate for Hispanic students is 78 percent, compared to the national rate of 83 percent.
It makes families feel like participating in a private school program “is the only good thing I can do for my children,” Penich-Thacker said.
(Timeline 3177)-Portsmouth Class Lance Cruiser: First deployed in 2204, the Portsmouth class Lance Cruiser is among the most advanced warships in Her Majesty's Royal Star Navy. Partical Lance Technology was developed by a Joint Japanese/British program with information give to the US per the treaty of New New York in the 2186. In the 2190s, the Royal Star Navy invested research into minaturization in hopes of allowing smaller craft to be able to make us of this new technology, the end result was the Portsmouth class, putting a partical lance weapon in a cruiser sized warship.
IFERAEs are defined as any expenditure that "considering the facts and circumstances, a reasonable person would conclude is made solely or substantially for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence the nomination or election of any individual to any Federal office." The definition is not, as is usually the case, limited to just advertising and could cover independent polling, research, or messaging.
If you make IFERAEs over $10,000—no matter what—you automatically have to disclose all your donors. The only exceptions are the separate account options I mentioned above, which are certainly welcome but may not be feasible for smaller or single issue advocacy groups who often have to rely on large donations from fewer contributors. There is also a waiver for donors who contribute less than $5,000, which may be hard for groups to secure in practice.
Importantly, it's not clear—and it needs to be clear—that anonymous political donations to independent issue advocacy groups are actually corrupting. During the last election cycle, there was significant outcry over so-called "dark" money: political expenditures by groups that do not publicly disclose their donors. But, when you look at the facts, dark money made up a relatively small percentage of all outside spending, and even groups that support expanded disclosure find that it had little concrete effect on the ground. In many tight Senate races, for instance, it was actually the incumbency advantage in direct fundraising by Democrats that made the difference. Before we vastly expand disclosure requirements for issue advocacy, we need a record of real harm, which we just don't have right now.
Later in the hour at 7:43 a.m. as he reviewed the history of how DACA was developed, Cuomo again made a point of giving cover to Obama as he recounted that the plan was originally written by members of Congress in 2001:
Both Chalabi and al-Jafari remain deeply unpopular with the US government. They accuse Chalabi of providing false information that helped make a case for the 2003 invasion. The US gripe with al-Jafari, however, is that he failed to safeguard the country from a slide into sectarian crisis.
Society is in the throes of a running boom, experts say. And, running “crews” in particular are on the rise (FYI, you 40-somethings: “group” and “club” are not cool words anymore). Seems millennials (this includes people in their mid 20s to mid 30s), particularly those who live downtown in big cities, are taking to running like rappers to Nikes and hipsters to tight jeans. Joining “crews,” is how this younger set — who consider Trinity Bellwoods Park their backyard and prefer public to private space — have decided to take up the sport. A desired result is to get fit and healthier, of course, but they’re not just running to lose weight, says Alan Brookes, race director for the Canada Running Series, which includes the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Oct. 18. They’re running for all kinds of reasons: to escape a tiny, urban condo, connect with people and make new friends, explore the city, discover their own neighbourhoods and even make them better. “They seem committed with their values to a friendlier, more caring city,” Brookes says. “It’s about a search for community and building community and having a say in the kind of community you want.” It’s also about self improvement. Steven Artemiw, 34, co-founder of the Parkdale Roadrunners, one of the largest crews in the city, commanding up to 150 runners on their weekly Tuesday night jaunts, says he started running when he gave up drugs.
As a 26-year-old nightclub promoter, he made bad choices, he says, until one day he laced up his runners and felt better, noticing changes in his mood, sleep, physique and confidence. But he couldn’t keep it up all alone, he says. Hence, the need for a crew — supportive, like-minded people who have grown into a de-facto family. One that runs together, but also goes for brunch afterwards at a trendy restaurant and then does yoga at a stylish gym. Or visits a gallery before heading home to shower. That’s why Artemiw won’t run in a pair of ratty pants with a hole in the crotch, he says. And why at each Parkdale Roadrunners run there’s always someone who sticks at the “back of pack” — because running, and joining a crew, he says, doesn’t have to be about qualifying for Boston (the city’s annual marathon is considered that golden ring). “It’s about inclusion,” Artemiw says. “It’s about just discovering better versions of yourself every day. That’s what it’s built upon.”
Run T.O Beer: It all started with a tweet. Beer writer Dan Grant was looking for a buddy, someone to join him on a run — and then a trip to the bar. Tej Sandhu replied, the two met for a jaunt and pint on a miserable March night in 2014 — and the rest is history. Runs are short — either three, five or 10 kilometres with shorter distance runners joining in along the route — and always rewarded with brew. Since beer companies have been quick to join this party, every run ends with a free drink. Nike + Run Club: Sometimes, 200 eager runners turn out. Head coach Rejean Chiasson, 32, says that in the last couple of years there’s been a surge of runners from all kinds of different backgrounds and skill levels. The more serious — those with defined goals — can join Chiasson’s other crew, Pace & Mind, where participants can pay $100 to $120 a month for customized programs. BlackToe Running Inc.: This trendy Bathurst St. store has partnered with Dr. Jack Daniels (no, not that JD), a former Olympian and coach, who makes all its training programs. The cost is $25 a month and the crew goes on four evening runs a week and for a long run on Sunday mornings, says BlackToe owner Mike Anderson. After that, they usually take over a local restaurant for brunch. Correction – October 15, 2015: This article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly referred to William Chaupiz as the co-founder of Night Terrors.
Angelina Jolie wrote an Op-Ed in today's New York Times about her decision to have a double mastectomy. The actress didn't have breast cancer, but tests showed she had almost a 90 percent chance of developing it. The key was finding a mutation in a gene known as BRCA-1, and Jolie appealed for the test to be made more accessible to women around the world.
“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we’re asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We’re grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO
The video is well worth watching if you have six minutes to spare, but here’s a summary of the case: In 2010, the Cuyahoga County Recorder’s Office made a change to its pricing policy for copies of county records, such as real estate title documents. Instead of the public being able to purchase digital copies of the records for $50 per CD, the Recorder’s Office announced that requestors would have to pay $2 per page for printed-out, hard copies of the documents. Digital copies would no longer be made available. All of these documents, it should be noted, were being stored digitally by the Recorder’s Office. To justify this price, the Recorder’s Office claimed that the digitally stored versions of the documents were not legally considered public records—if they were, by law, they would need to be provided to the public “at cost.”
Just taking depositions for the case took two years and required more than 600 pages of depositions. However, it never went to trial. Instead, the Ohio Supreme Court ruled that the Recorder’s Office needed to make the files available on CD—for $1 per CD. This meant that for 20 CDs’ worth of records, the County Recorder’s office went from charging $1,000 to wanting to charge $208,000 to being ordered by the court to charge…$20.
As a payments company, we have very little room for error. Our customers count on us to be up and running constantly, since if we’re not up, they can’t do business. They also count on us to be innovative, to release new features that make their lives easier. These goals sometimes come into conflict with each other, since any time we have a new feature to release, or another deploy to make, there’s an inherent risk of breakage. To mitigate that risk, we’ve devised a few ways to minimize our chances of introducing bugs or regressions.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
Deploys do occasionally become blocked due to a failing test. Every time this happens, we calmly fix the cause of the failure and start the process again – there’s no rushing to fix a bug that’s suddenly made it out into the wild, because it never got a chance to make it out of our staging environment.
This freedom to iterate quickly without fear of breaking things is a huge win for us. This testing architecture is the result of a concerted effort we made to ensure that we have a consistently high level of quality, and it pays enormous dividends. It has made deploys much more risk-free, and greatly increased our ability to move quickly and introduce new features while minimizing the introduction of new bugs.
If these kinds of problems interest you and you’re looking for a real challenge, contact us! We’re always looking for sharp and talented individuals that can make an impact.
One of the reasons, I suggest in the book, is that our views on these issues have really been shaped. Corporations learned how to sell almost anything. An example that makes that clear is how the cigarette companies sold so many Americans on the idea that there was no credible evidence that cigarette smoking was bad for your health.
That's not where they're coming from. They want to recreate the circumstances that allow for bubbles, exploited predatory lending, abusive credit card practices. How anybody can say after those experiences that that's what make an economy good, strong, and that's an economy that will benefit most citizens, I find incredible!
It's basically the realization that unless the country does well together, even the 1% won't do well. We've put a lot of money at the top, and the people in the middle, let alone the bottom, have done very badly. So let's focus on what makes our society as a whole work well.
Education, investments in technology, infrastructure; and you have to start looking at our legal framework: anti-trust, corporate governance, financial regulations, tax laws that are riddled with loopholes that distort our economy - all these have to be changed to try to make our society and our economy work for all Americans, not just the top.
When you have a highly divided society, it's hard to come together to make investments in the common good. One of two things - or both - can happen: One, the 1 percent will realize that the direction we're going is not even in their own self interest, and, two, the 99 percent realize that they've been sold a bill of goods. And I hope my book will make it clear that we have reached a level of inequality that is really intolerable and that we are all paying that price. And there really are simple remedies that we could implement if we only had the political will.
"Why can't they do it quietly? Why can't they do the attack, make it a sneak attack, and after the attack is made, inform the American public that we've knocked out the leaders, we've had a tremendous success?" Trump had asked at an earlier debate. "Why do they have to say we're going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks?"
Other news reports indicate that ISIS is building walls and trenches to make it harder for ground troops to enter Mosul while also digging tunnels so its fighters will be able to wage a guerrilla war inside the densely populated city.
There are aspects of the coming Mosul offensive that would without question do real damage if made public. ISIS would benefit from knowing the exact day the offensive will begin, the roads coalition troops will take into Mosul, the radio frequencies they’ll use to communicate, the buildings they plan to target, and other details about how the US and its allies hope to conquer the city.
The US hasn't disclosed any of those things. The Pentagon has hinted that the offensive would begin at the end of October or in early November, given a very broad estimate of the number of troops that will take part, and made the obvious points that the Kurds stationed north of the city would attack from the north while the Iraqi and tribal forces operating south of Mosul would move up from the south. It's hard to imagine the US getting more specific as the fighting draws nearer.
Defeating the group on the battlefield is hard, but counteracting its propaganda is even harder. That’s what makes the battle for Mosul so important. Taking back the city would deal ISIS a body blow militarily while also making its messages of strength and power ring hollow. And that’s something that would definitely be worth talking about.
But they were to have expired on December 31st, 2010, on the assumption that the economy would have righted itself by now after the Great Recession of 2008. But that is not the case, and at least 11 Gigawatts has to make it by then, or turn into a pumpkin.
Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.
It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself. Yes.Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.The average transaction, and anything up to 500 times bigger than average, is free.It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself.
Health officials said chikunguya was first found in East Africa, India, the Indian Ocean and western Pacific. It made its way to the Caribbean last December through travelers returning from affected areas.
"There are people who have loved ones who have ALS or locked-in syndrome ... or other diseases, where having that option, at least, of a kind of device that you can build for somebody in need is really important and really necessary," he says. "We're not in it to make money. This is really coming from the heart."
Marvel's improvement relative to its past performance continued to reverse the trend seen earlier in 2017, in which the publisher was entirely responsible for the industry's decline in dollar terms; as of September it was DC, up against the previous year's Rebirth numbers, which accounted for most of the loss. But there, too, DC's rate of decline in September was nearly half what it was in August, thanks to the continuation of its Dark Multiverse event and the fact that Rebirth was starting to come down off its heights from the previous year. DC had two Action Comics issues with lenticular and regular editions; combined, they would have made the top 10.
The city was less than an hour's drive from El Paso, and at least one staffer, western states director Ed Espinoza, was pushing for Kaine to make a detour to help Linda Chavez-Thompson, the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor. In Espinoza's telling, his bosses balked at the idea, but ultimately the proposal made its way to Kaine's desk.
PINK contains nineteen tracks which includes fifteen never-before-heard MSI songs plus four tracks off the self-titled EP. The album also features wild versions of Depeche Mode’s “Personal Jesus” and Duran Duran’s “Girls On Film”, a hidden song, plus an audio diary from 22 year-old Jimmy Urine, a picture anatomy of what you need to make an MSI song, retro 90’s album art, and finally – after 20 years – the reveal of the origin of the name of the band.
Mindless Self Indulgence formed in New York City in 1997 and quickly made their mark with an inflammatory, indefinable hybrid sound that portended a lot of rock music to come. MSI has released five studio albums to date, cracked the Top 5 on Billboard’s Dance chart seven times (with four #1’s!) performed with the likes of Rammstein, Linkin Park, System of a Down, My Chemical Romance and The Dresden Dolls, and maintains one of the most devout and intense global fan bases in music through constant international touring and energetic live performances. MSI returned to the spotlight in 2013 with their first album in five years, the epic How I Learned To Stop Giving A Shit And Love Mindless Self Indulgence, and last year released the remix collection Fuck Machine.
Many reports have shown that lectins induce apoptosis in tumor cells through their carbohydrate binding capability [42]–[47]. For example, artinM, a d-mannose-binding lectin from jackfruit, bound onto and induces apoptosis in myeloid leukemia NB 4 cells, and the activity was abolished in the presence of Manα1-3[Manα1-6]Man [45]. In contrast, nagaimo lectin seemed to make use of other domains instead of its galactose-binding domain to interact with tumor cells. The application of galactose could not suppress the anti-proliferative effect of nagaimo lectin on tumor cells. This observation is reminiscent of an analogous finding regarding the glucose-mannose binding Canavalia gladiata lectin. Its anti-proliferative activity was not attenuated in the presence of glucose [48].
This is often the longer part of the journey, with children imprisoned in vehicles "stinking of urine" and "stained" with vomit. No wonder some said that the journey made them feel like criminals or animals.
The kids guessed they had made at least $100 but hadn't counted their profits yet.
Lucas' initial goal was to make $50 selling lemonade to buy toys, but when friends pitched in, he decided to divide the earnings. They decorated a cardboard box, offering balloons with each purchase, and played Eric Church and country songs on his iPod.
"It was just one bad decision, but now the kids are seeing that there are consequences when you make a bad decision and there's also good in the world and people who will pitch in to help you when you're down," said Tamika Wright, whose children Nylia-Jane, 9, and Jadin, 10, joined in the lemonade venture from the start. "I know they've learned a lot from this."
Kodama: Actually, when I created the first draft of the characters for Phantasy Star II, I made Lutz the main character. By the way, since so many people have asked whether Lutz is male or female, let me say a little about that. In the original story drafts of Phantasy Star, Lutz was a hermaphrodite, and as Alisa grew up, Lutz could become male or female. I thought that was interesting so I depicted Lutz that way.
Kodama: Regarding the 3D, we would get an image of the dungeon in our head and draw them out on paper, but there were little details that bugged us and it wasn’t getting across to the programmers as we had envisioned it. Yuji Naka learned of this and, on his own, made a wireframe 3D imaging program expressly for us. That program was also the start of Shibata learning to draw 3D graphics. That was what was amazing about Yuji: he would never just say “that can’t be done” to a planning or design idea. He thought about our wishes seriously and would always figure out some ingenuous way to make our ideas possible. He was very considerate of the designer’s vision, in other words.
Hayashida: Right, and it was Yuji who fixed the speed of the dungeons. The scrolling was originally so fast they made your head spin, like some high-speed STG.
Kodama: We got many requests to make the dungeons in Phantasy Star II 3D too. But to make dungeons that would look satisfying to us, with rotating floors and other features, would have taken up too much memory on the Megadrive. It would have been almost impossible.
Hayashida: I think the success of Phantasy Star lies in the fact that the development staff was given the freedom to make the game we wanted, without restrictions or control. I wanted to create something that the Famicom wouldn’t have been able to do, so I wanted the dungeons to be in 3D. When I think back on the story now, there were a lot of ridiculous things in it, but we were able to do it how we wanted, had fun while we were doing it, and the result was a good game. After all, if you’re having fun, you can give it your all even when things gets tough.
Morimoto: She was a very quiet, shy person, but she also had a strong inner core. During the development, when everything was getting crazy, she’d be unfazed, working steadily at her own pace. I think she had a lot of attachment to the story and world of Phantasy Star. That reminds me, I hardly ever stayed over at the company office, but one time we had to work on bug checking late into the night, so Chieko and I made some makeshift beds out of office chairs and spent the night there in a conference room. It felt just like a field trip.
Morimoto: “Gamer Miki-chan” refers to me. I got that nickname because I did a lot of the playtesting and bug checks. Sega’s publication “SPEC” featured a manga called “Hataraku Kaihatsu-san” (the hardworking developers), and there’s an interview with “Gamer Miki” there too. I got a lot of postcards from fans addressed to that name. As for Choko Oneesan, there used to be a Telephone Answer line Sega ran called “Joy Joy Telephone.” She was the “Oneesan” from that early period. She was really popular with the kids and would receive a lot of fan letters. You know, it makes me wonder, in Phantasy Star, why was I the only one to be found in such a strange place as the jail???
Morimoto: Since Phantasy Star was made at the time of the Sega Master System, it was very difficult to create sounds for it. In that sense, you can’t talk about this game without mentioning its sound and music. Sometimes we’d ask Bo to create a certain songs, but if the image didn’t match up he’d have to rewrite it. After reworking it, he’d bring something to us all excited, but everyone would say “maybe the old version was better…” while Bo quietly wept. (laughs)
Despite all that, Bo and the rest of the staff had a lot of love for this game. Back then we all worked together in the same room: sound, planning, programming. That was also where Bo made nearly all his music and sounds. It must have been tough.
Phantasy Star was made during the Master System era, so there were restrictions in both the sounds available and the memory available. It was very difficult, but also very fun. The sounds from that game were a result of experimenting, trying this and that… not the kind of sounds you could create if you just relied on your theoretical knowledge. Even today Phantasy Star stands out as some of the most memorable work I did.
Another aspect of the Phantasy Star development was that we all shared the same room: game designers, programmers, and sound. That meant everyone could peek in on everyone else’s work. I could check out where the game designers were at, and the designers could look over and see how the sound was going. It made for a very different atmosphere from what you see today in game development. The fans then also had a very refined appreciation for the sights and sounds of video games, too. I’d get letters from fans expressing support, or sharing their thoughts on the music. It was a real motivator for writing music. There were no sound tests in our games that time, and a fan once even sent me a tape she had made with all the game music carefully recorded on it. I was so surprised–she even recorded all the sound effects!
The Peachtree name is common throughout the Atlanta area. In fact, it is often joked by natives that half of the streets in Atlanta are named Peachtree, and the other half have five names to make up for it.[citation needed] While “Peachtree” alone almost always refers to this street or its continuations, there are 71 streets in Atlanta with a variant of “Peachtree” in their name.[9] Some of these include:
The Buckhead shopping district features many high-end retailers, concentrated in the Phipps Plaza and Lenox Square malls. Buckhead Atlanta (formerly "Streets of Buckhead") is a mixed-use development that opened in 2014. The "Midtown Mile" was a concept to make part of Peachtree in Midtown like the Magnificent Mile in Chicago.
Mooltipass is a hardware gadget that physically stores your passwords. The Swiss startup has raised over $75,000 on its Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign to build its new iteration, the Mooltipass Mini, a palm-sized device that should make carrying your passwords even easier.
The successful crowdfunding campaign shows the prototype of the new Mini device and a number of test users have copies. The new funds will be used to advance the development of the device and make it commercially available. It will cost around $70, and has a planned January release.
"To see these kids out here just enjoying hockey, they're sometimes crazy and they don't wait in line very well but to see the smile on their face when they make a good play or are out there skating around with their buddies, it's priceless," Larkin said. "Hopefully we can do it for as long as we can."
Larkin said the kids always want to know how he made the U.S. National Team Development Program, how he got a scholarship to play at Michigan and how he made it to the NHL at such a young age.
When the kids learn these things from their coaches, they pay attention, but when it comes from Larkin, a young star for the Red Wings, it makes the biggest impact.
Cameron made his remarks on the first day of the Conservative party conference in Manchester, in which he also:
Cameron said of the Field proposal: “I always look at everything. But we have had the vote in parliament on tax credits. And people do respect this argument that the national living wage, a 50p increase next year, so a £20 a week pay rise, rising to £9 by the end of this parliament – that is a very significant change that really helps to make work pay rather than a tax credit system that recycles money back to people. Obviously, I accept we are making changes to tax credits. We are protecting the lowest-paid people with the child tax credit and what goes with it. But we are moving to an economy where you get paid more and where you pay less in tax, rather than paying more in tax and getting the money back in tax credits.”
The federal Court gave ISPs just 15 days to make sure that the sites are blocked. Other torrent-indexing websites that will be blocked as per the ruling of the Federal Court include Torrentz, TorrentHound, IsoHunt, SolarMovie.
A VPN not only masks the IP address of the internet user, but also makes you anonymous online, thus facilitating you to download torrents anonymously in Australia. To get the best torrenting experience, Sign up for Ivacy, the best VPN service for Australia now.
Looking for the Pirate Bay Alternatives? Here are the top 5 Pirate Bay alternatives that will make your holiday season an exciting one!
To make all this shadowy surveillance easier to digest, here are the relevant data points about the massive data collection:
The number of times PRISM data was cited in 2012 as part of President Obama’s daily briefing, a high-level intelligence presentation given to the president, the vice president and select cabinet members. According to the Post, at least 1 in 7 intelligence reports from the NSA make use of PRISM data.
Confidence level intelligence officials are supposed to have of a target’s “foreignness” to make use of PRISM data. The massive database is aimed at surveilling spies and foreign terrorists, not Americans. However, large amounts of American user data is also picked up as officials hunt for threats. The NSA describes this as “incidental.”
It was then that María Paula first made the association between the vaccine and her new medical condition. And she was not mistaken.
In short, says the researcher, this type of vaccine was made for people with “a genetically perfect immune system,” which does not exist in reality.
Over the next three eras, opening batsmen started to feature a lot more in the higher positions: Lara, Tendulkar, Ganguly, Kirsten, Gilchrist, Jayasuriya, Mark Waugh—all registered good BI ratio values. Other ODI regulars such as Bevan, Ponting, Ranatunga, Aravinda de Silva, Jacques Kallis, Mohd. Yousuf are present as well. Pakistan’s Abdul Razzaq makes an appearance in the top 3 of era 6, despite him batting lower down the order.
In the last three eras, the middle order batsmen have made a comeback: Dhoni, Hussey, de Villiers, Duminy, Pietersen, Sangakkara, Taylor and Yuvraj Singh. The presence of Ireland’s Paul Stirling amongst the familiar names is a big achievement.
Overall, the lists have been dominated by batsmen who have batted in the top 5 positions. The presence of Kapil Dev, Boucher, Razzaq, Imran Khan, Oram, Flintoff and Symmonds in the top-20 show that it is easier for a lower-order batsman to make an impact while setting a target as compared to in a chase. Nevertheless, a small tweak to the index must be formulated to take care of the representation of the lower-order batmen.
In the above table, the player’s name, and his nth appearance (in parenthesis) have been indicated at different eras. For example, Miandad made his 2nd appearance at a chasing BI ratio>1.40 in the second era (84-89). It must also be noted that a player’s nth appearance in the 1.75 column is not reported in the 1.40 column, even though it is obvious, but for one exception—Sachin Tendulkar. Tendulkar breached the 1.40 barrier in era 4, and remained above the 1.75 level (and 1.40) in the next 4 eras. No other player has been able to sustain that level of performance for 4 eras, let alone 5. However, it must be remembered that the first era is 15 years long.
In the 1.40 list, many players such as Jayasuriya, Kallis, Lamb, Boon, etc. have made their nth appearance across in non-contiguous eras. And, only five players have breached the 1.40 level in more than 3 eras—Tendulkar, Dhoni, Ponting, Jayasuriya and Kallis. AB de Villiers and Amla are active players, and can make it into this elite list if they maintain their present form.
While individual predictions about a specific match can’t be made (and this is what makes the sport fun), take a moment to consider this: against the Aussies in their pomp (1 January 1998 to 31 December 2008), India had the best winning record against them while batting first; they only won five out of 27 matches batting second (fifth). After Tendulkar’s twin assaults in Desert Storm™ and Desert Storm Reloaded™, India hadn’t won a single match chasing against Australia until late 2007. No wonder the CB series victory against Australia in 2008 was a watershed moment.
"That would make the timing of this firing even more suspect," Schumer said.
Still, each new acquaintance she makes eventually puts two and two together, even when she uses her maiden name, Gallo. It is an inescapable part of her life, a fact she has accepted with remarkable poise. She grew used to the guffaws and the stares a long time ago.
She doesn’t like to dwell on the details of the battering now, but Bobbitt said she is surprised that she made it out.
Much of the media portrayed Bobbitt as a crazed, vengeful woman who had perpetrated every man’s worst nightmare. Details of the incident became fodder for late-night comedians. The public made up their own jokes and songs about the sordid circumstances.
“I realized I may as well make a good thing out of a bad thing,” she said.
Once in a while, she appears on television to talk about her notorious case. She has made a shrewd calculation: The host may tell jokes at her expense, but she’ll get the chance to raise awareness about domestic violence. It’s a sacrifice she is willing to make.
Federal law makes it illegal for any person to place an advertisement for a controlled substance. Up until now, courts have generally interpreted that to mean that the person paying for the ad would be responsible, but now officials are saying that media outlets themselves could be held accountable because they are the ones physically placing the ad for publication.
My personal message to Mrs. Duffy: I'm well aware of the message that these ads send to our children. They send the message that marijuana is a natural medicine that can help with a whole slew of debilitating illnesses. They send the message that marijuana can ease the suffering of people who really need it. I think the message being sent to our children is exactly the one that needs to be sent. People like you go around spreading disinformation and demonizing what is essentially a medicinal herb. Why not start a campaign against advertising St. John's Wart instead? It makes just about as much sense as attacking marijuana.
The couple named the bird Freedom, wrapped it in a blanket and it was taken to the Raptor Center where it's expected to make a full recovery.
Writing a cabal file forces you to document what modules and what versions your script worked with when you were originally writing it. If you ever decide you want to run or build your script on another environment, the cabal file will make it dramatically easier to get your dependencies and get running faster. If you ever update your modules, the cabal file will partially insulate you against API changes (assuming that the package follows Hackage's PVP). This is far more palatable than GHC's package-qualified imports. You might have cringed about writing up a Makefile or ant file to build your projects in another language; as long as it is just one or two files, the pain associated with these build languages seems to outweight the cost of just running gcc foo.c -o foo . Cabal files are drop-dead easy to write. There even is a cabal init to do the scaffolding for you. Toss out the dinky shell script that you've kept to run ghc --make and use cabal configure && cabal build . It gives you nice things, for free! Do you want Haddock documentation? A traditional GNU-style Makefile? Colourised code? Cabal can do all of these things for you, with minimal effort after you have your cabal file.
The number of foreign fighters participating in the conflict in Iraq and Syria is significant compared to those who participated in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Even more concerning, jihadists have improved and facilitated their networking capacity—improved communication, eased transportation, and diversified access to sources of information and money can make even small cadres of experienced fighters a dangerous force. The foreign-fighter phenomenon is not new. Over the past two hundred years, they have appeared in more than a quarter of all civil wars. But now these fighters engage in foreign civil wars and insurgencies—and then export their expertise back to their home countries or to places they have newly immigrated.
Ms Mackenzie said: “I don’t think he is still revered. I think a lot of the shine has come off Boris as that kind of great figure of fun who might be the witty, standard bearer for conservatism. “Lots of people who admired Boris for that now have shifted to thinking Jacob Rees-Mogg as that Have I Got News For You, friendly Tory.” It comes as the Foreign Secretary made a gaffe which critics claim lengthened the detention for a British woman, Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, in Iran.
Mr Johnson has faced calls to quit after telling a committee of MPs last week that Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe was training journalists in Iran at the time of her arrest last year, something her employer and her family insist is incorrect and could be used to increase her sentence. Richard Ratcliffe, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband said that Mr Johnson should make a statement in Parliament to correct his mistake in an effort to prevent the sentence being lengthened. But in the Commons, Mr Johnson said the UK Government "has no doubt that she was on holiday" in Iran and that was the sole purpose of her visit.
The political editor for The Sun, Tom Newton Dunn, said: “I don’t think this is going to get Boris. And I will happily put my hat on the table and eat it when it’s made of marzipan at some later stage. “He screwed up, no doubt about it he made things worse. But it is still the Iranians who are doing this. “The Iranians are hooding three-year-old children when they go meet their mother, who’s also hooded. And I think as time elapses people will realise they are using his idiocy to make matters worse for their own pretty despicable ends.”
That is just plain awesome, but it makes us really sad, in a way. We’re looking at a long mourning period ahead of us.
Programme maker Hat Trick Productions said the reason Mr Salmond’s appearance money stood at £1,800 was because it had to make an additional payment of £300 in VAT as he was paid via a company that he uses for earnings outside politics.
My ideas about soccer are attacking minded views, that [involve] a dynamic team that can get forward very quickly - that can move the ball quickly. I believe in a possession-based game and I would say that the defensive side of it has to do with organization. I want to organize defensively. I wouldn't necessarily make that link though to the team being defensive minded. My ideas about soccer are very offensive and I want the team to play nice and attack the football.
Whereas the Chinese central government has attempted to interfere with the reincarnation process and the practice of Tibetan Buddhist religious traditions; and Chinese officials assert that the failure to secure Beijing’s approval on the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation would make the process “illegal”;
He said the pro-regime gunmen, known as shabiha, targeted the most vulnerable in the farming villages that make up Houla, a poor area in Homs province. "They went after the women, children and elderly," he said, asking that his name not be used out of fear of reprisals.
Sunnis make up most of Syria's 22 million people, as well as the backbone of the opposition. Even as much of the opposition insists the movement is entirely secular, disturbing reports from the ground suggest religious tensions are boiling over.
The volatile sectarian divide makes civil war one of the most dire scenarios.
I’ve been reading a book titled Drive. Its goal is to discuss what motivates us, yet it is one of those books that isn’t particularly well written or entertaining. But alas, it is a book that gets you thinking in a more concrete fashion about things you have always known. It reminds me of a college book—not interesting enough to make it really enjoyable, but meaningful enough that you keep going back to it until you finally finish.
There’s nothing wrong with that. After all, the industry is not sustainable without them. However, they are a lot like selection indexes—they are a great way to measure your progress, but you improve them by improving the individual components that make up the index.
Florida's 46 runs allowed through 47 games is the second fewest in school history through this point in any season. UF's 2009 squad allowed 40 tallies through 47 contests and Florida's last two NCAA Championship teams had allowed 85 runs each, respectively. The Gators have made just 20 errors this season and currently sport one of the best fielding percentages (.984) and earned run averages in the nation (0.86). For comparison, Florida had committed 27 errors through 47 contests last season and had a fielding percentage of .978. UF went on to record a .981 fielding percentage and commit just 33 errors, which are both school records.
The YouTube joker decided to make a mould of his head using Polyfilla – but his plans went disastrously wrong.
“It was very striking that during the campaign he made comments that suggested he did not understand much about nuclear weapons, and suggested other countries should develop their own,” she said.
Behind its removable black cloth grille the 40.2's front baffle hosts a 12-inch (300 mm) Radial woofer, 8-inch (200 mm) Radial midrange, and 1-inch (25 mm) soft dome tweeter. The woofer and midrange drivers are proprietary designs, made in Harbeth's factory in Sussex, England (the tweeter is made by SEAS in Europe). The 40.2's impedance is listed as 6-8 ohms. I used Resonant Woods 16 inch (406mm) tall floor stands with the speakers.
Shaw's top priority for all of his speakers is proper reproduction of the sound of the human voice. Seems straightforward, but a lot of otherwise excellent speakers either add too much "chest" that makes voices sound deeper than they really are, or thinner than they do in real life. So when I played Rosanne Cash's "10 Song Demo" CD, the 40.2 brought new life to the sound of her voice and guitar. I've played this music on hundreds of speakers over the years, but the 40.2 was the most lifelike. Most speakers shrink, contain and limit the sound of singers, at least that's what I felt after spending time with the 40.2.
This is a fair amount of differences, as we are 98.4% the same as a chimp, so a small amount of DNA can make a lot of difference. Contrary to what is commonly reported in thn Media, we are not ‘unusually closely related’ to each other compared to other mammals. We are fairly average.
Simple isn’t easy. Easy means achieved without great effort. Simple means easily understood. I can bang out a complicated article in half the time it takes me to produce a simple one. I never had to learn how to build convoluted software either — it was a natural talent, you might say — but I did have to make a conscious effort to build stuff that didn’t hurt.
In my experience, there are two primary reasons why we overcomplicate things. The first is a loss of focus. When you lose touch with why you’re doing what you’re doing, you inadvertently sentence yourself to trivial pursuits. As a software developer, I see this all the time with frameworks, particularly frameworks that were created out of thin air instead of extracted from working applications. Using them is like going to church: you pray to a higher power to help you make it through the day, you beg forgiveness for your sins, and they keep pestering you for donations. The tagline for software built from these foundations usually ends with “…but the code is really good.”
Write great content. Visit the front page of the relevant section on Digg. Lifestyle/Education, in my case. Find out who’s submitting content that makes the front page of that section. Contact them directly, with links to my best articles.
I found a few such power users who provided their email address in their profile, and specifically said that they’re hungry for interesting links. I contacted each one directly. I made it clear that I don’t spend a lot of time on Digg, but that I do spend a lot of time writing content dealing with personal growth, and provided them with links to some of my best work.
In fashion as in life, Kristen Stewart has always challenged gender norms with her androgynous beauty – which makes her the perfect face of Chanel's new fragrance, Gabrielle, inspired by the legendary founder of the couture house. But she is also very much her own woman, as independent-spirited when it comes to fame and feminism as she has been in facing down Donald Trump.
"I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated. Did you think I was faking it? I've always really embraced a duality. And really, truly, believed in it and never felt confused or struggling. I just didn't like getting made fun of."
Android has had some reported occurrences of coin miners being distributed outside Google’s Play Store, but now some have managed to make their way in.
Well, let me clarify. It wasn’t so much that I was dropping a deuce. Oh, it was being dropped; that much was undeniable. But I couldn't really claim agency on said descent. Gravity was doing the work. I was merely the meaty husk from which it made its hasty escape. Used to more of a segmented approach to waste disposal, I was quite surprised that the creature making its egress from my nethers had more the appearance of a python. Smooth, and consistent in width, it coiled luxuriously in a pool of toilet water that is (or at least was) cleaner than the water that most of the people on this planet drink. As it continued to coil, my emotional state flowed from one of surprise, to horror, to amazement, and then again to horror as the snake coiled higher and higher, like soft serve ice cream at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. It was now surfacing above the water line. But still, the snake showed no signs that it was anywhere near finished with its journey. In a panic, I pawed at the flusher. The poor toilet strained, but eventually sent things on their way. But I wasn’t done yet. As the toilet flushed the waste away, more came to replace it. As the flush subsided, the coil started anew. And then I was done. I tried to catch my breath as the toilet flushed a second time. I felt my liver shift and expand, unsure what to do with all the extra space now afforded to it. I cleaned up and stood, almost dizzy after the affair. “Wow. A+++”, I thought to myself. “Would poop again.”
Assange said he should have been asked for a response to comments made about him by Hillary Clinton during an interview which aired in Australia on Monday.
Assange said he should have been asked for a response to comments made about him by Hillary Clinton (pictured) during an interview which aired in Australia on Monday
Assange cited the ABC's own code of practice, which states: 'Where allegations are made about a person or organisation, make reasonable efforts in the circumstances to provide a fair opportunity to respond.'
Assange cited the ABC's own code of practice, which states: 'Where allegations are made about a person or organisation, make reasonable efforts in the circumstances to provide a fair opportunity to respond' (pictured)
Ms Neighbour then claimed an interview request was made on September 19, to which Assange said that request was not an opportunity for right of reply.
Assange has consistently denied accusations the releases were made on behalf of the Russian government, and has said the Russians were not the source of the leaks.
Ms Neighbour then claimed an interview request was made on September 19, to which Assange said that request was not an opportunity for right of reply (pictured)
At the NFL owner’s meetings, coach Adam Gase made it clear there is a plan in place for Pouncey which may include “bubble wrap.”
Don’t say it out loud or Quentin Tarantino will make it into a movie. –Dave
A host of drivers believe the incident should prompt the championship to make changes to the rules.
“We had this issue two or three years ago and learned from that. And I feel we would have learned from yesterday but we’ve made the same mistake
When VICE Sports reached Rosenberg for comment, she was apologetic: "Tell Tom Brady I'm sorry. He's a very good looking guy, and if I didn't make him look good enough, I'll try harder next time."
But in an interview with The Boston Globe, Rosenberg was a bit more direct: "I don't tend to flatter people and make them look beautiful," adding that Brady was often checking his cell phone during the hearing. "He hardly looked up at all."
This video uploaded by youtube user loveforchina is an example showing how activists have made use of the film to protest against the human rights situation in China:
"IS saw that there was no benefit for them in keeping these old people," said Vian Dakhil, a Yazidi member of the Iraqi parliament who made a poignant appeal to the international community for assistance in August.
Once that layer dried I added more plaster to the ground to remove some of the flatness. I used the kits to leave inpressions in the plaster to make my life easier later on.
Removed masking tape and checked the kits to make sure they still fit in the exposed areas.
The product is a part of an UMRG project led by Dr. Chong Wen Tong. The product is called "Eco-GreenergyTM Wind-Solar Outdoor Lighting System" and it is self-sustained, i.e. powered by the shrouded vertical-axis-wind-turbine generator and solar PV panel. The novelty of the product is achieved through the wind power augmentation of the guide-vanes assembly known as the omni-direction-guide-vane (ODGV). The guide-vanes can be made from clear and translucent material to act as light-plates. Moreover, logos or symbols can be engraved on these plates for showcasing purposes. The solar PV is positioned at the top portion of the ODGV to avoid interference resulting from shadow. The batteries and the controller are stored at the top of the pole and below the ODGV to avoid vandalism or flash floods. The overall "clean" impression of the product compared to other conventional wind-solar lamp posts serves as an added advantage for this product.
In the wake of the 2008 Wall Street meltdown, many Americans — including in Washington — expected that the Securities and Exchange Commission would get to the bottom of how things happened, and make sure no such crisis happened again.
Said Walton: "We're going to make it fun. That's the goal of sports."
“The club is also on the verge of a possible shift to a new home in Dingley. This is a five to ten-year project and possibly the biggest decision the club will make in its history. I feel my decision to step aside will allow my successor to own and live this next chapter.
“The Board, club and I have always made well thought out counter intuitive decisions and I see this as another of those.
“I am proud of the many achievements the Hawthorn Football Club has made under my leadership and I would like to sincerely thank the Board, all of the administration staff for their dedication and hard work, the football department and players for their drive and determination and the loyal Hawks members for whom the club exists.
‘We mentioned last week that the Cheetahs made a number of handling errors which cost them the game against the Lions. This weekend, their decision-making of when to pass and when not to pass were far better. The Bulls don’t have such a heavy pack and the Cheetahs moved the ball to different areas of the field that made it difficult for the Bulls to defend. If you run straight at a Bulls player, he will tackle you, but the Cheetahs were running good angles and passing just prior to making contact. The breakdown was always beyond the advantage line so every Bulls player had to retreat backwards to get in position as opposed to running forward with an offensive hit. And that is credit to Franco Smith’s attacking play that he brought into the Cheetahs set-up.
'But what really cost the Bulls were the 38 handling errors they made compared to 13 by the Cheetahs. That is three times as many handling errors. If you are going to try and play a ball-in-hand game, you better made sure to hold onto the ball. The Cheetahs were much better at doing that than the Bulls.
‘We can’t keep on saying it’s because they have pack of forwards. The Bulls need a prop, a fetcher and they are missing a creative loose forward. They have bashers in the loose trio as opposed to someone who can make the little passes, a linking player like Cassiem and Michael Hooper, and like Rob Louw was in the past. If the pack manages to get at least a tighthead prop so that they can win their own ball without collapsing and giving a penalty away, when we can start talking about the play of Rudy Paige and Pollard and compare them in a fair way. They can blame a bad start all they want, but it’s actually a lack of first-phase ball that is causing them all this trouble. Against the Stormers it was the scrums and against the Cheetahs it was the scrums and the lineouts.’
‘We were treated to some good wing play today. Ismaiel made one mistake with that little knock-on at the end. Ulengo was good under the high ball and very physical. But Raymond Rhule was unbelievable. He improved his tackling and is unrecognisable from the player he was two years ago. Wingers are not a problem in South Africa , so let’s not start putting our No 9s on the wing again.’
'Ross Cronjé deserved the Match of the Match award. He doesn’t have the most fantastic pass in the world, but he is a nugget, gritty player who makes defences concentrate because of his good step around the fringes and he tends to made good decisions with his passing under pressure.’
If you are looking to make some real lasting life changes, I encourage you to consider what work might look like outside the cubicle walls.
During the interview, Remy didn't hold back when she was talking about why she ethered Nicki not once, but twice. She admitted that she didn't care about the subliminal shots Nicki took of her on songs. It was actually the "behind the scenes things that you people will never know about." Remy said: "As far as trying to keep me off of red carpets, trying to make sure awards don't go to me or she's not going to be in attendance, trying to get people to make bad reports about my album sales-- just anything that I'm doing to make me look less and make her look better."
Adella Adella the Storyteller and Amber Zu the Conductor, 5/5, KID, 12:40p: This kids’ performer aims to bring animals to life, make history real, turn ancestors into wise friends and open the imaginations and hearts of her listeners.
Alvin Youngblood Hart’s Muscle Theory, 5/5, BLU, 12:10p: This Grammy-winning singer, guitarist and mandolin player was inspired in his youth by the sound of Mississippi country blues, which he makes his own by adding elements of roots rock and a deep knowledge of folk and Americana.
Big Sam’s Funky Nation, 5/6, ACU, 12:15p: The charisma of former Dirty Dozen trombonist Sam Williams makes him an able focal point for a musical party that blends brass, Meters-style funk, hip-hop and rock. The band has toured hard and earned a following in the jam band world.
Boyfriend, 4/30, GEN, 12:45p: Part rapper and part performance artist, Boyfriend’s “rap cabaret” shows are entertaining and intellectually-engaging experiences that make destroying gender norms fun for everyone. See feature in this issue.
Charlie Gabriel & Friends, 5/4, ECO, 2:55: Preservation Hall Jazz Band’s clarinetist and vocalist Charlie Gabriel makes his Jazz Fest debut under his own name. The band includes Kyle Roussel on piano, Ben Jaffe on bass, Shannon Powell on drums, Kevin Lewis on trumpet and Craig Klein on trombone. Though the band will focus on traditional New Orleans music, Gabriel often credits the vitality of jazz with its unique ability to reflect the modern experiences of those who interpret it along with the history in which it’s rooted. See feature in this issue.
Da Truth Brass Band, 5/6, PAR, 1:30p: Da Truth’s high-energy, tight renditions of New Orleans second line classics and originals have made them one of the best new brass bands in the streets on Sundays.
Deak Harp, 5/7, BLU, 1:10p: A protégé of James Cotton, this harmonica player performs a mix of Mississippi and Chicago blues; he also makes custom harmonicas at his store in Clarksdale, Miss.
Don Vappie & the Creole Jazz Serenaders, 5/7, ECO, 3p: An eclectic banjo player and singer, Vappie has made a career of exploring his Creole heritage through music, whether it’s traditional jazz, island music, or with Otis Taylor, Keb’ Mo’, Alvin Youngblood Hart and Corey Harris as part of the Black Banjo Project.
Earth, Wind & Fire, 5/5, CON, 5:25p: Classic R&B group made Jazz Fest history a few years ago when they filled in for Aretha Franklin on less than 24 hours’ notice. Leader Maurice White no longer tours with the group, but Philip Bailey’s trademark tenor is still upfront.
Gregg Stafford & His Young Tuxedo Brass Band, 5/7, ECO, 1:45p: Trumpeter Stafford made his Bourbon Street performing debut in 1970; he has led the Young Tuxedo Brass Band for over three decades.
Herb Alpert & Lani Hall, 5/4, JAZ, 6p: Herb Alpert, the trumpet-playing leader of the Tijuana Brass and co-founder of the enormously successful A&M Records, makes his Jazz Fest debut. Singer Lani Hall, Alpert’s wife and former member of Brasil ’66 joins him. See Backtalk interview in this issue.
ISL Circus Art Kids, 5/4, KID, 5:15p: Students from the International School of Louisiana in New Orleans make up this young group of acrobats, stilt walkers and clowns.
Ivan Neville’s Dumpstaphunk with Art Neville, 5/6, ACU, 1:40p: The well-travelled keyboardist makes some of the deepest funk of his career with this band, which features two bass guitars, giving it a seriously fat bottom.
Ivoire Spectacle feat. Seguenon Kone, 5/5, J&H, 5:55p: Percussionist and Ivory Coast native Seguenon Kone made New Orleans his home in 2008. L’Ivoire Spectacle features African rhythms with his virtuoso associates.
Johnnyswim, 4/29, FDD, 4:35p: After emerging as a rising star duo with huge potential, Los Angeles-via-Nashville singer songwriters Abner Ramirez and Amanda Sudano Ramirez signed with Sony/RED-distributed Big Picnic Records and have released four albums in the past two years. Their unusual combination of boleros, folk, R&B and rock made them a standout at last year’s Bonnaroo festival.
Judith Owen & Krewe de Jude, 5/6, LAG, 5:15p: Singer songwriter and pianist Judith Owen is known for her musical variety, which she melds into a stylistic gumbo all her own. She says of her partner Harry Shearer, “I’m with somebody who makes me laugh.” Her latest recording, Somebody’s Child, was released in March.
Kenny Barron Trio, JAZ, 4:05p: Giant of modern jazz, this pianist made a name for himself backing Dizzy Gillespie in the 1960s. Since then, Barron’s presence on the jazz scene has been almost uninterrupted. With hundreds of records as both leader and sideman under his belt, he is considered onw of the most influential jazz musicians of his era.
Kristin Diable & the City, 4/28, GEN, 11:20a: This deep-voiced Baton Rouge native made a name for herself in New York City’s singer songwriter community before returning to New Orleans. NPR likened her singing on 2015’s Create Your Own Mythology to that of a lighter hearted Amy Winehouse.
Maggie Koerner, 5/6, GEN, 11:20a: Koerner earned plenty of new fans when she held down the vocal role during a series of Galactic tours a few years back, but her powerful voice and intense stage presence make her solo shows equally exciting. See interview in this issue.
Magnificent 7 with Dave Malone, John Papa Gros, Tommy Malone, Mark Mullins, Robert Mercurio, Raymond Weber, and Michael Skinkus, 4/30, ACU, 1:35p: Members of The Radiators, Galactic, Bonerama and Papa Grows Funk make this supergroup a funky force to reckoned with.
Margo Price, 5/5, FDD, 4:15p: Considered by many to be the hottest new thing in country music, Margo Price has real-deal roots. The daughter of a Midwestern farmer, she made that identity the title of country’s biggest debut album of 2016. Now she’s a globally touring, Grammy-nominated artist.
Combining one of the most respected names in rap with one of the most respected bands in New Orleans brass music was always a great idea. This exciting collaboration made its debut at the Brooklyn Hip Hop Festival in Nas’ hometown, so it’s only natural that its second stop comes in The Soul Rebels’ hometown. See feature in this issue.
Naydja CoJoe, 4/30, LAG, 11:30a: A New Orleans vocalist inspired by Billie Holiday and Patsy Cline, Naydja CoJoe performs jazz, country and R&B material. She’s also made a few TV appearances, includingone in the made-for-TV movie Christmas Angel where she portrayed Della Reese’s daughter.
New Birth Brass Band, 4/29, GEN, 12:25p: Formed in the mid-’80s and led by bass drummer Cayetano “Tanio” Hingle, this band has made CDs with both Allen Toussaint and George Porter, Jr. Horn men Glen David Andrews and Trombone Shorty are alumni.
New Look SA & PC, 4/30, PAR, 4:20p: Kids aged 3-16 make up this branch of the Young Men Olympian, Jr. Benevolent Association.
The New Orleans Groove Masters featuring Herlin Riley, Shannon Powell, and Jason Marsalis, 5/6, JAZ, 2:45p: Three of New Orleans’ finest jazz drummers make it look easy with this ensemble.
PJ Morton, 5/5, CON, 3:30p: New Orleans gospel singer Peter Morton’s R&B-minded son has made a splash on Lil Wayne’s Young Money label, thanks to his debut album New Orleans. He’s also a keyboardist and backup singer with Maroon 5, and has collaborated with Stevie Wonder, India.Arie and Juvenile, among others.
The Revelers, 4:30, FDD, 2:50p: An Acadian supergroup made up of founding members of Jazz Fest perennials the Red Stick Ramblers and the Pine Leaf Boys. See feature in this issue.
The Surface Book was all that I anticipated. It's an amazing laptop first and foremost, but it's also an amazing tablet. The specs on this model make all of the applications load quickly and easily. The display is super sharp with vibrant colors. The key board feels a little larger than most, but when compared to an Dell of the same size there really is no difference. As mentioned, the laptop features are first, but with the touch of a button, the display pulls up from the keyboard allowing you to easily care the device in tablet mode. It runs all of the current Office products (Word, Excel, PwrPoint, etc.,) extremely fast and it's very noticeable. However, you must consider the I7 Inter Processor along with the 16 GB of RAM and the super quick 512 GB SSD. All in all, the MS Surface Book is Microsoft's answer to Apple's hardware and software designs. Good job, Microsoft.Read full review
(CNN) — A freshly made white chocolate and raspberry mix is carefully poured into a piping bag by chef Yasumasa Takagi, one of the most renowned patissiers in Japan
Most of the world knows the KitKat as an ordinary coffee break snack made from wafers and milk chocolate.
This isn’t the first time the Good Girls Company has made headlines for their risqué services. Earlier this year, the brothel entered the global hospitality industry when it debuted all-inclusive packages to its resort in Cali, Colombia, that included horseback riding, golf, and prostitution services. Prices ran between $599 and $1499, depending on which package a guest purchased.
Randi Weingarten, president of the 1.6 million member American Federation of Teachers (AFT), made her remarks during a conference call with reporters set up by the Democratic National Committee.
It is difficult to precisely define which attributes make a crop "underutilized", but often they display the following features:
The film contrasts the vile acts with gorgeous visual imagery of Rome, Vatican City, and standard church icons like masterpiece portraits of the Virgin Mary, and Gibney captures so perfectly the rituals many Catholics identify with. It is just after those moments of Catholic comfort when Gibney hits hardest with a shocking scene or recollection from a victim about what was happening behind the altar. Through that quick transition from good to evil, Gibney manages to nail the vulnerability that Catholic guilt creates by exposing the almost Godlike esteem bestowed on the clergy—which is what keeps so many victims from coming forward and which makes so many families skeptical when they finally do. The plight of the vulnerable deaf children, especially, underscores how such a vital trust was betrayed.
Gibney’s chilling subject matter likely won’t make for a box-office hit. In any case, this is the type of film one watches in the quiet of one's home, with a remote control in hand to pause when the details are just too vile.
As for me, some people are saying I struggled the first five games or so and that’s true. But I hadn’t played an NHL game in almost 10 months so I was expecting to struggle a little bit at the beginning of the season. That comes with not playing for so long. The first couple of games weren’t easy for me and I had to find my way again. But lately I feel I’ve made some progress and I’m starting to find my confidence again. I’m excited to get back into the games.
We’ve had a lot of days off recently and we’ve been able squeeze in some fun around our practices. On Monday, we all played in the Arizona Coyotes Foundation’s annual golf tournament on a beautiful sunny day. It was really enjoyable. The foundation did an outstanding job once again, and we’re always happy to support them. I played OK. The guys in my group were guys who only play golf a few times a year so I was sort of the go-to-guy and it wasn’t pretty. We made even par in a scramble, which is a little embarrassing, but we had a really good time and it was all about raising money for the foundation so nobody really cared too much about the scores.
Over the weekend, I had a really good time at our team’s Halloween party. I went dressed as Ted the bear from the movie by Seth Macfarlane. It was a pretty good costume but I was really hot inside it and I didn’t realize how many people liked bears so I was giving high fives all night. In my opinion, Mike Smith and his wife had the best costumes at the party. He came dressed as Oliver Ekman-Larsson’s Tinder profile and she came dressed as mine. It was very creative and very clever. There were many other good costumes at the party and we all had a lot of fun. It’s always cool to hear about the different ideas people come up with for Halloween costumes and to see how they make some of them work.
Sobers made his Test debut against Pakistan in 1954, and scored his first century against the same team four years later. He became the youngest player to complete a triple century when he made 365 not out in that match.[8] It remained the highest individual score in Test cricket for 36 years until transcended by Brian Lara in 1994.[9] The innings is also the highest maiden century by a batsman in Tests.[10] In the fourth Test of the same series Sobers went on to score centuries in both the innings, ending the series with 824 runs at an average of 137.33.[11] He was most successful against England, scoring 10 centuries.[12] Sobers made scores of 150 or more in a Test match innings on thirteen occasions, and was dismissed five times between scores of 90 and 99.[13] As of January 2013, he is fourteenth in the all-time century-makers in Test cricket, and third in the equivalent list for the West Indies.[14]
Sobers made his solitary One Day International (ODI) appearance in a match against England in September 1973;[15] he was dismissed for a duck.[15]
And as Clinton strains to make a more forceful case for her own candidacy, after a summer focused largely on hammering Trump, her campaign believes that a focus on an often-overlooked constituency — voters with disabilities — can accomplish both goals at once.
Though Clinton made no mention of the moment last year when Trump mocked a New York Times reporter, Serge F. Kovaleski, who has a congenital joint condition that visibly limits the flexibility in his arms, she may not have had to: The incident has earned Trump some of his most blistering ratings in focus groups, and a pro-Clinton super PAC made it the centerpiece of an ad in June. (Trump has denied that he was mocking the reporter’s appearance, saying he did not even recall meeting him.)
People with disabilities make up a potentially potent political coalition: A study this month from two Rutgers University professors projected that more than 35 million people with disabilities would be eligible to vote this year — roughly one-sixth of the electorate. More than a quarter of the electorate either has a disability or shares a household with someone who does, the study estimated. And they are represented fairly equally in both parties. As the Republican vice presidential nominee in 2008, Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska spoke often of championing children with special needs, noting her own child with Down syndrome.
“I don’t think there’s a person with a disability on the planet who has never been made fun of,” said Mizrahi, who has dyslexia and is raising a child with physical disabilities. “Every person with a disability knows what it’s like to live with stigma.”
The movie, although controversial, was eminently influential in how dramatized history reached great numbers of Muslims in countries such as Iraq and Syria. The jihadists don’t seem to have any qualms of using that imagery to their advantage, despite the nitpicking of their ideological cousins. In fact, they seem to borrow heavily from it. Take the flag of the Islamic State, for example. It is so omnipresent now that even the 2016 Eurovision Contest had to make it officially clear that it is banned along with such as flags as those of the Basques Country and Northern Cyprus. The jihadists claim that this is the banner of Muhammad, under which the conquering armies of Islam brought the high and mighty empires of their day to their knees. It certainly looks authentic, with its archaic font and old-timey seal. It looks as if it would be something that the art department of The Message would have come up with as background ‘color’. Consider the jihadist victory parade into Mosul. Their convoys of trucks and tanks were preceded by a number of warriors on horseback. Their dress, and their manner of riding, evokes scenes from the aforementioned movie, as Muhammad returned to Mecca, a conqueror. Or let us take that sole televised speech of the current caliph, Abu Bakr, on the occasion of proclamation of the caliphate. There is something about the way he slowly ascends the pulpit in the main mosque of Mosul, how he turns to face the worshippers, how he speaks, what he is wearing (save for the watch), his stern yet contemplative mannerisms—it all seems very familiar. It seem so because modern media in the Middle East, whether through movies or television series, have depicted early Islam as such. Clearly, the jihadists have latched on to a pre-existing stage-set to amplify their messaging.
When I first saw that picture I thought that they had gone too far. That this picture would surely damn Maliki’s new line in mainstream Shia public opinion, one that could not possibly advocate wide revenge or strong-arm tactics against Sunnis. I was wrong. A large segment of Iraqi Shias thirsted for revenge following the excesses of Zarqawi and his heirs, even after the Sunni insurgency was soundly defeated in 2008-9. They wanted Sunnis humiliated. A year afterwards, Maliki’s political machine was commissioning songs that play up the ‘Mukhtar of our age’ appellation. The slogan was successfully put to use in the 2014 election cycle, the outcome of which gave Maliki a plurality of the vote. But it also gave us the ISIS comeback in Falluja in January 2014 (before the vote), and the fall of Mosul (after the vote). Shia chauvinism had also mobilized Shias from Iran, Iraq, Lebanon and even Afghanistan to rally behind the pseudo-Shia Alawite regime of Bashar al-Asad in Syria to face off against the Syrian Sunnis challenging him. Sectarianism breathed new life in the jihadist cause there, riding a desire for Sunni restitution and revenge in Damascus. Seen through the prism of history, it all made sense to the target audiences: war was inevitable; the enemies of the past were standing in the way of the future.
By enveloping themselves in the cloak of history, the extremists from both sides can radiate an aura of certainty. This certitude will make it very difficult to convince them of the need for reconciliation, both with the past and with the present. It also means that it will be very difficult to convince them that they are losing, or have lost. By citing precedent and conspiracy, they can explain away setbacks. They can tell themselves that they got the recipe wrong somewhere, and all they need to do it to go back to the basics to try and try again until it gets going. The stench of past glories, the musky manuscripts that speak of ancestral feats, the decay of once-glorious cities, excite their senses. It is excessively hard to let go of the legacy of greatness. Its loss gnaws at them. It haunts them. They will keep trying. As far as the jihadists are concerned, they were left for dead in 2009. They were thought to be a spent force, its remnants living out a precarious existence in the deserts of Iraq. Then they came back. They made no excuses for the doctrinal overreach of declaring the Islamic State in 2006 that had turned so many other jihadist and Salafist groups against them. They felt they were right all along, and that their temporary setbacks mirrored ones that Muhammad had experienced himself. Not only did they make no excuses, but this time around they called a spade a spade: “Yes, world, this is the caliphate resurrected” they proclaimed. Their righteousness and certainty was foretold by precedence. History is their refuge, their sanctuary. They stand on firm ground. And if that terrain goes unchallenged, they will keep coming back. But it is not all doom and gloom: It just so happens that challenging them on the received facts of history is easier than what many may imagine.
What if there is a way by which we do not have to take the Charter of Medina at face value? There is no original, extant copy of the Charter of Medina under a glass display case in a well-guarded museum somewhere. We cannot even be sure if it was a written document at Muhammad’s time, or whether it was a verbal agreement as was the custom then. What we think we know about the Charter was jotted down, ink on parchment, 150 to 200 years after the event. That is the period when comprehensive chronicles of early Islam were written down, relying for the most part on oral transmission. One of those chroniclers, laboring six generations after the first community of Muslims had passed, may have seen an earlier, written charter somewhere, but again, we cannot know for sure. Our hearts should go out to that chronicler: difficult as it is to recall what one did last Tuesday, it is surely a heavy burden to recall the events on a Tuesday two hundred years ago. But that is precisely why the history of early Islam is enveloped in the fog of doubt. One need not worry though, because for the last two hundred years, Western scholars (whose discipline was dubbed ‘Orientalism’) took on the task of studying how that history was chronicled. They worked laboriously, with difficult languages, to figure out all the analytical angles. They have engaged in furious debates and disagreements, as scholars do, and they have made their respective cases in thousands of books, papers and symposia. Their work continues, with fascinating and insightful research coming out in print in recent years. At points, they were enjoined by Middle Eastern scholars who used those same methodologies that had been developed in the academies of the West—historiography, critical literary analysis, philology, archeology, exegesis, codicology, etc.—to delve into the fog. But such native efforts were sporadic, hesitant and ultimately minimalist compared to the corpus of work being done by German, Italian, British, Dutch, French, Russian, American, and the odd Czech and Hungarian Orientalists—and for good reason. The academies of the Middle East, as well as the general public discourse on history, were generally not amenable to raising doubt. Some of the most risqué works, written in Arabic, had to be published posthumously. Some authors were forced into exile or imprisonment. Some other authors were killed. Their counterparts in the West, on the other hand, could work freely, for the most part.
In his book Islamic History: A Framework for Inquiry (1991), University of California, Santa Barbara professor R. Stephen Humphreys presents a case study in which he marshals the arguments made by various Orientalists over the course of a century regarding the Charter of Medina. Some took it to be authentic, making a rational case for why they would think so. Others argued that it could not have been a unitary document or agreement, suggesting that it was amalgamated into one from a variety of separate agreements. Still others dwelt on the wording, and some of the terms used, and they could not reconcile this document to what they would deem to be plausible wording and terminology during seventh century Central Arabia. After a century’s worth of study, what scholars are left with is intellectual angst: “We will never know for certain.” That is the expected lament of historians that have to deal with events that far back without any extant or contemporary evidence; they have to resign themselves to living with doubt. Now, consider the angst of the historian versus the certitude of the Islamic extremist when revisiting history. Surely that fog of doubt should have a place in the conversation when history is used so deliberately and, at times, horrifically to justify extremism.
The fog of doubt permeates much of the historical record. If properly harnessed, it can cast a shadow on much of the extremist narrative. The character of Ibn Saba, the Jew who invented Shi’ism, may well have been a fabrication. A strong case has been made suggesting that medieval polemists concocted him out of thin air and inserted him into the historical record. We can demonstrate this because some Orientalists conducted serious and in-depth academic forensics about him and about the fabricators. What about the letters that Muhammad had sent to the emperors of the Middle East that Abu Omar had mimicked in wording and in tone? Those letters too are not extant, and it is perplexing that we have no contemporary reports by non-Muslims at those imperial courts that remarked upon the fact that a new religion had announced itself so dramatically. The character of al-Mukhtar that Maliki’s followers had championed is a problematic figure for Shi’ism, should we actually revisit what Shia sources say about the topic. The sole male survivor from the battle of Karbala, Hussein’s son who would become the fourth Imam of Shi’ism, did not express much gratitude for what the avenger had wrought on Hussein’s murderers. He considered al-Mukhtar to be a liar and braggart, pushing his own agenda for power. Again, shouldn’t these impressions of al-Mukhtar have been part of the conversation when Shia chauvinists resurrected his legacy and rehabilitated his image as part of a strategy to redraw the lines in the region?
Orientalism carries a stigma among left-leaning Western academies, where it is widely believed to have served Western imperialism. Orientalism is rejected by like-minded leftists in the Middle East for the same reasons. Columbia University’s Palestinian-American literary critic Edward Said, the late author of the supremely influential book Orientalism (1978)—which almost single handedly managed to turn its title word into an academic pejorative—boasts the distinction of being the sole intellectual luminary from around the world to have two portraits, not one, hanging on the walls of the Writers’ Café in old Basra, where crusty old Marxists gather for tea and conversation. Conservative and religiously-minded Muslims, on the other hand, believe that the field of Orientalism is part of a Western effort to undermine their faith. One can find 200 Arabic books on the internet available for full download that attack the Orientalists. Many are parked on websites amply funded by conservative Arab regimes. Yet even so, the scholarly methodology of applying critical analysis to the historical record is ‘agenda neutral’, and it is desperately needed in light of the extremist use of this record. Two hundred years’ worth of scholastic legacy is parked on bookshelves in Western libraries. Little of it is available online. Much less of it has been translated into the languages spoken in the Middle East. If the internet is supposed to be the great equalizer of content, then why is there such a disparity when it comes to a sober and systematic conversation about early Islam? Why is this the case at a time when many young Muslims are watching what extremism has wrought and asking themselves “is this really our religion”? The extremist affirmation that it is indeed “our history, refer to page X, paragraph Y in such and such book” goes unchallenged. Many of those young Muslims have not been trained to take on the task of revisiting the historical record themselves. There is no funding from the local powers-that-be for it. However, they need not start from scratch. Parts of the Orientalist methodology and its output can be made available for them, online and in their languages, and should. Whichever way the subsequent conversation goes is left to them. But a conversation needs to begin somewhere, and on solid scholastic ground. Should it be somewhat controversial may actually be helpful. That controversy could provide the drama that matches the theatrics of the extremists.
<blockquote>”If I didn’t know about this, I assumed that none of the other officers knew about it, either. That was just Debbie’s way. In my experience she didn’t come to the officers of the DNC for advice and counsel. She seemed to make decisions on her own and let us know at the last minute what she had decided, as she had done when she told us about the hacking only minutes before the Washington Post broke the news. ”</blockquote>
What do we make of this, and what can be done about it?
<blockquote>”When we hung up, I was livid. Not at Gary, but at this mess I had inherited. I knew that Debbie had outsourced a lot of the management of the party and had not been the greatest at fundraising. I would not be that kind of chair, even if I was only an interim chair. Did they think I would just be a surrogate for them, get on the road and rouse up the crowds? I was going to manage this party the best I could and try to make it better, even if Brooklyn did not like this. It would be weeks before I would fully understand the financial shenanigans that were keeping the party on life support.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”Right around the time of the convention, the leaked emails revealed Hillary’s campaign was grabbing money from the state parties for its own purposes, leaving the states with very little to support down-ballot races. A Politico story published on May 2nd, 2016 described the big fund-raising vehicle she had launched through the states the summer before, quoting a vow she had made to rebuild “the party from the ground up… when our state parties are strong, we win. That’s what will happen.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I wanted to believe Hillary, who made campaign finance reform part of her platform, but I had made this pledge to Bernie and did not want to disappoint him. I kept asking the party lawyers and the DNC staff to show me the agreements that the party had made for sharing the money they raised, but there was a lot of shuffling of feet and looking the other way.”</blockquote>
So wait Donna, you didn't <i>want to disappoint Bernie</i>, yet you had evidence of cheating and were even complicit in it since you were aware Robby Mook had made a deal with the Clinton Campaign as per Debbie Wasserman Schultz and you didn't go public with it?
<blockquote>”The agreement—signed by Amy Dacey, the former CEO of the DNC, and Robby Mook with a copy to Marc Elias—specified that in exchange for raising money and investing in the DNC, Hillary would control the party’s finances, strategy, and all the money raised. Her campaign had the right of refusal of who would be the party communications director, and it would make final decisions on all the other staff. The DNC also was required to consult with the campaign about all other staffing, budgeting, data, analytics, and mailings.”</blockquote>
What are people supposed to make of these admissions from Donna Brazile today?
She's even made herself complicit multiple times, to which I demand (all Republicans and Democrats should unite here) an investigation into these actions.
"The partisan way she’s framed the issue -- by blaming Republicans for all the voting problems -- makes it less likely these changes will actually be implemented should she be elected president," Rick Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, wrote Monday at Slate, calling for Clinton to abandon the idea as a campaign talking point. "Instead, she’s offering red meat to her supporters while alienating the allies she would need to get any reforms enacted... That message will likely alienate moderate Republicans who could be her natural partners for reforms in the future."
More broadly, a majority of the public -- 61 percent -- say that low voter turnout is at least a moderate problem. Many, though, aren't sure it's the government's problem to fix. Forty-six percent of people say the government is already doing enough to make sure that everyone who wants to vote in elections is able to, while 32 percent say it isn't. Democrats say by a 24-point margin that the government doesn't do enough, while Republicans say by a 55-point margin that it does.
The idea of a cheesecake came to me naturally, I will have made an ice cream but I still have no turbine in my house (yes it is a call: D)
Do you want this jam to make the recipe? Nothing more simple I invite you on the site of the Bonne Box and to not miss anything (it would be a pity) subscribe to you: here!
SEPTEMBER 16: The Blue Jays are pleased with Melky Cabrera both on and off the field and will make him a qualifying offer following the season with the hope of retaining the switch-hitter on a multi-year deal, reports Jon Heyman of CBS Sports. A qualifying offer, expected to fall in the $15MM range this winter, will be worth nearly as much as the two-year, $16MM pact Cabrera inked with the Blue Jays prior to the 2013 season.
Les Halles breadJust before placing the baguettes in the oven, a baker makes small slits in the dough.And yet there are still some things that must be done by hand, such as shaping the dough into long batons of brioche for the sandwiches, as several cast members were doing when I snuck a peek inside the facility recently. I wasn’t allowed to take any photos in the “backstage” kitchen, but I can tell you I was impressed with the extent -- and expense -- that has been taken to produce as authentic a product as possible.
The brioche that my Dinde B.L.T. was built upon, was softer and fresh tasting. The sandwich had the requisite bacon, lettuce and tomato, but also turkey and aioli. The bread was good, but I think I prefer the crusty baguettes (certain sandwiches are made with certain breads, and as for now there are no provisions for sandwiches by request).
Just how, you may ask, do you make a perfume that evokes the characters and concepts of American Gods? According to the Lab, “By utilizing our knowledge of homeopathy and aromatherapy, the conceptual theories of hermetic alchemy, and the aesthetic artistry of perfumery, we have mastered the art of encapsulating allegorical ideas into singular olfactory experiences.”
“The Black Hats” smelled “masculine” to us, since strong musks are usually assigned to male colognes (yes, it is a kind of wild that even perfumes have weird gendered associations that are hard to shake). “Gunpowder, patent leather, pomade, aftershave.” Well, at least we were right about the traditionally “male” products that were combined to make this scent. A similar one was, well, “The Buffalo Man.”
What is the meaning of insatiable craving? How does drunkenness seem to be an experience of the divine? How is it different? How can Catholicism make sense of the joys and sorrows of the drinking life? What, if anything, can an alcoholic in recovery offer to the Church?
We don't think much of the Thunder owners, but we really don't think much of Howard Schultz, who completely betrayed the community that helped make him billions, all because he didn't know anything about how to run an NBA team, and because he couldn't wait an extra couple of months to find a suitable buyer that obviously wouldn't move the team from Seattle.
1st candidate for the top job jumped into the race today. really early announcement. didn't realize canada also had an election coming up. Was thinking something as simple as -- there will be a choice in this next election -- just look at what the first Republican out of the gate believes .... On Mon, Mar 23, 2015 at 8:00 AM, Jennifer Palmieri <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com<mailto:jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com>> wrote: Good idea re sending mika the statement, will do that. Mulling Cruz, could be good if we had something meaningful or really funny to say. Sent from my iPhone > On Mar 23, 2015, at 7:40 AM, Jake Sullivan <jake.sullivan@gmail.com<mailto:jake.sullivan@gmail.com>> wrote: > > What do you guys think about HRC saying something about Cruz today? Some kind of light hearted contrast? Would make news. > > > >> On Mar 23, 2015, at 7:38 AM, Philippe Reines <pir@hrcoffice.com<mailto:pir@hrcoffice.com>> wrote: >> >> Maybe Mika would read the whole statement if she had it. >> >> >> From: Jennifer Palmieri >> Sent: Monday, March 23, 2015 7:15 AM >> To: Jake Sullivan >> Cc: Cheryl Mills; Philippe Reines; Nick Merrill; John Podesta; David Kendall; Heather Samuelson >> Subject: Re: NYT piece >> >> >> Nick is asking them to update the story to make that point clear. >> >> Twitter is more interested in the substance of the emails (spontaneous vs non-spontaneous), which I think is manageable and much better than have the reaction that she lied in describing her emailing practice with staff. >> >> Morning Joe discussion is coming up, so trying to reach Mika and will report back after that. Ted Cruz announcing today helps. >> >> Sent from my iPadg >> >>> On Mar 23, 2015, at 6:19 AM, Jake Sullivan <jake.sullivan@gmail.com<mailto:jake.sullivan@gmail.com>> wrote: >>> >>> The key issue, in my view, is that the piece implies the quoted emails are from personal when they are not. >>> >>> >>> >>>> On Mar 23, 2015, at 6:17 AM, Jennifer Palmieri <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com<mailto:jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com>> wrote: >>>> >>>> I think that person, the degree to which they exist, is Ezra Klein. And we can do it with him today. >>>> >>>> Others should weigh in on Congress, but I have had a lot of success with Cummings and Schiff decrying selective leaks and think we should do that here. >>>> >>>> >>>> Sent from my iPhone >>>> >>>>> On Mar 23, 2015, at 5:41 AM, Cheryl Mills <cheryl.mills@gmail.com<mailto:cheryl.mills@gmail.com>> wrote: >>>>> >>>>> Jen/Nick >>>>> >>>>> Lloyd Grove used to be the person who would hold journalist accountable - who is that now and is there an opportunity for that in real time today? >>>>> >>>>> On Cong mischaracterizing emails to nyt (or NYT doing it themselves) - what is strategy for having Cong counter the misinformation with the release of the actual emails so they speak for themselves as opposed to having nyt selectively mischaracterize what they claim they have never seen? >>>>> >>>>> cdm
The word authentication basically means "the process or action of proving or showing something to be true, genuine, or valid" - nothing more. In this regard, the little "light" on an MQA DAC would do the job and may be all that Stuart's talking about (whoopee do!). It's not hard to imagine how this is done of course - embed some MQA data in the stream and the firmware detects it. Perhaps something like a CRC may be embedded every so often to make sure the data isn't corrupt and the indicator light will go off or blink perhaps with each instance of corruption.
One way to test this hypothesis is to check what happens to the sound coming out of two MQA-certified DAC devices. Is there any evidence that MQA processing with its claimed benefits (time domain accuracy, "better" filtering algorithm catering to the DAC, "accurate and authentic path", etc.) will result in sonic output more similar than just the DACs playing the same HDtracks tune? The idea being that if MQA processing makes the DACs sound more alike, then there's actually something being done to standardize the analogue output which ostensibly is a reflection of the "studio sound" or even the sound of the "original performance" when they say stuff like this on their website:
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
A patent filed by Microsoft on January 30, 2012, and this week made available to the public, outlines a series of head-mounted display devices and their potential gaming applications.
I love the outdoors, hiking, ruck marching, camping under the stars. Until recently I had had a pair of Magnum boots from my old Army days, until they finally succumbed to the Gods of wear and tear. I was pretty upset and was in dire need of a new pair. Thank you so much Rebecca, this has made for an excellent exchange and has made me so happy. I intend to go for a hike in them this weekend.
So what makes F&D a neighborhood restaurant?
People are like oh, this feels like a diner! Well, if you're from the Northeast, this is not a diner. Just because it has a counter. If you live down here, people think it's sushi-style because you're sitting behind a counter watching people make stuff. We don't have another space to put this stuff!
We're trying to expand the menu, make the food cleaner. I think that's one of the big things that's changed since Day One is that we're getting back to the way we really, really want to cook. A whole slew of things.
We're really thinking about doing another restaurant in the next year and a half, two years. We really want to do that. There's a whole other niche that Austin doesn't have — you go to a place like Mother's and it's vegetables, but it's all covered in cheese. Can we have a vegetarian restaurant in Austin that just lets the vegetable shine? Has anybody ever made cassoulet with vegetables? Has anybody ever done whole roasted turnips? Just make it somewhere around here if we can find the space, and do something like Foreign & Domestic Bio. Maybe there's one or two fish dishes, but that'd be the only animal product. Keeping it small and concise.
Bernie Miklasz examines the reasons why the Rams are unlikely to select a WR in the first round of the draft. I believe the signing of Kenny Britt might make it an even more remote possibility.
Perhaps that’s also the reason why every quarter in the last couple years IBM’s revenues seem to be down, or shy of forecasts, or both; and why every quarter last year IBM’s free cash flow was down year-over-year; and why last October the company revised its cumulative “Roadmap” cash flow downward from $100 billion to $85 billion; and why the company seems to be trying to jettison any kind of non-sexy business that makes something that plugs into a wall.
Rowling also talked of her lead character, Cormoran Strike, whose first name is the Cornish for giant, and whose surname, she revealed, she came across by accident, the surname of the author of a book on Cornwall she happened across, immediately recognising it as right. One of the reasons she had made her lead character a war veteran with an amputated leg was that the reality of living with a disability was something close to her heart, she said. "My mother lived with multiple sclerosis, and was latterly disabled - in a wheelchair - and that's day in, day out. We see a vast number of people returning to this country [from war] with disabilities - although the paralympics are marvellous, there is another side. Once you get off the podium you are still dealing with it. It's a pain in the arse. I certainly remember from my mother's experience that when a lift breaks down, for you it's an inconvenience, for someone with a disability... [it's much more]."
Blasting and catching a frontside shove-it like this one is no easy feat. Benny makes it look all too easy. Yoon Sul
Did any one trick or line make for a memorable experience: either a battle or really fun/memorable session?
Gupta said a restaurant employee assured them that it did not make meat samosas, according to court documents. A half-hour later, the two men picked up a tray labeled "VEG samosas."
But after Gupta and his group of 16 people began eating the triangular deep-fried pastries, they grew concerned they were eating meat. When they went to return the uneaten samosas, the restaurant said it had made a mistake, court documents showed.
Buckminsterfullerene is a type of fullerene with the formula C 60 . It has a cage-like fused-ring structure (truncated icosahedron) that resembles a soccer ball (football), made of twenty hexagons and twelve pentagons, with a carbon atom at each vertex of each polygon and a bond along each polygon edge.
60 tends to avoid having double bonds in the pentagonal rings, which makes electron delocalization poor, and results in C
Fortunately for women in our modern times, publications old and new now offer “Lazy Girl” guides to shape them into some level of fitness for society. And I mean fitness in more than just the natural-selection sense: Lazy Girl guides can give her a great butt. They can style her clothes so she does not scare others, banish her cystic pizza face, make her lose weight, help her with her morning makeup, feed her a healthy meal, repair her tattered rags, tame her rat’s nest of a haircut, fix her repulsive cuticles, contour her shapeless blob of a face, learn her manners, teach her to keep house. The lazy girl is Eliza Doolittle, and the internet is her Henry Higgins.
Most bicycle hubs incorporate a freewheel to allow the pedals to remain stationary while the bicycle is in motion, so that the rider can coast, i.e., ride without pedalling using forward momentum. A fixed-gear drivetrain has the drive sprocket (or cog) threaded or bolted directly to the hub of the back wheel, so that the pedals are directly coupled to the wheel. During acceleration, the pedal crank drives the wheel, but in other situations, the rear wheel can drive the pedal cranks.[2] This direct coupling allows a cyclist to apply a braking force with the legs and bodyweight, by resisting the rotation of the cranks. It also makes it possible to cycle backwards.
Perhaps the most obvious disadvantage is the lack of multiple gears, and the flexibility in pedaling cadence and resistance made available through gear shifting. Hilly or uneven mountainous terrain with steep grades can be particularly challenging, as the rider cannot adjust the gearing to match the terrain.
New Zealand – By law all bicycles must have a minimum of "...a good rear brake..."–and those made since 1 January 1988 must also have "...a good front brake..."[46]
United States – The use of any bike without brakes on public roads is illegal in many places, but the wording is often similar to "...must be equipped with a brake that will enable the person operating the cycle to make the braked wheels skid on dry, level and clean pavement..."[53] which some have argued allows the use of the legs and gears.[54] The retail sale of bikes without brakes is banned by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission[55] – but with an exception for the "track bicycle" (...a bicycle designed and intended for sale as a competitive machine having tubular tires, single crank-to-wheel ratio, and no free-wheeling feature between the rear wheel and the crank...).[56]
Placing thin spacers under the bottom bracket's right-hand cup (Sturmey-Archer make a suitable 1/16" spacer) to move the chainring outboard
In 2006, Adventures for the Cure made a documentary film on riding across the United States on fixed gears; they repeated this feat as a 4-man team at the 2008 Race Across America.
Maintaining a fixed gear is relatively easy because it has fewer parts than a geared bicycle. The sprocket should be checked regularly to make sure there is no damage to any teeth and that no object is grinding it as it turns with the rear wheel. The chainring should be checked similarly for any damage. There is an advantage to selecting a number of chainring teeth that is not a round multiple of the number of sprocket teeth (e.g. 3) because this avoids coincidence of the same chainring and sprocket teeth, and tyre contact patch, on each of the rider's power strokes. For riders who perform brakeless skid-stops, it is best to select prime-numbered chainrings (e.g. 41, 43 or 47 teeth) to guarantee that rear tyre wear is spread evenly.
The fixed-gear movement is growing [needs update] in Sweden. A cornerstone of the Swedish fixed-gear society is the Internet-based forum Fixedgear.se, with over 2300 registered members [needs update]. This makes up for the main meeting ground and discussion forum for Swedish fixed-gear riders and enthusiasts.[citation needed]
Moving to the Bay Area, San Francisco and San Jose have well established fixed gear communities who host several established races and community rides. For example, the San Jose Bike Party, held on the third Friday of every month, is dedicated to “building community through bicycling” and contains a majority of fixed gear riders, although all bikes are welcome.[74] Moreover, companies such as Chrome Industries, who make bags and apparel catered toward bike messengers and urban cyclists, have been able to rise to worldwide prominence thanks to San Francisco and California’s biking community.[75] Also, stores such as MASH SF based in San Francisco,[76] and IMINUSD based in San Jose[77] accommodate fixed-gear cyclist specifically with riding gear, parts, and a center for the fixed-gear riding community in their respective cities. MASH SF collaborates with the Italian bicycle manufacturing company, Cinelli, to make several fixed gear bike framesets, including what is known as the Cinelli MASH Histogram.[78] Furthermore, Macaframa is a group of riders from San Francisco who release movies dedicated to fixed-gear riding that encompass the fast paced lifestyle that comes along with riding fixed.[79]
The Swiss foreign ministry recently made contact with the North Korean authorities but there are no current plans for any talks, a spokeswoman said.
.- The lawyers of the bakery owner who made headlines for declining to make a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding is “evaluating all legal options” to preserve the man’s First Amendment rights after the state’s highest court declined to take the case.
The baker made headlines when in 2012 he declined to bake a wedding cake for a couple’s same-sex wedding ceremony, citing his religious beliefs about gay marriage in an exchange that lasted less than a minute, according to Phillips. The baker told the clients he’d gladly make them any other kind of cake, just not one celebrating their same-sex marriage.
The filing comes six months after the Center for Medical Progress released covertly recorded videos that purported to show Planned Parenthood officials seeking to make money from the sale of tissue from aborted fetuses to medical researchers, which is against the law.
I’m doing my part by sharing with you my Top Ten Favorite APA characters in comics. They aren’t listed in any specific order, but they all meet these requirements: They’re in comics, they’re of Asian or Pacific Islander descent, they’re American, and they make my heart happy.
She said attending the signing of the Paris Agreement made her consider the role mayors can play to fight climate change, as well as build the economy.
Can you imagine Wade trying to topple James for supremacy in his present condition? Wade might not move exactly the way he did, but that move he made three years ago is still serving him. Makes you wonder if he’ll be the one choosing to take the biggest discount again to keep this together beyond the current contracts.
So he uses belief and these holy gifts to conquer, but the other day he had to go back to the locker room to have his kneecap put back in place with tightened tape before coming out to finish the Chicago Bulls’ season. And there was a defiance in him after that, wondering aloud if one day doubters would correctly appreciate his game. There was ego in that because you will always find ego and greatness residing in the same neighborhood, but the don’t-you-dare-doubt-me was unusual given that it was obvious to any eye that Wade wasn’t himself in the Bulls series, unable to get to the free-throw line with his usual breakneck style. Part of that was the way the Bulls always defend him; part of that was the knee limiting him in a way that makes you wonder as the games, opponent and climb get harder.
Who can blame him? There's nothing like being the target of an assassination plot to make a video link seem the more prudent option. When it was mooted that Rushdie would appear at Jaipur, the Darul Uloom Deoband, an influential fundamentalist Islamic seminary in the neighbouring state of Uttar Pradesh, demanded that his visa be withdrawn. But as Rushdie, who was born in India, drily noted, he didn't need a visa.
"I was always a writer who was interested in politics," he said in 2008, "and then I think I had an overdose of it. Be careful what you wish for. And one of the effects on my sensibility is to make me want to back away from public discourse. I just want to stay at home and write stories and send them out every couple of years. That's why I got into the game, not to be some major public spokesman on political issues."
Many murders and attempted murders were inspired by the fatwa, but the first casualty was Rushdie's marriage to novelist Marianne Wiggins. The pair split a few months after he was forced into hiding and, while never going into detail, Rushdie has made it clear that the parting was not amicable. The memoir is bound to lift the lid on those painful weeks of shared seclusion.
The department could further cut grants for the arts, with lottery money potentially expected to make up the shortfall.
The department is ringfenced and its budget will grow, but it will still have to make efficiency savings because of rapidly rising demand for services thanks to an ageing population. The chancellor has pledged to spend an extra £8bn on the NHS by 2020.
Those familiar with the case, who spoke to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, express concern over the serious clashes of interests between the two sides of the border. “These villagers made more than $800 million in 16 months that they probably could not have imagined in their lifetime," a source said. "While they only focus on making easy money, the militants on the other side of the border don’t even care about their lives and they learn about our military’s movements. This not only puts our security at risk here, but also threatens the entire security of the nation.”
The general sense among the locals is that even if the judge gives the accused jail time, it won’t be more than three or four years, and that it is all worth the money they made in less than two years. The wealth of the alleged leader of this network is now estimated to be around $2 million. “Even the women in the village cherished the smuggling business, as they saved the money to prepare a richer dowry for their girls. And let’s be frank. Although money is sweet, these extremists find comfort among the Sunni population here. So when people cooperate with smugglers, they don’t consider them to be a threat to their own security or to the nation.”
But the reverse umbrage misses the point: the problematic optics for Republicans are not just the former plantation, or the bones and ghosts of dead slaves that share space with a lavish resort and golf course. The optics are a party that is almost entirely made up of white men, holding a strategy session on how to appeal to minorities and women while ensconced in a plantation, surrounded by the aforementioned bones and ghosts.
It was back in 2008 that I got a good dressing down for a comment I made about the Linux community. It wasn’t so much a comment as it was a declaration that there isn’t a Linux Community.. Let me quote that declaration for you:
Stay with me here because I need to tell you the whole story in order for this all to make sense. Some of you may know, some may not, but on February 26th, 2012 I was diagnosed with stage four throat cancer. The tumor had grown so quickly and aggressively that I had to go to the emergency room in order to be able to breath. Did I already know I had cancer? Yes I did, but I was uninsured and it’s hard to find care when the provider knows you are a charity case. I just didn’t bother.
I was then anesthetized and placed into ICU. I don’t remember much of the next few days, until I woke to my family and loved ones around me. The emergency room ENT who had placed my trach had told them there was nothing that could be done. I was terminal and the best they could do was take me home and make me comfortable until the end.
Now, with me not having any idea, the love of my Life, Diane, began talking to people online, telling people that I needed surgery and that she was trying to raise money in order to make that a possibility. At the same time, I was talking to my good, good friend and award-winning author Thomas Knight. I needed a side-light monitor in order to spend any time at my computer. The back light monitors emitted a frequency that made me horribly nauseous, which was a side-effect of the cancer treatments. Thomas started an Indiegogo fundraiser, along with two other good friends, in order to get me the monitor. I got monitor, so I knew about those fundraising efforts. But let me tell you what I didn’t know.
Thomas began conspiring with people in and around his Google Plus circles, and those people began to make contact with other people. Before I was aware of it, Thomas, Dave Rea and others had extended that Indiegogo effort in order to help raise the money needed for my surgery.
Good, long-time friends Don and Lisa had threatened to come all the way from Llano Texas to visit Diane and me in Taylor. Don mentioned that he might need to purchase some components I have and we made the arrangements for that to happen, with lunch at Applebee’s a precursor to those sale negotiations.
They made good on their threat and made the trip to Taylor. We had a great time and I even gave them the grand tour of our recently reopened Reglue facility. As much of a mess as it is, they wanted to see “where it all happened.”
We no longer need to make any guesses about what the Galaxy Note 7 is going to look like. Multiple high-quality renders have already been leaked online alongside several blurry live pictures of the upcoming flagship handset. The latest leak brings us the clearest picture yet of the Galaxy Note 7 in Black Onyx, we have seen some blurry pictures of it in the recent past.
The Galaxy Note 7 will be available in three colors namely Black Onyx, Silver Titanium and Blue Coral. Black Onyx is unique in the sense that even the metal frame is painted black which is something we’ve not seen Samsung do in the past. It surely makes the device look understated yet elegant which is really the look Samsung is shooting for these days with its high-end handsets. The Galaxy Note 7 is due to be unveiled in New York on August 2nd. Rumor has it that the handset could be released in launch markets on the very same day.
The idea of convergence is not something new and it meant a different thing two or three years ago. Today it means two things. Developers want to make a single operating system that can run on PCs, tablets, phones, and everything else from a single codebase, and app developers want to make a single apps that can run on all of them.
Canonical now has an opportunity to make a real impact with a product that is radically different from everything else. If you take all of these features together, the convergence, the fact that it's open source, the unique design, and the huge community behind Ubuntu, you will find that there is nothing like it in the entire industry.
This is the main feature of Ubuntu Touch, its uniqueness. It's not the fastest, it doesn't have the most apps, but it has heart and the people who are building it are really passionate and opened about their work. This alone makes it a winner.
Harold Nicholson told his son to go to the nearest Russian consulate to make initial contact, and over the next two years, the son met with Russian agents six times.
The prospect of imminent disaster focused Catholic and Protestant politicians who had made the community government dysfunctional over squabbles about Irish language rights, north-south cooperation and loyalist parades.
Before the Northern Ireland “Troubles” began 40 years ago, a majority unionist government controlled a paramilitary police force known as the Royal Ulster Constabulary. The police force was demilitarized under direct British rule and renamed the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) to make it more widely acceptable.
Mozilla’s goal with this project is to make it easier for everyone to work together on the Web — given how important remote communication has become, it’s great to see Mozilla developing an open-source solution. And because it’s open source, don’t be surprised to see customized TowTruck-powered features and services pop up.
Mozilla warns that TowTruck is “alpha-quality software,” and in our own tests, we found the service to be clunky, yet promising. It’s particularly interesting that collaborators can stay connected while navigating separate pages of the same site. That said, there was just enough lag to make the experience feel heavy.
Mohammed’s statement marks a dramatic change from his earlier statements, as he previously defended the right to use violence in order to spread the word of Islam. Instead, the document attempts to make a more rationalized and philosophical argument.
By 2011, she made her professional MMA debut, winning in 25 seconds with an arm bar. She would win five more the same way, which was part of the reason she found herself on White's radar. His company, Zuffa, bought the Strikeforce promotion that Rousey was fighting under, but the acquisition didn't necessarily mean a job for Rousey in the flagship promotion.
"America ... [looks] for a certain image in the Marine Corps," Green said. "We want to make sure that the image that we project is the image that America wants [and one] that the Marine Corps can live with ."
Green said Marines are ready for any changes to be set so they can make decisions about tattoos without fear for their careers.
Even if a student with a gun can use it to defend against a mass murderer, it’s hardly clear that anyone, including the armed student, is made safer. Policemen or other students with guns might not be able to differentiate among gunmen, putting the person defending herself at risk of being shot by mistake. Even well-trained gun owners suffer enormous mental stress in a shootout, making hitting a target extremely difficult.
Yet gun rights proponents are redoubling their repeal efforts. They aren’t reacting to a wave of violence on campus. The true motivation is to remove the stigma attached to guns. Many in the gun rights movement believe there should be no gun-free zones and seek to make the public possession of firearms a matter of course. The protesters who last year carried guns into Starbucks shops and Tea Party rallies had the same goal. They weren’t expecting to defend themselves; they were aiming to build broader public acceptance of guns.
Strong organic marketing — Most of our marketing power was not spent on ads or paying for articles, but rather through content marketing, growth hacking and connecting with people who would be interested in our ideology. We made sure that we had all forms of communication. Social media channels and we were constantly pushing out new content.
Strong customer service — We made sure that any curious visitor to the website were greeted with a someone from Crowdholding. If they had any doubts, questions or comments we were there to receive them and to reply back. This grows a strong relationship, and shows that we are here to advise and help.
Use of Bounties — We made sure to use the public who would be interested in our concept / cryptocurrencies. Crowdholding used our own platform to structure bounties. Once this was created, the general public started to share and post to increase the visibility of Crowdholding.
There were also some concepts we learnt and will add to make our ICO more successful:
"He was a head coach in the Arena League and United Football League. A lot of people roll their eyes at that. But he was in charge of a budget, had to find and release players, make all kind of game day decisions.
Now all we need is your support to make it to reality once again. We hope you enjoy DTRAC v2 as much as we do.
As such, Israel’s constant and otherwise irrational belligerence makes perfect sense. An FOB’s priorities are not prosperity and peace as would a nation’s, but rather to engage forward into enemy territory. The trick over the years has been to portray Israel as a nation, while propping up its constant belligerence and aggression as “self-defense.” To keep this illusion in motion, Israel and its regional and Western collaborators have even created full-time enemies, including Hamas itself – a creation of Israeli intelligence and to this day primarily propped up by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, both of which are defacto regional partners with the West and of course Israel itself.
The report itself conspires to use covert provocations to trigger a war with Iran, to undermine it politically through foreign-sponsored “protests” augmented by covert armed groups, the direct funding, arming, and use of listed terrorist organizations against the Iranian people, and specifically the use of Israel to attack Iran with covert Western backing to make it appear as if Tel Aviv took the steps unilaterally. It specifically states:
While the Rapids subbed out seemingly all of their field players at the half, Republic waited until the 54th minute to make the bulk of their substitutions, with Matt LaGrassa, Max Alvarez, trialist Mackenzie Pridham and trialist Alex Risdale coming on for Cameron Iwasa, Agustin Cazarez, Alfonso Motagalvan and Thomas Stewart.
I will never block you from the site or worsen your experience for using an ad blocker. But I do encourage you to either allow ads for my domains, or if you really don't want ads, please consider supporting my work in another way. For example, you can make a donation at SWTORTools Support.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Research has shown that teenagers — and especially teenage boys — who work are more likely to graduate high school, more likely to go to college and less likely to get into trouble with the law. They also gain valuable work experience that can make it easier to get a job and get promoted more quickly in adulthood. But for a variety of reasons — fewer job opportunities, more emphasis on schooling, changing societal expectations — fewer young people are getting summer jobs.
The decline in employment among low-income and minority teens is particularly worrisome to economists because these are the ones who benefit most from early work experience. Teens from more affluent backgrounds might be able to make up for a thin resume with family connections, extracurricular experiences or the ability to accept an unpaid internship. Teens from low-income backgrounds rarely have those advantages.
Of course in arguing that his brother kept America safe, Jeb is rather conveniently glossing over the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Rather than protecting the homeland, George W. Bush presided over the worst terrorist attacks in history on U.S. soil. However, instead of acknowledging that intelligence failures while his brother was in the White House made America less safe, Jeb instead tries to pretend that his brother’s presidency began on September 12, 2001. This way he can argue that George W. Bush heroically rescued America from the terrorists and made us safe, while ignoring that it was the Bush White House that was in charge when the twin towers and the Pentagon were attacked by terrorists.
Republican revisionists have long tried to argue that George W. Bush kept America safe, by conveniently ignoring the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. For example, in January 2010, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani astonishingly claimed that America “had no domestic attacks” under President George W. Bush. Somehow Mayor Giuliani’s partisan amnesia made him completely forget that terrorists had launched an attack on his city, under George W. Bush’s watch, killing nearly 3,000 people and knocking down the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center. Giuliani was the mayor of New York City at the time. He probably should have remembered that day, but apparently it slipped his mind, while he was comparing Bush’s record to Obama’s record on preventing terrorism.
NB’s duo lane went top to make 2v1 lanes at game start, Pony took starfall first to almost immediately push the wave into the turret. H0R0 roamed top immediately after taking double buffs and secured first blood on asd. Both junglers moved to support top lane, resulting in SKTS taking bottom turret shortly before NB could reply with top turret. SKTS then roamed into NB’s blue jungle and stole the buff followed by the first dragon. SKTS then roamed into NB’s Red jungle, killing Longpanda and taking that buff as well. Both teams moved to dragon as it respawned.
Sword eventually took mid turret off of the pressure then rotated top to kill InSec. Sword took their second dragon when it respawned with no contest from Bullets. An engagement by Bullets in bottom lane leads to an extended 2/2 teamfight. Sword picked up 2 more kills before both teams moved toward the next dragon. Bullets contested, killed Expession, and took the third dragon. Sword made repeated successful picks on KaKAO which they attempt to convert into Baron.
IM#2’s duo lane hid to the top bush with PLL to ambush Acorn as he came into lane, forcing out his flash when he went to check the bush. PLL then teleported bottom to make 2v1 lanes with IM#2 in top lane. Spirit took both his buffs then moved top to support Acorn in lane while Reign over stole his jungle then ganked mid to give Kuro first blood at 4 minutes. Blue engaged top, trading Acorn for Ondal 1/1. Blue engaged top once again at 6 minutes, taking a 2/1 trade while their duo lane killed PLL bottom. Spirit roamed down and took the first dragon with Blues duo lane. At 10 minutes IM#2 took top turret while Spirit ganked bottom, scoring another kill on PLL and taking bottom turret for Blue.
IM#2 started by giving blue to Kuro while Reign over took red. They then invaded Blue’s blue jungle with 4 members and took first blood on Acorn. IM#2 then moved their duo lane to top to make 2v1 lanes. Deft remained bottom to solo lane against PLL while Heart roamed mid with Spirit. Together with PawN they killed Kuro and gave blue buff to PawN. Reign over ganked bottom twice, the 2nd time resulting in a 1/1 trade. At 6 minutes Spirit ganked mid again and gave another kill to PawN. Acorn roamed at level 6 and ganked mid, taking Kuro very low. When Kuro didn’t back, Blue used the advantage to take the first dragon at 9 minutes.
Patch 3.14 was introduced into OGN this week and with it we see some huge shifts in the game. Siege compositions have dropped and split push and teamfight compositions have made their triumphant return. Some new champions have also made it into the upper echelons of pick and ban which I will be going over.
With the new patch come in some crazy pick/ban numbers for a few champions who were unpicked until this week. Sivir came out the strongest with 100% pick ban and 100% win ratio (although she was only let through for a single game). This comes as no surprise as her update makes her extremely slippery and gives her insane waveclear, perfect for the Korean split push meta.
Tying for 3rd of the newcomers are Taric, Mundo, and Evelyn all at 70% pick/ban. Among these priority picks, Mundo was the surprising champion with a 75% win ratio over 4 games. Next was Taric with a 50% win ratio across 6 games. Finally Evelynn made it through only 2 games and came out with a 50% win ratio. Taric saw a huge buff with 3.14 which gives him great scaling and the ability to absolutlely destroy a lane opponent by shredding their armor and letting his marksman melt them. The vision changes have made an Evelynn an absolute terror. Mundo was a surprise hit and a huge success. Although there were no direct changes to him, the new defensive masteries have made him nearly unkillable and make him a real pain at all stages of the game.
Everyones favorite mid matchup showed up a few more times this week after a dip in week 2. Orianna vs Gragas has now shown up in 18% of all games this season. Orianna came back from a devastating first week and is now 4-2 against Gragas. It looks like the patch hasn’t affected their priority, we will see if Gragas can make a comeback before we hit the Round of 8.
A gray-skinned alien sassed at me in a unearthly tongue. It too followed my every move. I leaned in, right in its face, and it leaned back to avoid me. Its dark, iridescent eyes followed me as it continued its brusque speech. Moving and crouching were things I wanted to do in each experience. The ability to walk in virtual reality made it feel far more real than sitting.
In a gilded, ornate room I became distracted with the furniture, only to raise my head to a mirror and notice a happy mask bobbing there. The mask moved and floated on a ephemeral figure, trapped there as I made it dance.
I felt real vertigo when I found myself on top of a tall building in some near-future city. Looking over the edge to the streets below made the blood rush to my head, and made me remind myself it wasn't real.
Oculus VR would not release the specs of Crescent Bay, and said there are no plans to make this hardware available to developers. Instead, it represents a proof of concept for the consumer version, which still doesn't have a release date. The company has confirmed this is the final update it will release before the consumer Oculus Rift though.
“I’ve done a lot of great individual things in my career, playing in this league, and [winning], that’s why we all play, why we coach,” Murray said. “That’s all I’m worried about. I’m not worried about stats. Obviously, you want to play better and obviously you’ve got pride about yourself and things of that nature, but, hey, most importantly, we got the win. We’ll all watch film and . . . we’ll make corrections and that’s it.”
The CLS will make its debut at the Los Angeles Auto Show.
Mercedes-Benz has released a second teaser image to preview the third-generation CLS. The next evolution of the original four-door coupe will make its official debut in a few short weeks during the annual Los Angeles Auto Show.
Mercedes-AMG will make its own version of the CLS with roughly 600 horsepower. It will slot beneath the Porsche Panamera-fighting sedan the sub-division is developing as a four-door alternative to the GT.
“We did not make this decision lightly and hope all sides will come together to engage in a dialogue about the parade’s role in unifying the community at a time when Puerto Rico needs it most,” JetBlue said in a statement.
“That’s the first time I heard that story. I didn’t know anything about it,” tight end Ed Dickson said, via Joseph Person of the Charlotte Observer. “It says a lot that he would open up and say something about it. Because a lot of people would hold it in and not even talk about that moment. . . . Him being an ex-player, him being in that moment, he wanted to make sure nobody else would be that guy again. That’s huge.”
“When I go to the Tech I make a day out of it and I have to prepare myself to go, but if the shuttle picked me up I could go on a whim,” said sophomore media studies and production major Melissa Payavis. Payavis lives off-campus, on the 1500 block of Fontain St.
Now, you might argue that we’re not gearing for hit/exp/haste/mastery for the purposes of TDR, and you’d be right about that. We’re gearing for them because it gives us greater control over our survivability. But I think that’s makes for an even weaker argument for Windsong. Which gives you more reliable damage mitigation (or phrased another way, better smoothing): an 8k absorb every 10-12 seconds, or an uncontrollable proc that may or may not be up when you need it, and has a chance of giving you back-to-back crit procs that don’t help you?
I still think Dancing Steel has some allure as well – the fact that it grants parry might make up for the lower uptime, but that will depend on exactly how lopsided the avoidance on your gear set is. In my setup, parry’s actually being diminished more than dodge, so River’s Song would hold a commanding lead over Dancing Steel in TDR and survivability. Your mileage may vary.
For consistency, I think the Colossus enchant is unmatched. Yes, the absorb bubbles are small, but their reliability is what makes them attractive. Another 8k off of a 100k swing is still a good chunk, and in a longer death scenario I could get two of them. The fact that it’s fairly strong for TDR is a bonus.
Unlike the other three shows featured during Batman Month, there aren’t many (or any) ongoing story lines. The large majority of the episodes are one shots. This makes the show incredibly difficult to analyze, at least difficult to analyze in the same way as the other shows I’ve reviewed this month. So, let’s talk about the main character a little and then I’ll go into a few of my favorite side characters, a few of my favorite episodes and how they fit into the whole series … sound good?
Similarly to The Batman, Brave and the Bold‘s Batman is like the rice in fried rice … it’s the main aspect of the dish and is certainly a good part of the dish but the different ingredients accompanying it are what stand out. You can certainly eat the white rice on its own, but the extra stuff gives it flavor. While the villains aren’t bad (depending on the episode), for me it’s really the sidekicks and superhero team-ups that make this show unique and fun. It was a clever move by DC — Batman is easily one of the most recognizable and popular superheroes, so bringing in the audience with this recognizable character and then introducing these various lesser known characters is smart.
What also works for the character that we haven’t seen in the other shows I’ve reviewed is this Dark Knight is rarely shown as Bruce Wayne … he still is Bruce Wayne and we do see him in civilian clothing sparingly, but his onscreen persona is almost entirely as THE BAT. Quiet, contemplative, bad ass but also a throwback to the Silver Age so he’s also pretty heavy on the puns. Most of the puns actually play like CSI: Miami one-liners, so his deep, grizzled straight man voice just makes the puns funnier. If you’ll believe it, he’s voice by a very serious Diedrich Bader of Drew Carrey fame.
The myth of vampires, imbued with traits of rabies victims, was popularized long before we fully understood rabies. Even further back than the vampire is a tale that is part myth, part metaphor: in Homer’s epics, the Trojan hero and Achilles’ foe Hector has a strong fury akin to primal possession that made him terrifying and superhuman on the battlefield. The word used to describe his state is lyssa. As Wasik and Murphy describe it in Rabid: “Lyssa was rare, terrifying, violent, and animalistically destructive of self. It made creatures maim and kill those closest to them. It hollowed out reason and left nothing but frenzy.” In Attic Greek (the prestige dialect of Ancient Greek that was spoken in Attica) lyssa literally translates to rabies. World War Z has its own version of the lyssa crazed warriors: quislings. Quislings were once humans, reduced below a feral state into thinking and acting as zombies. It’s an involuntary coping mechanism on the part of some weak-willed percentage of the population. They were so ingrained with the idea they were zombies, they’d lay motionless while they were eaten alive.
“We are looking to create a collaboration between a club and some corporate entities to make this happen. There is great benefit financially to having him on board in terms of the crowds he would generate and also around his image because of the huge social media interest he generates.
Add to this the natural desire to bring good news rather than bad news to the boss — and combine it with a bureaucratic culture that insists that everything be boiled down to a few slides or a page of bullet points before it goes to senior officials. Maybe, at the end of the day, Obama can’t be expected to know whether his approach to counterterrorism is succeeding or failing, because the structure and incentives of the players in his own government make it impossible for him to know.
And to make matters worse – or better, depending on your viewpoint – Cameron also managed to get himself snapped in an affectionate embrace with a supporter of The Worst Man In History.
Those of us, who lived through power outages and gasoline shortages after Hurricane Sandy, know that gold wouldn’t have helped. Although people flock to gold in times of crisis, if a real crisis occurs, I have my doubts as to how effective a stockpile of gold would prove to be. If you stockpile gold somewhere safe, and a crisis occurs, how are you going to use your gold to provide useful goods and services? Do you think people are going to start pulling out their kitchen scales, weighing gold and trading it for eggs and chickens? If a real crisis occurs there are numerous things I’d rather own than gold; things like batteries, guns solar panels, chickens, a garden and oil and gasoline,” notes Dana Anspach, in an article she wrote for About.com. I lived through 14 days of the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. We had no power and our gasoline supply began to come under pressure. The long gas lines and falling temperatures made tempers rise. Gold wouldn’t have made a difference.
"I think Trump is in the White House because of me," said Horner, adding that his sites were constantly picked up by Trump supporters. "His followers don't fact-check anything — they'll post everything, believe anything. His campaign manager posted my story about a protester getting paid $3,500 as fact. Like, I made that up. I posted a fake ad on Craigslist."
Horner claims he was trying to make Trump and his supporters look bad. "I thought they'd fact-check it, and it'd make them look worse," Horner told the publication. "Looking back, instead of hurting the campaign, I think I helped it, and that feels [bad]."
Horner fancies himself a writer of satire, saying he likes to get lumped in with The Onion. He said he makes $10,000 a month from Google AdSense. He thinks that the "horrible sites" that have "no creativity or purpose" behind them should be washed out by Google and Facebook's new desire to clean up fake news, but he hopes his own sites that have "purpose and meaning" will not be affected.
We look at malware delivered by a campaign that has infected thousands of websites around the world – and the various control flow obfuscation techniques that make its analysis as interesting as it is challenging.
Last month, my colleague Sébastien Duquette detailed the home campaign, a long-lasting operation consisting of compromised web servers running a malicious Apache module named Darkleech (detected by ESET as Linux/Chapro) that redirects visitors to a Blackhole exploit kit. Sébastien stated that one of the final payloads dropped by this operation was the Win32/Nymaim downloader/ransomware family. In this blog post, we will look at the technical details of this particular malware and how it ends up getting installed on an end-user’s computer. We will also look at the various control flow obfuscation techniques that make its analysis as interesting as it is challenging.
We have collected hundreds of Pony Loader samples signed with this certificate. The fact that a self-signed certificate is used is most likely intended to make the file look less suspicious to some heuristic-based engines.
The algorithm behind the family rotation is still unclear. We can note that several Win32/Urausy samples were available from this URL, but only during the first fifteen days of July. Win32/Sirefef made its appearance in early August while Win32/Nymaim has been present throughout the monitoring period.
The HTML code, scripts and images used to render the lockscreen are stored in the “Documents and Settings\[user_name]\Local Settings\Temp” folder on a Windows XP system. To lock the computer, the malicious code will create a window covering the whole screen. It will also spawn at least two threads. One will monitor the current running processes and will terminate taskmgr.exe (Task manager) if it is active. Another one will make sure that the current desktop is the one created by the malware, otherwise it will switch to that desktop. This behavior is very similar to the Urausy ransomware described by AVAST. The US lockscreen design (retrieved 2013/08/20) is shown in the screenshot below. As with most ransomware, the images are customized depending on the infected computer location.
En Family Minion: *pant pant* Gotta make it to the others… and warn them…
Devil Nikaido: But that 9 o’clock was created as the result of changes I made to the past… It was a new 9 o’clock where I didn’t fight Haru…
Ecto.Rut - Ecto Shortcuts to make your life easier!
"It is not our role to try, in effect, to rewrite the Executive Order. ...The political branches are far better equipped to make appropriate distinctions," the court explained.
"This decision will have a lot more public credibility because it is unanimous, and I think it complicates the Trump administration's attempt, if they choose to make it, to disparage this decision as a political act," Toobin said.
So, with that in mind, the average golf course hosts about 30,000 18-hole rounds every year, and let’s make a very conservative estimate an average golfer will lose 1.5 balls to a water hazard every 18 holes. That would mean Berger would need exclusive rights once-a-year to retrieve all the golf balls from about 34 different course’s water hazards. If he does that, he’d hit his “between 1.3 and 1.7 million golf balls” figure. A bit of a stretch, but certainly doable.
The study also found that if you wanted a second date with a Republican, taking them to a fancy restaurant would make you 122 percent more likely to get that second date. Oddly, ordering sushi will make you 124 percent more likely to get a second date with a Democrat.
Mayoral candidate and City Councilwoman LaToya Cantrell has a lien on her house because the IRS says she owes about $27,500 in unpaid income taxes, The Lens reported on Friday (July 21). Cantrell told the investigative website that her mortgage lender, First NBC Bank, made a mistake that needs to be corrected.
However, Jones told Werder Bryant made no such threat, while the player himself confirmed he intends to hold out without a new contract:
On July 4, Fisher reported the Cowboys and Bryant are optimistic about getting a deal done, noting the two sides are comfortable enough to not negotiate over the holiday weekend because of a shared willingness to have a positive impact on the Cowboys for life. He also said while the structure of the potential seven-year, $100 million deal is unknown, Jones wants to make a "positive mark" on the contract.
Despite Bryant's desire for a new contract, a June 10 report from Ross Jones of Fox Sports provided comments from an agent who said teams will "likely" make stars like Bryant and the Denver Broncos' Demaryius Thomas play on a franchise deal and that it's "possible" they can get tagged next season.
The Cowboys need Bryant to be happy and on the field if they want to make another playoff run in 2015. He would be sacrificing money to skip regular-season games, if that's the route he wants to take.
Calibri made on-screen reading more enjoyable and continued so in all versions of Microsoft Office since 2007 until 2016. It may just now leave Pakistan sans Sharif.
It is a big task to try and watch any given player due to the sheer number (59 individuals at camp) of skaters, but I tried my best. I wanted to focus on the newest additions and the ones who were trying to make the team.
I am sure most of you want to know about Jonathan Bernier, Mason Raymond, and Paul Ranger. So without further rambling, here we go. Bernier was solid. His movements are incredibly poised and under control. During the second scrimmage, I am not sure he let in a goal the entire time he was on the ice. Up/Downs are so very quick, he makes it all look very effortless. Mason Raymond is a roadrunner on the ice. Absolutely one of the fastest guys on an already quick team (caveat: I said similar about Lombardi last camp). Onto Paul Ranger, who was simple and effective in what I saw, but certainly didn’t stand out in any real regard. That is a good thing in an NHL defenceman, and I cannot wait to see more from him tomorrow.
Field, who made his debut with South Sydney as a 17-year old in 1990, was promoted to captain in 1994 before he was stripped of the role in 1995 for missing a training session.
A little bit about Moab: Everyone has a second home and Moab happens to be ours. From jeeping to rock climbing to canyoneering and endless other activities, we've found our adult playground. Corona Arch is our swing set and just like our paddles, we've improved the design over the years so that its a flawless experience and not to mention very safe. We made a video a few years ago that shows what we like to do. (click the link) This is what some of our donors can have a chance of doing.
We have a new incoming president who’s fond of saying let’s make America great again. Detroit would be a great place to start.
The Allied incursion generally accomplished nothing significant in terms of either foreign relations or military success. The small forces deployed to Russia were unable to break the power of the Red Army, and simply watched as the White Army (composed of anti-communist Russians) was slowly destroyed. Worse, the Allies are said to have made and then broken numerous promises of additional assistance made to Admiral Kolchak, the leader of a "government in exile" established at Omsk following the Bolshevik revolution. John Ward, who lead the British force known as "Die-Hards," states that
[...] [the Allies'] help took the form of positive wilful obstruction. The Japanese, by bolstering up Semianoff and Kalmakoff, and the Americans, by protecting and organising enemies, made it practically impossible for the Omsk Government to maintain its authority or existence. The most that could be expected was that both would see the danger of their policy in time to avert disaster. One did; the other left when the evils created had got beyond control. Koltchak has not been destroyed so much by the acts of his enemies as by the stupidity and neglect of his Allied friends. (Ward, 1920)
“We are thrilled to add a familiar face to our organization,” said Van Stone. “Peter’s contributions to our organization both on and off the ice is remarkable. Peter has always been generous with his time and this is a great opportunity for him to continue to make a positive impact in the community.”
But the Justice Department said that whether it decides to seek a monitor to oversee changes in the department would depend in part on how willing APD was to make changes. Berry recently called on DOJ to begin negotiations for monitoring of the police department.
Federal officials made it clear that the recent shooting of James Boyd in the Albuquerque foothills by police is not part of the department’s civil findings and is being investigated separately as a criminal case. A police video recording of that shooting went viral on the Internet and ignited large street protests in Albuquerque.
“We have found monitors are critical to make sure the changes are successful,” Samuels said.
“Innovations the department has made are undermined by the lack of clear guidelines,” one DOJ official said. “When is the CIT called? Who is in charge of the scene?”
Other sweeping recommendations include the reconstruction of APD’s Internal Affairs unit and policies governing it. The DOJ, for instance, wants all department employees to be required to report alleged or perceived misconduct to a supervisor or Internal Affairs for review and an easier system for the public to make complaints.
DOJ wants the department to re-emphasize community policing after it found that department’s leadership had not made it a priority resulting in a department culture that is hostile to forming partnerships with community groups.
I wanted to make a list of possible new and unique types of CC (especially more soft types), utility and gapclosers/escapes, without the ne ed of giving everyone a leap or dash. This list can be us ed for further god design concept inspiration or as an example for how new gods could be designed without giving them everything. Especially carry’s, assassins (and mages) should been giving less (or not at all) higher tier o f CC/escapes. To create ‘balance’ b etween power, C C/utility and escapes. I would appreciated any feedback, but moreover additions and suggestions of you own, because I want to make an as complete list as p ossible. Therefore I will try to make several u pdates if needed.
The salespeople I know that produce the best results have a different set of beliefs about cold calling. Many of them know that they are good at it, and they prefer to pick up the telephone and call their prospects. Some don’t have any strong feelings for or against cold calling. All of them make calls.
You may want to believe that things have changed and that you no longer have to cold call. You may want to believe that you can gain enough prospects to make your number through social media and referrals. You may want to believe these things, but that doesn’t make them true.
What if you used cold calling along with all of the other prospecting methods available to you to build an effective prospecting plan, one that produces and develops enough opportunities for you to make and exceed your number?
This issue is caused by the Irish servers. Our clan server is for some reason migrating every evening to Ireland from Netherlands, DICE or EA hasn't given us any answer why it's doing this. When the server is in Ireland the server is lagging and rubberbanding so much that it makes the game unplayable. Is it then that Irish servers are routed badly?
Even a sudden downpour as we left and made our way to the nearest bus stop couldn’t dampen my spirits. I had enjoyed exploring the abandoned Papierfabrik Wolfswinkel so much that wet jeans clinging to my thighs on the journey home was a small price to pay.
CATHERINE YEAGER: Sandy Relief—basically, you know, Occupy Wall Street were one of the main people who started immediately knowing that Rockaway was the one that was the hardest hit. I was contacted pretty much immediately from friends of mine who are in Occupy Wall Street, like Bobby and Olivia Katz, you know, who contacted me and were reaching out and saying, “We want to bring Occupy down there. We want to help with the relief effort,” you know? And it’s—they’ve been the only ones that I—that have really helped, you know what I mean? And really been able to make real, tangible things that are going on right now.
There are a bunch that can easily be answered “No” or “Yes” just through plain reading of the text of the proposed law. There’s also a large number that would be answered “depending on local regulations,” and a few where the answer would be “Yeah, lawyers are going to make some money on that one.”
The original developer tried to make the mall into a high-priced, super luxury center that was built around Neiman Marcus, Wolstein said, but the demographics for the area are much broader than just luxury shoppers.
The U.S. Court of Claims issued a strongly worded opinion that the federal government must pay Moda $214 million it had earlier reneged on. "The Court finds that the Government made a promise in the risk corridors program that it has yet to fulfill," wrote Judge Thomas Wheeler . "Today, the Court directs the Government to fulfill that promise. After all, to say to [Moda], 'The joke is on you. You shouldn't have trusted us,' is hardly worthy of our great government."
Daley Blind's best games have served as a reminder of just how important it is to have playmakers in the back four, which is perhaps one reason why United have been so strongly linked with the Monaco right-back Fabinho -- and which makes it more surprising that he was not acquired this summer.
Assumptions are wonderful: these quick conclusions are what makes you a real expert, but sometimes they are just plain wrong. How many times did you spend hours and hours staring at lines of code and saying: "This should work!" Blinded by your assumptions, unable to see the obvious flaw right under your nose. When you finally found the error, you decide to quit your job, because of how stupid you were not seeing your mistake right away.
Should you not make assumptions then?
You should make a lot of assumptions on what caused the error. Give yourself some time (max. 15 minutes), make drawings, write your assumptions down. Which one does your intuition tell you is the correct assumption? Which ones are easiest to validate? And start validating your assumptions. Making those assumptions and validating them first, helps you reason about the structure of your code.
Other approaches are commenting out code till it works and then adding pieces back'or more modern approaches like git bisect. My problem with tools like that is that you don't learn to debug code, learn from it and thus will make the same mistakes in the future.
Run your code every time you make a significant change. Don't randomly tweak code; follow the code's execution process and validate your assumptions. Ask yourself the question: "If I change this part of the code will it result in the expected behavior?" Yes, continue with the next change. It's maybe stating the obvious but be honest are you always applying this principle?
Jones spoke with passion as she went on to say, “I’ve grown so fond of Mary Harris Jones, and in my opinion, she was one of the largest contributors for the working class in having more rights, being treated fairly, and getting laws made to protect them and put them on higher ground. And I’d like to think she had an impact on Amelia somehow.”
The impact that Amelia and Damnation has made on Jones is something she’ll take with her, both personally and professionally. “Ultimately, knowing you’re safe and ok to allow yourself to be vulnerable and exposed.”
“I thought a lot about how women could make a change back then when they weren’t given nearly the kind of platform we have now. And if it weren’t for them, we wouldn’t have these kinds of platforms now.”
This is why Michael Chessum’s article is so disappointing. Whereas the locus of purely political campaigning is constantly pulled towards Westminster, and a schedule of elections that is dis-empowering for activists, trade unionism is geographically dispersed and workplace injustice happens every day, giving activists an opportunity to make real change for the better. The biggest opportunity for building a powerful campaigning left is not to encourage Corbyn’s supporters to challenge the leadership of the unions, as Michael rather foolishly does, it is to encourage activists to join and recruit to the unions where they live and work, and to help us all together to build the strong industrial organization that can empower working people to improve their own lives.
Since my blog and books are already in Markdown, it would make sense to just stick to Markdown for notes as well.
Median household income in B.C. — meaning half of households made more and half made less — was $69,995 in 2015, Statistics Canada figures show.
New results for the stars in Messier 4 have been surprising. The stars in globular clusters are old and hence not expected to be rich in the heavier chemical elements [1]. This is what is found, but one of the stars in a recent survey was also found to have much more of the rare light element lithium than expected. The source of this lithium is mysterious. Normally this element is gradually destroyed over the billions of years of a star's life, but this one star amongst thousands seems to have the secret of eternal youth. It has either somehow managed to retain its original lithium, or it has found a way to enrich itself with freshly made lithium.
The year 2012 marks the 50th anniversary of the founding of the European Southern Observatory (ESO). ESO is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world’s most productive ground-based astronomical observatory by far. It is supported by 15 countries: Austria, Belgium, Brazil, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Finland, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design, construction and operation of powerful ground-based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries. ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research. ESO operates three unique world-class observing sites in Chile: La Silla, Paranal and Chajnantor. At Paranal, ESO operates the Very Large Telescope, the world’s most advanced visible-light astronomical observatory and two survey telescopes. VISTA works in the infrared and is the world’s largest survey telescope and the VLT Survey Telescope is the largest telescope designed to exclusively survey the skies in visible light. ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA, the largest astronomical project in existence. ESO is currently planning a 40-metre-class European Extremely Large optical/near-infrared Telescope, the E-ELT, which will become “the world’s biggest eye on the sky”.
This meant he could not afford a family holiday, but on the insistence of his wife and daughter ("You should go. It's always been your dream") he made the lengthy journey to the Spanish capital.
In Germany and Italy, there is a ban on building nuclear power stations and some environmentalists who advocate anti-climate change measures do not accept that where oil is more expensive than coal, which has a reserve life of 200 years compared with up to 50 years for oil, choices have to be made in the real world.
Enel said in 2006 when it announced the planned conversion of the Civitavecchia plant from oil to coal, that the adoption of cutting-edge emissions-abatement technologies and the increased efficiency of coal-fired plants, make the use of coal compatible with the even stricter environmental regulations that were due to enter force in 2008. "The project not only helps to reduce emission levels of more than 80% compared with the previous oil power plant but it also allows the plant working under further better conditions even compared with the emission limits contained in the VIA Decree (Environmental Evaluation Impact decree)." Enel also emphasized that the wide availability of coal in many countries and the size of estimated coal reserves, which are far greater than those of gas and oil, make it an attractive option and an essential component of a balanced mix of energy resources for power generation.
All of this will help add some structure to 2.5D packaging to enable volume production, after which Bottoms predicts the price will drop significantly, regardless of whether the interposer is organic, silicon or glass. “This is no longer just about the process node. You shouldn’t have to force memory processes on logic, and you cannot make RF on a logic process.”
“With 2.5D, you still have components integrated inside the package,” said Joey Tun, principal market development manager at National Instruments. “You’ve got integrated passive components. You also have functional density, which makes it significantly harder.”
Now, to see what has been happening during the three Modi years, let us make a point-to-point comparison of the pre-Modi base year 2013-14 with the last of these three years, 2016-17. This way we also avoid the two middle years, 2014-15 and 2015-16, which were poor harvest years because of successive droughts, and whose inclusion would have exposed us to the charge that we are unfairly blaming the Modi government for a natural phenomenon like drought.
The title is not something I just made up for attention. It is straight from the child abusing mouth of Zach Rosenberg, to and about his four year old son, now gracing the pages of the post-Matlack version of the Good Men Project. The unfortunate youngster had informed his father that he had tried to kiss a girl at school, and that the girl didn’t like it.
Morphy had an astounding memory, capable of recording every factor he deemed pertinent to his play—openings, defenses, even entire games—but he also had an intuitive grasp of the possibilities. He could visualize the board several plays deep, anticipating and capitalizing on even the slightest misstep. “The child had never opened a work on chess,” wrote Morphy’s uncle, Ernest Morphy, to the editor of chess magazine La Régence, which published one of Morphy’s early games. “In the openings he makes the right moves as if by inspiration, and it is astonishing to note the precision of his calculations in the middle and end game. When seated before the chessboard, his face betrays no agitation even in the most critical positions; in such cases he generally whistles an air through his teeth and patiently seeks for the combination to get him out of trouble.” The prodigy next took on Johann J. Lowenthal, a political refugee from Hungary who was well known in European chess circles. Morphy, in his French vernacular, described Lowenthal’s reaction at losing to him in one word: “comique.”
In 1850, Morphy registered at Spring Hill College in Mobile, Alabama. He was elected president of the Thespian Society during his freshman year and played Portia in The Merchant of Venice. He abhorred sports and tried to compensate for his slight, 5-foot-4 frame by briefly studying fencing. He played no chess in his college years, other than a few games with classmates in the summer of 1853. For his thesis he chose to write about war, a subject that, according to one acquaintance, “he brought within very narrow limits the conditions that make it justifiable. The logic of his argument would exclude forcible secession, and whether in play or in life Morphy was severely logical, even to a fault. But such a course brought consequences that preyed upon his mind.”
He stayed anyway and joined forces with Frederick Milnes Edge, a flamboyant newspaperman who began acting as Morphy’s publicity agent. Edge stirred up controversy by accusing Staunton of cowardice in the press. Staunton, who was the chess editor of the Illustrated London News, responded by suggesting that Morphy was an adventurer without the financial backing he claimed and, worse, that he was a professional, not a gentleman. Morphy tried for three months to arrange a match with Staunton but gave up in October 1858. “Permit me to repeat,” Morphy wrote in his last letter to him, “that I am not a professional player; that I never wished to make any skill I possess the means of pecuniary advancement, and that my earnest wish is never to play for any sake but honor.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what I will do: if you will play a game of chess with me, I will make it two hundred and fifty dollars.”
Israeili artist Ronit Baranga (born in 1973) uses clay and porcelain to craft some really disturbing tableware that would probably instantly make you lose your appetite.
Bloomberg did the math and determined that Christie has paid more than $8.8 billion into the state pension system since he took over as governor in 2010. That's more than double the total payments made by all New Jersey governors in the 16 years before Christie took over—so give him some credit there—but it's less than half of what the pension system needs on an annual basis to remain solvent, according to the actuaries who make such determinations.
A treasure hunter has made a discovery of two weapons which date back to the Bronze Age.
“It may be as simple as criminals finding your credit card statement in your mail or garbage, leaving your credit card unattended, hacking internet sites where you make purchases, or using a scanner to capture your credit card information.”
Pursued by cops, Jenny stumbles into a Haight street coffee shop and is saved from The Man by one Stoney, played by Jack Nicholson in a role written for himself. Jenny finds herself drawn into the pot, bead and incense mindscape of Stoney and his band, Mumblin’ Jim (who I like to imagine had a single song that made it to number 27 on the charts: “One Big Plastic Hassle”). She’s been following the clues left behind by her brother, known only as “The Seeker” by the local heads and rednecks. The other band mates, played by AIP stalwart Adam Roarke and THE MACK star Max Julian, are joined by future director Henry Jaglom as a poster artist with the most outrageous mutton chops I’ve ever seen. Rush stages their cafe conversation in a loose, casual fashion, and there’s more verite here than almost all the exploitive hippie films of the decade. They seem like actual drop-out artists basking in coffee shop lassitude. And since the filmmakers were indeed on the fringe of the industry, their self-absorbed exuberance is palatable. I also love Roarke’s rejoinder to a friend’s too obvious pot smoking in the cafe: “Man, you are totally uncool.”
Of course, what’s probably most cool about PSYCH-OUT is Jack Nicholson, in a role very much like his famous outsiders. As this was his last film before EASY RIDER would make him a star, I find this a unique, terrific performance, his method style and libertine philosophy percolating under the dewy guise of a counter-culture musician. Nicholson nails all of his dialogue, managing to rise above the exploitation elements of the film. What’s particularly interesting is that Stoney is not an idealized peace and love archetype of the era. He’s tough, cynical and pragmatic; when his band mate accuses him of seeing only dollar signs, Stoney flashes that famous Nicholson devil grin and says, “Oh, the old bad thing, the root of all evil, right?” His character wants fame and fortune, not to mention a stable of liberated partners. He’s honest about his desires, less concerned with the socio-political implications of the period. And he has a pony-tail.
Finally, Strasberg has an epic trip, effectively portrayed as a living hell, culminating with her body falling, tumbling through golden flames in a striking image. That the film ends on a bummer note is typical of the era, with the promise of Dionysus reduced to the threat of Hades. Just like THE TRIP was altered by AIP to make it seem that Fonda’s experience destroyed him (by adding cracks to the final image!), here we leave our flower children tangled in thorny vines with a tiny hope of redemption for Jenny. Or as Stoney says to Dave, “The acid has curdled and made you sour.”
I’m also big fan of iconoclast director Richard Rush, who claims to have invented the rack-focus shot, one that alternates between the foreground figure and the background figure, except he calls it “critical focus” and it’s in ample use here. Along with Kovacs’ atmospheric lighting, Rush has a gift for framing. Sometimes he goes for obvious points, like a group of hippies outside a church who just happen to look like Jesus and his disciples, but I like the attempt to make visual metaphors into social critique. He was sympathetic, but not slavish, to the youth movement.
"We have agreed to every single recommendation that they've made to divest of whatever holdings we have that might even give the appearance of a possible conflict," Price said.
He repeated that he did nothing inappropriate and pointed to disclosures he made to OGE that were signed off on in the nomination process.
"Because the agreement that we have is that she'd provide a diversified portfolio, which is exactly what virtually every one of you have in your investment opportunities, and make certain that in order to protect one's assets, that there's a diversified arrangement for purchase of stocks," Price said. "I knew nothing about those purchases."
“My background is in the Navy, and it is good to hang an admiral once in a while as an example to the others,” said Mr. Blair, who left the administration in 2010. “We were hoping to get somebody and make people realize that there are consequences to this and it needed to stop.”
Mr. Holder’s “attitude, the same as mine, was to speed up the process and make it more effective,” Mr. Blair said. “So, yes, that would mean more aggressive prosecution.”
Abbott is also facing a backbench revolt over his decision to make Prince Philip a knight under the Australian honours system, with two Queensland federal backbenchers pushing a private members bill to abolish the awards.
"I'd call on both Malcolm - who I know is not planning any leadership challenge because he gave me that assurance - but I also call on Julie Bishop to make that assurance," Mr Macfarlane said.
Mr Barnett said while Mr Abbott had made mistakes, he should remain leader.
"But I don't think we should develop a pattern in Australia where we change leaders simply because we're down in the polls or they make a bit of a gaffe."
Trump made a brief, impromptu appearance in the West Wing following the decision. His comments were recorded by the network pool at the White House.
Morley is an artist turned filmmaker whose first narrative feature Edge -- made on a micro budget -- was premiered at the London Film Festival in 2010. Her first documentary feature film was Dreams of a Life.
Since then, the billionaire has made it clear that he is not interested in restructuring the department stores but only in exploiting the workforce and further capitalizing on the attractive commercial space and real estate.
Since then, the department stores have been heavily “restructured” through personnel cuts and store closings, indicating that they are being made an object of speculation and investment for new investors. Of a total of 17,000 jobs, 2,500 will be cut.
Last May, I finally made available for download the first version of Webservice::Viddler on CPAN (Comprehensive Perl Archive Network) after having written about it in March. One of the reasons for the delay in making the packaged source code available for download had to do with one simple fact, the Viddler module was my first ever submitted for public consumption.
Secondly, I needed to organize the source code for proper distribution on CPAN as well as get the packaged distribution uploaded and made available.
Before I did anything, I wanted to make sure that my module had all of the necessary files. In doing a little googling, I came across a blog post entitled Submitting a CPAN module which outlines the basic steps:
Close, but not complete. Besides making the package useful to install, I wanted to make the code useful to modify. For that I turned to perltidy a Perl script which indents and reformats Perl code to makes it easier to read and follow.
Great! Now here is where this can get interesting (and where a lot of suggestions, if not outright rules, do exist). If you follow the steps in the order above, good, because that means while waiting for a PAUSE account to come online , proper considerations can be made for the naming of the module.
At least two bills are being filed during this state election year to make the holy book a state symbol.
"I like it. I think it's a good idea. God made us, so it's His word," she said.
…but not as wide as the margin by which Republicans disapprove. Indies are also against the protests on balance. And whites without a college degree, the group that did more than any other to sweep Trump into the White House, disapprove overwhelmingly at 28/68. Maybe Democratic leaders should balance their pro-protest stance by introducing a new bill to make flag-burning a criminal offense. You know, like the one Hillary sponsored in 2005. The Clintons weren’t above a little flag-related pandering to bank goodwill from red-state and purple-state voters. Gotta try to play both sides in the culture war to some extent if you want to win elections.
In my surgery practice in Boston, I see primarily cancer patients. When I started out, in 2003, at least one in ten of my patients was uninsured. Others, who had insurance, would discover in the course of their treatment that their policies had annual or lifetime caps that wouldn’t cover their costs, or that they would face unaffordable premiums going forward because they now had a preëxisting condition. When he was governor of Massachusetts, it was Mitt Romney, a conservative, who brought Republicans and Democrats together to make a viable state system of near-universal coverage. That system then served as a model for the A.C.A. The results have been clear: increases in coverage have markedly improved people’s access to care and their health. For the last four years, health-care costs in Massachusetts have risen more slowly than the national average—while the national numbers themselves have been at historic lows. I have not seen a single uninsured patient—zero—in a decade. And now comes an utterly reckless piece of legislation that would destroy these gains.
Like the House bill, Graham-Cassidy would cut Medicaid payments for traditional enrollees—the elderly in nursing homes, pregnant women in poverty, disabled children, etc.—by a third by 2026. A portion of the money saved would go into a short-term fund for states to use for health-care costs. The rationale is that this would give states “flexibility” to design coverage for their residents as they see fit. But the amount of funding provided is, by multiple estimates, hundreds of billions of dollars below what the A.C.A. provides. The bill also nakedly shifts funds from Democratic-leaning states that expanded Medicaid under the A.C.A. to Republican-leaning states that didn’t. Analyses indicate that states like California, Massachusetts, and New York will receive block-grant funding anywhere from thirty-five to almost sixty per cent below the health-care funding their residents would receive under current law. Much of those missing funds would be transferred to states like Texas, Mississippi, and Wisconsin. And special deals to make further shifts from blue states to red states such as Alaska are being negotiated to win votes.
Every major group representing patients, health-care professionals, health-care institutions, and insurers has come out vociferously against this plan. Governors from Alaska to Ohio to Virginia have opposed the bill. In a highly unusual, bipartisan statement, the national association representing the Medicaid directors of all fifty states has also opposed the bill. The top health official in Louisiana, Cassidy’s home state, has opposed the new plan. There is not a single metric of health or health care that the Graham-Cassidy plan makes better. This bill is a national calamity. It should not even come to a vote.
Other gyms don't go as far as barring skinny people from joining, but instead say they "target people of size" or don't "encourage" a thin crowd. "We make it known that our specialty is working with people who have at least 50 pounds to lose," Jason Burns, a partner at Downsize Fitness in Chicago, told the New York Daily News. "Most people who come here, come here for that reason." Michael Hayes, owner of Buddha Body Yoga in Union Square, said he started a yoga studio for plus-size people because he "was tired of being the biggest person in the classroom."
The Swede has made five permanent moves since hooking up with Raiola in 2004 for an estimated cumulative total of €165 million. MARIO BALOTELLI
The defender officially came under Raiola 's wing in 2009 and has since made two lucrative moves, to Barcelona and then PSG.
Moggi : "You and Ibra continue to make trouble. Don't send him to training ..."
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
After realizing it was just my fault (as normal) that the game was acting crazy, I grew to love Overwatch. When the open beta ended, I was saddened because I was too afraid to buy it knowing that I had to be careful with what money I had left. My memory is a bit iffy in the earlier months of chemotherapy, but I remember asking my dad if it was alright if I used $40 of our money to buy Overwatch. At the state I was in, chemotherapy had left me deathly ill, and my dad was more on the side of providing whatever made me happy rather than staying strict with finances and said that if that's what I wanted, then I should buy it. (It probably helped too that I didn't get anything for my birthday other than a card from my sister, so technically it can be viewed as my own belated birthday present to myself. June 4th btw!!)
During Season 2 of Overwatch comp, I made so many friends in LLA and the game itself. I made friends that I talk with every day, that I play other games with now on a regular basis, that we group up with others now and then and have custom matches and still play QP and everything together just like last year. (It's hard to do comp anymore because some of our ranks have split now, some of are in silver or gold, a few are in diamond, and myself and a best friend are in masters [[HE'S AIMIN FOR THAT GRANDMASTER TOP 500 GET READY FOR THE BEST 720ING MCCREE YOU'VE EVER SEEN]]).
After chemotherapy, there was a month break before I had about a month of radiation. Then more scans. Anyone who's ever had a PET scan can tell you all about the gross milkshake smoothie stuff they make you drink. I don't miss those at all. In January, I had my port taken out, and I was in the clear. I had spent almost a year with cancer, and I was ready to get my life back on track and start over from step 1. (rip savings..)
“These ‘sponsored posts’ were in direct violation of Federal Trade Commission guidelines on disclosing material connections between advertisers and endorsers,” the suit alleges. “Social Media ‘influencers’ made no attempt to disclose to consumers that they were being compensated for promoting the Fyre Festival. Instead these influencers gave the impression that the guest list was full of the Social Elite and other celebrities.”
An agreement with Philadelphia restaurateur Stephen Starr to provide gourmet catering was canceled on April 2 after the organizers failed to make payments, an employee familiar with the transaction said. Starr confirmed in a statement that since April, it had “not been involved with, or provided any services in connection with, this event.” Bloomberg reports the organizers balked at the six-figure estimate given by Starr.
A committee has already been formed to sift through hundreds of these outdated legislations that make little, or no, sense in modern India. The Law Ministry lists about 203 laws that were enacted a 100 years ago. Some of these have been repealed, but many continue to be around complete with mentions of the East India Company and “Her Majesty.”
Whereas a website can track a customer who doesn't make a purchase, physical stores have been struggling to perfect this kind of research, Biggar said. By combining the data from FootPath with their own sales figures, stores will have better measurements to help them improve the shopping experience.
Last year, hackers hit AT&T, exposing the unique ID numbers and e-mail addresses of more than 100,000 iPad 3G owners. To make it harder for hackers to get at this information, Path Intelligence scrambles those numbers twice.
Researchers at Penn State University said they’ve made a big advance.
To achieve their breakthrough, the scientists first corralled quantum atoms into a 3D array. To construct it, they used beams of light to trap and hold the atoms in a cubic arrangement of five stacked planes, much like a sandwich made with five slices of bread. Each plane had room for 25 equally spaced atoms; in all, the arrangement formed a cube with an orderly pattern of individual locations for 125 atoms.
Movistar made its rather contrarian decision not to return to the Tour with Quintana last fall, something that appeared to catch even the team’s budding star by surprise. Even into January’s Tour de San Luís, which Quintana handily won, he was still holding out hope that he could race the Tour again, as he would like to.
To make sure he’s prepared for the pavé waiting in stage 5 of this year’s Tour, Valverde was one of a few Tour GC favorites who decided to skip the Volta a Catalunya, instead racing in Belgium for a taste of cobblestones.
Bern, Switzerland is fourth, while Bordeaux, France (No. 6) and Edinburgh , UK (No. 7) also make it to the top of the charts.
Baliyatra, meaning a ‘Voyage to Bali’, is a festival celebrated every year in coastal Orissa on Karthika purnima, the Full moon day of October-November to commemorate Orissa’s glorious maritime history. Masakapan Ke Tukad, is a Balinese festival where toy boats are floated in memory of maritime ancestors. Loy Brah Prahdip or LoyKrathong, meaning ‘the floating of lamps at night’, is a festival of Thailand that is celebrated in December (twelfth month of Kartika). During this festival, little rafts, made of plantain stems and decorated with flags, paper umbrellas, incense sticks, and lighted candles, with offerings of food and flowers, are set adrift on the river by people living near its banks.
Toy boats, made up of paper or banana peels, lit up with candles are floated on water, accompanied by blowing of conch and an occasional burst of crackers. It is a pretty sight to watch thousands of boats with blinking lights floating on the river at night, before they are swallowed up by the tide.
Dyer later testified that prior to the sheriff's arrival, he walked up behind Sawyer. He was rubbing his head with both hands and suddenly jumped up and said to himself, "I will cut your god damn heads off." At the same time, he made striking motions with the axe and began hitting the piles in front of him.
In the weeks that followed, he displayed a fascination with the case, and wrote many letters to the police, investigators, and family of the deceased. This aroused suspicion, and a private investigator wrote back to Reverend Kelly, asking for details that the minister might know about the murders. Kelly replied with great detail, claiming to have heard sounds and possibly witnessed the murders. His known mental illness made authorities question whether he knew the details because of having committed the murders or was imagining his account.
In this post I am going to use Ansible, which is one of the popular orchestration tools nowadays, to install a node.js application, with all its needed components. To make it a little more fun I have chosen a chess game application that is based on https://github.com/benas/gamehub.io – a real-time multiplayer game server based on node.js, Express, SocketIO, MongoDB and ElasticSearch.
Ansible works by pushing commands to servers through SSH connections, it is an agent-less tool that doesn’t require a daemon or an agent running on the remote destination, which means all you need to start using ansible is the tool itself and an SSH network connection. This makes it very simple to deploy in most enterprise environments as SSH is already setup for most of the infrastructure.
Later we will see that Ansible uses the YAML language to write its own tasks and instructions, which makes it very easy to read and use.
Before starting with the tasks that will create the droplets, make sure that dopy is installed:
The rest of the roles are very simple. They basically install each tool and start it, except for MongoDB it will modify configuration file to make Mongo listen to any traffic coming from the private network.
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article? Then sign up for our writers workshop! Know way too much about a random topic? Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow!
Early skateboards were crude, with wheels made of metal and then clay. As board designs advanced, incorporating urethane wheels and improved trucks, increasingly difficult tricks became possible.
During an appearance Monday at the Little Rock Touchdown Club — coincidentally, exactly a year after Orgeron was named the Trojans' interim head coach — he made it clear that he wants to coach again. His rambling speech, peppered with anecdotes, delivered in that familiar, gravelly Cajun drawl, could easily have served as a pitch to an athletic director or a search committee.
Orgeron says he learned plenty from mistakes made his first time around as a head coach, when he went in with the hard-charging, ultra-aggressive mentality of a defensive line coach. The story might be apocryphal, but it's been told often that in an early team meeting with the Rebels, he tore off his shirt.
Plus, there’s the fact that Marie uses her social media to impart negativity and make fun of people: there is nothing at all acceptable about that. Marie attempted to justify this when she wrote, “Yes, in an effort to add colorful context I’ve made fun of people’s on screen words and behaviors. I never made fun of or “attacked” any of the other ladies for anything they’ve done that wasn’t directly related to something aired on the show, nor have I asked anyone else to do so on my behalf.” Anyone who has checked out her social media profiles knows that this is not at all accurate, unless Marie just has a very different version of the word “attacked.”
Zervos is seeking an apology and $2,914 in damages, claiming that Trump defamed her when he ridiculed sexual misconduct allegations she made against him in the weeks before the presidential election as "all made up," adding: "Lies. Lies. No witnesses. No nothing. All big lies."
Zervos had alleged in October 2016 that Trump groped her and made other unwanted sexual contact multiple times during a business meeting at a hotel in Beverly Hills, California, in 2007.
In the document, dated to June, the EU is accusing the U.S. of not meeting the level of liberalization of past trade deals or even some of its commitments in the WTO’s General Agreement on Trade in Services. On the movement of people, the EU is demanding that the U.S. make commitments at least to the level of the GATS. It also wants the U.S. to remove U.S. citizenship requirements that many states have for the incorporation of insurance companies or membership on their boards of directors.
In financial services, the EU wants Washington to drop its reservations about allowing foreign firms to provide housing finance products, and in telecommunications, Brussels wants the U.S. to remove equity caps and make market access commitments on mobile, satellite and other basic telecom services.
The farm also has a German stone barn that will be renovated so Weiss’ assistant, Asha Gala of Califon, can host cooking demonstrations and other programs. For the ones who can’t make it to the farm, though, the doctor will go to them and education on the benefits of a plant based diet is the first step in the process.
Isco has made only two starts for Madrid this season and said this week he would consider his future if coach Zinedine Zidane continues to ignore him.
Spurs are believed to have enquired about the Spaniard in the closing days of the transfer window but neither party made a decisive move.
Given our common experiences, I am convinced that we should act together on climate policy. Unpredictable monsoon rains and the melting of glaciers in the Himalayas will have an impact on the lives of millions of people in India. The glaciers are receding in Switzerland too, which has an influence on water management and energy production. The thawing of the permafrost will make our hillsides more unstable which in turn poses a threat to many villages and valleys. It would, therefore, make sense to further deepen cooperation in the areas of climate change and sustainable development.
[L] isten to the words of former United Nations climate official Ottmar Edenhofer: "One has to free oneself from the illusion that international climate policy is environmental policy. This has almost nothing to do with the environmental policy anymore, with problems such as deforestation or the ozone hole," said Edenhofer, who co-chaired the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change working group on Mitigation of Climate Change from 2008 to 2015. So what is the goal of environmental policy? "We redistribute de facto the world's wealth by climate policy," said Edenhofer. For those who want to believe that maybe Edenhofer just misspoke and doesn't really mean that, consider that a little more than five years ago he also said that "the next world climate summit in Cancun is actually an economy summit during which the distribution of the world's resources will be negotiated." Mad as they are, Edenhofer's comments are nevertheless consistent with other alarmists who have spilled the movement's dirty secret. Last year, Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of U.N.'s Framework Convention on Climate Change, made a similar statement. "This is the first time in the history of mankind that we are setting ourselves the task of intentionally, within a defined period of time, to change the economic development model that has been reigning for at least 150 years, since the Industrial Revolution," she said in anticipation of last year's Paris climate summit.
Also dead or almost dead, given the multitude of “investigations” pending, is her claim that the Russians did it. If you care to know the way in which this was confected and how stupid and counterfactual this is, the very best explanation is here. The meticulously documented timeline makes clear that “the corruption and manipulation of the 2016 election (and the months afterward) were the result of Leftist chicanery and not the fault of the Trump team.”
This weekend marks the death of Strikeforce, and after the promotion’s final event most of the fighters are expected to make their way over to the UFC. I say most and not all because there are many who are fighting for their jobs with Zuffa this weekend, but there have already been a few who have been assured that they will move over to the UFC win or lose on Saturday night in Oklahoma City.
Daniel Cormier won the Strikeforce Heavyweight Grand Prix and after he beats journeyman Dion Staring into a pulp on Saturday night, he’ll cross over to the UFC an make an immediate impact in the heavyweight division. Cormier has already expressed an interested in fighting former champ Frank Mir at the UFC on FOX 7 show in his native San Jose this April, so if Mir is healthy by then this fight makes perfect sense. Should Cormier defeat Mir in impressive fashion, there’s no doubting that he’ll be ready for a shot at the UFC heavyweight title. Yes, it’s presently owned by his teammate at AKA Cain Velasquez, but there’s no guarantee that Velasquez holds the belt six months from now, because he has Alistair Overeem waiting in the wings as a challenger, as well as a possible trilogy fight against Junior dos Santos should Overeem fall to Antonio “Bigfoot” Silva at UFC 156.
With his incredible wrestling, speed and power, Cormier is a stylistic matchup nightmare for anyone at heavyweight in the UFC. Yes, he’s not the tallest guy for the division, but he makes up for his lack of size by being fast and super athletic, and if he drops to light heavyweight like he’s said he’s been contemplating, I’m afraid that the weight cut would take too much of a toll on him and he won’t be as effective. Either way, of all the Stirkeforce champs, I believe that Cormier has the best chance to win a UFC title, and even if he doesn’t, he’ll beat most guys in the top 10 of the heavyweight division.
"Elections Canada has now confirmed that at least 127 late polling station changes were made during the recent election, affecting as many as 1,000 polls," Dean Del Mastro, the parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Stephen Harper, told the House of Commons last Monday.
"We contacted our supporters to make them aware of those polling station changes so they could cast their votes."
"While calling Conservative supporters and encouraging them to vote we wanted to make sure they knew where to go," he wrote in response.
Get beachy by tying driftwood around IKEA’s HEMMA or JANUARI lamp bases. To make the base blend in, you can paint it beige-gray.
To make this fun little shelf, you’ll need to buy an IKEA STATLIG board, an EKBY BJARNUM shelf holder, and some paracord and steel washers.
There are a number of ways to hack IKEA furniture for your pets—some of which we've already featured—but few are as cool as this elaborate hamster habitat made out of the 5x5 EXPEDIT.
"We have a lot of work to do together," he told cheering delegates. "We're going to canvass until our feet hurt, and when our feet hurt, we'll pick up the phone. ... We're going to do it because five million Minnesotans need a voice in Washington and they don't have one in Norm Coleman." In a passionate acceptance speech, Franken said he offered the combined ability to take Coleman to task while laying out a hopeful vision that would propel Democrats to reclaim the Senate seat once held by DFL icon Paul Wellstone. Republicans ready Republicans were ready with a line of attack that pegged Franken as their "dream candidate." State Republican chairman Ron Carey said that Minnesotans would not be fooled by what he called an "eleventh-hour apology made out of political necessity." Carey hinted broadly that the GOP would have additional revelations about Franken, who has taken a pounding in recent weeks for tax problems and for his often profane style of humor. Franken said that further broadsides against him reflected an effort by Republicans to make the race "about anything but Norm Coleman's record." Franken came into the convention on Friday dogged by controversy over a soft-porn parody written for Playboy in 2000 and an earlier skit involving an imagined rape that he once pitched during his "Saturday Night Live" days. Some Nelson-Pallmeyer supporters took defeat hard. As Nelson-Pallmeyer gave a concession speech Saturday, a young supporter wearing a green-and-white campaign shirt and a headset stood in the back of the hall, accepted hugs and cried slightly. She raised her hands high above her head as Nelson-Pallmeyer finished speaking. Asked by a reporter whether she could comment on the defeat she bowed her head. "I'd rather not, I'm sorry," she said. Speaking to reporters shortly after endorsement, Franken again acknowledged that he wasn't "a perfect person." The coming campaign, he said, should revolve around the issues that matter to Minnesotans. But few expected that Franken will be able to avoid continuing attacks on past writings that some have found demeaning to women. State Rep. Nora Slawik, a delegate and early supporter, wondered aloud whether voters would be as forgiving of Franken as party activists.
"We know we're going to be on defense with Franken," she said, her mouth tightening with worry. "Will that hurt us? I support him, but I do worry." U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who had remained neutral throughout the Senate contest, had publicly urged Franken to apologize. After his endorsement, she sought him out on stage and held his hand aloft in a gesture of solidarity that brought thunderous applause from DFLers. "We're going into this unified," said DFL state party chair Brian Melendez. But two of Franken's earlier critics, U.S. Reps. Betty McCollum and Jim Oberstar, were notably absent from the stage when Franken accepted the endorsement. Mari Urness Pokornowski of Cokato, president of the DFL Feminist Caucus, resigned Saturday when she learned that her group had endorsed Franken. As a mother and former teacher, she said, she didn't see how Franken's writings represented rural Minnesota values. The endorsement, she said, "was a choice made by the caucus, and once that decision is made, you have to make a choice where you stand, For me, my decision was to step down." Years of work paid off With red, white and blue confetti fluttering down, pounding rock anthems and an all-star line of DFL officials, Saturday's endorsement was a stark contrast to last week's far quieter, uncontested Republican endorsement of Coleman. Energized by a day of spirited exchanges, some delegates wasted little time in jumping on the Franken bandwagon. As Nelson-Pallmeyer was giving his concession speech, Diana Slyter of Minneapolis was busy pinning a blue-and- white Al Franken button atop her Nelson-Pallmeyer shirt. "Now, Franken's endorsed. I'm supporting him," she said. She also held two large Franken campaign signs. "I'll put these on my [motorcycle] sidecar," she added. Franken had built a strong grass-roots campaign before his entry in the Senate race, launching a Midwest Values political action committee that raised money for DFL candidates across the state as far back as 2005. On Saturday, connections forged over years paid off.
The recovered documents did not contain a traditional sample size calculation. This was likely because of the lack of a prespecified primary endpoint. We did recover multiple power calculations with different endpoints and assumptions, which provide ranges for adequate sample sizes. For example, based on epidemiological associations between serum cholesterol and coronary heart disease events in non-randomized cohorts, the MCE investigators applied the Cornfield equation [risk = k(serum cholesterol) n ] to predict that between 2490 and 11 645 participants would be required to “obtain a difference in 5 years significant at the 95% confidence level” with α=β=0.05. 19 Based on the rate of strictly defined deaths from coronary heart disease observed during the MCE observational phase, and the elimination of all participants staying in the hospital less than a year, the estimated duration of the experiment required to assess the efficacy of the intervention was 3.6 years (with α=β=0.05). 20 These calculations were made to allow 95% power; typical β used in randomized controlled trials today is 0.20, which allows for 80% power.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
"Everyone on that field is a public servant," Trump said. "Their sacrifice makes democracy possible."
Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said that one of his aides, Zack Barth, was shot, but "is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery."
After the gunfire stopped, Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said he ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise's aide. After medical personnel arrived, he said he retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify her of the shooting. He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Investigators who linked DNA from Occupy Wall Street protesters to a murder scene in New York City recently admitted that they had made a mistake. No one was put behind bars, but all too often, they are. A piece of legislation proposed yesterday seeks to end wrongful convictions through better forensic science.
“To ensure justice is being served, we want law enforcement and forensic practitioners to work alongside scientists and researchers to make sure that forensic evidence stands up to scientific rigor,” said Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson (Democrat–Texas) in an official statement.
From the Alps of southern Bavaria, this yeast produces a beer that is well balanced between malt and hop character. The excellent malt profile makes it well suited for bocks, dopplebocks, and Oktoberfest-style beers. A very versatile lager yeast, it is so well balanced that it has gained tremendous popularity for use in classic American-style pilsners. Also good for helles-style lager beers.
I’ve been pleased with my decision to stick with this yeast, as it has a performed well for me in a variety of different lager styles, but it’s true that alternatives exclude and I began to wonder if I might be missing out on something special by not playing around with other lager yeasts. One such strain I’d been hearing a lot of positive reviews about from brewers I know to make great lagers is WLP838 Southern German Lager yeast due to its tendency to leave a bit more malt character and a touch of sulfur in beer. White Labs‘ description of WLP838 is as follows:
My Impressions: Out of the 4 semi-blind triangle tests I attempted, I was correct 3 times, which surprised me given how similar the beers were in all respects. The only thing I felt made the beers discernible was my perception of a very slight sulfur character in the WLP838, which I was looking for since I noticed it in earlier samples of the unfinished beers. I truly don’t know if I would have been able to tell these beers apart if I wasn’t so intimately acquainted with them. Regardless, both were fantastic and I was happy to have them on tap!
After a disastrous ice age caused by our attempts to fix global warming, the last survivors of humanity live in a handful of bases. And to make matters worse, there are zombies.
Not quite science fiction or fantasy: In Saving Mr. Banks (Dec. 13) we witness the miracle of Walt Disney convincing author P.L. Travers to let him make Mary Poppins. In The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (Dec. 25), Ben Stiller plays a guy who escapes into daydreams and then finds a real-life adventure.
In Part 2 of episode 25, join your hosts Rob Galluzzo, Ryan Turek, Elric Kane and Rebekah McKendry as they welcome on special guests Chela Johnson and Garo Setian from Lionsgate! Chela is the Vice President of marketing in Home Entertainment and the one that helped make this Vestron line a reality! And Garo is an in-house editor for Lionsgate and has been the man behind hundreds of trailers, TV spots and promotional videos, including the new trailers for the Vestron Blu-Ray releases.
We delve into their history with horror and Lionsgate. Discuss the first 6 titles in the Vestron Blu-Ray library, which consist of CHOPPING MALL, BLOOD DINER, WAXWORK 1 and 2, RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD 3 and CHUD II: BUD THE CHUD. Not only do we learn about how this line came to be, but we make suggestions for titles we'd personally like to see.
The company, which has about $13 billion in outstanding debt, now figures it could make more sense to sell the team and license broadcast rights from a new owner, Rogers CFO Tony Staffieri told a UBS investor conference in New York on Tuesday.
Overall, the plan is positive and “an important step for national climate change policy,” Berkeley professor Meredith Fowlie, one of three lead authors, tells NBCNews.com. It can be made more cost effective, the professors said, if states work together in regional carbon trading programs, or even a national program, where states heavy on carbon can pay states low on carbon to take some of their emissions. In the long run, this cap-and-trade system can bring emissions down across the country, the experts said.
And since those plants account for 40 percent of all U.S. CO2 emissions, the plan could make or break the new U.S.-China goals: by 2025, U.S. emissions would be at least 26 percent below 2005 levels — tightening the previous goal of a 17 percent cut by 2020. China would boost renewable energy to make sure its CO2 emissions peak by 2030, the first time it has accepted such a cap.
The Supreme Court “has also made it clear that EPA can't just do whatever it wants,” he says. “It can only impose regulations that are based on the specific provisions” of the Clean Air Act, and those have “nothing to do with what EPA is now proposing.”
Urban designer Howard Blackson said a “nutty lady” pulled a knife on him once, but he said the park is better than before: “It’s OK to not mindlessly booster our city because we’re confident enough to take criticism and use it to make improvements.”
“(We’ll) continue to operate it as a world-class urban space and we'll be assessing over the next year the success of that and make sure that Horton Plaza is the gem that it was always intended to be,” said David Graham, the city’s deputy chief operating officer.
It’s been the go-to place for protests, celebrations, presidential speeches and countless photo ops. But its half-acre size made it too small for major events and gatherings, its formal layout more pretty than practical.
Todd Idziorek, 52, who lives elsewhere downtown and drives catering delivery trucks, said he witnessed stepped up police patrols make arrests and ticket people for smoking, fistfights and a man bending over the interactive fountain with his pants down.
"We gotta get better. I mean, it's obvious, it's kind of a no-brainer. We just gotta get better. We just gotta stop giving up the big plays. We make the good plays, and then we give up some bonehead type plays, you know?"
"It doesn't just fall on the corner. The pressure falls on these inside linebackers and the guys playing underneath it," Saints coach Sean Payton said when asked why there has been so much inconsistency with New Orleans' pass defense after they made a switch to more man coverage with a single-high safety.
"Yeah, that's something we definitely take pride in (making the opposing quarterback uncomfortable) and have to do a better job of. Clearly it wasn't enough last game," Jordan said. "Zero sacks, a couple hurries, some pressures, but not enough to really make the quarterback worried about what we're doing and where we are."
"You never want to lose one, especially to the team we just lost to," Jordan said. "You say you face elite talent every week, but we made Mariota look way, way, way better than we should have. That's just something that you have to stomach for the week."
This is in the context of recorded history, of course, as it’s a safe bet that some demi-celestial nutter from Ancient Greece would have made Cyr look like a malnourished glamour model.
If you enjoyed reading this post, would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie? The goal is $50,000, and to date, 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $36,348! Just $5 or $10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift! Click here to donate today!
And hey, if you've made it this far, why not follow us via RSS, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr?
Now you know why Pope Francis pushes so very hard for “all the world” to take in these illegal Muslim migrants. He’s getting paid millions to do it. Someone once said that when something doesn’t make sense, there’s a buck in it. In this case, there were 79 million of them.
“Submillimeter wavelengths, which are in the range of very high-frequency radio, give us a way to measure the quantity of many different kinds of molecules in a cold gas. We can scan through all the plumes to see what’s coming out from Enceladus. Water vapor and other molecules can reveal some of the ocean’s chemistry and guide a spacecraft onto the best path to fly through the plumes to make other measurements directly.”
In an interview with MTV News, the actor - who played Michael Bluth in the Fox comedy series - admitted that while the script for the big-screen adaptation has yet to be completed, he feels confident that series creator Mitch Hurwitz will make sure the project comes to fruition soon.
Study finds how much fat a person needs to lose to make them look more attractive.
Administrators Stefan Grand-Meyer and Dr Olga Suvorova tell Kim Hill they hope the project will make the Treaty more accessible to migrants who live here and encourage a better understanding of it internationally.
Considering how many times the work of Stephen King has been adapted for film and TV over the past 40 years, it may seem surprising that it's taken this long for The Dark Tower to make the jump. As can happen with some titles, The Dark Tower has been through various filmmakers' hands and studios in the past decade alone; in 2007, a film adaptation was going to be directed by J.J. Abrams and written by Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof of Lost, and a few years after that, Ron Howard was going to take the helm. The just-released feature film, directed by Nikolaj Arcel, suggests this much, unfortunately: The Dark Tower may not work as a movie.
However, the relative brevity of Dark Tower masks the genuine problem at its core: This isn't a straight-up adaptation of King's first story, The Gunslinger. Instead, it's a kind of sequel/reboot, focusing not on Idris Elba's heroic character Roland Deschain but squarely on the tortured boy Jake Chambers (Tom Taylor). In this version of the story, Jake is haunted by dreams of another dimension, known as Mid-World, and of Roland and his immortal foe, the Man in Black (Matthew McConaughey). Eventually, Jake finds his way into Mid-World at the center of the battle, in part because he's gifted with psychic abilities known as "the shine" (one of a number of references in the film to other King works). Jake functions very clearly as an audience surrogate, encountering Roland and the Man in Black after a surprisingly long buildup. While it makes sense to ease unfamiliar audiences into the world of Dark Tower, this choice also suggests a timidity on the writers' part to dive straight into the weirdness of King's stories.
There are parts of Dark Tower that work onscreen, such as a brief moment where we see Roland pause and carefully listen to the air around him before he aims to kill a bad guy who is hundreds of feet away. Casting Elba was the shrewdest decision involved with making this film, as he makes far more out of his diminished role than the script does. But every other choice surrounding the pic suggests that someone — the studio or the filmmakers or someone else — was just so intent on making a Dark Tower adaptation that they were less worried about handling the time-spanning source material correctly. There's still a good story or two to tell in this universe, but this film sets things back.
Until the Illinois General Assembly makes any changes, the optional loyalty oath will remain part of election law and continue to be issued to candidates, Illinois State Board of Elections General Counsel Ken Menzel said.
“I think that the loyalty oath is a reasonable thing. If you refuse to sign it, the people should know your feelings,” he said. “If you don’t or can’t (sign it), people should know it and they can make their decision.”
Taiwan's constitutional court heard today a case that could make it the 1st place in Asia to allow same-sex marriage https://t.co/wwfhP7ytUh pic.twitter.com/FrRDhBJLmm — AFP news agency (@AFP) March 24, 2017
At the core of the debate is an article of the civil code defining marriage as an agreement made by “male and female parties.” Plaintiffs are challenging the constitutionality of such article: according to Taipei Times, this would make Taiwan the first Asian nation to agree to a constitutional interpretation on this issue.
The Commissioner also noted “the high levels of barbarity and cruelty” of such crimes. “There must be no impunity,” he added, “and reparation must be made to the victims and their families.”
McFeely quoted Bremer as saying: “I make it a practice to go in the clubhouse every day and go down on the field, so if a player has a complaint about something I’ve said on television they have that opportunity. I was confronted in the clubhouse in the last homestand. I didn’t say what I wanted to say, which was, ‘Well, play better and the commentary will be more positive.’ You can’t mask the fact this team is a quarter of the way through the season with 10 wins.”
McFeely wrote: "The bad baseball continued Wednesday in another (of course) loss to the Tigers. The Twins made three errors and committed a number of other miscues. Front and center was left-fielder Eddie Rosario, who was pulled from the game in the seventh inning after trying to steal third base with the Twins down four runs. Earlier, Rosario missed a cutoff man and it led to a Tigers run.
This year is a unique one in political history in that it will mark the first time ever that many high-dollar GOP donors have decided to opt out of a presidential election. If they had bothered to look at the political science scholarship about televised campaign advertising, they’d have made this decision long ago.
Of 40 different advertisements studied, 15 of them actually made poll respondents less likely to purchase the product or service being hawked. By contrast, only 13 companies saw an increase in persuasion. The rest saw no significant effect of any kind. That means that 68 percent of Super Bowl advertisements either hurt the brand paying for it or do nothing at all to help it.
According to the UCLA-Stanford study mentioned earlier, the people most likely to sit through television political ads are what the authors termed “low engagement” individuals, people who don’t really care about politics and don’t vote. The next group most likely to tune in are “high engagement” voters, political junkies who already have their minds made up.
The study’s authors summarized their findings thusly: “Since the low engagement voters probably will not turn out to vote anyway and the high engagement voters likely made up their minds long ago, it is bad news for the candidates that the group they most need to sway is the group most likely to censor them.”
Of the few ads which are actually watched and paid attention to, most of them don’t really do much persuading. Instead, they simply make partisans of each side feel good about themselves. Television advertising is particularly ineffective when an incumbent whom voters already know and have likely formed their own opinions about is on the ballot.
Franz and Ridout’s research also indicates that a campaign’s reliance on outside groups to provide funding for ads generally support of it can dilute the overall message and thus make the expenditures less effective. This dynamic was at work in the 2004 campaign against John Kerry, in 2008 against John McCain and in the 2012 campaign against Mitt Romney. By contrast, winning candidates George W. Bush and Barack Obama both controlled their messages and their fund-raising.
3. Claims made by Republicans in advertising are frequently derided and declared to be “lies” by left-wing journalists who have anointed themselves to the public as objective “fact checkers.”
A study conducted by the Center for Media and Public Affairs found that PolitiFact, a frequently cited website by journalists and campaigns, was more than twice as likely to rate claims made by the Romney campaign to be “false” compared to claims made by the Obama campaign. A separate analysis by the University of Minnesota found that PolitiFact was three times more likely to describe statements made by Republicans as “false.”
On Iran, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney suggested that the U.S. government should make it “very clear that the United States of America is willing, in the final analysis, if necessary, to take military action to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.” Little did Romney realize that the AP is the final arbiter of America’s tactical military capabilities and can say with certainty that a military attack on Iran’s nuclear program should not be attempted. “The U.S. certainly has military force readily at hand to destroy Iran’s known nuclear development sites in short order. This is highly unlikely, however, because of the strategic calculation that an attack would be counterproductive and ultimately ineffective, spawning retaliation against U.S. allies and forces in the region, and merely delaying eventual nuclear weapons development.” Also fortunate for the savvy news consumer, the AP apparently has a better grasp of what America’s intelligence agencies do and do not know than Newt Gingrich, a man who used to be third in line for the presidency and has received countless classified intelligence briefings. At the debate, Gingrich suggested that there was room for improvement at America’s intelligence agencies, and noted in particular that we don’t have a reliable intelligence operation in Pakistan. The AP sprang to the defense of the CIA: “The U.S. killing of a succession of al Qaeda figures in Pakistan, none more prized by America than Osama bin Laden, demonstrates that the United States indeed gets vital and reliable intelligence out of Pakistan. While it may have been true when Gingrich left government in 1999 that the CIA’s spy network was limited, since 2001 the agency has dramatically expanded its on-the-ground operations worldwide,” the AP “fact check” concluded. The fact that bin Laden, the most wanted man on the planet, was living in a compound in Pakistan possibly for years may seem like a sign that our intelligence sources in the country leave something to be desired—but guess again, Newt.
Whether or not Julie is an actor or a real person, the concerns expressed in the ad are valid. It is true that once the law went into full effect, Obamacare did prompt at least some employers to stop paying for their employees’ medical insurance. As left-leaning writer Sarah Kliff admitted in 2011 it would make some sense for employers since “dropping coverage is a pretty decent deal: A company would see its health care costs reduced by over 40 percent.”
Just as no amount of Pepsi advertising dollars will ever be able to convince Coke drinkers that they should switch beverages, Right-leaning philanthropists need to realize that no amount of money spent on campaign ads is somehow going to make Americans become more conservative.
The re-launched one rupee notes will be made up of 100 per cent cotton rag content. It will weigh 90 grams per square metre and have thickness of 110 microns.
The GOP’s current leader for its presidential nomination, Donald Trump, has made many comments suggesting, for example, that Muslims be registered in a national database and issued special identification noting their religion. Trump has also urged that U.S. mosques be closed.
In the 2012 lockout shortened NHL season, fans of hockey saw a few outbreak performances from some unknown goalies. Household names like Henrik Lundqvist and Jonathan Quick continued to be great netminders, while others like Sergei Bobrovski and Craig Anderson almost came out of nowhere and stole the show. Storylines from Bobrovsky winning the Vezina trophy, to Marc-Andre Fleury falling apart in the playoffs made this season a unique one for goaltending.
Pavelec has been very inconsistent in net for Winnipeg, and i seriously considered leaving him off this list. His .905 Save % was the lowest of his career last season, and this up coming season will be make or break for the Czech netminder.
Dubnyk has been highly criticized by many Oilers fans, but is young and can grow as the team should make the playoffs this season. This next Edmonton season is a deal breaker with Devan, and if he doesn’t improve will have to look elsewhere for a goalie.
Even though I’m high on Bernier, I believe there are many good goalies and it shows in his ranking. He can be a number one goalie, and this season is his time to shine. This may have been the only good move Toronto made this off season (It was).
“I don’t know how to make tofu!”
The tofu is pressed. Now what? Make a marinade! You can scour vegan cookbooks and websites/blogs for great marinade recipes but why not make something that tastes good to YOU? All you need to start is
Then you take it from there. I have tried things like miso with date syrup and pumpkin. Tuesday I made this:
“Our vision, together with Lisk, is to increase the visibility of this important platform. We aim to keep user needs at the heart of our approach and to make Lisk even more accessible to regular Internet users,” said Maik Fahldieck, Founder and Managing Director of Taikonauten.
The overuse of certain antibiotics has dulled their ability to fight infections, leading to such maladies as untreatable “super gonorrhea.” When world leaders gathered in Germany for the first-ever G20 Health Ministers meeting in May, they called for a “coordinated global response” to antibiotic resistance, currently “one of the biggest threats to global health.” But in stark contrast to the G20 leaders’ efforts, President Donald Trump and Republican lawmakers in the United States are instead proposing to make deep cuts to, and in some cases eliminate, the federal programs focused on battling this resistance.
Ever heard of Pine Mouth Syndrome? It’s this strange condition some people get when they eat pine nuts — in the opinion of some, though, it only happens with pine nuts harvested in China (which account for most in the US market). In 2010, we made some pesto, but I was the only one who ate it. I had this awful metallic taste in my mouth for a couple of weeks. (“Metallogeusia” is the condition of having a metallic taste in your mouth). We found out later, at our food co-op, that some people have had these complaints with Chinese-grown pine nuts. They switched back to the more expensive European pine nuts, and had no complaints. If you read the linked-to article above, you’ll see that scientists have been able to find no chemical difference between pine nuts that trigger metallogeusia, and those that do not.
But I wonder if the small number of people who are subject to metallogeusia in Lunesta are also subject to same in Chinese pine nuts? (N.B., this week my wife made a chicken, spinach, and pine nut pie with Mediterranean pine nuts. I ate two pieces, and nothing happened.)
Then I came up with how I was going to make the toy hammock. The cost for me to make this hammock ended up being under $5. I also have enough “netting” to make 7 more.
How to make a toy hammock:
Continue threading yarn through entire length of folded netting keeping the netting on the needle. This allows you to keep the fabric bunched to make it easier to finish the ends.
Wrap the yarn completely around the fabric about 5 times. Make sure there is enough slack in the yarn to be able to fit the hook though and not too much slack to put all the weight on the inside stitch. Wrap the ends underneath the 5 layers a few times to give you a good spot to hang on the hook and tie off the ends of the yarn. This is what will hold the weight of everything in the hammock so make sure there are enough layers to hold the desired weight.
Measure the height of the pencil marks and make adjustments as needed so that the height is even.
Add dangling pompoms to the ends. These are super easy to make as well.
You would think that for something to be called a ‘national value’ it would be enshrined in the life of, and championed by, that nation to an extent where the rest of the world would recognise it as quintessentially so, right? Let’s assume that by ‘values’ we mean ‘moral principles’ or even vaguer, a moral ‘framework’ or ‘compass’ – or how about ‘a shared moral understanding.’ It’s not too hard to think of nations that explicitly claim these, for example the French revolutionary ‘Liberte, Egalite, Fraterne’, the South African post-apartheid ‘Rainbow Nation’ ideal, the USA’s equally revolutionary ‘life, liberty and the pursuit of property’ (taken from John Locke and slightly re-worded to equate property with happiness). No matter how far short any of these countries fall from these, they have been universally recognised and constitutionally enshrined in each to make it plain to their own citizens and to outsiders: this is the substance of who we are.
But, undeterred by any actual meaning, still those politicians love their British Values, because it’s just so bloody convenient for them. It allows them to be so very vague about what their principles actually are while at the same time managing get all misty-eyed and patriotic about their country. In the ever-narrowing centre ground of mainstream parliamentary politics, it’s the perfect platitude, an uncontroversial way to say “I like good things, I don’t like bad things, and I threaten no-one.” That is until recently. My hope is that now several issues, not least the independence referendum, can lead more and more people to reject British values, or more accurately to question if national values actually have any use or make any sense at all.
It is with some irony then that the Daily Mail earlier this year attacked the deceased academic Ralph Milliband for hating British values. Ed Milliband was stuck in a situation where he quite rightly wanted to defend his father’s memory and challenge the outright lies in the Mail, while still wanting to claim access to and sympathy for those elusive nationalistic values of your plucky, Mail-reading Brit, the very things they accused his father of attacking. So he made his argument on their terms. According to Ed his father, like him, adored British values. He fought for Britain in the war. He lived and worked in Britain for the vast majority of his adult life, and raised a family in it. He watched Dad’s Army. He ate Fish N’ Chips. I’m sure Ed would have claimed his old man read the Daily Mail if the ‘Marxist’ and ‘intellectual’ prefixes so often accompanying his name didn’t each by definition disprove it. The fact that those prefixes alone adequately explain a value system which led him to fight fascism in Europe is also a little inconvenient.
He was defining ‘British values’ as deference to Britain’s ruling-class institutions. To them, if you don’t show that deference to the institutions that rule you, not only are you not British, you in fact hate Britain itself, enough to leave “an evil legacy.” Which is ultra-conservative ‘cult of the pharoah’ stuff, but at least gives us an answer for what these values we’re so often preached to about actually consist of; we now have at least one view on what they are that we can categorically reject. And not only is this the only explanation of substance that I have ever heard, it does make sense as a definition. Those institutions which put the ‘Great’ into ‘Great Britain’, long may they rule over us, may represent the exact opposite of the values of a lefty like me, but they were the real decision-making architects of the Empire. Whether we want to be or not, being ruled over by them is definitively what every British person has in common.
So in this case, it’s easy: I denounce British values. They do not apply to me whatsoever. They don’t apply to anyone I know, quite possibly to anyone I’ve ever met. I want the institutions which define them to be constitutionally separated from the state that I take part in electing at the ballot box, and the people of the country that I live in to be sovereign. I have a fantastic opportunity to help that happen soon by voting Yes. But say the Daily Mail definition isn’t correct, and like Alistair Campbell claims, these are the wrong British values, then still all that we’re left with are those platitudes of the careerist politicians frightened for their Westminster salaries and second homes. We have a choice between a highly authoritarian cult of the elite and screeds of nicey-nicey nothingness. And I denounce those British values too. I denounce the British values of ‘common decency’ and ‘fair play’ when they are used in this context to say absolutely nothing and serve only to get in the way of what is actually at stake in the world. I certainly don’t hate Britain, but it makes some kind of sense to me if this means that I don’t have a British identity – and so be it.
I’ve heard that in an independent Scotland we will be able to come up with new values. That’s exciting, but I’d rather the values of our new constitution were more outward-looking and avoided platitudes which amount to saying “we’re nice here.” Do any supposedly national values really speak to the specific character of that given nation? The real reason that the French, South African and American examples I gave have force isn’t, unfortunately, because any of them are greatly accurate defining characteristics of those places today, but because they all came from a place of rejecting a previous tyranny and giving birth to new societies by defining themselves directly against it. We do indeed have an opportunity to start something new, so let’s try to make it mean something.
Values are essential, they can and often do mean something. I’ve recently had cause to try and re-assess what my own values could be. For one aspect of my life it’s quite simple. I’m a musician, and since my early teens my approach to the music I’ve made has always been informed by the values of punk, even if the music itself isn’t traditional punk rock. Here’s the way that I see them; you can Do It Yourself, rough edges show your character so are a welcome and happy accident rather than a mistake, the influence or aspiration to money or fame should be distrusted, please yourself with anything you do first and foremost, if what you do starts provoking or rubbing people up the wrong way that should be embraced, and that a general anti-authoritarianism should be accompanying all of this. I often feel old fashioned when I say stuff like that, but when any of these values are challenged that’s usually the basis for me disapproving of other music, if I do.
Those values don’t belong to a creed or a nation and without being in any way prescriptive they apply to me in a very practical manner. They have guided a great deal of what I have done in my adult life, and I found it surprisingly easy to just detail what they were. Although I’ve always played about with Scottish imagery, and you’d certainly never hear me say that I enjoyed seeing Gascoigne scoring against the international football team I support, Scotland, I’ve never written anything that could be called nationalistic because I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing so, it’s not me, and it doesn’t fit with those values I’ve had since I was a wide-eyed wee boy just trying to make as much noise as I could. I intend to vote Yes and I am not a nationalist. Furthermore, and it may sound odd in a climate where even every No campaigner is clamouring to drape themselves in the Saltire, I would not even describe myself as particularly patriotic. I love and feel a deep connection to a great deal of Scottish culture, I am proud to take part in it in my own small way, it burns at me when our culture is denigrated, but I can also think of many things that us Scots should collectively be thoroughly ashamed of (sectarianism and an odd and prevailing sort of pride in our violence and our alcoholism spring to mind). I also feel a connection to English culture. Just like a famous German Jew who lived in London once did, I can try to lend weight to the argument I’m eventually going to make here by quoting Shakespeare on money (“Thou common whore of mankind, that put’st odds / Among the rout of nations”) and feel I’m pulling from a shared cultural understanding in doing so. I just think that the best way that this particular piece of the world can be governed is if the people that live here have the ultimate say on it.
I’ve experienced this planet’s wrath first hand ... well, wrath is too strong a word, and so is firsthand for that matter. I’ve experienced this planet’s harassment, from a slice of pizza getting soaked by a sudden rainstorm to a sunburn that left me unable to put on my shirt when I was a child. Living with this planet is like living with an alcoholic. It makes me wonder if the climate change is man-made or another mood swing by this ball of gas.
The planet needs to realize that this is a two-way street. You throw earthquakes, that’s fine. We all get crazy. I get it. But without us, you’d be like Mars: an empty planet that gets excited because somebody discovered a little bit of water. Don’t forget: we made you just like you made us. We need each other. And guess what, beautiful planet – you’re not that beautiful. A couple of mountain ranges, a Grand Canyon and maybe a few waterfalls ... but the rest of you is plain Jane or unattractive. I’d give you a six or six and a half, so get over yourself.
“This is a case where the creator takes a video, makes money from it and doesn’t pay a penny [to the owner],” she said in her opening statements. “Without these videos, his show wouldn’t even exist.”
As YouTube, and other major media companies, have come forth to make statements in favor of backing creators, violators like SoFlo have begun to backoff. Various MCN’s in the space also confirmed that SoFlo has reached out to retain back-licenses for clips he’s used without permission. SoFlo’s videos have resulted in over 85 million views on YouTube and an estimated $20K a month in ad revenues.
SPICER: Yeah, yeah. Thank you. The president made it very clear — I think he tweeted about this earlier — his priorities have not changed. There will be a wall built. It’s important to prevent human trafficking, gangs like MS-13 from coming into the country, the flow of illegal drugs, illegal immigration. There is a national and economic safety issue by having a wall that ensures our country’s safety, and there’s plenty of planning that can be done in FY17.
SPICER: I, I think we’re going to make — we’ve made our priorities very clear, as we continue to negotiate, and I think nothing has changed on the president’s priorities.
SPICER: Look, we’re going to — I’m not going to get — there are — we’re still in discussions with the House and Senate leadership, but I think the president’s been very clear that he wants a wall. He wants it done as soon as we can do it. He has — there are things that we need to do to protect our country, like human trafficking, the flow of illegal drugs and gangs, that are going to make sure that while we’ve achieved a significant drop in illegal alien border crossings — down 61 percent since January — this is something that’s in our country’s long-term national security interest.
SPICER: No, that’s — it’s not a question of wait until the fall. I think there’s a lot of things that have to happen. It’s like any construction. Well, you’ve got to start doing some planning and things. And, so, we will take the first steps now and then we will continue to seek funding through the FY18 and further budgets to make sure that the actual — it is completed.
The researchers trained 6- to 8-year-olds in mental rotation, a spatial ability, and found their scores on addition and subtraction problems improved significantly. The mental rotation training involved imagining how two halves of an object would come together to make a whole, when the halves have been turned at an angle.
She makes it clear at the outset what kind of aid she means. She does not mean humanitarian or emergency aid, mobilised in response to calamities; she does not mean charity-based aid, given to specific organisations and people on the ground, in order to achieve specific things (she sits on the boards of several charities, one of which distributes antiretrovirals); she is hopeful about a new attitude to food aid, whereby the money is used to buy food from farmers within a country, and then distribute it to those in need, instead of flooding the place with foreign food that undercuts local growers. What she means is "systemic aid", the vast sums regularly transferred from government to government, or via institutions such as the World Bank. (Full)
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
Moscow said the comments were made by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov during a telephone conversation with his US counterpart Condoleezza Rice.
Russia and China supported Serbian President Boris Tadic when he made an impassioned appeal to the Council at Tuesday's meeting.
This important resolution recognizes that how a transgender person transitions is a decision made between a patient and their health care provider, and is unique to each person. It also supports what we all know to be true – that in today’s world having identity documents that accurately reflect who you are is vital in order to access basic things like housing, employment, and health care.
Holder said it was time to nix laws that disenfranchise those who are no longer under state or federal supervision. He called restoring the right to vote a fundamental part of the prisoner reentry process and said denying voting rights makes it more likely former inmates will commit future crimes.
Indeed, when I analysed my research, I found that pain-killing and sedative drugs, particularly at high levels, seem to make it less likely that a patient will have an NDE.
Another theory is that near-death experiences are caused by endorphins, the opiates made by the body itself. But long-distance runners have high levels of endorphins — and none of them have experiences comparable to NDEs.
Now, she says: ‘I know for certain we do meet our loved ones eventually. It’s made me a better person and I try to do at least five kind things a day for other people.’
For some, their experience of what has been described as ‘unconditional love’ makes them re-evaluate what they do with their lives.
Kim Phan: "We are trying to make sure we are doing what’s best for StarCraft." Text by TeamLiquid ESPORTS Graphics by shiroiusagi
Kim Phan: Well, first of all we took a look at all the years and what people liked and the StarCraft community is so amazing—from the players, to the influencers, just everyone involved is very vocal about StarCraft and is very passionate about it, so we hear a lot of feedback—and it’s great to be able to receive so many thoughts and a lot of that is taken into account, when we make changes.
For 2016 we knew it was going to be the Legacy of the Void launch year and that was a great opportunity for us to think about how we continue growing StarCraft eSports, especially as new players come in to try Legacy of the Void, and the games changes as well with different units that are added. That was almost like another chance to say: Hey, what does the StarCraft landscape look like in terms of competitive play, what is the meta? And I think we wanted to make changes, which would allow more people to compete and enter the system. So how were we able to improve that?
These are probably the biggest reasons behind these changes and we thought with Legacy of the Void was a great opportunity to do a change like that. What else did we consider? We could have made not a lot of changes at all, but then it probably would’ve taken longer to get players inspired to compete.
Kim Phan: Yes, we did consider so many options and this was one of the things we considered as well. But—as you mentioned drastic changes before—we thought going back to a system from 2012 would have been too drastic. Also in order to put together 2012 we had to get a lot of events from all over the world together and from the feedback we got about this it was really hard to follow. It was great for the people who followed their own region and got to see their own heroes, but to follow the stories from across the world was really difficult for a lot of people. So that was something we were mindful of. How can we make the stories easy to follow? So the system now—although it seems like it has two different stories—provides one story here. So you are still able to see Stephano do his flag waving, like Lilbow did now. So I think we have a little bit of a mix of both now, because our Championships will be at live events, so we have more of those moments, but they all have to compete against each other to see who is the best.
Kim Phan: I think every time you introduce change it takes a while for people to form a decision about it. And I will admit we changed WCS year after year, it’s always been different and the community has been very patient in letting us try things and giving feedback. So I can see why it may be challenging when you are really invested into one format and then another change happens. But we really want to do it right and create a system that can continue and be easy to follow, and so we continue to make improvements. And I think we just expect there to be different voices. We are trying to make sure we are doing what’s best for StarCraft and what’s best for the players.
usopsama Profile Joined April 2008 6487 Posts Last Edited: 2016-03-07 08:48:11 #11 We are trying to make sure we are doing... what’s best for the players.
We are trying to make sure we are doing... what’s best for the players.
We are trying to make sure we are doing... what’s best for the players.
You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.
So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. Writer also known as TripleM | @TL_TripleM
You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.
So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think. You need teams with the right amount of infrastructure and logistics to actually keep up with a long-running league, and in the best case these teams should be more or less even in skill and player numbers, so it makes for a competitive tournament.So yes, there are more teams outside of Korea than in Korea, but the number of teams fullfilling the requirements for such a league is quite small I think.
Don’t coupley photos like this just make you sick? Half sick with envy, and half sick with plain nauseating cuteness. This is Keisuke Jinushi, a bright-eyed young lover, obviously infatuated, being lovingly hand-fed and spoiled by his devoted girlfriend.
▼”Oh, you have some ketchup on your face!” (giggle) Note the glazed look of joy as his girlfriend wipes off the sauce, about to lick it from her finger and kiss him to make sure none is left.
▼Pro tip: it’s best to add a retro filter, or take the picture in cutesy Instagram style to make it a real “girlfriend” pic. There are tons of smartphone apps that will make your pic super-cute!
"It makes you wonder if somebody was trying to prove a point,” Kemp said.
"We just need to ask the new administration to take a look at this and make sure that we get the truth the people of Georgia are deserving to know that and really demanding it,” Kemp said.
In an account provided to Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) in June — but made public only last week — the whistleblower said Alex Copson, a top official at ACU Strategic Partners, bragged on Inauguration Day about his relationship with Flynn, at one point flipping around his phone to reveal the text about the deal to build nuclear plants across the Middle East. The whistleblower also said Copson said sanctions against Russia would be “ripped up” to make room for the deal. But in a letter to Cummings dated Friday, Thomas Cochran, a top ACU official, said the whistleblower’s account was inaccurate, attaching AT&T phone records that he said show Copson did not get a text from Flynn that day. […] He said that text was from a friend who attended the same function where the whistleblower claimed to witness Copson’s boasting.
“It seems that there’s a computer that makes most of the decisions for you — it changes a lot of the rules, it removes a lot of the skill,” said Ken Koury, a competitive Monopoly player and coach who informally settles rule disputes for others. “With this computer, I’m wondering what’s left for the player to decide — is it they just keep pushing buttons and wait for someone to win?”
The adherence to rules also speeds up the game and makes it more interesting, she said. For example, if a player lands on Marvin Gardens but decides not to buy it, the rules mandate that it be auctioned off right away — but a lot of players do not know or do not follow that rule.
The computer also tracks how fast or slow play is going, and may intervene to make it lively. If, say, very little property is getting bought, it will announce an auction in the middle of turns.
“Being able to negotiate with others, make up your own rules, argue with other players, that, to me, is part of what makes it a successful social game,” he said. The tower is “more of that blind adherence to following orders, versus being able to figure out and learn the game for yourself.”
Location: Tours begin at the Wamsutta Club, 427 County Street An elegant pre-tour brunch at the Wamsutta Club will be served on Sunday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., along with a holiday raffle and silent auction of beautiful gifts, art, antiques and handcrafted items. You will be inspired by the varied architecture and interiors, all beautifully decorated for the season. Always popular on the tour are the costumed historic interpreters greeting visitors at one of the historic homes. Reservations recommended but not required. Call the Wamsutta Club directly at 508-997-7431 to make your reservation.
– Buzzards Bay Coalition’s Wheeler Bay Learning Center (114 Front Street) to learn all about plankton. Discover what makes this beloved cartoon villain and microscopic organism so important to your everyday life. You’ll also get the chance to build a plankton ornament and walk away with some big love for some small creatures. 5:00 to 8:00 p.m.
At the last minute, when it seemed that a break was inevitable, the Greek government made a new proposal which included substantial additional concessions to the demands of Europe’s bankers and capitalists. It is not only that the Syriza government has been forced to abandon substantial points of its own election program, but even the famous “red lines” have been crossed.
In reality, what this means is that within the limits of capitalism, there is very little room for implementing any other policy, other than cuts and austerity. From the very beginning, Syriza’s Communist Tendency warned that the Thessaloniki program was based on the false idea that the troika would agree to make substantial concessions. Now this has been proven to be a correct assessment.
What the experience of Greece in the last five months demonstrates is that if one accepts the logic of capitalism then that is a slippery slope towards implementing austerity policies which make workers pay for the crisis of capitalism. The only way to break with austerity and cuts, to put an end to the Memoranda, is to break with capitalism.
This is called coin-picking , and it is one of the reasons that smart contract implementations on top of Bitcoin have been so difficult up to this point. A coin output must be either spent completely or not spent at all. What we’ve done with this account abstraction layer is make it so that smart contracts on the blockchain have something similar to a wallet. When a user (or another contract) sends coins to a contract, the code will create a standard “funding transaction”, which is spendable only by the appropriate smart contract. It would be a great burden for smart contracts to have to pick their own coins (i.e., having to write your own algorithm in Solidity), so we have added a consensus-critical coin picking algorithm which all contracts must use. So, for a contract to “send 5 coins to X”, the miner will pick contract-owned coins (using the consensus-critical coin picking algorithm), and when it has enough inputs for the value to send, it will then construct the outputs of the transaction. In this case, it would be “5 coins to X, remaining coins to sending smart contract (change output)”. This transaction is then added to the current block. It’s important to note that these transactions are not broadcast on the P2P network, they are only added by miners (and it is consensus-critical that they add them if they put the contract transaction in the block)
So how does climate change affect the ocean? Well, the ocean is warming up, and a warm ocean doesn’t take in as much oxygen from the atmosphere, for starters. There’s the whole sea level rising issue, which is just way too big to go into here. But possibly the most concerning part of the whole thing has to do with phytoplankton, which are one of the smallest, most prolific, and really fucking important creatures on earth. If you believe National Geographic, “fish, whales, dolphins, crabs, seabirds, and just about everything else that makes a living in or off of the oceans owe their existence to phytoplankton, one-celled plants that live at the ocean surface. Phytoplankton are at the base of what scientists refer to as oceanic biological productivity, the ability of a water body to support life such as plants, fish, and wildlife.”
What does it all come down to? Well, more and more, it seems we’re already too far gone. Every day, we’re passing tipping points. Long, who seems a little frustrated that no one in charge is listening to him or anyone else that has been screaming about a host of environmental issues, made his point very clear. “This inexorable force of human-induced warming will clearly result in widespread ocean deoxygenation in the future,” he said.
Despite having so many things wrong with me, I never would have agreed that food would make a difference. If someone said, “You should try eating better.” I would have thrown a shoe at them. I have an imbalance in my brain, it’s not a food problem! Or, is it?
A lot of people stress out about books and recipes for their chosen elimination diet, I didn’t have the headspace for that. I got a list of what was “allowed” on Autoimmune Paleo diet and I just started cooking with only those ingredients. I know which meats, veggies and spices I can have and I throw them together in one way or another. After I got to a point where I felt better, I would try and add things in. Bell peppers didn’t make the cut but hummus did, I use it as a salad dressing :). If you need help getting creative in the kitchen, I highly recommend watching episodes of Chopped, a cooking competition where the chefs are forced to cook with weird ingredients (and a normal pantry.)
Have a static grocery list, make 5 copies, magnet them to the fridge.
Ahead of my Saturday grocery shopping I decide what I’m going to have for meals for the entire week. I try to design a lunch meal that’s interesting enough that I won’t get sick of having it 5 days in a row. I want it to have a lot of nutrients because dinner is with the whole family. I pretty much let my boys decide what I’m making on the days they’re with me and sometimes there are no vegetables on the table :-0 and there’s even, gasp, pasta. Good thing is when I’m making salad for lunches, I can make extra salad mix for an easy dinner salad if I want to. And, I know if I’ve got a nutrient filled lunch, one dinner of only buffalo style chicken wings isn’t going to derail me (and yes, butter and hot sauce are both tolerated – at least for wings – woo hoo!).
Another great reason to plan your menu for the week is that you’re only buying the ingredients that you’re putting on your grocery list to make those meals, which will save you money. You’re no longer standing at the open fridge in the evening, exhausted, trying to make sense out of all the food in your fridge to pull a meal out of it, which will save you stress.
Meal prep is exhausting. There’s really no mincing words about it. You’re giving up ALL your weekend time where you could be doing something for you and instead you’re menu planning, grocery shopping, washing, chopping, cooking, storing and cleaning. Seriously, what kind of a masochist is into that? 😉 Well, going back to Tip #1, I am. Honestly, if plate spinning made me feel better, I’d be spinning plates until my arms fell off, wait, that would defeat the purp… nevermind. Do your darn meal prep. Force yourself to do it! Being able to just throw your lunch in your work bag FIVE days a week, and have a great meal at least once a day, will pay dividends that you must remind yourself of, on Sunday when you’re finishing up, instead of sitting down.
My knife, peeler, strainer and storage containers are another story. Fortunately someone gifted me with a set of Cutco knives a few decades ago and those suckers are still amazing. Sent them in a year ago for sharpening and for $7 I got back sharp knives and even a replacement pair of scissors. Can’t say enough good things about them. They’re selling them now at Costco I noticed but, they’re lifetime knives, so I won’t be needing replacements. I like my fat Kitchen Aid peeler, it’s easier on my weak hands. My Nuwave Ovens give me grilled outside food right in my kitchen, without overheating the room. The Debbie Meyer green boxes are amazing, having fresh fruit and salad on Thursday that you made on Saturday is just priceless.
Crunchy. Chip crunchy. My kingdom for chip crunchy! That’s what I lamented when I first started AIP. Then I found Dang chips, which are just coconut. Plantain chips. Munch munch. I found other snacks, sweet potato chips made with coconut oil and no added garbage. The internet is also a treasure trove of treats that aren’t cheats. Yes, these diets are hard, so it’s good to treat yourself.
Facebook and Instagram are great resources for food plan support, recipes and ideas to make things more efficient.
Fortunately for me, my hubby is down with eating AIP, so I don’t make different meals for us but, he’s certainly not down for conversations about food, or what it does for you.
You can find the products I use to make things easier in the kitchen, in my Amazon Store you do not pay any more shopping from my links but your doing so will support my site :).
The president-elect’s new tone will unlikely have an effect on the growing anti-Trump demonstrations across the country, which seek to address the Republican's inflammatory comments toward women, Muslims, Hispanics, and African-Americans on the campaign trail. Mr Trump has not yet made any attempts to backtrack on the remarks he made on the campaign trail and when the Journal asked if his tactics were inappropriate, he simply replied by saying, “No. I won.”
After all, she had sworn an affidavit recanting her allegations 17 months after she made them, then recanted that recantation at trial.
It’s probably the most fundamental right of an accused person — the right to completely answer and respond to each and every allegation made against him.
As citizens of Earth, we have layers of identity that make us unique from those around us as well as affiliating us with certain groups. Religion usually plays an important role in forging our personal identity. In developed countries, you don’t necessarily have to subscribe to a particular organized religion, although the same is not true in countries where theocratic governments demand that their citizens pledge allegiance to a particular faith. Moreover, the law in these societies doesn’t permit people to convert from one religion to another—such governments often have a declared state religion that allows adherents from other traditions to join, but not the other way around.
In the purest sense, to be a Buddhist means to be someone who follows the teachings of Shakyamuni Buddha, such as the Noble Eightfold Path. Some might say that taking the vow of refuge is a bona fide initiation that renders someone a Buddhist overnight. This makes the process sound quite simple. Usually, performing a refuge ceremony can be done in less than half an hour, but is the ceremonial repeating of the vows after a Dharma teacher and receiving a symbolic haircut sufficient for someone to be transformed into a new Buddhist? Most ordinations in the Buddhist tradition require preparatory steps before one can even become a candidate. And there must be proper intention and right understanding about the path that one is preparing to embark upon. Merely participating in such an initiation ceremony is not the complete rite of passage to becoming a true student of the Buddha.
We truly believe in Tower Unite and we will do everything to see its creation. That's why we're currently looking into alternative options to help make the project a reality.
We are very excited about this project and we hope you will follow us in the future and help make Tower Unite a reality. This project can only happen with your help.
Tower Unite isn't going away, we will press on and do everything we can to make it happen. We will be adjusting the funding target for Tower Unite on our next campaign.
We can't give exact dates yet, but we will make an announcement soon. Be sure to follow our Twitter, sign up to our mailing list, join our forums, and like us on Facebook.
There are two reasons I am picking "All the Little Things..." (besides the fact that it is a very good article). One of them is that the generation of small, incremental, and largely "fair" advantages is my favorite aspect of playing Magic. I love deceiving my opponent and walking him into unexpected traps, or building my deck in anticipation of commonly played answer spells; I hate slow, reactive, "sit-there" cards but I love "proactive defense" or "aggressive reaction" like playing Faith's Fetters instead of Circle of Protection: Red or choosing Shock over Volcanic Hammer because I suspect opponents might run a Spell Snare. I'm not sure if this makes me a Jonny or a Spike but I love to win by being clever and wily and one step ahead, and I think that this article can help people to think a bit farther down the road then they normally do when preparing for Constructed, to their benefit. The other reason I picked this article is because they rebooted the forums and it lost most of its original posts (which if memory serves were generally positive), so I wanted to give "All the Little Things..." another chance at community life.
To give you an idea of its eventual significance, Trix was instrumental in getting any number of cards banned in Extended, even before the most recent rotations. Mana Vault, Dark Ritual, Demonic Consultation, and eventually Necropotence itself were all shown the door because the deck was so good that almost nothing could compete with it. Trix made for an un-fun Constructed season.
Many Rakdos mages in Charleston made the same choice, and they for the most part said that the combination just didn't come up. Were they aware of the danger? Of course they were! Patrick Sullivan once flipped his Hit // Run and was forced to Hit his own Maher in order to preserve any chance to win the game... which he did. Even given the danger of the interaction, the ability to take out Simic Sky Swallower and punish his master for a couple of extra points (like, say, half his remaining life total) was too much to pass up for a risk that was never going to punish Terry or the others anyway.
No one is saying you leave in Hit // Run against Ghazi-Glare... But it proved a fine spell in the main, and let's remember Terry had probably the best overall Swiss record of the largest Pro Tour in history! In fact, it is all the little things, like bravely playing two seemingly disparate spells next to one another to form a more powerful deck that can sometimes give you the edge you need to succeed in tournament trials. Anyone can win a blowout, and most people know how to take advantage of a manascrew, but it is the little things that often draw the line between early exit and tournament victory. This article is dedicated to discussing some of those small elements and explaining why they make sense in the current Standard format.
Certainly the recent Howling Mine decks would rather get, um, any other pairing than a burn or Boros or Zoo deck, but it is very interesting to look at the card outside the context of those decks. For instance many Standard Blue decks spend all kinds of mana on their own turns for Jushi Apprentice, Compulsive Research, Tidings, and even Invoke the Firemind. The majority of Standard Black decks have this awful 2/1, sort of like a personal Howling Mine, but one that makes you pay eight life to flip over your anti-Howling Mine card (see above). The point is other decks put tons of effort and main phase mana into their draw engines... Howling Mine equalizes the board. Frankly a B/W deck can't kill Howling Mine, at least in the main - they're pretty much stuck with it. All of a sudden you are keeping pace with Maher and Compulsive Research and they have so many cards they are discarding.
There was a short window when the Standard 'Tron decks - especially those with Breeding Pool for Simic Sky Swallower - were playing no basic lands at all! Why would they? By the time we hit the Top 8 of U.S. Nationals, Tim Aten and Ben Lundquist made a little change and were running two or three basic Islands each. Why would they?
Zoo designers have identified a great big weak point in their strategy: Dissension's Spell Snare. While it is basically impossible to make a Standard deck that doesn't give the Snare, arguably the best card in the format, something to kill, they have rallied to the cause and tried as much as possible – that is, without losing their awesome Watchwolves or Lightning Helixes – to play around this card. Perhaps the most rewarding Zoo returns come in the mirror, when the opponent waits until the attack to try to burn an oncoming creature... only to eat an extra three from that lowly Giant Growth.
This was really puzzling to me when he brought it up. Barring the awesome combination of Paladin en-Vec plus Umezawa's Jitte, Lightning Helix is like the best card in the deck! It burns! It keeps you alive! It makes for great television! As usual, Pat, the quintessential Red Deck player in the United States, had a really good reason: If you cut Lightning Helix, you have all even damage.
For Hidetsugu's Second Rite to work, and by "work" we mean "completely annihilate the opponent," he has to be on exactly ten life. When you have some even and some odd damage sources, it can be very difficult to put the opponent to exactly ten. Pat's "unthinkable" strategy just made it less difficult for him to sculpt the game state where he could successfully fire for ten.
With Coldsnap, Remand is a cool combination with Mishra's Bauble, too. With two mana, you play Mishra's Bauble and Remand it. You spend nothing (Mishra's Bauble and the Remand replacement come back to your hand), and you can still re-play the Bauble. Why would you want to do this? It's not quite the classic Urza's Bauble or Lodestone Bauble and your own Arcane Denial, but there are certainly weaker plays to make than digging though your deck cheaply. Once you've actually sacrificed the Bauble, this play feels very much like a two mana Inspiration.
One of the strong artifact interactions of the Kuroda-style Red deck that Josh Ravitz used to make Top 8 of last year's U.S. National Championship was Sensei's Divining Top plus Shrapnel Blast. Josh would flip the Top, and with the draw on the stack, sacrifice the Top to face the opponent for five. This didn't net card advantage, but it kept him even because even though the Top didn't actually make it to the top of Josh's library, the game still gave him a card. Two mana to deal five damage to a creature or player with no drawback and digging a card deeper in your deck? This is the kind of "little thing" that you have to know to get maximum advantage from your cards.
The NYT’s Jennifer Steinhauer reports on an Explorer Scout program, indoctrinating training American youths — some as young as 13 and a half — to preserve the Empire, which of course means learning how to shoot brown people from poor countries trying to make a better life for their families and learning how to destroy lives by perpetuating the war on drugs.
The paper report that Costa's transfer could be made official within days, and importantly the striker has suffered no injury setbacks at least.
There are many possibilities, so please share your thoughts. I would like keep the price to the bare minimum (i.e. production costs) for everyone, so I am thinking something I could make with my sub-decent photoshop skillz, or if you submit your own work, please only do if you are content with a heartfelt thank you in exchange.
Ernest Hemingway is the most prominent writer ever to have called Toronto home, however reluctant he was to recognize the city as such. He didn’t achieve fame until the 1926 publication of The Sun Also Rises, two years after he quit his post at the Toronto Daily Star and moved to Paris. Nevertheless, his life in Toronto and the journalistic work he produced here offer an interesting—if unflattering—glimpse at postwar Toronto in all its sanctimonious frigidity. Not only that, but Hemingway’s dispatches for the Star make evident the evolution of the writer’s signature terse, bold prose.
Of course, Hemingway had never fought with the Italian forces. He had been a volunteer ambulance driver with the Red Cross. He was handing out chocolates and cigarettes to Italian soldiers when his leg was seriously wounded by mortar fire. After extensive surgery and a long period of convalescence, he was sent home to the United States, having served for two months. This, however, did not make for a good story. So Hemingway procured a custom-tailored Italian officer’s uniform and cape, and made up a better one instead.
The principle under which the circulating gallery is operating is this: the young matrons select the pictures they wish from the rich, semi-starving or impecunious artists, depending upon the degree of the artist’s modernity and his facility with advertising, and pay ten percent of the picture’s assessed value. They then have possession of it for six months. The present scheme has been for each of the young women to have two pictures and after their kick—to use a slang phrase—has worn off, or after it has become so intensified as to make an exchange advisable, to trade with her nearest fellow member of the gallery.
He was feeling a strange tight feeling inside himself and he was seeing things. He saw broad fields sloping away and he smelt the odor of bacon being fried early in the morning. He heard the pounding that thoroughbred horses’ hoofs make as they sweep down in a pack toward a fence and he saw that glimpse of a pleasant country that a man gets as he is on rises over a fence full in a pounding gallop. He saw a big square bed with linen sheets and a small boy tucked in the bed listening while someone sat on the bed and stroked his head and talked to him. And he saw a small boy rising early in the morning and going downstairs to start out across the frost-rimmed fields with his dog and his gun.
Sooner or later you know that you will hear it. Before the evening is over you are confident it will make its appearance. It always does. It is the thousand-time perpetrated Toronto-Hamilton gag. Usually it comes out like this. First Comedian: “Do you live in the city?” Second Comedian, hitting him across the face with a sausage so the audience will not forget that he is a comedian: “No, I live in Hamilton!”
Combining the principle of comic violence with some really snappy local dialogue, visiting comedians should be able to add the desired “hometown” stuff to their performance without employing the old Hamilton wheeze. These are offered as suggestions to any members of either voadveel [sic] or the legit who care to make use of them: This would be very funny: First Comedian: “Have you a mayor here?” Second Comedian: “Ha, Haw!” First comedian then hits second comedian with a chair, knocking him over the footlights into the audience. Cheer after cheer rocks the house.
He found little time to write fiction, and Canada offered him no inspiration. In December, he resolved to leave. But before tendering his resignation, Hemingway decided to make his feelings known to Hindmarsh. According to newsroom legend, Hemingway typed out a long and scathing letter, taped the sheets of copy paper together, and posted it on the newsroom bulletin board for all to see. Farcically, Hindmarsh pretended not to notice the letter, which is reputed to have been 16 feet long.
Doctors must inform patients seeking abortions exactly how much money the clinic made from abortions within the past year, and how much money the clinic stands to lose if the patient chooses not to get an abortion. In case it’s unclear, the point of this is to warn patients that there is a “conflict of interest” involved in providing abortions because clinics can make money from them. This is ridiculous because any medical procedure can make money for doctors and hospitals.
The energetic ideological base of the Republican Party is a nationalist, identity-politics movement for relatively well-to-do older white Americans known as the “tea party”. The tea party is interested in bald eagles, American flags, the founding fathers, Jesus Christ, fighter jets, empty libertarian rhetoric, and other markers of “authentic” American identity and supremacy. That America is “a nation of immigrants” is a stock piece of American identity politics, but the immigrants that made America America were, well, not Mexican, and spoke English, or at least Pennsylvania Dutch. Sorry Mexicans! Even if each element of immigration reform, taken in isolation, is agreed to be a good idea by a solid majority of Republican voters, Republican politicians must nevertheless avoid too-enthusiastically supporting this package of good ideas, lest they fail to project sufficient appreciation for the importance of keeping America American and putting Americans first.
7. This baby duck was born with a deformed leg. So, rather than give him a peg leg or letting him suffer, science has found a solution. Using a 3D printer, people made a mold for a silicone prosthetic leg and foot for Buttercup. All the feels for this one.
The thing is, it sounds a lot like BDSM. However, my experience has taught me that I can’t trust that Christianists aren’t lying when they say stuff like “consensual”, and there is a question of whether a lifetime’s worth of being told that this is the natural order of things leaves a person in a position to meaningfully consent or not. However, giving the women involved in this the benefit of the doubt, I see nothing on their website about wives who want to exit this “consensual” arrangement, or merely drop that aspect of it without getting a divorce. I also see no mention of safe words and very little in the way of safety instructions to keep husbands from going too far (I suppose god will stop them?), which means it is very, very, very not BDSM. Essentially, as a Dom/sub relationship with a religious play component, this could be really hot. As a lifestyle with no escape routes, no safety instructions, and no apparent care for the lives of women who get into this other than value paternalistic nonsense, it sounds both dangerous and abusive, despite claims that it is not (because saying that something is not abusive/racist/homophobic/otherwise awful totes makes it true).
AMD is back in the desktop CPU game with its Ryzen family of processors, thanks to successes with per-core performance and energy efficiency brought about by its "Zen" micro-architecture. The company launched its Ryzen processor family with the top-end Ryzen 7 series, which consists of eight-core models that start at $329 and go all the way up to $499. These chips do manage to make you think twice before choosing an Intel Core i7-7700K quad-core chip, and makes the Core i7 "Broadwell-E" series look terrible, all the way up to the $1,199 i7-6900K. On the brink of Summer 2017, AMD launched the Ryzen 5 line of performance-segment processors to capture key price-points ranging between $170 and $250.The Ryzen 5 series from AMD competes with the entire spectrum of Intel's Core i5 quad-core "Kaby Lake" series, at prices ranging from $170 to $250. This puts Intel's high-volume Core i5-7600K and value-oriented i5-7400 in its crosshairs. Carved out of the same 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon as the eight-core Ryzen 7 series, the Ryzen 5 series consists of six-core and quad-core SKUs, which are further bolstered by SMT (simultaneous multi-threading) and unlocked base-clock multipliers across the board. SMT (and its Intel implementation, Hyper-Threading) is something quad-core Core i5 parts lack, and unlocked multipliers is reserved only for the i5-7600K quad-core and $189 i3-7350K dual core. What's more, the six-core Ryzen 5 parts feature a staggering 16 MB of L3 cache (compared to the paltry 6 MB of the price-comparable Core i5 quad-core parts), and the quad-core Ryzen 5 1400 a decent (on paper) 8 MB. Given AMD has made significant strides in improving per-core performance and the software ecosystem finally taking advantage of more than four logical CPUs, the Ryzen 5 series chips are extremely exciting on paper.The Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip we're reviewing today has an enviable premise - a quad-core chip with SMT enabling 8 threads, 8 MB of L3 cache, and slightly lower clock speeds than the 1500X, yet an unlocked multiplier, for just $170. If you've read our Ryzen 5 1500X review, you'll note that we found it to be a very compelling alternative to the Core i5-7400. At its price, the Ryzen 5 1400 targets the upper-end of Intel's Core i3 dual-core lineup, and maybe even disrupts its entry-level quad-core Core i5 lineup. Dual-core Intel chips still make for decent entry/mainstream gaming PC chips for those who want to game at 1080p with reasonably dialed up settings. AMD is changing the game here by offering up four cores, eight threads, and more than double the cache, besides the freedom to overclock.AMD made the Ryzen 5 1400 by disabling two cores per quad-core complex (CCX) on the 14 nm "Summit Ridge" silicon, resulting in four cores. In addition, AMD halved the L3 cache per CCX to 4 MB. This is unlike the 1500X, where it left the L3 cache untouched, giving you 16 MB. So you have 8 MB of shared L3 cache and 512 KB of L2 cache per core. The chip is clocked at 3.20 GHz, with 3.40 GHz of TurboCore frequency. It lacks XFR (extended frequency range) in the real sense. A vestige of the feature overclocks the chip up to 50 MHz beyond the rated boost frequency. It doesn't appear to have any real price-matched competitor from the Intel stable. You get the Core i5-7400 at $190, but that's already sorted out by the Ryzen 5 1500X at the same price. Intel recently slashed the price of the overclocker friendly Core i3-7350K dual-core chip to $150, but we haven't had a chance to test it yet.On popular demand, we decided to also run our entire selection of games at HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels). You will likely not game at this resolution, but it provides useful insights into the CPU's performance since games get extremely CPU limited at this resolution.
“It makes me want to go to the office on Monday and say I want out of here,” Jones said.
Really makes you think.
Asked whether Hillary Clinton's conduct made them worried about what the former secretary of state would do as president, 57 percent responded that it did. | Getty Poll: Majority disapproves of FBI's Clinton decision
Asked whether Clinton's conduct made them worried about what the former secretary of state would do as president, 57 percent responded that it did, while 39 percent said the issue is not related to how she would perform as commander in chief.
A majority, 58 percent, said the decision would make no difference in whether they would support Clinton, while 28 percent said it would make it less likely for them to support her, while only 10 percent said it would make them more likely.
The whole thing makes you want to crawl up in a fetal position on a sack of malt,” sighs Morris.
Maine also refused to approve another Shelton product: Santa’s Butt Winter Porter, one of a series of irreverent yuletide beers from the Ridgeway Brewing in Oxfordshire, England. The label portrays Santa squatting on an immense barrel of beer, holding his nice-and-naughty list in his left hand and a foaming mug in his right. The name, notes Dan Shelton, is a pun: “butt” can mean one’s posterior or a barrel containing 108 gallons. “That was the one that caused the real stir,” Shelton says. Maine authorities objected because the image of Santa might appeal to children. “We said that made no sense. A 5- or 6-year-old is not going to be able to purchase a bottle of beer.”
The series, however, hit a speed bump when both the New Jersey Turnpike Authority and Mothers Against Drunk Driving registered their protests. “The combination of a roadway and advertising for any kind of beer doesn’t make any kind of sense,” charged Mindy Lazar, executive director of New Jersey’s chapter of MADD. “This is almost a mockery.”
Lost Coast subsequently redesigned the label, removing several of the elephant’s limbs to make him appear more nonsectarian. But to this day the controversy remains a sore point with the brewery. Lost Coast doesn’t even mention Indica IPA on its website. “This way we feel like we’re not rubbing salt in anyone’s wounds,” says sales director Briar Bush. “We’re not trying to profit off of anyone’s religious preference.”
We’re not making fun of anyone’s religion, just saying this is a part of Utah’s heritage,” insisted Schirf in an interview several years ago. Not long after the brand’s introduction, however, Utah raised its state beer tax—already the highest in the nation—another $1.88 to $12.88 a barrel. That act of retaliation continues to cost Schirf around $50,000 extra per year. On the plus side, he’s made a small fortune in T-shirt sales, raking in $100,000 in the first three months after the wire services picked up on Polygamy Porter.
In 2005 Schirf made headlines once again, this time with an amber beer called Evolution Amber Ale. A “Darwin Approved” seal specifies that the beer was “Created in 27 days, not 7.” The brand, Schirf explained, was inspired by a Utah state senator who tried to pressure state schools into teaching intelligent design theory as an alternative to Darwin’s theories.
You would think that the average consumer could tell the difference between a beer and a women’s fashion magazine. Yet the publishers of Elle, recalls Adam Avery, brought legal action over a brand called Elle’s Brown Ale, named after the brewer’s late Labrador retriever. Avery resolved the dispute by adding an “i” to make Elle “Ellie.”
3. Annapurna Royal Trek is the shortest and sweetest of all Nepal taking tours taking mere 9 days and not requiring any particular fitness levels. This became pretty famous in the 1980’s when England’s own Prince Charles made this trip. This Nepal trek is perfect for people who can not spend a lot of days trekking and simply want a relaxing and easy vacation surrounded by stunning mountain sceneries while being immersed in alluring local culture and lifestyles. Trekking in Nepal will allow visitors to see many of the different mountainous peaks of the Himalayas. You don’t have to be experienced at mountain trekking in order to enjoy the Annapurna Royal trek. This trip usually lasts several days. There are no villages or accommodations so the best course of action is to book a guided trekking group. You will see majestic mountain views as well as colorful fauna and soaring eagles.
7. Manaslu Trek will take you to the 8th highest peak of the world area. Manaslu trek is definitely not a walk in the park and is considered one of the roughest and challenging treks in Nepal. Only the more experienced trekkers should attempt to make the Manaslu trek. You will have a rare opportunity to witness the untouched primal beauty of Nepal’s mountain scenery, rich cultural and historical heritage and introduction to different flora and fauna. Whoever chooses the Manaslu Trek will enjoy pure Himalayan beauty as well as the rich cultural experiences. There are many breathtaking Himalayan mountain views available during the Manaslu trek. While trekking through some of the villages, visitors will get a glimpse of the traditional Himalayan culture of the local population.
13. This dog made a mistake of offending a ninja-cat
19. Well, house made of cork board is MY practice ground. Thanks Owner!
The San Francisco measure requires employers with at least 20 employees to make up the rest.
“I do think employers should be pitching in more,” she said. “I think we all need more help. It’s just so hard to make ends meet with little ones in the house.”
“I was so fortunate as a youngster to find a productive place in the film and television industry, and when the Chattanooga Film Festival wanted to honor my 55 years of contributions to entertainment, I was humbled and proud. I’m not a center-of- the-bulls-eye kind of actor, so when a truly independent festival, run by independent folks, want to acknowledge me, it makes me realize that I’m doing something right. I love how the festival began, I love it that Chris Dortch has tremendous passion for film, and I love how the filmgoers in Chattanooga (and the surround-ing region) support and embrace projects three minutes to three hours.”
“The Chattanooga film festival is more than just another fledgling, regional film festival. It is truly special and has the potential to become one of the mini-majors. The force that makes CFF a standout is founder Chris Dortch, who is both a serious and passionate cineaste and a civic-minded community builder. The movies are great, but as important is the support for regional artists. It was an honor to be a part of the festival program this year.”
Lancaster is broadly known for the rich farming community of the Amish and Mennonite settlers from Europe. You might be surprised to learn that over the past 160 years there have been more than a dozen lock manufacturers based in Lancaster! Sadly, none of these companies make locks in Lancaster anymore. However, because of the enduring materials that antique locks where constructed from, many of the locks have survived! These intricate little devices are historic reminders of times long past. Whether you collect locks, or like to browse antiques, we welcome you to the Lancaster Lock Show!
While the Classic design has a stainless steel finish, the Frontier style is more rugged looking. The latter is available with two connectivity options: one that pairs with a phone over Bluetooth and another that works with an LTE subscription, so you can make phone calls and stream music directly to the device.
Samsung spent a lot of time working on the design of the S3, and enlisted Swiss watchmaker Yvan Arpa and industrial designer Arik Levy to help. The results of the collaboration are evident in details like the small lines that indicate where the hour hands are positioned, also known as the index markers on the bezel. This makes it look more like a traditional analog watch.
The smart design approach goes beyond the physical aesthetic, too. The ability for the screen to dim in low-light settings make it easier to see in dark environments and adds a sense of refinement.
Overall, the Gear S3 is stacked with features to make the experience easy and intuitive for users. For example, all three versions of the Gear S3 have built-in speakers, making it possible to hear notifications and use audio controls.
Samsung has once again made a smartwatch that stands out from the competition, but its appeal may be limited to those who want all the extreme features in a large, slightly bulky device.
Weeks earlier two bounty hunters made a false claim to have found them, reviving interest in the disappearance and spurring American investigators to step up the search for the missing journalists.
How does he take care – or repair – a complicated life he can so casually call “a walking mistake?” How does he make sense of it all?
The takeaway revelations – the womanizing and wallet-draining eight children by five women, the substantiation of excessive drinking rumors that followed him throughout his career and even his molestation as a youth by two men – including a youth coach – are not news-breaking. Anderson has alluded to all of it in interviews during his years out of the game. But what amounts to a revisiting with the people and places of his past – including two sons in New Jersey he has had little contact with – makes for a raw, uncompromising 86 minutes.
Afterward, in the lobby outside the theater, Anderson chats with a few of the attendees, some of whom remember him well as the shifty and spindly Nets point guard who could make the ball dutifully obey the commands of his left hand, just a few miles east at a no-frills arena near the Lincoln Tunnel to Manhattan. Having heard him say on screen, “It’s difficult trying to figure out how to be selfless when you’ve been selfish your whole life,” they wish him well. Anderson walks away to greet a familiar reporter and to say that making the film, in his mind, is a start.
A 72-year-old cousin reassures Anderson, now 46, that he still has as much to do as he has to be proud of. A visit to his high school, Archbishop Molloy in Queens, and his coach at Georgia Tech, Bobby Cremins, conjures up enduring legacies at those institutions. A day spent with his estranged New Jersey-based sons, Kenny Jr. and Devon, may be a staged, shallow attempt to make up for lost time, but when they accompany him to the LeFrak building of his youth, the suburbanized boys, sullen and uncertain in their edgier biological father’s presence, see and hear for themselves some of the hardships and horrors he overcame.
Back in the theater lobby, Anderson wonders how “Mr. Chibbs” compares with the last documentary made about a New York City basketball prodigy, 2013’s “Lenny Cooke,” a Brooklyn scholastic legend on the LeBron James level who never made it onto an NBA roster.
Even coaching the AAU team of a talented teenage son who lives with him and Natasha makes for uncomfortable viewing when Anderson verbally erupts at the conclusion of a close defeat. That this son – like the one in New Jersey – is also a Kenny Jr. provides the film’s symbolic underlying premise.
The climate that makes Ventura County ideal strawberry territory does not end at the Mexican border. On the Baja California coast near San Quintín, you also find strawberries. With the expansion of cultivation in the states of Baja, Guanajuato and Michoacan, Mexican production and Mexican exports have been increasing in recent years.
In Baja, strawberry harvest workers make much less than they do in Southern California: about $11 a day. So why doesn’t more of the strawberry business move south across the border? The labor price difference isn’t yet so much as to force the move south. Strawberry farms here still can find people to work in the fields. But there is an issue: The people willing to pick strawberries in Ventura County for $18.75 per hour are not Americans. They are Mexicans willing to brave the hazards of living in the United States without legal permission.
The only two people I knew who got worse press than her were Richard Nixon and George W. Bush — some of it unfairly, much of it unfair to her family. She’s recognizable, she’s attractive, and she still has the message of stop raising taxes. The Tea Party started as a group that [the government] could make go home to bake meatloaf at any point in the last three years by simply doing two things: Stop raising taxes and stop stealing their money. Congress can’t stop spending money. I’m not a defender of everything she says. I don’t hear everything she says. But I know she represents a certain group of people who rose up against their own party, which you rarely see. I probably hired her back, if you really want to get to the bottom of it, to give her a chance to say her piece and piss off the people that wanted her dead.
As far as people wanting Palin dead, I wish someone would ask Ailes who exactly wants Sarah Palin dead? It certainly isn’t Democrats. Sarah Palin remains one of the best fundraisers that the Democratic Party has. As soon as she gets involved in an election, donations to her endorsed candidate’s opponent skyrocket. Liberals don’t want Palin dead. She alternates between being unintended comedy and a source of shame for all Republicans on a daily basis. Palin makes all Republicans look bad. For that, Democrats are thankful that Ailes keeps her employed.
Ailes hired Palin back because she tried to make it on her own and vanished into Facebook oblivion. Palin couldn’t survive without Fox News, so she came back to Ailes grovelling on her hands and knees and took a massive pay cut. That pay cut is why Palin is back on Fox in a reduced role.
It may also be important to remember where spinner dolphins get their name: they are known for making acrobatic, playful leaps, often twisting their bodies around many times before falling back to the water. It's therefore possible that their dramatic leaps are actually mating displays, and that their backwards fins evolved because they help males make more theatrical aerial maneuvers.
You are watching this year to see if the current front office and management has any modicum of an idea of what they are doing. The Jets very may well have assembled a collection of promising young talent who will make up the backbone of an ascending team or they have missed the mark and will need an even larger rebuild than expected. This season is about figuring out if Christian Hackenberg, Brandon Shell, Juston Burris, Lorenzo Mauldin, Darron Lee, Deon Simon and Jordan Jenkins can play. It is about figuring out the actual ceiling of players like Quincy Enunwa, Robby Anderson, Brian Winters and Wesley Johnson. It is about getting a glimpse of just how good Jamal Adams could be and seeing if it was crazy to follow his selection with another safety in Marcus Maye.
5) Always let him be the last to text. Don’t make it some long back-and-forth where you’re the last one to ask “So did your little sister’s dance recital go well? I still had it on my phone calendar. :P ” with no response from him. It’s the same advice I’d give you if you were high around a cop: Be Cool. In order to do this I would suggest trying to channel John Legend. Fucking King Of Cool.
“I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news,” he said. “It’s fake, phony, fake. A few days ago I called the fake news the enemy of the people, and they are. Because they have no sources. They just make it up when there are none. They make up sources. They’re very dishonest people. They did not explain that I called the fake news the enemy of the people. They dropped off the word fake. That’s the way they are. I’m not against the media. I’m not against the press.”
The story of our flooding problem, like most environmental hazards, starts with natural resources sold as commodities. From about the 1830s to 1870s, "earlier settlers made a ton of money off plantations because [the land along Houston's bayous] was so fertile," says Keiji Asakura, Principal Designer at Asakura Robinson, a planning, urban design, and landscape architecture firm. Well before urbanization, farmers raising cattle and growing crops like cotton and rice fundamentally changed the soil. In addition, farm-to-market roads and railroads displaced organic drainage patterns. Coastal prairie that took root in Houston for thousands of years was decimated in a few decades.
It was a special set of circumstances that made The Woodlands possible: I-45 had just been completed; the U.S. Housing and Urban Development Department (HUD) had a well-endowed yet unaccomplished new program, Title VII, for the country's first round of master-planned communities; and the Mitchell family could bankroll an entire city's worth of development during the first few decades of growth.
It's tempting to overextend the importance of zoning, which is about separating different types of land uses (residential, commercial, industrial), and to equate the lack of zoning with Houston's sprawl. What we lack in zoning inside Houston tends to be made up for with other types of development codes for everything from the number of parking spaces to elevation above the 100-year floodplain.
Danny Samuels, Professor of the Practice at Rice Architecture, observes that "zoning made no difference," but newer houses up to stricter building code weathered the storm far better. In addition, Albert Pope, also at Rice Architecture, and many others have argued that we should not be building in the 100-year floodplain at all, and that vacating this space would open opportunities to organize dense developments around bigger green spaces.
While these master-planned communities received Harvey well, they are not the solution to Houston's flooding problem. Even if a single well-designed development manages to hold more floodwaters than before it was built, all the energy and infrastructure required to service it is not sustainable in terms of maintenance costs, carbon emissions or any other measures. Think of the billions of dollars spent on new and widened highways like the Grand Parkway. They are still suburbs and lack the diversity of uses, people and building types that make cities thrive over time.
It is unsurprising that McMurtry sets many of his novels and movies in Houston. Like the western plains of Texas, Houston "never really has been controlled ... it's always been fairly wide open, filled with graft and corruption." Correlations between Houston's unconstrained development and that of the Wild West have been made for as long as it's been heralded as America's largest unzoned city. But this relationship is often used as justification for continued expansion. Our Manifest Destiny.
The most devastating reproach historians are likely to make to Barack Obama’s record in the White House is his devastating failure in foreign policy — a failure that stems from his willingness to leave the warrior ideologues of the State and Defense Departments in place after he became president.
First... I think most spouses of both genders would be really annoyed if they could only have sex to procreate. Talk about a way to destroy a relationship! "No honey, we can't have sex anymore. We had twins from the one time we had sex and we can't handle anymore!". Sorry, In a normal, healthy relationship, I don't see that happening. The need for intimacy with the one you're in a relationship with is too essential to keeping that relationship alive and functioning. So, according to these churches, no sex unless you make a baby.
“Yu-Gi-Oh! has had nice success as a trading card game, which makes the brand an ideal fit with GameStop, as one of the largest suppliers of the cards globally” added Alex Jones, Senior Manager of Licensed Products – International at GameStop. “Our loyal game playing customers will be thrilled with this new array of exclusive Yu-Gi-Oh! collectible characters we will be introducing to our stores.”
Vodi is taking advantage of the growth in mobile messaging in some exciting ways. In addition to offering free text messaging and phone and video calls, Vodi allows users to make airtime top-up payments to more than 390 mobile phone service providers in 135 countries. These airtime top-up payments can also be made as gifts to other Vodi users, opening up a convenient way for families and friends in different countries to transfer credit back and forth.
Aloha Editor is definitely not perfect, and to correct the biggest problems (most notably: its sheer size), the Aloha team currently have some major changes underway — much like Drupal. The biggest change is a move to jQuery UI from ExtJS, which will drop the code base size considerably. Next they plan to make sure it’s possible to not load the additional JavaScript that is needed for compatibility reasons only. This means that e.g. Google Chrome users will need to load far less data. As the internet population moves on to newer and better browsers, we’ll need to load fewer files!
Downtown visitors Tuesday said the new meters made paying for parking easier, even if finding a spot can be a challenge.
Visiting a county court to give a friend a ride, Bobby Doll, 26, said the new meters were easier to use. Step-by-step directions made it virtually automatic, he said.
As of 2013, the downtown area had more than 100,000 parking spaces spread across roughly 68 parking garages and 82 surface lots, along with on-street parking controlled by the city. The number has decreased as surface lots were cleared to make way for new office and residential projects. Some upcoming projects, however, include more parking, notably around the George R. Brown Convention Center where new hotels are under construction.
Today, bankers are rearranging their chess boards, trying to figure out which companies may want to make moves, and which ones might be ripe for the taking. That has kept the bankers in technology and health care busy. Some of the top companies on everyone’s watch list include Alphabet (Google’s parent company), Amgen, Apple, Cisco, General Electric, Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Microsoft and Oracle.
So it is with Andrew, who made a major mistake by physically fooling around on his fiancé. He felt awful about the situation, confessed to his fiancé (the daughter of one of the church’s elders), and when that failed to resolve the hurt, confessed to an acquaintance, part of a small group at Mars Hill in which he was involved.
It is customary for presidential candidates to make public their health records during the campaign season. Sanders, who would be 75 on inauguration day, would also be the oldest president ever elected. Ronald Reagan, the current titleholder, was just a couple days shy of his 70th birthday when he first took office.
It came three days after was ordered to pay Lavonia Leviston £3.2 million when a jury determined the rapper had intentionally acquired an X-rated video she made with her boyfriend, added himself as a crude commentator and posted it online without her permission to embarrass his rap rival Rick Ross.
At the Riverview farm, one witness would tell how he was made to sort fruit and vegetables given to the farm to feed the animals, picking out what could be given to the boys, Mr Beckett said. If he made a wrong choice, he was flogged.
Which is why the film’s most vivid and poignant scenes are those involving the Spotlight team interviewing the victims of the abuse. There’s a stark quality to these sequences, which feature straightforward but moving recountings of how these men were taken advantage of as boys, that make them stand out. The film as a whole has a Wire-esque sparseness in the production design and cinematography that makes these scenes, and the horrors they represent, more palpable, awful, and affecting.
There’s a fair attempt made both to educate about this crisis and to bring its wide-ranging impact home by showing how it affects Mike Rezendes’s (Mark Ruffalo) connection to his faith, or Sacha Pfeiffer’s (Rachel McAdams) relationship with her grandmother, or Matt Carroll’s (Brian d’Arcy James) sense of the safety of his children in his neighborhood. And yet even as the film is about the Catholic Church’s molestation scandal, at a broader level it’s just as much about the way that communities close ranks in the face of a potential crisis, and in how there’s a certain complicity to it, a sometimes unconscious acceptance of how things are that invites horrific actions to be swept under the rug.
A laudable performance from Michael Keaton as Spotlight editor Walter Robinson anchors the latter theme in the film. As Robinson hunts down old leads and sources, he encounters resistance from well-meaning fellow journalists who believe the story was culled from the crank file, less-than-subtle suggestions from friends and community leaders who urge him not to rock the boat for the good of the city, and disdain from veteran soldiers in the fight to expose the abuse who chastise him, and by extension The Boston Globe, for not doing more and not doing it earlier. Carpetbagging editor-in-chief Marty Baron (Liev Schreiber, who makes a strong impression with a textured performance in a smaller role), represents the way an outsider can cut through the status quo and see the collective shame for what it is without the history in the community or the stomach to ignore it.
That means that the film gets every opportunity to make its statements, to throw in standard-if-creditable character moments, and to work in small but salient details of the scandal. It fails, however, to make this all feel like something other than a movie going through the motions in the lead up to the Academy Awards. The film has something to say, and it’s worth saying, but it doesn’t delve particularly deep into these ideas and doesn’t offer anything especially novel or creative in how it presents them either.
Lotto-Belisol’s Jurgen van den Broeck has to be mentioned. Fourth overall in 2010 and 2012 but do you remember it happening? Clearly it takes big talent and dedication to achieve this result but he’s made one victory salute during his 11 years as a pro and its rare to see him attack. He’ll have to work hard as Lotto-Belisol come equipped with more wagons for André Greipel’s sprint train than mountain helpers.
By now we’re firmly into outsider territory. Jacob Fuglsang and Janez Brajkovič bring options for Astana and you can see them in the top-10 . Ag2r’s Jean-Christophe Péraud leads the brown-short brigade, he’s a likeable rider but exploring the frontiers of his talent to make the top-10 again. Thibaut Pinot can climb with the best and was tenth overall last year on a route that didn’t suit him. He’s better this year and wants “to confirm” as they say in French, I can see him in the top-10 with ease and taking a stage or two in the mountains but he’ll have to avoid being caught out at the back of the bunch, le placement is his weakness.
1. The Church of Scientology allegedly wiretapped Nicole Kidman’s phone. According to the film, Scientology was not keen on Tom Cruise's marriage with Nicole Kidman because her father was a psychologist, making him an enemy in the church’s view. During the marriage, Cruise distanced himself from the church, particularly when the couple moved to England to shoot Stanley Kubrick’s Eyes Wide Shut. In its effort to bring Cruise back into the fold, the church made efforts to undermine the relationship and, at Cruise’s request, allegedly hired a private investigator to tap Kidman’s phones. The church also worked to turn the couple’s son and daughter against Kidman, convincing them that she was a “suppressive person.”
2. Years before her role on Homeland, actress Nazanin Boniadi was set up as Cruise's girlfriend. The documentary details how, after Cruise’s marriage to Kidman was destroyed, the church went about to find the actor a girlfriend, alighting on a Scientologist field worker named Nazanin Boniadi. Boniadi was given a make-over – her teeth fixed, wardrobe from shops such as Burberry – for what she was told was her being elevated to work on a world stage with world figures. But it was all prep for her to meet and then date Cruise. But it didn't last. During a visit by Miscavige to one of Cruise’s mansions, the actor didn't think Boniadi paid enough respect to the leader and cut the relationship short. Boniadi then made the mistake to tell her heartache woes to colleague, who reported them to higher ups. Boniadi was punished by being forced to do menial tasks, including cleaning toilets with a toothbrush. All details are omitted from Boniadi’s IMDB profile. Boniadi left the church and became an actress. She landed on General Hospital, did a stint on How I Met Your Mother, and as the doc points out, was a key supporting player on Homeland.
Pickett, who’s won four “Fight of the Night” bonuses in six UFC fights, is currently ranked No. 5 in the USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA bantamweight rankings. However, with losses to contenders such as Michael McDonald and Eddie Wineland during his current 3-2 run, the 35-year-old Englishman is looking to make his flyweight debut.
Virtue epistemology gives an AAA account of knowledge: to know affirmatively is to make an affirmation that is accurate (true) and adroit (which requires taking proper account of the evidence). But in addition, the affirmation must be apt; that is, its accuracy must be attributable to competence rather than luck.
Workshop environments are traditionally male-dominated, she says, and she hopes to make this a "safe space" for women to feel empowered to use tools and be independent.
Insurers say rising payouts related to climate change and weather in heavily-insured western countries such as the US result in less money being made available to provide affordable insurance in developing countries, where it is most needed.
“Government-provided insurance made sure that premiums were low enough to sustain ongoing development and a massive relocation of population to regions which, we now know, are borderline inhabitable,” says Ben-Shahar.
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
The Bike Artist isn’t nearly done. She wants to tag more lanes in high-traffic bicycling areas and move away from her more humorous messages to focus on promoting responsibility and etiquette. And she’s even seen at least one imitator: A friend has begun spraying stencils in Columbia Heights, using his own designs. Similar-looking stencils aimed at pedestrians can be found on 11th Street NW in the same neighborhood, though BA didn’t notice them until after her project began. In many ways, the tone of her street art—chipper, encouraging, mischievous but hardly subversive—reflects a change in D.C.’s bike culture. Between 2000 and 2011, only New York City saw a sharper drop in car commuting than D.C., according to a recent Public Interest Research Group study. Bikeshare reports about 250,000 rides a month. According to the League of American Bicyclists, bike commuting in D.C. grew 445 percent between 1990 and 2012, and as many as 4.1 percent of D.C. workers commute on bike. The typical D.C. biker is a lot like the Bike Artist—pretty normal. “Bicyclists now aren’t your middle-aged men in Lycra, they aren’t the young white hipster bike-messenger lookalikes,” BA says. “Everyone bikes.” Bike culture in D.C. is “night and day” from about a decade ago, says BicycleSpace co-owner Erik Kugler, whose 7th Street NW bike shop sits in front of a rare sidewalk stencil made by BA. “It used to be exemplified by the courier culture...that was a turnoff to many people. Now it’s just everyday people who are out. What separates the culture now is it feels like you’re in on a secret that brings happiness to your life.” That’s exactly the distinction BA is trying to draw—between bicyclists’ reputation, semirooted in an outdated notion of who bikes, and the way she feels every bicyclist ought to behave. Where most of us fall is probably somewhere in between. “Bicyclists have a reputation of being serious assholes, and this is confronting that perception,” BA says of her project. As an example, she points to a recent article on Greater Greater Washington, a first-person account by a bike-accident victim who was ticketed by police after a driver turned into his path, causing a collision, and was later allegedly told by a police officer that of course he was at fault—he’s a biker. In that case, the bicyclist did everything right. But in the heated discourse of urban transit policy, BA is frustrated that bicyclists are often stereotyped as aggressive lawbreakers. That perception, she says, is unfair, but is nevertheless framed “by the portion of people that run through red lights, don’t yield at stop signs, bike on sidewalks, bike the wrong way up streets—those people frame other road users’ perceptions that all bicyclists are wrong and disrespectful. I’m so polite. I’m overly polite to get over that perception. I, like, stop and wave and smile at people.” Bikers, of course, have plenty of reasons to remain aggressive—they still get killed on the road, after all, and must navigate laws that often force them to think like motorists and pedestrians at the same time. And so the notion that more bicyclists ought to set a better example, Kugler says, is “a little tough to swallow with all these cars doing illegal U-turns” and violating traffic laws in ways that can hurt bikers. “We’re supposed to be the ones who set a good example?” As American cities have knocked down the barriers to everyday biking by building more bike lanes, adding Bikeshare systems, and improving signage—as they’ve given more of the road to bicyclists—those policies have become politicized. (See the conservative think tank founder who recently berated a bicyclist for reporting a truck blocking the L Street cycletrack, or Christopher Caldwell’s recent Weekly Standard screed against the bicycling lobby.) But in D.C., the temperature of the bicycle debate is beginning to drop. Public discourse still centers on the toll of gentrification—on the widening gulf between the city’s wealthier, whiter population and its poorer, blacker one—but three years removed from the Fenty administration, bicycling is less of a signifier of a societal rift. (Biking advocates, of course, might point out that the pace of bicycle-infrastructure expansion has slowed, too, although DDOT wants to build 140 more miles of cycletracks and bike lanes.) And as the population of daily, nonideological bicyclists has grown, BA’s instinct—that they need an angel on their shoulder—more or less feels right. That, anyway, is why Kugler says he gives the bike stencils a “99 out of 100.” “It’s a message for the modern biking culture,” Kugler says. “It’s not a renegade culture anymore.” ***
Twitch Plays Pokemon " uses Twitch.tv to live stream an emulated version of Pokemon Red that is played by translating messages sent in Twitch's chat system to commands on the virtual Game Boy. Post "left" to the chat, and 20 to 40 seconds later (due to the lag) the player moves left. Likewise with other commands. What's incredible is that after tens of thousands of players have sent thousands of messages every minute to the game, they have made significant headway: battles won, gym badges awarded, and Pokemon trained. Even in this seemingly chaotic frenzy, progress is made, albeit slowly.
A more decisive way of sending commands was necessary to make gameplay more meaningful, so five days into this experiment a new mode was added: anarchy and democracy. Twitch viewers can vote for their preferred mode by posting "anarchy" or "democracy" to the chat. In anarchy mode the game proceeds as usual by accepting every command, but when players vote in democracy mode, the rules change. The system tallies up the requests, and after a 20-second interval, the command with the most votes gets executed. In this mode, players can also stack moves into a single command, such as "left2down3." Gameplay slows to a crawl when the player only moves every 20 seconds, but meaningful progress can be made.
Twitch Plays Pokemon is built on an unsophisticated mechanism. Players submit a move that is then executed on screen. Zoom out, however, and we can observe some interesting things. Playing in "anarchy" mode makes for a fast-paced and fun experience, though players make very little progress. Democracy mode is dull and predictable, and while progress is made, it’s slow coming. There is a deep trade-off here. As I watched, it was truly astounding when players made progress in anarchy mode. Players celebrated every achievement because the odds were so out of favor. When voting took place, I lost interest because my suggestions felt irrelevant. If I thought we should move up and not left, I was out of luck if outvoted. The game slowed to a crawl and I suddenly had less say. No one gave up in anarchy mode. There was always a beacon of hope that even though we were walking into walls, we would prevail. And eventually, we did. Everyone acting in their own interests, even if that interest was derailing the game, worked.
Anyway, the real Turtles are staking out High Pressure Engrish based on a hunch from April and they’re cornered by the police, who mistake them for the False Turtles. Things look bad until Bebop and Rocksteady show up with the False Turtles, who scare the police off and promptly attack the Ninja Turtles. The TMNT find they can’t make a dent in the False Turtles, as their armored hides bust all their weapons. Bowing their heads in shame, the Turtles admit defeat.
Yes, the movie is every bit as weird as its premise makes it sound. But somehow co-writer/director Yorgos Lanthimos — in his English-language feature debut — makes it work. Set in a bizarre kind of alternate reality where human coupling is mandatory and where those who choose to remain single must live as fugitive outcasts in the woods, The Lobster is the story of a man named David (Farrell), a recent divorcee who takes up residence at a hotel specializing in two things: partnering up eligible bachelors and bachelorettes, and turning those who "don't make it" into animals. It's only when David flees the hotel and falls in with a band of loners, however, that he meets his true soulmate (Rachel Weisz).
With community in mind, Pauhana has made the same entrance fee across the board for all categories: 500rd. The fees are used to create the atmosphere for the event and put together some kind of cash prize for the winners of the Open Men and Open Women category.
What makes the Pauhana contest unique is their commitment to award the Open Men and Open Women winners the same cash prize. Most surf competitions in the world have huge cash prizes and sponsorships awarded to the men, while women get less than half that. What this means is ladies, you better go out there and represent!
The Categories for the Pauhana contest are what make it a really fun event for the community. Unlike other surf competitions that are focused on determining the best athletes in an area, the Pauhana event is pure surfing fun – with prizes! Our favorites to watch are the Doggy Surfers and the Surf Family heats, it’s all smiles and a really heartwarming experience.
The game is said by the devs to be a linear adventure game, but at the same time they did note that they want some aspects of exploration and secrets to be in the game. In other words, the indie devs don’t want to bite off more than they can chew and want to make a game that can be completed, but provide some substance (secrets and exploration) for VR goers to enjoy.
Reaching a nasty do-or-die cliff-hanger at the end of the demo, it's possible I may have made some wrong calls en route. The final scene sees us hanging on the words of a masked assailant, as both characters are bound on each side of a table. Chris is told he can either shoot Ashley with a ready-cocked revolver in front, or suffer a set of buzz-saws descending from the ceiling. Looking to the top-right, I know it's on.
A boy’s funeral procession in Puerto La Cruz, a man sucking on a bone he found in a garbage bag, a woman wiping tear gas from her face, a nursery inside a women’s prison, hundreds standing in line, waiting for hours for something to eat. These are some of the images that are portrayed, alongside the testimony of the men and women that made putting a face to the crisis possible.
I felt the need to try to help his soul to find some peace. The camera wasn’t a shield. I didn’t want it to be a shield and I was crying just like everyone else. To this day I still think about Gabriel and his mother, and this encourages me to talk to the people I photograph and try somehow to understand and make other people know the pain and the grief of losing a loved one.
“If I ever have to explain my country to other people, it is under those terms: people in a terrible situation always find these little places that make them forget about how terrible it all is. I so often find myself in the middle of a terrifying setting and the breeze blows, or the sun sets, and I am left in a purgatory: between heaven and hell, between beauty and terror.“
Have a look at the images and read about the people who made them possible.
Its re-engineered muzzle brake, dual barrel springs and long mainspring design make the 82A1 comfortable and — dare we say — exciting to shoot.
Senior Brotherhood politician Saad el-Hosseini said: ' I have been trying to make the youth withdraw for five hours. I can't. They are saying have paid with their blood and they do not want to retreat.'
It was Meiklejohn’s idea to apply for a performance spot in the inauguration festivities. A former Portland resident, Meiklejohn moved to Madawaska in October to begin his new job as band director. As he was unpacking his belongings in his new apartment, Meiklejohn came across some old photos from 1989, when he and his fellow bandmates from Kennebunk High School marched in the inaugural parade for President George H.W. Bush. Meiklejohn’s instrument was the oboe, but that’s a wooden instrument that shouldn’t be played in cold weather, so the band made him a flag bearer instead.
It will be a quick trip. They’ll drive down on Jan. 18, check into their hotel in the late afternoon, rest and get oriented. They’ll play the concert the next day, then board the bus on Jan. 20 for the trip back to Maine. They’d like to squeeze in an extra day of sightseeing, but only if they can raise the money to pay for it. Meiklejohn estimates it would cost “probably a few thousand” to make that happen.
“Certainly when I was marching for George Bush, I didn’t get the feeling that my marching made me a Bush supporter, and it didn’t change my appreciation for participating in the event, either,” he said.
Both Dufresne and Pelletier said that while they hope to learn more about politics while they are in Washington, they are going on the trip to make music, not political points.
“When he first came in on trial, he caught the coaching staff’s eye quite quickly,” said Eleven captain Colin Falvey. “Right off the bat, he made an impression that he was a good finisher. I think it took him a little bit of time when the season started to adjust to playing professional football. Coming from college is never easy.”
During Indy’s first six NASL matches this season, Goldsmith appeared just once for a total of two minutes. Since then, he’s made a cameo off the bench in eight of the past nine games.
“Every player wants to play every minute,” Goldsmith said. “They’d be lying to you if they said they didn’t. I’m just trying to work hard on the training field and sort of try to take my opportunities when I get on the field to make an impact on the game.”
Goldsmith, from Bristol, England, originally wasn’t sure what to make of the sport called “soccer” across the Atlantic Ocean.
However, he gets open on set pieces, and he finished two of his three looks (of the five total looks the US had on the night, which kind of makes me want to die). There's a place for that, especially against minnows. I still don't think he's the answer long term because he takes too long on the ball in the run of play, but hell, beggars can't be choosers.
The setup for this mission was fairly straight-forward; the patrol had spent the summer and fall doing the various tasks the Mouse Guard did, while also investigating the insurrection they’d spent the last two seasons uncovering. Now, with fall turning to winter, the patrol had to race back to Lockhaven with some vital intelligence they’d uncovered, before the snows hit and made their return more perilous.
The session opened with the characters slogging through a cold, torrential rain, which forced a survival test right off the bat. Luckily, the group rolled well, and soon came to a flooded stream — no big deal for you or me, but to a mouse, it might has well have been a real river. The group decided to try and build a makeshift raft, but failed their test. Rather than have them lose their package of intelligence, I instead opted to move them too far down stream to make it to the town they were near, and also to make the helpers angry.
Now, the badger is a fairly beefy opponent for a patrol; it has claws which give it bonuses to certain actions, as well as plenty of dice to use for disposition and tests. I was sure it would provide a challenge to the patrol, and had they been less confident with the rules, I’m sure it would have. But this patrol has now done a few physical conflicts, and their understanding of the game mechanics meant they could predict what the badger was going to do, and plan accordlingly. Couple this with some stellar rolling, and the patrol actually made fairly light work of the angry beast!
After driving the badger away, the group investigated the remains of the nest. Sadly, most of the eggs had been eaten or crushed, but they did manage to find a single survivor, buried in the dirt. I allowed one of the patrol (Quinn) to learn that it was a turtle’s egg, since she has turtle wise. Excited at the possibility of having a “pet,” the players hauled the egg out and began to make their way to Lockhaven, which they could see in the distance.
The US Supreme Court [official website] on Monday ruled [opinion, PDF] 6-2 in Voisine v. United States [SCOTUSblog materials] that a state law conviction on reckless domestic assault is sufficient to bar possession of a firearm under federal law. Stephen Voisine and William Armstrong had pleaded guilty to violating a Maine statute [text] that makes it a misdemeanor to “intentionally, knowingly or recklessly cause[ ] bodily injury or offensive physical contact to another person.” When later investigations revealed that both men were in possession of firearms, they were charged and convicted under a federal law [18 U.S.C. § 922 text] that prohibits any person convicted of “misdemeanor crime of domestic violence” from possessing firearms and ammunition. On appeal, the petitioners argued that, because their domestic violence convictions were based on recklessness, and not intentional or knowing conduct, they were insufficient to support the federal charge. Focusing on the meaning of “use … physical force,” the Supreme Court disagreed and upheld the convictions. Writing for the majority, Justice Elena Kagan found that
What's a Game Jam? Every jam is a little different, but in general, it's an opportunity for a diverse set of game developers to come together in one place and make game prototypes during a 24-48 hour time window. Most jams cater to all skill levels. In most cases, teams of 4-6 members are randomly chosen at the start of the jam in a way that insures that each team has at least one experienced programmer and one artist.
M.O.N.K. (Multiplicitous Observable Navigational Killerator) is a 2-person 1-keyboard Flash game made at the 2010 Global Game Jam.
The move is a perfect example of while the rosters became final on Saturday, they are still subject to change. On Sunday, following the league’s deadline for teams to have put their final rosters together, the Seahawks made a change at the defensive tackle position by waiving Justin Hamilton in order to claim Garrison Smith from the 49ers.
The NSA director, Michael Rogers, made clear that it would have been a violation of US law to ask the British to conduct such an operation. Asked at the first public hearing into Trump’s ties to Russia whether he, or anyone else, had asked GCHQ to spy on Trump or his allies, Rogers replied: “No, sir, nor would I.”
Spicer recycled the GCHQ allegation, made by a Fox News pundit, in order to defend Trump’s 4 March accusation, made on Twitter, that Obama placed Trump’s associates under surveillance at Trump Tower. Obama has unequivocally denied the accusation, which, if proven, would mean that he had committed a felony.
Pollard added that she hopes the RNC considers rule changes after the convention, when Trump is almost certain to be the official nominee and passions among his Republican opponents may subside. She argues that the ability of the rapid-fire news cycle to winnow the GOP field after just a few early-state contests makes it more pressing than ever to push closed primary states to the front of the calendar.
Jack (James Lloyd Reynolds) : “…it’s unconstitutional, you can’t make your own currency. That is the Federal Government’s job! We simply cannot let you make big loans in eCoin that you would not make in dollars.”
Phillip Price: “Yes, yes, and now I want to use it against them. With eCoin we control the ledger… and the mining servers. We are the authority! I will make sure you have visibility into every single wallet that’s open, every loan, every transaction; which means we can start making new assets, which means we can start rebuilding the banking sector.”
To get you on the same page as me, I decided to sketch the main facts about stylometry down below. Its origins and applications. It will be an interesting read. Promise. I tried to make it both informative and engaging. So, dive deeper into the details and see what makes me so sensible when I am to attribute authorship.
The handset has made an appearance over at the FCC with model number D725 attached to it, and is said to be en route to the network of wireless carrier AT&T.
At Lambeau, width, rather than length, is the issue. The width of an NFL field is 53⅓ yards. A FIFA regulation soccer field is 70-80 yards wide. One problem would be that corner kicks would have to be made on the service apron that surrounds the field, and that would not be acceptable for World Cup-level soccer.
Federal prosecutors asked a judge this week to deny former Gov. John G. Rowland’s request to dismiss campaign corruption charges against him. Prosecutors called Rowland’s arguments “unconvincing,” but said he could make them to a jury.
“This is an issue for trial. The defendant claims that the provisions of the draft contract are so wide ranging and open ended that they would encompass working on Candidate 2’s campaign. This argument, however unconvincing, is an argument that the defendant can make to a jury,” the document reads.
Throughout the new court documents, the U.S. attorneys were often dismissive of arguments made by Rowland’s attorneys, which they characterize as far-fetched. They describe one argument as based on an “imaginary” premise and another an invitation to “enter a parallel universe and imagine” a scenario which the government was never trying to prove.
Laurie says: “It was a really peculiar and bold thing to try and make a comedy out of, but I think ultimately a very sympathetic and respectful one. Even though the characters were absurd and moronic at times, it never disrespected their courage or their sacrifice.”
Having begun the dynastic saga by chickening out of active service at Bosworth, finally a Blackadder was going to war, whether he liked it or not. This didn’t actually make Captain Blackadder brave, just in the wrong place at the wrong time, although Atkinson did sense a change with each dynasty. “In the first series, Blackadder was just an idiot. In the second series he was dashing but weak. As the butler, he became cleverer and nastier. This time he is less cruel and more careworn.”
“The producer is supposed to be the person who makes sure that inspiration doesn’t turn into complete filthy anarchy. Unfortunately, we had John…” Robinson says. “We workshopped every word, every exclamation mark! Although we didn’t have the 12 writers you would have for Taxi or Cheers, you had people in the room who were doing exactly the same kind of thing that those writers on an American show would do. We were constantly challenging every single gag, the structure of every scene – we even put additional characters in sometimes. So there was a lot of tension between the writers on the one hand, and the producer on the other, who was, as it were, the representative of what the actors were saying. And it was very good, but it could be quite upsetting sometimes.”
For the cast and crew, however, the knowledge that such hope was fruitless made for a uniquely difficult week of recording. Laurie recalls: “It had as its backdrop the greatest tragedy of modern man, and that gave the thing a poignancy and a texture that few other things I’ve been involved in have had, or could have had.”
Seeing the raw footage of the cast stumbling towards the camera, awkwardly striding towards eternity, it’s easy to see why the editing team had worries. However, Lloyd says, “Each person in that room, as I remember, made at least one contribution to the ending sequence.”
This has sort of been a gift and a curse for me. On one hand, I didn't want people to look at me as if I had a disability. On the other, I wanted people to know what I've been able to accomplish in spite of the disease. It's an invisible fight for me, but now is my time to make some noise so we can find a cure. If no one is aware of my struggle, we can't get there.
“They don’t think about how prices are going to go up everywhere else to cope with it,” said Gaerael Debise, 19. The cashier at the Buckhorn Grill restaurant in midtown Sacramento makes $10 an hour and helps support his mother and little sister, while attending classes at Sacramento City College.
Yolo County farmer Duane Chamberlain said his workers, who mostly make well above the minimum wage, are starting to cut alfalfa hay this time of year. He said he wouldn’t mind paying all his workers at least $15 an hour with the exception, perhaps, of those just learning.
There are additional reasons, besides experience levels, that a uniform state wage might not make sense, experts said.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Living Wage Calculator estimated that for 2014, a single adult would need to make less than $10 an hour to support themselves in Yuba County, while the same adult living in Santa Clara County would need to make almost $14 an hour to pay for rent, food, transportation and other basic costs.
Now, thanks to the marketplace, families or individuals who are looking for affordable health care plans are be able to buy them. In essence, the marketplace makes each state act as its own company, where insurance companies compete for people seeking health care coverage, forcing these insurance companies to create new low and affordable prices.
"She said the movie was pretty close to what really happened. The players had to go to etiquette classes, and they had to wear those skirts which made it no fun sliding into base," Davidson said.
"She was very pleasant, quiet, and I think what really made her happy toward the end of her life was sharing a room with her sister. I think that made both of them very happy," Murphy said.
“The caddies would say, ‘If I get on his bag, I’m going to make sure he always has a good lie,’ ” Carr said, meaning that even if Trump shanked a ball, the caddies would do what they could to place it on the fairway.
In the release issued this morning Hilton's CEO Christopher Nassetta said "Military veterans and their families have made incredible sacrifices for our country, and we are strongly committed to ensuring they have great jobs when they return home from service. We've always felt strongly about this issue since our founder Conrad Hilton himself was a military veteran, and we are very proud of our veteran Team Members who have contributed so much to our company."
EPS Geofoam is an omnipresent yet invisible material in our everyday lives—buried beneath the surface of an increasing number of urban projects around the world, from railway and road embankments to retaining walls and amphitheater seating. Weighing approximately one percent of the weight of soil, Geofoam is typically used as a lightweight fill material. In New York, for example, it can be found beneath 1 World Trade Center, Citi Field, Chelsea Pier Park and the New Jersey Turnpike. It makes up the entire foundation of Millennium Park in Chicago.
At the end of the festival, the blocks were loaded onto trucks. All undamaged material was sold for sixty percent of its initial price to construction projects that required the fill material, the manufacturer serving as the intermediary. While many projects in the cryptocurrency sphere might launch their work with a “Block Sale”—referring to the initial coins mined or sold on the blockchain—Foamspace, made of architectural materials and spaces, had an actual block sale.
I am certainly not alone. Every day, black women like Feminista Jones, Franchesca Ramsey, Melissa Harris-Perry, Imani Gandy, Jamilah Lemieux and countless others – women whose very presence helps make social media profitable for corporations like Facebook and Twitter, women who’s insightful social commentary draw millions of people to these platforms – face regular, coordinated campaigns of abuse aimed at forcing them off of the internet.
But it is that very same free speech that Yiannopoulos and others work to deny marginalized populations on social media with their campaigns of abuse. They do not have the power to cut off our access to the internet outright, so they will instead make it unbearable for us to be there. They are complicit enablers of the thousands of angry, hateful “trolls” who bombard us with rape threats, racist slurs, images of torture and abuse.
When trolls traumatize us until the cost is too high, we remove ourselves from the public sphere. And when that happens, we are being silenced not only by the hordes of white men who want to bully us out of public life, but by the corporations who make millions off of our contributions to social media. It is time for Twitter and Facebook to step up and embody the commitment to free access and free speech that they claim to hold dear.
(Sam makes a thumbs down gesture)
RYLAND FORD: I got on the phone. I was actually yelling a bit - someone call an ambulance. I made a call myself.
MICHAEL FORD: The doctor said Sam wouldn't make it through the night. They said he needed emergency surgery, that his skull would have to be opened to relieve the swelling.
See? It's too big. And it always makes you cough. Because, you know, the watermelon juice. Alright?
MARGARET FORD: He was really well liked. He was good at sport, he was good at everything. He made everyone laugh, just loved life.
JOHN EYRE, EXECUTIVE MANAGER, ARBIAS: The injury or the damage to the brain is such that a person progressively and insidiously over time loses the ability normally to be able to make those sorts of decisions that would have you walk away from confrontation, for example. In fact. you'll do the opposite, you'll engage in it.
JUDGE GRAEME HENSON: Well I think that claim was made by the Hotels Association and I think that's, just as I said at the time, ludicrous. It may be that illicit drugs are part of the problem but they are not the problem itself.
Jonas, who died Sunday at the age of 80, escaped his native Budapest in 1956 following the Hungarian Revolution. He made his way to Canada where he worked as a producer for three decades for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Interestingly, the biography on his official website makes no mention of his WWII experiences as a young boy. He did, however, work of them in his memoir, “Beethoven’s Mask,” in which he told of how he and his parents, Christian converts who were born to Jewish families, survived the Holocaust.
Judging Criteria Creativity (25 points) - Is the map creative? Does it use the same patterns over and over again? Flow / Structure (15 points) - Does the map have some kind of structure to it? Is it just a constant back and forth 1/16 hyperspam map with no flow or direction? Technical Skill (10 points) - does the mapper utilize a style that makes the map not only creative, but challenging and fun to play? Judge's Impression (10 points) - The judge's own feeling about the map itself outside of the above criteria Bonus points (5 points) - was it hitsounded in a way that amplified the map (2 points)? Did the mapper follow the basic submission rules (please guys 1 point)? Did the difficulty settings make sense? Or were they all raised to AR10 CS7 because the mapper is a douche (2 points)? Total Points: 65
In Florida, I supported the 2014 medical marijuana referendum that garnered about 58 percent of the vote state-wide, falling just short of the required 60 percent mark. My opponent, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, is a drug warrior who opposed the medical marijuana referendum. Calling marijuana a “gateway” drug, she refuses to allow her constituents in South Florida, in consultation with their doctors, to decide for themselves whether to utilize this plant-based medicine to alleviate pain and other symptoms of various illnesses and the side effects of other medications. Certain industries have a special interest in keeping marijuana illegal – for example, the alcohol and pharmaceutical industries, both of which view recreational and medicinal use of marijuana as a competitive threat; and the private prison industry, which profits from warehousing people in jails, including for marijuana possession. Not surprisingly, having taken in lots of campaign donations from the alcohol, pharmaceutical, and private prison industries and their political action committees (PACs), Debbie Wasserman Schultz opposes medical marijuana and supports privatized prisons and mass incarceration. Unlike my opponent, I do not take any contributions from these special interests, or from any corporate interests at all. In addition to Florida’s medical marijuana referendum, I also support the recent reforms by Miami-Dade and Broward Counties to decriminalize marijuana for personal use, and I call on the federal government to “de-schedule” marijuana from the list of controlled and dangerous substances. In many of the states that have moved in the direction of legalization and regulation of marijuana for personal use, entire new industries are flourishing, adding jobs and increasing tax revenues, and crime rates are falling. While I support state efforts to allow individuals to make their own decisions, I also recognize the need to provide young people — and people of all ages — with many more job and educational opportunities in a time of decriminalization and legalization.
Under the previous criteria of DSM-4, a person would be diagnosed with ASD by exhibiting at least six of 12 behaviours, which include problems with communication, interaction and repetition. Now, that same person would need to exhibit three deficits in social communication and interaction and at least two repetitive behaviours – the latter, say critics, makes the new criteria more restrictive.
However, the APA is clear that no one already diagnosed should be re-evaluated. “We made this recommendation from a public health and practical perspective since disruptions in effective treatment would be counterproductive to kids,” says Darrel Regier, vice-chair of the DSM-5 task force and director of the APA division of research.
As the first victim fled to safety, the teen approached a 27-year-old man sitting in his SUV in a nearby parking lot, police say. The teen allegedly threatened the man with his knife, ordered him out of the vehicle and then stole it. Police spotted the SUV fleeing down Sheppard Ave. just before 3:30 a.m. and ordered him to stop. The teenager allegedly ignored the order and barrelled through a red light at Sheppard Ave. E. and Brian Rd., where he collided with another vehicle. Officers were able to make the arrest when the commandeered SUV came to a stop on the sidewalk. The 20-year-old man who suffered stab wounds was taken to the hospital in non-life-threatening condition. No one else was injured.
In general we regularly produce reports on the socioeconomic impact of the crisis. We use different methodologies. But essentially we make a comparison between our baseline scenario — as if the crisis had not happened — and what has actually transpired.
They say only Good can create, whereas Evil is sterile. Think Tolkien, where Morgoth can’t make things himself, so perverts Elves to Orcs for his armies. But I think this gets it entirely backwards; it’s Good that just mutates and twists, and it’s Evil that teems with fecundity.
Imagine two principles, here in poetic personification. The first is the Goddess of Cancer, the second the Goddess of Everything Else. If visual representations would help, you can think of the first with the claws of a crab, and the second a dress made of feathers of peacocks.
As soon as she spoke it was so, and the animals all joined together. The wolves joined in packs, and in schools joined the fishes; the bees had their beehives, the ants had their anthills, and even the termites built big termite towers; the finches formed flocks and the magpies made murders, the hippos in herds and the swift swarming swallows. And even the humans put down their atlatls and formed little villages, loud with the shouting of children.
But they told her “Such things we have heard of in legends; if wishes were horses of course we would ride them. But we are the daughters and sons of the Goddess of Cancer, her slaves and her creatures, and all that we know is the single imperative KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER. And yes, in the swamps and the seas long ago you worked wonders, but now we are humans, divided in tribes split by grievance and blood feud. If anyone tries to make swords into ploughshares their neighbors will seize on their weakness and kill them. We wish it were otherwise, but it is not, and your words have no power to move us.”
Every share makes Black Voice louder! Share To Share To
But regulators are finding other faults with the Yaz franchise. The Food and Drug Administration early this year asked Bayer to correct misleading television commercials. Last month, the agency cited the company for not following proper quality control procedures at a plant that makes hormone ingredients.
Last month, the agency sent Bayer a warning letter about another problem — deviations from quality control standards at a manufacturing plant in Germany that makes drospirenone and other hormone ingredients used in Bayer’s birth control pills sold in the United States. The letter said that the way in which the facility calculated variability in ingredients did not meet American standards.
STAR Melbourne recruit Chris Dawes says the maligned Demons' recent form has convinced him he made the right move in leaving Collingwood.
Dawes has been forced to sit out the first six rounds of the AFL season due to a hamstring strain but will make his debut against Gold Coast at the MCG on Sunday.
"That if anything re-affirms my confidence that I have made the right decision coming to a team that's improving and that wants to improve."
"Against Carlton (last week) I thought we were really competitive and made life difficult for them, trying to rebound from their 50 (metres).
Festival director Ben Ray said: "Slam Dunk Festival South has been taking place in Hatfield since 2010 so the town has truly become our home. Therefore, I am extremely happy we managed to find a new site still within the town. We are sad to leave the University however the event was selling out months in advance so we knew we had to move it and make it bigger due to demand from the fans."
Later on in this unseasonably mild August night, on Lolla's towering Grant Park stage, Chance the Rapper will pause during his anti-record-label anthem "No Problem" and let the audience finish his signature line: "Countin' Benjis while we meetin', make 'em shake my other hand." At that precise moment, though, Maxey's hands will be signing the phrases "counting money" and "meeting," then miming a left-handed handshake followed by an emphatic middle finger. Maxey's ASL interpretation is an explosive, code-switching mishmash of textbook American Sign Language, pantomime, and makeshift signs he's cobbled together for slang words native to hip-hop ("molly," for example, combines gestures for "pill" and "sex"); the way he signs is as worldly and wry and improvisational as he is.
("One-night stand," for what it's worth, comes out to something more like "one-night fuck" in sign language. "Signing 'stand' doesn't make sense. You're not standing up," Maxey explains, then chuckles. "Well, you may be standing up.")
There's a line in Chance the Rapper's "Favorite Song" that Maxey still puzzles over sometimes, and it goes like this: "Dang dang dang, skeet skeet skeet / She do that thing for three retweets." It's not the "dang" or the "skeet" that presents the issue (yes, "skeet" is what you think it is in sign language); it's the retweets. Sometimes, Maxey simply fingerspells "RT." Other times, he makes a tiny beak with his fingers and then signs "phone"—"Twitter."
And then, of course, sometimes a rapper says the N-word, and the cross-cultural can of worms springs open. When he can, Maxey skips it to avoid controversy: "If it makes sense in context, sometimes I just replace it with 'homie,'" Maxey says. "Even I never really get used to seeing that word signed." But when there's no reasonably clean substitution, all three interpreters sign the ASL term for that particular slur onstage, and it's usually Kurdi and Gallego, who are white, who catch flak on social media for using it.
But it's the folks starting to gather inside the Deaf/HOH access zone who are really Maxey's people. These are the fans he and Kurdi have texted with over the past few days, helping them make sure they've gotten the accommodations they need from the festival, and it's these people who ensure that every morning Maxey wakes up to an avalanche of social-media push notifications on his phone, sometimes a hundred strong. "Can I visit them? Can I come perform for them? They have a deaf brother. They have a deaf sister. They feel inspired. They just learned sign language. They want to learn more," Maxey says.
Patrick Petty, a fan who came to see Maxey and DEAFinitely Dope perform at Chance's Lolla show, says his deaf sister, Annie, "looks at Matt like I look at Jay-Z." A lifelong hip-hop fan and a new friend of Maxey's, Petty says he and his sister can finally lose their shit over music together thanks to Maxey and the videos they watch of him on Instagram, and though she couldn't make it to Lolla, he can't wait to bring her to a show. "We're gonna cry tears of joy over this shit," he says.
Then, all at once, Maxey has to be backstage; for the next two hours, he and Kurdi and Gallego make the communication gap between Chance and the 50 or so deaf fans gathered in the Deaf/HOH section feel ever smaller. The fans sway and sign to each other, and occasionally sign Chance the Rapper's "sign name"—two fingers and a thumb on the right hand, raised up toward the right temple. After the show, the three interpreters pose for a photo with all the deaf fans; Maxey puts the official setlist between his teeth, and everyone throws up the "I love you" sign.
"I think a lot of hearing people don't appreciate how much we get out of music," Kurdi says. "We listen to a song, it takes us back to childhood or it puts us in a good mood or it makes us want to party or it makes us connect. That's why there's, say, a graduation song—we all recognize it and we all connect to it.
In January 2015, a Western Australian court ordered estranged wife Robyn Greeuw to pay $12,500 in damages for her defamatory Facebook postings where she alleged that her former husband Miro Dabrowski had emotionally and physically abused her for over 18 years.[48] The defence of truth was not proven. This follows the widely publicized earlier decision in the case of Mickle v Farley,[49] where a young man in New South Wales was fined AUD 105,000 plus costs for posting defamatory statements on Twitter and Facebook about his music teacher. The case was novel for the amount of damages incurred on the defendant and for being the first Australian decision where a tweet was held to be defamatory.[50] In the case Judge Elkaim stated that “when defamatory publications are made on social media it is common knowledge that they spread. They are spread easily by the simple manipulation of mobile phones and computer. Their evil lies in the grapevine effect that stems from the use of this type of communication.”[51]
Unfortunately, the funky sci-fi looks and dangerous thrills from putting your hands in front of the business end of the ZiP gun didn’t make up for a generally poor showing at the range. Even after installing the Upgrade Kit Version 1.0.1, which was released due to some excessively tight tolerances in early guns, she just wouldn’t run reliably.
After the Upgrade Kit, some polishing, some graphite lube, extremely careful assembly, a handful of ammo brands to test and some encouraging words, I had the ZiP running better. It actually made it through a couple of BX-1 10-round magazines in a row without a jam. That was, however, not the norm. I spent more time during my range session clearing jams than shooting. On average, it would jam at least once per magazine, and this was a major improvement from pre-upgrade.
Efforts to keep Russian air power at bay were made solely through diplomatic channels. Jordan, which entered into an intelligence-sharing agreement with Russia in October, believed it had struck a deal whereby Moscow would not to target western-backed factions and would, instead, coordinate with Amman in hitting hardline Islamic factions.
Gen Mashal Mohammad Al Zabin, chairman of joint chiefs of staff, flew to Russia on January 27, the day after regime forces made a rapid advance in Sheikh Miskeen, seizing hold of 95 per cent of the town in a two-day blitz.
The content of the Russian-Jordanian talks has not been made public but the air strikes did not stop. By the time Gen Al Zabin returned to Amman on January 29, Sheikh Miskeen had fallen.
But more critical than the availability of weaponry was a renewed disorganisation in rebel ranks. Aided by MOC planners, rebels made strong advances in the south in 2014, largely because of joint operations rooms, which unified rebel efforts and enabled them to better manage their resources on the battlefield.
Over the weekend, the Democratic Unity Reform Commission issued recommendations aimed at giving power back to the party’s “grass-roots.” The recommendations would cut back the number of so-called superdelegates by 60 percent, in an effort to loosen elite control over the presidential nomination process and make the party more democratic.
These recommendations illustrate the types of reforms we often see connected to democracy within parties. But these reforms are actually difficult to define and implement across many states. Part of the reason it’s difficult to make a party internally democratic is that this is the wrong way to think about parties.
The concept of democracy within a political party is tricky. As with many other institutions, parties have become more democratically run over time. Important decisions like nominations and platform stances used to be made by bosses and convention delegates; now they’re largely determined by rank-and-file voters in primaries and caucuses. The logic of running things more democratically is that people tend to have more faith in the resulting decisions — those choices are more legitimate.
Like just about any other institution, a party requires legitimacy to operate. It makes many decisions on behalf of its members and operates the complex caucuses, primaries, conventions and other machinery that boil down dozens of candidates into just one nominee. Similarly, it tries to weigh the many wide-ranging views of its members into a coherent platform. For it to do these things and still get roughly half the votes of the American electorate, people have to have some faith that its actions are done in good faith.
“If there is a goal to have a successful agenda around taxes and reforming and overhauling the tax system, putting in poison pills and unpopular provisions like defunding Planned Parenthood would stop them in their tracks once again. I think that would do more to create tension and make it more likely they would have another failed agenda item.”
Athens illustrator and Creature Comforts tour staff member, Melissa Merrill, designed the label artwork. Merrill derived the watercolor medium from the fruit used in brewing the beer for the original artwork. The name of the beer is a nod to a bus with a broken transmission the two breweries shared on the way to a beer dinner while Arizona Wilderness was visiting us here in Athens, GA, which made for a very fun and memorable evening!
On school days, Nesbitt buses with her children to their schools. She chats to the teachers to make sure her children are doing OK. From there, she walks to the Kaiapoi library to house and job hunt until it is time to pick up them up.
Whether to kill a driftless-area stream trout is a personal decision, Here’s how I make mine. Related Articles 4 missing after blizzard conditions strand dozens of anglers on Lake of the Woods
I firmly believe the Democratic majority wants the American public to suffer and to hurt so that they can make some political gains at election time, and I think that's wrong.
That would make the deal worth more than the $82 million adidas is paying in cash and product to Michigan over 10 years.
Notre Dame and Under Armour have agreed to a 10-year deal worth $90 million in cash and merchandise combined, according to sources, that makes it the richest shoe and apparel deal in college sports. AP Photo/Joe Raymond
That dress, absolutely. That was the first thing I thought. And whatever canyon Megan lives in — Don makes that reference to Megan that she’s isolated, that he’s disturbed by that, and that he’s not sure that she’s safe there. I’m not sure they’re setting her up to be murdered, but she certainly might hear the shots in the night.
And then there’s Megan’s career. The pilot she was auditioning for, Bracken’s World, was a real show about starlets trying to make it in Hollywood.
Last season, the show made pointed references to Polanski’s Rosemary’s Baby: Sally was reading the novel, four of the characters saw a screening of the film, and Peggy and Ted pitched an ad campaign based on it. I guess that ties into the general theme of innocence being corrupted in the late 1960s?
He’s so sad and pathetic. And even with his whole thing in California, there’s this kind of nervous quality about him, and I don’t think it’s just because he’s around Don. I think he’s a misfit. And in this episode, you saw everybody kind of realizing that the lives they’ve been leading have brought them into paralysis. Like that image of Don at the end where he’s sitting outside in the cold, alone; I think he and then Peggy and Pete and Roger, they’re all butting up against their own lives all of a sudden, and finding that what had been working and moving them along has brought them to a standstill, and they don’t really know how to make this work. And that was definitely the feeling after Manson — and again, Manson didn’t happen until August, so they’re a ways away from that — but this feeling of, how did we arrive at the juncture? What we’ve always thought works, doesn’t. And that is, in essence, the feeling after Manson. Things don’t work. Which is different than, say, Betty shaking out all her trash at the picnic in season one and leaving it in the park. The attitude in the early sixties was that somebody would always come around and make it all better.
“I took an oath to uphold the Constitution, not to appease politicians or ideologues. When your own rights and property are at stake, you want the judge to make a fair and lawful decision, free from political influence,” he wrote on the site.
The case made headlines across the globe after the victim released a powerful impact statement detailing the trauma of the trial.
On Monday, lawmakers approved legislation inspired by the Turner trial that seeks to make prison a mandatory punishment in cases of sexual assault involving unconscious victims.
The site also features links about judicial independence, including one letter from retired judges defending Persky, which says judges may be recalled for illegal or unethical conduct, but that “the essence of judicial independence is that judges must be able to make decisions without fear of political repercussions”.
The first recent foray back into the serialized television for CBS has been an undeniable success. Based on the epic bestselling novel by Stephen King, Under the Dome has not only been a ratings superstar for the network, but it’s also gained a massive legion of dedicated fans picking apart every single episode for another clue to the what’s really happening inside that mysterious dome. With Steven Spielberg, Stephen King, and Brian K. Vaughn on set, Executive Producer Neal Baer has one of television’s dream teams at the helm, which has certainly helped to make Under the Dome a monster hit. Parade sat down with Baer to discuss the upcoming Blu-ray and DVD release of season one (in stores November 5), secrets of season two, and how they already have their series ending in mind.
Absolutely, and we never were slavishly adapting the book. It is liberating to have the great foundation that the book provides and then move beyond that to create new stories. The book itself is only about a week in length so, in order to make our show a longer-term story, we’ve had to diverge from the book.
The legislation took effect in 2016, and made Estonia the first former Soviet republic to allow civil partnerships for same-sex couples.
Mote Runner -- nicknamed for motes, wireless sensor nodes that gather information and refer it back to a network -- can interlink any hardware equipped with wirelessly connected sensors. The extremely lightweight software is made to run on sensor chips tiny enough to be built into almost anything. IBM Research, which built Mote Runner, aims to increase adoption of such wireless sensor networks by making them easier to program and use.
In 1978, Chile agreed to extradite him to the USA, in order to reduce the tension resulting from Orlando Letelier's murder. He made an agreement with the US government on April 17, 1978, which required that he only provide information relevant to violations of US law or offenses committed in US jurisdiction. Based on that argument, he refused to provide any information concerning DINA during the trial of the three Cuban defendants in Washington DC in early 1979 concerning Letelier's assassination. Michael Townley was then freed under the federal Witness Protection Program. The United States is still waiting for Pedro Espinoza Bravo to be extradited. Contreras died in 2015, in Santiago, without having been extradited.
Questioned in March 2005 by Judge Alejandro Madrid about ex-Chilean Christian Democrat President Eduardo Frei Montalva's death, Michael Townley acknowledged links between Colonia Dignidad, led by ex-Nazi Paul Schäfer and DINA on one side and the Laboratorio de Guerra Bacteriológica del Ejército (Bacteriological War Army Laboratory) on the other. It is suspected the toxin that killed Frei Montalva in a Santa Maria clinic in 1982 was created there. This new laboratory in Colonia Dignidad would have been, according to him, the continuation of the laboratory the DINA had in Via Naranja de lo Curro where he worked with DINA biochemist Eugenio Berríos. Townley would also have testified on biological experiments made upon prisoners in Colonia Dignidad with the help of the two above mentioned laboratories.[5]
Tom Morris's production (designed by Tom Pye) works hard to compensate for the opera's failure to tell its own story. Significant dates are flashed up on the set, explanatory captions supply historical context, and if the effect is to make the piece seem more of a documentary than Adams and Goodman ever intended, then it's an unfortunate necessity. The stage pictures are economical, carefully managed and effective – the chorus unfurl green flags as Palestinians, carry olive trees as Israelis. Little is stylised, though some episodes are choreographed (by Arthur Pita) and enough grainy realism remains to make the true nature of the tragedy vivid.
“I just tried to make a good body check and I’m glad he’s OK.”
While Quincey may have intended to make a clean play, a clean play is not what he made. At least that’s the way Brendan Shanahan (Senior Vice President of Player Safety and Hockey Operations) saw it, deeming Quincey’s hit to be a violation of Rule 42: Charging, and worthy of a one-game ban.
That’s not the reason it should sound familiar, though. The Russian incursion into Abkhazia and South Ossetia came after the Bush administration made overtures to bring Georgia into NATO, too, as Vladimir Putin responded by going to war with Georgia to seize the two provinces before Georgia had access to an Article V intervention. The Bush administration got tough with Putin at that point, but Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton reversed that policy with their infamous “reset button” in March 2009, leaving the occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as a fait accompli. Their efforts to appease Putin failed spectacularly in Ukraine five years later, when a push from European nations to get Ukraine to realign both politically and economically to the West triggered the same kind of response.
Pence’s European trip comes several days after the U.S. Senate voted last week to approve the new financial sanctions against Moscow. The legislation bars U.S. President Donald Trump from easing or waiving the penalties on Russia unless Congress agrees. Pence told reporters on Tuesday that Trump would sign a bill on a new package of U.S. sanctions against Russia, adding the package was “improved significantly.” The bill underwent revisions to address concerns voiced by American oil and natural gas companies that sanctions specific to Russia’s energy sector could backfire on them to Moscow’s benefit. U.S. lawmakers said they also made adjustments so the sanctions on Russia’s energy sector didn’t undercut the ability of U.S. allies in Europe to get access to oil and gas resources outside of Russia.
"And I suspect a lot of them are using their power, their control over imports and exports, medicines and food, to make it difficult and undermine Maduro."
A spokeswoman for the Labour leader said yesterday: "The Labour Party 's statement on Monday made clear our position on the importance of the respect for the rule of law and human rights.
The CNG buses would join TriMet’s clean diesel buses that by the end of October will make up more than 20.5 percent of the existing bus fleet. The clean diesel buses have reduced TriMet’s emissions, both smog and smoke. CNG is cleaner than diesel, although modern clean diesel technology puts it close to CNG vehicles.
*Correction made about Linda Bean’s Twitter account.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen has fearlessly made six changes to the side that started the 22-19 win in Christchurch, with lock Luke Romano to make his debut in place of Brodie Retallick in a revamped pack.
Cruden makes his fourth test start and first since the World Cup final, and where such a selection might previously have sent the nation into panic attacks it is unlikely to cause more than a flutter.
Cruden, 23, is a readymade replacement on a ground he has made his own this season for the Chiefs and will reunite his successful combination with second five-eighth Sonny Bill Williams.
A recurring theme of Indian politics has been that every few years a new politician catches the fancy of the nation. He rails against the establishment, promises to fight against the corrupt and dynastic Congress, packages himself as honest and holier-than-thou, sells dreams of better days, makes promises that sound sincere, coins catchy slogans— Raja (VP Singh) Nahin Fakir Hai, Desh ki Taqdeer Hai, for instance — and then walks away with the trust and hopes of the voters.
The results form 3DMark FireStrike Ultra make the old soft bridges look pretty good.
We finally start to see the HB Bridge make a difference in Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor. I ran the game at 4K resolution with the 4K texture pack installed. Still, that roughly 10 percent difference isn’t going to set the world on fire.
Tom Clancy’s The Division makes that fancy $40 HB Bridge seem worth it.
@GretchenCarlson why do you rich elitists who always want to make it more difficult for us common law abiding folks to protect ourselves — John Matthews (@ManViking) June 14, 2016
The figures on my desk started out from just having some select action figures I grew up with. I started with some classic 80s figures and then started to branch out into different comic book figures and video game ones soon after. Eventually it has grown into what you see here. My favorite is a custom Skeletor action figure I found online; never before that had I seen a figure that actually made Skeletor into a thin mage opposed to a body builder with a skull head.
My favorite game is Resident Evil 1, closely followed by Resident Evil 2. I know a lot of people hate the controls and cheesy acting, but I never had a problem with that. I had not played any other survival horror game before this and it made a huge impact on me. I never had experienced a mood and atmosphere like that prior to playing RE and it showed me there is more to games than just run & gun and platforming.
"If that 14-year-old is committing a violent act towards a member of the public or to an officer, or if they are self-harming, then our job is to make sure that that stops in the safest way possible.
It's officially Spring Break season, which means that Florida beaches will be filled with intoxicated college students...and the garbage that they produce. Smathers Beach in Key West has always had an issue with empty beer cans and other form of litters being strewn across the sand, but last week they had to contend with a whole new type of problem: Revenge Cannibalism.20-year-old Stock Island resident Cassi Lyn Clayton could be identified as a bit of a "spitfire" to say the least. She had already been arrested on February 4 of this year for attacking an officer and causing a bit of property damage. Unfortunately, there's not much else on record about that arrest or her (apparently very checkered) prior history other than a collection of mugshot ranging from completely adorable to slightly intimidating.But on Monday, March 4 of 2013, 21-year-old Madison Pelfrey of Stamford, Flordia found out just how crazy Cassi could get. At approximately 5:00 PM, Madison was observed throwing her trash onto the beach. This desecration of her natural habitat enraged Cassi, who approached the litter bug and began screaming at her.The argument between the pair continued to escalate to the point where things got physical. That's when Cassi promptly ended the altercation by biting into Madison's right cheek Cassi Lyn Clayton was arrested and charged with misdemeanor battery. She was also released from custody...so if you happen to be Spring Breaking in Key West over the next two months, please make sure to properly dispose of your garbage and/or recyclable materials.
The event was expected to draw protesters critical of the U.S. Golf Association, which operates the tournament, for not moving it to a different venue after audio surfaced last year in which Trump made derogatory comments about women.
The team notes that the Mayhem code does bear several similarities to the Trololo_mod and Effusion families of malware, which target Apache and Nginx servers respectively. They recommend system administrators check their servers to make sure Mayhem's spread is limited. ®
- Fire proof puch is made of waterproof surface material and Fire resistant inside material
Fermanagh and South Tyrone MP Tom Elliott said: “Today’s statement from the Secretary of State makes abundantly clear that the terrorist threat in Northern Ireland is not just a thing of the past, but unfortunately is alive and well in the present.
The contemporary trend of making authoritative extrapolations based on the Facebook “likes” of an alleged assailant often leads amateur sleuths on pointless wild goose chases. It’s difficult to discern with absolute certainty someone’s true political/moral/religious views after a several-hour colloquy, never mind a cursory Facebook skim. Yet, in the aftermath of violent incidents, a person’s social media behavior is frequently taken as dispositive of motivation. Though it’s possible sometimes to make inferences based on Facebook, the idea that you can get a complete character profile based on perusing someone’s online postings is asinine.
If you deny that the kind of overblown rhetoric that Democrats have specialized in over the past months — warning about traitorous subterfuge and foreign infiltration — can have any trickle-down effect on regular people, you’re deluding yourself. And yes, this same principle applies across the board. Republicans and conservatives who wail delusionally about Sharia Law and the usurpation of American institutions by scheming Muslims also have this effect. Given that Islam-obsessives promote a political ideology that reeks of paranoia and conspiratorial fancy, it should be no surprise that disturbed individuals occasionally latch on to these beliefs and commit acts of violence. When this occurs, the act can be reasonably attributed to the right-wing provocateurs who have spewed such propaganda for such an extended period of time. Does that mean you can assign direct culpability to any given provocateur for any given violent act? No. To do that would be to make an unfounded claim of causation, and establishing causation is inherently tenuous in these situations. But it’s ridiculous to suggest that political beliefs can’t motivate unstable people to act in certain ways, including in ways that bring about violence.
What seems to be the problem, rather, is the fusion of radical jihadist ideology with other personal problems, whether they be alienation, anomie, or various shades of mental illness […] For a person radicalized in this manner, the fantasy of political violence is a chance to gain agency, make history, and be part of something larger.
"Federal employees have contributed now over $100 billion toward deficit reduction," Moran said. "They've had their pay frozen for two years; this will be a third year. New hires are going to have to contribute four times as much into their pension as they would have to today. So they're really being made a scapegoat."
Christopher Leonard, author of The Meat Racket, has made a convincing case that Tyson was already big enough to manipulate prices (it produces one in every five pounds of meat in the U.S.), so I asked him about the implications of this acquisition.
It might also be some variance over the last two months where everything for some time comes together. There were no major changes recently but it was hard for me to make the change from Last Hero Standing to Conquest.
I want to talk a bit about your EU lineup. In particular, the tech changes you made to Handlock. You took out all copies of Shadowflame Darkbomb Shadowflame
When two good Handlock players face off, the one playing proactively has an edge, especially when your deck is teched with big swing cards (Owl/BGH). Cutting a Darkbomb Shadowflame Shadowflame Shadowflame Feeling pretty good!I have been working to improve myself from the start I played Hearthstone. It feels that it is paying off now and things are going my way too.That's true. I had a rough start and it was hard on me. I'm sometimes too hard on myself and even when I win I look for something I could do better. I think it's a good mindset if you want to be or stay at the top.Haha, ye mostly the pushing myself thingIt might also be some variance over the last two months where everything for some time comes together. There were no major changes recently but it was hard for me to make the change from Last Hero Standing to Conquest.Now with thebeing removed from the game, I expect many Paladins and Druids. Druid was already strong and Paladin is probably the most consistent class overall withgone. I think the meta in tournaments is really open now, I wouldn't be surprised to see almost all the classes.I'm not as confident in the new meta. In the old meta all my favorite classes where top tier, that might have changed a bit now.When two good Handlock players face off, the one playing proactively has an edge, especially when your deck is teched with big swing cards (Owl/BGH). Cutting a, Healbot andmakes sure you have no dead cards in the first eight turns. Yesis really good in the mirror but only when your opponent plays into it. The good thing about cutting these cards are that players will still play around them. Nobody expects a Handlock deck without
The first edition of Action Comics, which launched the story of the fictional character Superman, cost ten cents in 1938. Nowadays it's worth three million dollars. I'll make a bold prediction that you, too, will be worth considerably more on December 31, 2019 than you are right now. The increase won't be as dramatic as that of the Superman comic, but still: I expect a significant boost. And what you do in the next four weeks could have a lot to do with making my prediction come true.
Hit the tip jar DONATE button in the side bar. Even a few bucks can make a world of difference!
Boat pivot problems… made it necessary to interrupt the performance twice in Act 2 by bringing in the iron [safety] curtain and replacing a slipped cable on [the winch] wheel…
Thursday 5 September "On the Ghost's exit in Act 1, Scene 5, Mr Day-Lewis left the stage and told me that he could not continue the performance. An announcement was made and the audience invited to take an extra interval. The announcement only specified technical problems. After 32 minutes the performance resumed with Mr Northam as Hamlet. Mr Bedford played Osric and Mr Nicholas a Switzer. Mr Northam coped brilliantly (not an exaggeration) and received an outstanding reception from the audience."
• In February 2012, the Executive Board approved the distribution to all IMF members of SDR 700 million (about US$1.1 billion) from the general reserve attributed to a portion of the windfall profits from recent IMF gold sales, with the expectation that members would transfer their share or otherwise make a new contribution of an equivalent amount to support concessional lending to low-income countries. The distribution will be effected only after the Fund has received satisfactory assurances from members of PRGT subsidy contributions equivalent to at least 90 percent of the amount distributed—i.e. SDR 630 million (about US$1 billion).
During the post-Citizens United years, audited returns fell from 11,449 in 2010 to 10,575 in 2013, agency records indicate. During the same time, applications for 501(c)(4) social welfare status jumped to 2,253 — up from 1,741 in 2010. The Citizens United decision made it easier for these groups to involve themselves in elections.
“If you have to do something two and three times, there’s no question you’re going to get into a backlog,” Jaggard said. “Our application we had sent to them was complete with all the information they requested. So make a determination, a thumbs up or thumbs down. They made work for us, and they made work for themselves.”
“Congress has made it clear that nobody is to stick their neck out.” – Cheryl Chasin, former IRS employee
“Congress has made it clear that nobody is to stick their neck out” to regulate nonprofit political activity, said Cheryl Chasin, who retired from the IRS about three years ago and whose email on politicized social welfare groups was referenced in a congressional report.
You can think of Weidian as the mid-ground where Wechat meets Taobao. Weidian’s mobile commerce platform is based on social relationships with no centralized entry point. The industry tends to describe Weidian as a ‘decentralized’ business model. You can post your products information across a wide variety of social media platforms, not only WeChat. Weidian, backed by Tencent, has an ultra streamlined registration and administration processes which makes it simple for anyone to sell goods or services.
The payment process has several pages where you must confirm various things. The page below is an important option. You can choose to make a direct payment to the seller or take the recommended option of a secured payment, which means the payment will be held from the seller until you confirm that you have received the good.
In a survey that, on its face, may make some undergraduates scamper back to their “safe spaces,” Pew Research Center finds a majority of Americans think too many people are easily offended by mere words.
The 44-year-old said she discovered she took home 14 times less than co-host Joe Scarborough - so little she struggled to make ends meet.
Ms Brzezinski makes the revelations in her new book, 'Knowing Your Value', in which she discusses how women can negotiate the salary they're worth.
'Not only was my salary lower than my colleagues’, each month was a financial scramble to make ends meet.
'I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking.'
Our situation is less clear. Even if we live in a country with a monarch, who’s “in charge” can be ambiguous. Different groups of people make laws, enforce the laws, make judgments about the legality of laws, and often customs determine what actually happens, sometimes in spite of the laws of the land. The leaders of the different branches of government, most of the time, change regularly, which may cause citizens to feel confused about the prevailing rules and culture.
At the local, national, and international levels, there are righteous leaders. Our choices of who those people are will vary, but there are good leaders in government and other institutions who can help us make sense of our world.
If we follow the Dharma, our respected companions on the path can serve as our chiefs. And we can do our best to guide others in wholesome directions. Or the teachings of the Buddha can be our touchstone. We can ask ourselves: “If I follow this way, make this choice, do this action, would it be for the harm or benefit of myself and others?”
Owen Hathway, policy officer for teachers’ union NUT Cymru, said: “Across the key stages we can see progress being made but obviously it is always important to reflect on where further support can be given to teachers.
I don’t know if Brown has a legitimate legal claim to city resources as a result of Brooks’ actions, but make no mistake: The city — and the voters — are ultimately responsible for this abuse of government representation.
Sun Ra's family was deeply religious but was not formally associated with any Christian church or sect. The Black Masonic Lodge was one of the few places in Birmingham where African-Americans had essentially unlimited access to books, and the Lodge's many books on Freemasonry and other esoteric concepts made a large impression on him.
Claiming that he was of the "Angel Race" and not from Earth, but from Saturn, Sun Ra developed a complex persona of "cosmic" philosophies and lyrical poetry that made him a pioneer of afrofuturism as he preached awareness and peace above all.
The melody from this song also appears on the album A Black Mass which appeared in 1968 with Imamu Amiri Baraka (LeRoi Jones), a radio horror play written by Baraka based on the Nation of Islam myth of the evil angel Sun Ra was born Herman Poole Blount in Birmingham, Alabama. His legal name is Le Sony'r Ra. Sun Ra's music ranged from keyboard solos to big bands of over 30 musicians; his music touched on virtually the entire history of jazz, from ragtime to swing music, from bebop to free jazz; he was also a pioneer of electronic music, space music, and free improvisation, and was one of the first musicians, regardless of genre, to make extensive use of electronic keyboards.Sun Ra's family was deeply religious but was not formally associated with any Christian church or sect. The Black Masonic Lodge was one of the few places in Birmingham where African-Americans had essentially unlimited access to books, and the Lodge's many books on Freemasonry and other esoteric concepts made a large impression on him.In 1956 Sun Ra started to perform jazz concerts with his Arkestra using Egyptian and science fiction images. He was one of 1950s pioneer of synthezisers and electronic instruments. Ra also created the "Astro Black Mythology" as a context for his music and life with a thoroughly developed cosmology and he claimed to be not from this planet, but from Saturn - the planet that was associated with the color black in Old Egypt. For inspiration he looked at Egypt's civilization.Claiming that he was of the "Angel Race" and not from Earth, but from Saturn, Sun Ra developed a complex persona of "cosmic" philosophies and lyrical poetry that made him a pioneer of afrofuturism as he preached awareness and peace above all.The melody from this song also appears on the albumwhich appeared in 1968 with Imamu Amiri Baraka (LeRoi Jones), a radio horror play written by Baraka based on the Nation of Islam myth of the evil angel Yakub . According to the Nation of Islam (NOI), Yakub (also spelled Yacub or Yakob), was a scientist alive 6,600 years ago, responsible for creating the white race, a "race of devils". According to NOI doctrine, Yakub 's progeny were destined to rule for 6,000 years before the original black peoples of the world regained dominance, a process that began in 1914. When the women are asked to contain Yakub with an incantation, they use the melody from this song.
Greg Broussard better known by his stage name Egyptian Lover is an American musician, vocalist, producer and DJ, and was an important part of the L.A. dance music and rap scene in the early 1980s. Egyptian Lover records didn't start appearing until several years after the New York and Miami electro scenes were already in full swing, and by the mid-'80s Egyptian Lover cuts like "Egypt, Egypt" were standards among club DJs, particularly in the breakdance scene. Before Ice-T, N.W.A., and Eazy-E made Los Angeles famous (or infamous) for gangsta rap in the late '80s, the city's rap community was best known for a high-tech, futuristic approach that owed a lot to Afrika Bambaataa's 1982 classic, "Planet Rock." In the early to mid-'80s, L.A.-based electro-hoppers like the Egyptian Lover, the World Class Wreckin' Cru (the group that Dr. Dre belonged to before N.W.A.), the Arabian Prince, and Uncle Jam's Army didn't get much respect from East Coast hip-hoppers, who insisted that their music wasn't gritty enough.
Bombing. He moved to the US and started selling grills (gold teeth) in New York and Miami, a business which he continued after his return to England in 1988, and turned into his trademark. Goldie pushed the genre of drum n bass by fusing it with soul vocals by Diane Charlemagne. Goldie is Clifford Joseph Price. Price was a member of a breakdance crew Westside, based in the Whitmore Reans and Heath Town areas of Wolverhampton, in the 1980s. He later joined a breakdance crew called the B-boys, and made his name as a graffiti artist in the West Midlands. His artwork around Birmingham and Wolverhampton was featured heavily in Afrikaa Bambaataa's documentary. He moved to the US and started selling grills (gold teeth) in New York and Miami, a business which he continued after his return to England in 1988, and turned into his trademark. Goldie pushed the genre of drum n bass by fusing it with soul vocals by Diane Charlemagne.
Lost Children of Babylon is a Nuwaubian hip hop group from Philadelphia. Nuwaubian hip hop groups call their style Nu-wop. They debuted with a conscious style, with lyrics filled with Nuwaubian teachings of Dr. Malachi Z. York and different theories of the creation and destination of the human soul. Together, they made an album rife with quotes from The Matrix and rhymes about ancient Egypt, outer space and chromosomes, all laid over futuristic/sci-fi beats that seem transplanted from other worlds.
“None of it makes sense,” Toni Anderson’s mother, Liz Anderson, says of her disappearance. “She could be anywhere at this point.”
Toni left work at the Chrome Club shortly after 4 a.m. to meet up with a friend, Kansas City police tell PEOPLE. But she never made it.
“It just doesn’t make sense to me,” Anderson says. “I have no clue — it’s just bizarre.”
Actor Wil Wheaton, known for his roles in Star Trek: The Next Generation, Lost and The Big Bang Theory made a few interesting comments on his blog.
"Perhaps, but it would also be far easier for you to make an attempt on my life. No, Mister Potter, I'm afraid that you'll have to make do."
That’s Schuette’s position, and he’s asking the Michigan Supreme Court to step right in and put a stop to this nonsense: Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette wants the Michigan Supreme Court to halt a presidential recount in Michigan before it begins. In a court action filed today, Schuette echoes arguments made for President-elect Donald Trump, arguing Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who received just over 1% of the vote in Michigan, is not an “aggrieved” candidate entitled to a recount, and there isn’t time to complete a recount, even if Stein was entitled to one. “If allowed to proceed, the statewide hand recount could cost Michigan taxpayers millions of dollars and would put Michigan voters at risk of being disenfranchised in the electoral college,” Schuette, in a filing signed by Chief Legal Counsel Matthew Schneider, said in asking the Michigan Supreme Court for immediate consideration of his petition barring a recount.
The World Bank estimates that at $1.4 billion annually, international remittances make up a quarter of national GDP.
In any single player 4X game, the capability and competency of its AI controlled opponents is of the utmost importance. Can the AI manage its holdings effectively? Can it defend itself from external threats, yet continue to expand and take offensive actions against others? Will it have rapid personality swings and make seemingly schizophrenic diplomatic decisions?
That’s ultimately up to the individual player, but in my opinion, as long as the AI is competitive, this is a forgivable sin. In most playthroughs I am far and above my opponents in all categories, but against 7 opponents on brutal difficulty, I found myself in close to last place in each category for a significant length of time, meaning I was going to have to work very hard and effectively to survive. This, in my case, makes me feel comfortable with their advantages. This is pretty common in 4X games anyway, but I did want to point this fact out to those that may have been wondering.
I’m also pleased to report that your allies will often agree to your requests to declare war against another race, although whether or not they decide to do anything other then make a declaration is difficult to tell. There isn’t a direct request like “send me help now”, or “go attack target X” that I could find, so it seems war is more a state of what could happen rather than what will happen.
Speaking of features you may feel are missing, and if you are someone who values community interaction, I feel it is worth mentioning that StarDrive’s developer currently has over 2600 posts on his forum, which is an average of over 7 posts a day. If you’ve ever been frustrated by the silent treatment some developers present you with, or have felt like your voice hasn’t been heard, then StarDrive may make you feel differently. I have personally witnessed numerous ideas and balance changes presented by the community that have been implemented throughout the beta period.
Conspiracy Theory A maintains that The Book of Henry — Trevorrow’s critically mauled, commercially stillborn art-house passion project — which arrived as the June follow-up to his $1.6-billion-grossing sophomore co-writing/directorial effort Jurassic World — may have given Lucasfilm cold feet. Star Wars remains, after 40 years, eight films, and a combined $7.5 billion at the box office, arguably moviedom’s most valuable intellectual property. And Henry’s craptacular reception exposed glaring liabilities in the director’s ability to make the jump to lightspeed, as the thinking goes.
The 23-year-old man reported that he had made arrangements online through Facebook to purchase a cell phone from a woman and that when he arrived to meet her at the intersection of Leland and Spaulding avenues, two men approached him and one of the men pointed a semi-automatic handgun at him and took $450 in cash, police said.
Unfortunately, extraction’s not always easy—or quick! The process can take seconds, minutes, or even days, depending on how it’s done. While investing time into getting the perfect coffee is commendable, I happen to have a ridiculously short attention span and am incredibly impatient—I’m not waiting 12 hours for a drink! So I turned to science, which helped me make cold brew in a fraction of the time it usually needs.
While we all love coffee, there’s also plenty of other things you can make with vacuum infusion.
So aside from the brevity, why is vacuum infusion so good? Well, it doesn’t compromise the flavours of the coffee, unlike the nitro-method (which I find makes the coffee taste really metallic). All the pure, beautiful flavours and aromas stay true.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) said Monday that she has no intention of backing a contender in the Democratic presidential primary just yet.
“[I have] concerns about everybody’s relationships with Wall Street,” she said in Springfield, Mass. "This is a rigged game, and it’s rigged because Wall Street makes sure that in every decision that gets made they’re there. They make sure they’ve got their lobbyists and their lawyers so that everything tilts just a little more in their direction. This is what I’m fighting every day in the United States Senate.”
Evan Parent claims MillerCoors deceived him by advertising their product, Blue Moon, as a craft beer produced in a small brewery when in actuality the product is made in large plants, according to the lawsuit.
After learning the way the beer was made and marketed in 2012, he stopped purchasing the beer.
“We’re not afraid to have NAFTA looked at and negotiated but I think it’s important that it doesn’t drag on,” said McNeil. “We need to make sure investment confidence is still high.”
Several papers, including one published by Weniger's group, argue that pulsars are the more likely candidate for these gamma rays, but for now, astronomers can’t quite make that distinction with 100 percent confidence. For that, they will either need to take in more data (similar to using a longer exposure time in photography), find better ways to process the data (similar to sharpening images using software), or just build a better telescope, perhaps one of the dozens of proposed concepts being considered by NASA and other non-U.S.-based space agencies.
--Make the election system less trustworthy. Computerize the vote and make recounting a joke, make sure voting is not verifiable.
The right has invested hundreds of millions in their echo chamber. The Rush Limbaugh show lost money for years before it became popular. Congress has passed legislation that has made it easier to decrease media diversity, easier for media conglomerates to form-- and only the right has taken advantage of these opportunities. In fact, the legislation was probably written by lobbyists for operations like Fox and Clear Channel.
Now, fans of SEVENTEEN have demanded an explanation from “The Show” over an error that made it allegedly impossible to vote for SEVENTEEN through the Chinese site. Posts on online discussions boards claim that SEVENTEEN’s pre-broadcast points were inaccurate as the numbers didn’t increase after fans paid and cast their votes, while AOA maintained first place with a maximum score of 99.99 for four consecutive days. It can also be seen that SEVENTEEN’s points fluctuated over the same time period, raising speculation about a possible error in the voting procedure.
By all means, make money on the speculation. But always remember that the true, driving factor of sustainable price growth is universal adoption. It is important to constantly check the news and follow projects you believe in on social media. In 2018, the implementation and follow through of promises (particularly relating to scalability) made in 2017 will be critical to firmly legitimizing the crypto industry’s place in the world markets and proving the naysayers wrong, once and for all.
Also, keep an eye on the evolving securities laws surrounding crypto, particularly Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). There has been no overall decision yet by the SEC pertaining specifically to the classification of ICOs, though they have written a detailed report concluding that the DAO token sale did qualify as a security. For background on what the DAO was, the ensuing hack, and the SEC decision, click here. Before making the decision to participate in any ICOs make sure you speak with a lawyer and carefully consider any risk you may be assuming. Becoming independently familiar with the Howey Test and the family of related Securities Acts is a great idea for anyone looking to become a more responsible and informed investor.
This is a situation that happens every few months, without fail. When this happens, it is crucial to take a step back and breathe. Go hang out with your friends and grab a beer. Zoom the chart out and look at the year-to-date, or at least the last few months. You’ll realize that the current correction is merely a blip on the radar in an otherwise upward trajectory. It’s easy to drive yourself crazy and make emotional decisions if you stare at 30-minute candles for 18 hours a day. Don’t be a weak hand that panic sells, only to buy back higher once the correction is over. Remember, buy low and sell high, not the other way around.
That being said, it is doubtful that 2018 will be as explosive as 2017. There will be fewer stories of 6,500% percent gains. However, there will be extraordinary amounts of money to be made and hopefully, you all take advantage of it! It will be important to keep everything in perspective, from gains to losses and everything in between. We are poised on the edge of a blockchain revolution in many industries. Be smart, stay calm, and make some money.
If you’ve made it this far, I applaud your resilience. Before I finally let you go, here are a few other good pieces of advice to remember in 2018:
It’s only a loss once you sell. But don’t be afraid to exit unprofitable positions. If you believe in a project, just buy and hold. Very few people make money trading. Don’t try to be a hero. There’s no shame in taking profit. What goes up must come down. And what goes down generally comes back up. Things are never as good as people say they are, and they’re never as bad as people say they are. Do your own research and come to your own conclusions. Relying too heavily on others will burn you and you won’t understand your own investment. Don’t trust anyone else with your money. There is no substitute for good research and understanding of your investment. Fundamental analysis is crucial. Never trade or invest on emotion. As a rule of thumb, don’t buy the all-time high. What goes up will almost always come back down. Only invest what you can afford to lose. Only invest what you can afford to lose. ONLY INVEST WHAT YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE.
Our next category is for Best Technology, which is assigned to the card that made the biggest contribution to the underlying tech in an AIB partner card for 2017. This one goes to the EVGA ICX cards (Amazon), responsible for implementing NTC thermistors across the entire PCB, improving VRM cooling by increasing baseplate surface area, and significantly overhauling ACX after the Great Thermal Pad Incident of 2016. Video cards don’t change much generationally, so to see a company move to install thermistors on critical non-GPU components is big. It may not seem like it to the average user, but if you think about it from a testing perspective, ICX gives us new tools to improve thermal testing accuracy of aftermarket coolers, water cooling blocks, and validate our own external case temperature measurements of VRMs with NTC thermistor measurements. ICX has become a tool for benchmarking, as it’s easy to measure temperatures of components that would usually go unrecognized. This comes at a time when other manufacturers have dropped the ball on VRM thermals, like Zotac with the Amp Extreme and its poor thermal performance when compared to the sheer mass of the cooler. As GPUs continue to reduce power consumption and cards get smaller, temperatures of components other than the GPU core become increasingly relevant. ICX complements what we do with our own thermocouples, and has become an important tool for testing other cooler designs.
The Dumbest Trend award goes to gigantic heatsinks. In what can only be described as a measuring contest, some manufacturers have continued to increase the mass and physical size of their GPU coolers, often with minimal gain in thermal performance, or in noise-normalized performance. What’s worse, a lot of these massive coolers overlook cooling basics, like physically connecting hot VRM components to the oversized heatsink – sort of the entire point of a big cooler, really. Stretching into 3-slot designs with 3 pounds of metal doesn’t make the cooler automatically good. It just means it’s big, and oftentimes, not at all worth the added cost to buy. There are a lot of good 2.5-slot designs out there, like MSI’s Twin Frozr and ASUS’ Strix coolers, and cards like the Gigabyte Xtreme or Zotac Extreme are larger than each of these, yet worse in thermal performance. This comes down to smart design, as opposed to just using more metal for the sake of looking bigger.
There were 2,492 households, out of which 27% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older, male or female. The average household size was 2.51, and the average family size was 2.93.
Anti-Slavery would become a cover for British Imperialism as it expanded in India, and would serve as the excuse for the conquest of Africa later in the century. Actually I’m currently reading Gerald Horne’s “Negro Comrades of The Crown” which deals with the great use England made of the slavery issue against it’s american rivals mobilizing slaves to rise up against their masters during the war of 1812 or using black troops (former slaves) to defend Canada. It’s another masterpiece but lets return to Eric Williams Classic work which has inspired (and doubtless been plagiarized by) so many recent historians.
But it was not merely the wealthy plantation owners of the colonies that made their fortunes off of slavery. The economic growth of the English cities was closely tied to slavery as Williams documents in extensive detail. Liverpool owed it’s fortune in the slave trade.
The Banking industry also owed it’s growth to the massive profits generated by slavery. In fact many bankers began as slave traders. Captain on a slave ship was the first step on the ladder that lead ultimately to the Merchant-Banker as Williams points out. One famous bank that made it’s fortune off slavery is Barclays for example. The rich West Indies Planters often became bankers on their return to England. Actually they were so rich that even the King was annoyed and envious of their opulence and they quickly married into the highest ranks of the nobility. Of course even the monarchs of Europe got rich off the slave trade. In fact one major reason for the “Glorious Revolution” as Williams points out was to destroy the lucrative royal monopoly on the slave trade opening the doors to the “Free Trade in Slaves” which would fuel England’s economic growth during the 18th century. England and France fought wars over the “Asiento” the right to sell slaves to Spain’s colonies.
Glowering, Anna took in the facade of the store her friend had dragged her to. Unremarkable, the building had a vaguely old-style look, and seemed to be made of stone. It was kinda pretty, in its drab glory, even she'd admit that.
Anna tuned out her ex-also-best-friend, and looked at the distracted woman padding in from the back. She was gorgeous! Hair like woven gold and stainless steel, a forehead that she could see herself slobbering on, brows that made her want to trace them out, eyes that-holy shit, her eyes! Deep pools of ice water, that Anna thought for an instant that she'd have looked into for hours, and still feel like needing to look more.
I want to make her smile like that again, Anna suddenly realised, and the realisation of what she was headed for shocked her into action. No stopping it now.
GS: Money matters always tell the story the best. The CD will clean out bank accounts. Or they play financial games. The reckless gambling and spending will all get discovered right around the time the aggrieved party has begun seriously contemplating the divorce. This makes it even harder to think about throwing in the towel because of how disadvantaged the victim will be walking out.
Character disordered people are not stupid people. They're contrary people. They know what the generally accepted rules are, they know what most people's expectations are. But they haven't made the decision in their heart to play by the rules most of us want them to play by. That's a matter of the heart.
Trying to reason with them to examine their behavior assumes something that is patently untrue. It assumes that what they need is insight. I make that point in my book. We live under this delusion. Therapists do this all the time! They think they are going to be the person who says just the right thing in just the right way, so that this time a light bulb is going to go off in this person's mind and all of a sudden they will understand and "see" the error of their ways! The problem is, they already understand!
It's not that the disturbed character doesn't know what they're doing and what damage comes from it. If the wounded party is crying their heart out and is miserable, it's not like you don't know what you've done and what an effect it has had -- it's right there. They already see this but disagree with the notion that they should conform their conduct and work to make amends.
UX designers have tools for building prototypes from an idea in a short period of time. Prototypes are the best way to try out more ideas simultaneously. And we iterate them. It is easier to make changes on a prototype than a pixel perfect design, or a running code.
We involve the whole team in the process. We, designers, are not lonely fighters. We are connectors. Connectors between users, developers and business leaders. We arrange workshops which gives us a great opportunity to gather the whole team together so we can brainstorm or make decisions cooperatively. And last but not at least, the final wireframes are better than any written specification. They show every feature and how they work.
We organize our tasks in sprints like developers do. A design sprint starts with a design meeting. This meeting have to be attended by the designers and by someone from the business and from the development side as well. It is a good chance to present the final design works and results of the researches. And then the team makes decisions regarding the upcoming questions. At the end of the meetings they clarify the action points, the tasks for the next sprint. And then the next sprint starts.
The full archive is made up of almost 800,000 files.
Image copyright CIA Image caption One set of documents details results of psychic tests on Uri Geller, where he attempted to copy drawings made by researchers from within a sealed room
All of this makes a good deal of sense when one considers the bridal typology deployed by St. Paul in his letter to the Ephesians. Here the Apostle frames up for us a view of sex and marriage whereby they are not ends in themselves, but rather are types of something higher, pointing to the deeper reality of the believers life giving one spirit union with Christ. Just as the sacrifice of the Passover Lamb in the Old Testament foreshadowed Christs atoning sacrifice in the New, so too the mutual self-giving and joyful receiving of spousal love, refers to Christ and the Church (Ephesians 5:32).
UNHCR is urging countries to make safer pathways available and consider “enhanced resettlement and humanitarian admissions, family reunification, private sponsorship, and humanitarian, student and work visas for refugees.”
In 1898, Schober left the university and joined the Rudolfsheim police inspectorate as an apprentice clerk (Konzeptspraktikant). He had completed his studies but had either not taken or not passed the complete set of graduation exams. He left, accordingly, not with a doctorate but an absolutorium. Being nothing but a glorified certificate of attendance, the absolutorium did not qualify its holder to receive the post-graduate education necessary to become a lawyer in private practice, a prosecutor, or a judge. Even so, it technically made its holder a person of academic rank. As such, it was good enough to permit admission into higher civil service. In particular, it qualified Schober to receive post-graduate training for the position of lawyer in police service (Polizeijurist). By 1900, Schober had completed his training with distinction and was assigned to the prestigious Innere Stadt inspectorate. Schober had been induced to join the police by one of his favorite operas, the Evangelimann, a play based on the 1892 autobiography of a Viennese detective inspector.
Because Schober was fluent not just in German and French but also in English, he was put in charge of protecting Edward VII during Edward's summer holidays in Marienbad. His proximity to the British monarch for six consecutive summers appears to have been the basis for the friendly relations to the English-speaking world that Schober was noted for later in life. The assignment also seems to have been a boost for his career. He was promoted to a position in the Ministry of the Interior proper, where he was involved in watching over the Emperor and the Imperial Family – protecting them, but also keeping them under surveillance. Effective March 1, 1913, at the relatively young age of 38, Schober was made one of the heads of the Office of State Security (Staatspolizei). When World War I broke out a little over a year later, Schober thus found himself one of the chiefs of Austrian counter-intelligence operations. He became noted for his lenient disposition. When Edmund von Gayer, the Vienna Chief of Police, was made Minister of the Interior in June 1918, Schober was appointed his successor. Schober also received the honorary title of Hofrat on the occasion.
On December 16, Chancellor Schober and President Michael Hainisch signed the Treaty of Lana, promising to honor the Treaty of Saint-Germain, to refrain from interfering in Czechoslovak internal affairs, and to remain neutral in the event on an attack on Czechoslovakia by a third party. Their counterparts, Tomáš Masaryk and Edvard Beneš, made equivalent promises in return. They also promised to put in a good word for Austria in London and Paris and, in fact, committed to a generous loan themselves. From the point of view of Schober, the treaty was a great success. Austria had given away nothing that had not long been lost already, and the symbolic gesture had been handsomely rewarded. From the point of view of the People's Party, the treaty was tantamount to treason. Austria had further reduced its chances of ever joining Germany and had sold out the Sudeten Germans to boot.
Although Schober had been mostly uninvolved in the events of July 15, the Social Democrats laid the blame for the loss of life squarely at his door. The Arbeiter-Zeitung called him a "bloodhound" ("Bluthund") and a "murderer of workers" ("Arbeitermörder"). Schober became a deeply controversial figure for the rest of his life and for decades beyond. Noted public intellectuals such as Karl Kraus, an eminent writer and erstwhile admirer of Schober's, joined the attacks. Kraus accused Schober of "fecklessness, deceitfulness, and abuse of power" and called for Schober to resign. He launched a poster campaign and railed against Schober in a 1928 stage play, The Insurmountables (Die Unüberwindlichen). In what has been called a "crusade" by commentators, Kraus would make Schober his prime target until the day Schober died.
In spite of the successful integration of Austria into the international community that Schober – and later Seipel – achieved, the country's economic situation continued to deteriorate. The currency collapsed into hyperinflation. Inflation was brought under control through a currency reform, but the foreign creditors funding this reform demanded a course of strict austerity that made most Austrians even poorer. Unemployment was high, unemployment benefits and pensions were inadequate. In fact, even Austrians in stable formal employment had trouble meeting basic needs.
The Heimwehr, made confident by its easy victory over Schober and intrigued by the successes of the Nazi Party in Germany, now decided to break with the Christian Socials and stand for election as a separate party, the Homeland Bloc (Heimatblock). Instantly, fears of a possible Heimwehr putsch resurged; the country felt that civil war was in the air. People's Party and Landbund united against their common enemy and convinced Schober to serve as the leader of their alliance, which they proceeded to name the Schober Bloc (Schober-Block).
The main item on the Ender government's agenda was Austria's economic situation, still deteriorating and utterly desperate by now. In a country of 6.5 million, the number of unemployment working-age adults was approaching 600,000. Only about half of them were receiving unemployment benefits. Heavy industry was shutting down; in industrial cities such as Steyr and Leoben, more than half the population had no remaining income whatsoever. Children went hungry and often literally barefoot. When Julius Curtius, foreign minister of the German Reich, visited Vienna on March 3, 1931, Schober and Curtius negotiated a customs union between the two neighbors. The idea had already been floated in 1917 and then in 1927, and it still made eminent sense for both sides. Austria's manufacturing sector would gain better access to the German market. Germany would gain access to Southeast Europe and would economically encircle both Czechoslovakia and Poland; in the long term, Czechoslovakia and Poland might choose to realign themselves away from France, their preferred partner in 1931, and towards the great power they actually bordered.
As the first Japanese prime minister’s spouse to make extensive use of social media, she has attracted both praise and scorn over her views on her Facebook page, where she has over 100,000 followers. She never blocks other users, however abusive they are.
Pandora just released its biggest web redesign since 2011. Back in the day, when Pandora first launched, everything was web first, mobile second. But as more and more people made the shift to mobile, so did development and design decisions, Pandora Software Engineering Manager Laura Leaverton told me.
“Web is one of our primary platforms,” Pandora Senior Product Manager Sunaina Gyani told TechCrunch. “We have a lot of very heavy web users. We wanted to make sure we were giving them an equally delightful experience.”
The NRPSs work like miniature assembly lines, combining building blocks through repetitive chemical reactions. Much like automobile assembly lines, these enzyme assembly lines are made up of different work stations (called modules) that each add on one section of the drug and in the process create antibiotics with new chemical features.
Because these enzymes are too small to see and constantly in motion, Prof. Schmeing and his team, used chemical traps to capture the proteins in the desired position. They then used a technique called X-ray crystallography to essentially take a series of 3D pictures of the first module of an NRPS that makes the antibiotic gramicidin (an active ingredient of the Polysporin cream which may be in your medicine cabinet).
The anti-illegal immigration protests Monday brought out new, first-time demonstrators and onlookers from many different backgrounds–from young enlisted Marines to legal immigrants from Germany, Mexico, and Central America. Karen Siegemund of Rage Against the Media, comedian and author Evan Sayet, and radio host Kender Macgowan made it out as well.
Nine Inch Nails played their first American show since 2009 at Lollapalooza this past weekend, delivering a stunning 100-minute set that SPIN ranked as the undisputed highlight of the festival’s first day. “The sound was like a minimalist remix molded in their own influences,” SPIN’s Christopher R. Weingarten wrote. “Equal parts Chicago house and Tubeway Army, playing songs like 1989’s ‘Sanctified’ with no guitars and letting Reznor bang a tambourine (!) on his chest for this year’s ‘Came Back Haunted.‘” Now, fans who couldn’t make it out to Chicago’s Grant Park can witness the entire show above.
Corrections Canada claims an interview with Omar Khadr would require unprecedented security precautions, including a prison lockdown, despite the fact that the 28-year-old often receives visitors and has been described as a model prisoner. An outline of the proposed security measures, contained in a court affidavit filed by the Bowden Institution, were made only after the Toronto Star, CBC and White Pine Pictures asked a federal court to intervene, arguing the government was violating the constitutional guarantee of a free press and the public’s “right to know” in blocking access to Khadr.
Repeated requests over the last two years to interview Khadr have been denied by government officials citing a section of a policy known as the “commissioner’s directive.” Internal emails obtained by The Canadian Press show one interview request, made soon after Khadr arrived in Canada in 2012 and was incarcerated at the Millhaven Institution, was approved by the warden, only to be overturned 90 minutes later by the office of the public safety minister. Meanwhile, Khadr has been visited by teachers, lawyers, students, relatives and other members of the public who have become involved in his case during his incarceration in Ontario and Alberta. Federal inmates are permitted to give interviews unless a warden finds that the risk is too great to staff and inmates, or to the operations of the facility — a decision that should be independent, free from political interference, said Sapers.
The push for expanding background checks received a minimal albeit unexpected boost this afternoon from former Arkansas congressman (and current Arkansas gubernatorial candidate) Asa Hutchinson, who was recently appointed by the NRA to lead its task force on putting armed guards into schools. “Absolutely, I’m open to expanding background checks,” Hutchison told Wolf Blitzer’s beard today. “You can do it in a way that does not infringe upon an individual and make it hard for an individual to transfer to a friend or a neighbor.”
It’s not exactly clear what Hutchsinson thinks “making it hard” would entail; background checks on private sales would make it hard if the gun’s would-be recipient is not legally allowed to own a gun. That’s the whole point. Still, Hutchinson’s qualified support for expanding background checks was enough to elicit a quick response from the NRA, which said that Hutchsinson was “not speaking” on its behalf.
Obviously Ronaldo is one of the best players in the world with great ability and you have to always respect that. However, I have always believed that on the pitch, everybody is equal. Ronaldo is human, and I have never been afraid of any player that I have played against. If you prepare yourself in the right way, and study the opposition in as much detail as possible, it can make your job of tracking top players a whole lot easier. Every player in La Liga is a top player and that’s why it's one of the best leagues in the world.
On July 30, Reps. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and John Lewis (D-GA) introduced the “Employee Empowerment Act,” legislation that would make joining a union a legally protected civil right. The bill would bring union membership under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act – the same legislation that bars employment discrimination based on race, gender, religion, national origin and more.
That’s why I think I got choked up. It didn’t take me 60 seconds to talk to that mother about reading; but for the few seconds I gave her, her life, and her 5 children’s lives, were dramatically changed for the better. We think of medicine as saving people’s lives. In this case, maybe I saved several people’s lives; but unlike a more conventional view of medicine, I did not simply restore them to what they were before. Maybe I helped to make them much better, maybe I gave them a life that was larger, and fuller, and happier.
So that’s my talk for new parents. Maybe some of you can use it or share it, or change it and make it better. I hope so.
The company’s Selmer location currently makes refrigerators, freezers and similar products. Now it wants to add an additional 120,000 square feet to the building to house the assembly of a new line of refrigerators and freezers as well as the new packaged terminal air conditioners.
appropriately," she said. "We want to make sure this is done properly and people need to recognize it will take some time but it will be done."
You might not be thinking this is important news; if coaches are essentially paying themselves with the money their team makes and you’re not on the hook for the money (most of the time), what’s the big deal? Compensation practices in the private sector, after all, aren’t closely monitored, with a few notable exceptions like that of executive compensation at publicly traded companies.
The issue here is that athletic coaches make a salary far, far above that of most other state employees, highlighting the pay disparities in the United States. While no one wants to begrudge someone an earned salary — and coaches do work, hard, for their salaries — there’s a growing social divide in the United States that’s neatly illustrated by this stark look at pay across the country.
Those highway workers laboring in the hot sun? They earned a mean annual wage of around $36,000, according to the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics data. Social workers? $45,000. That’s still well above the poverty rate in the United States, but it’s often not enough to survive in areas with a high cost of living, like New York, San Francisco and Chicago. Even as these state workers struggle to make ends meet, attacks from without suggest that they’re looting the state when they demand basic rights like access to their pension plans.
Something is clearly awry when the highest-paid state employee makes millions and those working at the ground level rarely, if ever, break $100,000 annually. While coaches have a role to play, their outsize salaries are out of touch with the reality lived by other state employees, speaking to a larger social disconnect when it comes to prioritizing how we spend public funds and how we treat various professions.
The Portuguese manager made one addition to United's defence in his first window at Old Trafford, recruiting Eric Bailly from Villarreal for an initial €35million fee.
Though Mourinho advised his new club to sign a second central defender and full back in the summer window, neither reinforcement was secured as Woodward and his staff failed to make space in United's squad by moving out any of a group of senior professionals deemed surplus to requirements.
“California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard establishes an unworkable program that will not meet its goals,” Chevron spokesman Brent Tippen said in an interview. “The Air Resources Board should undertake an immediate and accelerated review of the program and make fundamental changes to its design and the timing of its implementation.”
Critics of the fuel standard stress that alternative, low-carbon biofuels, particularly cellulosic ethanol made from materials like wood or grasses, are not being produced in high enough volumes to significantly offset the use of traditional fuels.
Under the standard, fuels — from gasoline to ethanol made from corn, sugar or cellulosic materials — are given carbon intensity “scores” by state regulators. Carbon intensity is measured by the entire life cycle of the fuel — from the well to the wheel — taking into account greenhouse gas emissions from extracting and refining to transporting the fuels to local gas stations.
The authentic New England-style lobster roll, which made its official buttery comeback in 2015, has returned once again to locations throughout the Northeast. Made with North Atlantic lobster (sourced from wild lobster fisherman at East Coast wharfs), mixed with mayonnaise and layered with shredded lettuce on a toasted roll, the sandwich is somehow only going for $8.99 — a steal compared to most restaurants' prices, which peg a lobster roll at anywhere from $15 to $20.
And O'Shea struck to make it 2-2 from a Gary Roberts cross to earn a replay.
After Davey smashed in a superb opener from the edge of the box, Slocombe made fine saves from Doyle and Armand Gnanduillet to keep the hosts ahead.
However, Doyle struck from the penalty spot after Roberts was fouled to make it 2-1.
It really started back in March. We did a talk/presentation/Q&A session about polyamory for a conference on queer sexuality at Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts. We talked about our family, how we came together, how our dynamics work, did a little bit of polyamory 101 and answered questions. Some folks in the audience expressed disbelief. We made it sound too easy. The way we’ve been living lately reminds me of that. It does feel easy, and if I were reading about it on some website, I wouldn’t believe it, either. But it only feels that way because we laid the groundwork years ago. Being poly isn’t easy. We’re constantly checking in with each other, talking about our lives, our goals, our fears, all that relationship stuff. Our family didn’t happen automagically, although someone just meeting us now wouldn’t really know that.
We made a conscious choice to prioritize each other, and that, more than anything else, is the secret to our success as a poly family. Communication is easier if you know that every one of your partners will make the time to talk to you if you need them. Dividing up labor is simpler if you know your partners will do things for you simply because you asked. They might even do it specifically how you want it done if you ask nicely enough, or explain why it matters. Knowing that you are a priority makes it much easier to reciprocate in kind.
Because we made each other our priorities, we’ve found a way to work through every issue that’s come up, large or small. When one of us had an outside partner that wasn’t good for any of us, we fought long and hard over it. But because we knew that our priority was the family, we had the courage to work through some very scary stuff. Being able to remember, in the heat of an argument, that yes, my partner really does make me a priority, even though you may not be able to see it just then, is an enormous comfort.
Making your partners a priority is not a magic bullet. If relationships were that easy, an entire segment of the book industry wouldn’t exist, and tons of therapists would be out of work. But if you make your partners, however many you’ve got, feel like they are important, that their needs matter, and that they are your priority, you’ll building your relationship on a strong foundation.
Angela Kennedy, a 15-year trustee who was named chair Monday after running unopposed, made the comments in an interview with Matt Galloway on CBC radio's Metro Morning. She didn't use the words "gay-straight alliance" in her response.
The board is facing a $16-million deficit. Kennedy said she will make an effort to reduce that number without negatively affecting student learning.
"It's about re-prioritizing," she said. "We want to make sure our students have the best learning environment."
Trading code is a high-stakes secret for high-frequency firms that battle each other to earn razor-thin profits on tiny price imbalances in the market. Such firms can make thousands of trades per second and provide much liquidity to the market. High-frequency trading is estimated to be involved in more than half of all U.S. stock trading. Regulators have said the algos behind such trading were a factor in the flash crash, but that they did not cause it. Carlo di Florio, who heads the SEC's Office of Compliance, Inspections and Examinations, said the agency started asking firms for proprietary algorithmic trading data over a year ago, and has since more broadly incorporated such requests into its risk-based exams. Most of the algo-related requests, he said, have been made to hedge funds that use quantitative trading strategies. Although some lawyers and industry sources have said the SEC has asked for the actual computer code itself, di Florio said such a request is "very rare." Instead, most of the time the SEC has been asking for research papers containing sensitive information about trade reasoning and proprietary formulas.
I mean, I’d almost like to do another Beatles list the next day and have it be a different order just to make the point that this is ridiculous. The point of it isn’t the ordering.
Sometimes when people criticize me I say, “The numbers don’t lie,” and that gets people even madder, but I’m just trying to make it clear that this is completely preposterous. It’s an exercise in writing, and hopefully interesting writing. It’s just to say interesting things to think about it.
That’s the one thing that I wish people would think about criticism and I think would make the world a better place when it comes to journalism too. We hopefully want smart, quality writers who don’t have hidden agendas. I don’t like trolling. I believe in clear expository writing. I believe in the intelligent and curious but disinterested reader. That means someone who’s smart and someone who’s open minded but also disinterested, meaning if I’m not interesting enough he or she will just move on. If you think that people are smart and they’re open minded and they want to read something interesting then that’s what I try to do. That’s the mixture that motivates those.
“I believe that NATO intentionally fuels the perception of Russia as a threat… Like any organization, the North Atlantic Alliance wants to continue existing and the only reason for prolonging its existence is you… the Russians,” he said. . . . In the current historic moment, NATO “isn’t a useful organization, but a dangerous one,” Bonnet said, adding that “the North Atlantic Alliance should be disbanded altogether.” “I saw what NATO did in Yugoslavia [in 1999], waging a war there without an international warrant… Now NATO is invading Afghanistan, although this country isn’t in the North Atlantic,” he said. The intelligence veteran slammed the bloc’s policies towards Russia, saying that “it makes no sense to make the Russians worry. It’s completely pointless to make [the Russians] nervous. Don’t tease the ‘Russian bear.’”
After his guilty pleas, an Alabama judge ordered Bentley to serve one year of unsupervised probation, make restitution and give up his retirement benefits from the state. He also agreed not to run for another political office, Brooks said.
So I am going through a monumental day in my life today, I essentially just decided to make building my own company my number one priority and am potentially sacrificing my current job in the process.
Third Position (This card crowns the querent, and in my humble opinion represents the whispering of the True Will) : The Hanged Man: This card is about letting go. For me in this chapter of my life its about letting go to pursue my dream. I have been very restrained and conservative in my approach, it was definitely an uphill climb. My favorite business guru Gary Vaynerchuk often talks about the role of your DNA in business. He feels if you want to be truly successful, truly happy, and be able to maintain the energy levels one needs to do great things you have to play to your DNA. You have to focus on the things you really enjoy and come naturally to you. This makes sense because if you focus on these tasks you will be able to work much, much harder. This is counter intuitive for me and for the things that I want to be focused on, it can seem like I am dropping out of society and facing terrible debt. But I know its my DNA and that I can work my ass off if I embrace that. I think another aspect of reading this card that I want to embrace is giving up urgency. I know from my study of positive psychology that this kind of approach is healthier. Interestingly enough the Hanged Man is considered to be the opposite of the Mage which I chose to represent me. Though I would point out that in the esoteric and mystical approach one can gain more control and power by surrendering it.
Fourth Position (The base of the matter, that from which the querent rises): Wheel of Fortune (inverted) : This is one of my only two inverted cards. The Wheel of Fortune seems to be one of those cards that you read the inverse as just being a toned down version of the right side up version. One of the meanings of this card is a sense of destiny. I think it is fair to say that my life has been building up with a deeply suppressed sense of destiny. I am a deterministic materialist. I don’t believe in any cosmic sense of destiny, and believe that randomness overall prevails. But I do believe that one must have a sense of the destiny they want to create, and that this is likened onto Gary Vaynerchuk’s concept of DNA or Crowley’s concept of the True Will. There is also an aspect of having a personal vision built into this card. Its inversion makes me laugh because I would definitely say that I have been indulging in these things at a toned down level building up to present events.
Rand argued that “life is the only phenomenon that is an end in itself” (VS, 17). She did not mean mere existence, but rather the life appropriate to the nature of the organism. No more ultimate value than life can be conceived for any given organism when life is defined as the fullness of existence appropriate to one’s nature. But not only is life the highest value of any given organism; life is also that alone which makes the concept of values possible (VS, 16). For, since a “value is that which one acts to gain and/or keep . . . it presupposes an entity capable of acting to achieve a goal in the face of an alternative” (VS, 15). Therefore, without life values are not possible, and so life must be valuable since on it hangs the very validity of the concept of values. If one is to conceive of values at all, he must ascribe value to life or else contradict himself by devaluing that which makes his very devaluation possible.
If man is to be man he must will to think. His basic means of survival is reason. “No percepts and no instincts will tell him how to light a fire, how to weave a cloth, how to forge tools, how to make a wheel, how to make an airplane, how to perform an appendectomy, how to produce an electric light bulb or an electronic tube or a cyclotron or a box of matches. Yet his life depends on such knowledge—and only a volitional act of his consciousness, a process of thought, can provide it” (VS, 21).
I agree with Ayn Rand that if man is to survive and live as man, he must live by his reason. That is he must think clearly about reality and make judgments on the basis of what he perceives to be real. “Why do you not judge for yourselves what is right?” Jesus asked (Luke 12:57; see 1 Corinthians 10:15; 11:13). It is true that whatever negates, opposes, or destroys rationality or logic is evil. Blind faith is not a virtue. John Galt, the hero of Atlas Shrugged, is right when he says:
Do not say that you’re afraid to trust your mind because you know so little. Are you safer in surrendering to mystics and discarding the little you do know? Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hock-shops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error. (FNI, 178; AS, 982)
Since your values are determined by the reality of who you are as a rational man, the struggle to achieve your values is the struggle to live. But the ambition and effort to experience life as a man is merely the existential form of the ambition (in psychological form) to be happy (VS, 29). Rand makes it very clear that by happiness she does not mean just any kind of pleasure. Self-interest must be qualified by “rational” (VS, 60): only that which is proper to a rational being is good and the ground of true happiness (VS, 23). This is why she opposes traditional hedonism which declares that “the proper value is whatever gives you pleasure” (VS, 30).
Important information about our AA Accessories Shop on-line customers’ personal data We’re sorry. We are aware of concerns that we fell short in our handling of reports that some personal data from the AA Shop on-line had been compromised. We accept the criticism that the issue should have been handled better. We are grateful for the support of the information security community in flagging issues to us. Some of our customers’ personal data, given to us when they shopped online at our AA shop, became insecure when our service provider made an error with its computer systems leaving backup data exposed. We took steps to correct this when we were notified of this issue and then commissioned an investigation by external experts. This is ongoing, but we can now share the following information: We have notified the relevant authorities.
Therefore, Saliheen are the reformers who set things right. Reformation is a vital part of faith as faith should never be static. This is because anything that doesn’t grow is dead. If I have the same outlook on the world 10 years from now, I have failed to utilize the time to help me grow as a person. Muslims are encouraged to continually make reforms in their beliefs, whenever better information presents itself. That alone should make us more humble and compassionate towards each other, as the “I know it all” mindset gets suppressed.
The woman involved claims that the pool had discriminated against her because she was a Muslim and not because her burkini was against any standards of hygiene. She also claimed that the swimwear was not made of cotton as the swimming pool had claimed, but rather was made out of the same fabric as all swimwear which is usually either lycra, polyester, or nylon.
A spokesman from the sports centre, Manfred Faly, said that there was no specific ban on the burkini in Vienna saying, “burkinis are basically all right – as long as it meets the hygiene and safety standards”. He insisted that any swimsuit must be made of a material that is both water resistant and dries quickly. Mr. Faly said that cotton isn’t a material that would meet those two standards.
The Stadthallenbad isn’t the first Austrian swimming pool to have banned the Islamic garment. The Lower Austrian township of Hainfeld banned the burkini after a local Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) councillor made the request also citing safety and hygiene concerns.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE’s presidential campaign raised $15.6 million in the month of May, ending the month with more than $9.2 million in cash on hand, Federal Election Commission reports show.
The influx of cash came even as the Democratic primary for president wound down, with Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE becoming the party's presumptive nominee earlier this month.
While a statement like this is most alarming for EPL fans, it shouldn’t be taken lightly by fans of North American leagues. Even if it appears to do very little, it has already set a precedent. A major professional league is taking a very public stance on the issue, opening the door for other leagues to do the same. Sure, it’s impossible to fully enforce, and the league’s legal standing is murky. But simply by coming out against it, this allows other leagues to cite precedent and makes it more likely that they’ll follow suit.
This is bound to make waves in England, and soon enough, the ripples will be felt on the other side of the pond.
“Looping” is another key term associated with this process. The original footage of the on screen dialog is looped for the actor to record their new dialog. As the footage continues to be looped, the goal for the actor is to precisely match the timing and rhythm of the filmed dialog, in order to make the syncing of picture and sound as smooth as possible (incidentally, the loop record function in Pro Tools makes this task very efficient – simply have the actor perform the slice of dialog in sync with a loop of the recorded footage and takes will be stored for convenient comping).
It’s important to shed light on these recording techniques. The audio world is a broad spectrum and it’s interesting to remember that sound can be designed to disappear into the background in service of the greater good. This doesn’t make the art any less deliberate or considered though. It’s created to be incidental, but it’s still created.
Meanwhile, as Port Authority crews were digging at the site of the South Bathtub between Liberty and Cedar/Albany Streets in 2010, they uncovered parts of an 18th-century ship. The discovery was made about 30 feet down. Experts believe that the vessel was discarded in its location, near the intersection of Washington and Cedar Street, as part of the landfill that helped form Washington Street. The ship is thought to have been constructed in the 1770s near Philadelphia and is recorded to have been a 55-feet long flat-bottomed structure.
The Hyperloop could shuttle people between New York and Washington DC in 29 minutes, Musk said. It would make stops in Philadelphia and Baltimore.
New York and Philadelphia city representatives said Musk has not made any contact with officials about the Hyperloop Project.
Note to readers This is the first release of data from the new Canadian Income Survey ( CIS ). It is based on annual income information for the 2012 reference year. The CIS reports on many of the same statistics, such as individual and family income, as the Survey of Labour and Income Dynamics ( SLID ), which last reported on income for the 2011 reference year. The 2012 CIS uses a different methodology compared with that used in SLID . Comparisons of CIS and SLID reveal differences in estimates between 2011 and 2012 that are attributable to the two surveys having different methods, rather than a true change in the characteristics of the population. For more information on the differences between CIS and SLID , see the report "Note to Users of Data from the 2012 Canadian Income Survey." Statistics Canada will release results from the 2013 CIS in July 2015. This will be a first step towards the generation of a new income series using CIS data. As annual statistics on income are more informative when comparisons can be made over time, by December 2015, Statistics Canada will release a revised series of income statistics that will allow for the comparison of 2012 and 2013 data to earlier years. Until revised historical statistics are prepared and analyzed to ensure that they are as comparable as possible to the current CIS results, the results of the CIS should not be compared with those produced by the SLID or other previous income surveys. It is valid to compare estimates for different subpopulations within the CIS , such as estimates for different provinces or demographic groups. This release examines the income of economic families and unattached individuals, as well as low income in Canada. An economic family refers to a group of two or more persons who live in the same dwelling and are related to each other by blood, marriage, common-law, adoption or a foster relationship. This release largely analyses income on the basis of medians. The median is the level of income at which half the population had higher income and half had lower. This analysis reports on low income solely on the basis of the after-tax low income measure ( LIM-AT ). Previous releases had provided analysis based on the Low-income Cut-off ( LICO ). While many low-income measures, including the LICO , are well suited to the analysis of trends in low income, the LIM-AT is better suited to the analysis of low income in the CIS because the threshold level of income below which one is considered to have low income is itself derived from the households that responded to the survey. Other low income lines (the LICO and Employment and Social Development Canada's Market Basket Measure) are available in the article "Low Income Lines, 2012-2013," as part of the Income Research Paper Series (Catalogue number75F0002M), and low-income statistics based on each of the lines are available in CANSIM tables 206-0003 and 206-0004.
When Shelby approached the car, the doors were closed, and the windows were open, Wood said. She looked into the passenger's side to make sure no one was on the floor of the car, and as she was getting ready to move to the driver's side, she turned around and saw Crutcher walking toward her, Wood said.
He even went so far as to make the nickname Stutterin’ Boy, conferred upon him by the singer Webb Pierce, the title of his autobiography (written with Walter Wager and published in 1984), and to have it painted on the side of his tour bus. He named his personal airplane Stutter One and referred to his female backup singers as the Stutterettes.
Marks said Williams alleged that other employees made racially tinged comments to him, but said his EEOC claim was dismissed and none of his allegations could be corroborated.
In 2008, the CEO of British Petroleum (BP), Tony Hayward, announced that BP's safety record, which was one of his key foci as head of BP, was “now among the best in our industry” (BP, 2008). Under his leadership, BP ran operational safety training sessions for its employees and encouraged a culture of safety in an effort to attend to key stakeholders such as employees, the community, and the environment (Kolmar, 2007). However, in 2010, the Deepwater Horizon explosion shattered BP's positive safety record when managers missed key safety warning signs, resulting in the loss of 11 lives and creating the worst offshore oil spill in United States history (Jervis & Levin, 2010; Rogers, 2010). Moreover, Hayward's reaction to the spill was seen as cold and perceived as minimizing BP's responsibility for the spill as well as the environmental damage to the Gulf of Mexico (Korosec, 2010; Zarroli, 2010). Following from such instances of corporate wrongdoing, business practitioners and academics have dedicated increased attention to firms’ corporate social responsibility (CSR), which refers to firm behavior that goes beyond compliance or legal requirements to provide some social good (McWilliams & Siegel, 2001). One prominent approach to understanding CSR is the stakeholder approach in which a firm is deemed socially responsible when its actions attend to the interests of not only its shareholders but also other firm stakeholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007). Drawing on this stakeholder approach, researchers have focused on understanding the antecedents and consequences of CSR. For instance, top management team (TMT) demographics, values, sociocognitive traits, and firm attributes such as decentralization of decision making and research and development expenditures have all been identified as important antecedents to a firm's ability to manage the needs of multiple stakeholders (e.g., McWilliams & Siegel, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1994, 1995; Waldman et al., 2006; Wong, Ormiston, & Tetlock, 2011). In turn, research indicates that, on average, CSR is positively related to firm financial performance (for a review, see Margolis & Walsh, 2003; Orlitzky, Schmidt, & Rynes, 2003). Although this research has advanced our understanding of CSR, several important questions remain. First, although we have a better understanding of CSR and its benefits (e.g., increased firm financial performance), past research has rarely considered the negative consequences of engaging in CSR. Relatedly, we have less of an understanding of corporate social irresponsibility (CSiR; Lange & Washburn, 2012), which refers to actions that negatively impact the interests of stakeholders (Strike, Gao, & Bansal, 2006). The limited research on CSiR has considered how CSiR and CSR are related, with research finding that they can occur concurrently (e.g., Strike et al., 2006) or that CSiR is offset by subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For instance, Chatterji and Toffel (2010) found that firms that received negative environmental ratings subsequently improved their environmental performance. Although such research helps us to better understand the relationship between CSiR and subsequent CSR, it does not consider whether CSR influences later CSiR. Returning to the BP example at the beginning of this paper, this literature provides little guidance to understanding the conditions under which BP's socially responsible behavior (i.e., increasing its safety record) might have subsequently increased its less responsible behavior (i.e., ignoring safety warnings and minimizing BP's responsibility). Second, studies examining CSR and CSiR have generally provided a firm‐level perspective of this relationship. However, given that strategic leaders (i.e., CEO and the senior executives who belong to the TMT) make strategic decisions about CSR, it is surprising how few studies explore the effect of top leaders on CSR (but see Thomas & Simerly, 1995; Wong et al., 2011), and only one study to our knowledge theorizes that strategic leaders affect CSiR actions (Pearce & Manz, 2011). Further, few researchers approach CSR from a social psychological perspective (Rupp, Williams, & Aquilera, 2011), even though applying these theories could elucidate when leaders’ personal characteristics influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Therefore, important questions remain as to whether and when leaders influence the relationship between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we address these questions by examining the relationship between CSR and CSiR. First, we study whether prior CSR affects subsequent CSiR. We approach this question through the lens of strategic leadership, which suggests that leaders influence organizational strategy and in turn firm outcomes (e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996) such as CSR and CSiR. Specifically, we focus on the effects of strategic leaders’ psychological processes on CSiR. We draw on moral licensing research to argue that top leaders who have previously implemented CSR strategies will glean moral credits from this past behavior, which leads them to develop a strategy that mistreats firm's stakeholders. Second, we consider the moderating role of leader characteristics on this relationship. Although moral licensing research consistently shows a positive relationship between moral behavior and subsequent immoral behavior, recent research suggests that this relationship may be affected by individual differences (Mulder & Aquino, in press; Zhong, Ku, Lount, & Murnighan, 2010). One relevant individual difference is moral identity symbolization, or the degree to which being moral is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (Aquino & Reed, 2002). We argue that leaders’ moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Our study furthers research on strategic leadership, CSR, moral licensing, and moral identity by examining the effect of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR in publicly traded firms.
The Influence of Prior Corporate Social Responsibility on Corporate Social Irresponsibility Over the past few decades, firm stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and employees, have put increasing pressure on firms to manage their interests; in other words, firms are increasingly expected to heed the calls of their multiple stakeholders. When firms are able to successfully manage these myriad demands, they are deemed socially responsible (Freeman, 1984). As business practitioners’ demands and academics’ understanding of CSR have become finer grained, so too have the definitions of CSR. Greenwood (2007) suggests CSR exists along a continuum anchored at one end by firms that actively engage with and act in the interest of varied stakeholders (i.e., are responsible) and anchored at the other end by firms that have more limited interactions with and may act in the interest of only powerful stakeholders (i.e., are irresponsible). Others have argued that although responsibility and irresponsibility are related constructs, they are distinct and thus should not be considered as opposite ends of the same continuum (Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Oikonomou, Brooks, & Pavelin, 2012; Strike et al., 2006). This more recent distinction between CSR and CSiR highlights that they both involve action toward stakeholders and that firms can potentially engage in both CSR and CSiR. We adopt this view and consider stakeholder management to involve both CSR, or actions that attend to the interests of multiple stakeholders beyond just shareholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007), as well as CSiR, or actions that negatively affect stakeholders (Strike et al., 2006). Examples of CSR include charitable giving within a community, providing employees flexible work arrangements such as flextime, and ensuring the quality of consumer goods. Examples of CSiR include actions that have resulted in controversies concerning the firm's economic impact on the community, gender discrimination, and designing and selling unsafe products and services (Kaptein, 2008). In short, the more positive actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially responsible a firm is deemed, whereas the more negative actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially irresponsible a firm is deemed (Strike et al., 2006). Given these distinctions between CSR and CSiR, a growing body of research has sought to understand and clarify their relationship. In a first examination of the CSR–CSiR relationship, Strike and colleagues (2006) found that international diversification led to both CSR and CSiR, suggesting that firms could simultaneously be responsible and irresponsible toward their stakeholders. Additional evidence for this relationship can be drawn from Mattingly and Berman (2006), who found that environmental CSR was positively correlated with concurrent environmental CSiR. They noted, “perhaps firms that tend to adopt environmentally friendly programs are often those that tend also to cause harm or to extract from it” (p. 34) and suggested that further research into this positive correlation between CSR and CSiR was needed. Other research finds that socially irresponsible behavior (i.e., CSiR) sets the stage for subsequent socially responsible behavior (i.e., CSR; e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For example, Muller and Kräussl (2011) found that companies with poor social reputations were more likely to make disaster relief donations after Hurricane Katrina than were companies with positive social reputations. The key argument underlying these studies is that firms offset their negative reputation by engaging in CSR. Although this research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of why CSiR influences CSR, researchers have yet to explore whether the opposite relationship occurs such that CSR influences CSiR. In addition, although previous research on the link between CSR and CSiR has primarily taken a firm‐level approach, we propose that a more micro‐level approach would be useful to disentangle the linkages between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we draw upon strategic leadership theory and psychological licensing research to examine the role of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR. Below, we briefly review these approaches. With regard to the strategic leadership approach, one fundamental tenet is that leaders (e.g., the CEO and senior executives who comprise the TMT) typically make decisions regarding the firm's strategic direction, including social performance policies (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Hambrick & Mason, 1984; Thomas & Simerly, 1994; Wood, 1991). Thus, we approach our understanding of how CSR relates to CSiR through an examination of the ways in which leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR relate to their subsequent CSiR decisions. Research on psychological licensing can help us understand how leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR can influence later CSiR. Psychological licensing refers to perceiving that one can behave in a potentially socially undesirable way without fear of discrediting his or her self‐image (Miller & Effron, 2010). Whether an individual feels licensed or not is based on one's past behavior (Monin & Miller, 2001). For instance, having been a healthy eater for 11 months out of the year, one may feel licensed to indulge during the holiday season. In this way, one can still feel as though they are a healthy person because the 11 months of healthy eating bolsters one's self‐image and, therefore, diminishes the risk of discrediting him‐ or herself as an unhealthy person. The concept of licensing in moral domains (termed moral licensing) is germane to our focus on CSiR. Moral licensing is the psychological process that leads people to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. According to moral licensing research, people desire to maintain a positive moral image not only to others but also to themselves (Mazar, Amir, & Ariely, 2008; Monin & Jordan, 2009; Monin & Miller, 2001). Therefore, they want to avoid engaging in actions that are morally discrediting or that signal to themselves or others that they are unethical (Monin & Miller, 2001). As in the case of general psychological licensing, when determining if an action will be morally discrediting, people look to their past behavior, and if “people can call to mind previous instances of their own socially desirable or morally laudable behaviors, they will feel more comfortable taking actions that could be seen as socially undesirable or morally questionable” (Miller & Effron, 2010, p. 118). A number of studies have shown that moral behavior leads to morally questionable behavior at the individual level. In one of the first demonstrations of this effect, Monin and Miller (2001) found that people who were given the opportunity to disagree with sexist statements (e.g., “Most women are better off at home taking care of the children”) were subsequently more likely to make a sexist decision about who to recruit for a manufacturing job. Monin and Miller termed this process of non‐prejudiced attitudes (i.e., socially desirable behavior) subsequently leading to prejudiced attitudes (i.e., morally questionable behavior) as “moral licensing.” This study highlights that moral licensing is domain specific such that engaging in moral behavior in one domain leads to immoral behavior in the same domain. Although a large body of research has demonstrated the domain‐specific nature of moral licensing, recent research also shows non‐domain specific moral licensing can occur such that being ethical in one domain licenses a person to be less ethical in another domain. Mazar and Zhong (2010) show that prior moral behavior (i.e., environmentalism) can lead to morally questionable behavior (i.e., giving less to charity) as well as clearly immoral behavior (i.e., lying in order to receive a greater payout). As applied to our research, these studies are important in that, first, moral licensing is argued to have occurred when moral behavior leads to either morally questionable behavior or clearly immoral behavior, and second, it can be either domain or nondomain specific. Not only does one's own past moral behavior license someone to subsequently engage in immoral behavior, but moral licensing research finds that people use the actions of their ingroup, or similar others, as a guide for their own future behavior. Drawing on research on identity and vicarious self‐concept theory (Goldstein & Cialdini, 2007), Kouchaki (2011) suggested that people incorporate aspects of important others into their own self‐concept and use others’ moral behavior to define who they are. Consequently, when ingroup members behave in a moral manner, individuals internalize this moral behavior as their own and feel licensed to engage in morally questionable behavior. The previously discussed findings on moral licensing give rise to the question of why people feel licensed to engage in immoral behavior after previously engaging in socially desirable behavior. One reason may be that moral behavior is like a monetary currency (or creates moral credits) that can be banked and then drawn on when one engages in less moral behavior (Sachdeva, Iliev, & Medin, 2009). Nisan's (1990, 1991) moral balance model first discussed this notion of moral credits, arguing that individuals aim to maintain moral balance (i.e., balance between good and bad deeds) and use past behavior to determine their balance. After a person feels he or she has engaged in enough moral behavior to achieve moral balance, they are subsequently more likely to engage in immoral behavior. This inconsistent behavior (i.e., immoral behavior after moral behavior) is thought to stem from people's tendency toward self‐interest (desire to be less moral) on the one hand and their tendency to behave according to social norms (desire to appear moral) on the other hand (Beruchashvili, Gentry, & Price, 2006; Nisan, 1990; Sachdeva et al., 2009). In a series of survey studies, Nisan (1991) found support for the moral balance model. We draw on Nisan's moral balance argument to suggest that, after making strategic CSR decisions, leaders are more likely to engage in unethical behavior because of the moral credits they believe they have accumulated. In summary, this past research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of moral licensing at the individual level within experimental settings; however, researchers have not explored whether and when moral licensing occurs within organizational contexts. The importance of studying moral licensing in an organizational context can be drawn from a recent study by Castilla and Benard (2010), which examined gender discrimination. In a set of scenario studies they found that meritocratic organizational values led participants to make gender‐biased decisions about bonuses. Castilla and Benard were not explicitly speaking to moral licensing research; however, their findings are in line with this research area and warrant further investigation of moral licensing at the organizational level. Although research has yet to examine moral licensing at the organizational level, we propose that, because top leaders influence firms’ strategic decision‐making processes (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Finkelstein, Hambrick, & Cannella, 2009), the implementation of a CSR strategy will license them to engage in organizational wrongdoing. Specifically, given that people desire to appear moral, top leaders may feel pressure to develop socially responsible strategies that consider the needs of multiple stakeholders. The development and implementation of a CSR strategy may help leaders create a moral image of themselves and their firm, and ultimately provide a sense of accumulated moral credits. For instance, prior to the Enron scandal, former CEO Kenneth Lay endowed chaired positions at universities as well as donated vast amounts of money to charity (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). Indeed, “upon his taking the helm of the corporate merger that resulted in Enron, Lay became a big player in the charitable and philanthropic environment of Houston, the state, and the nation” (Non‐Profit Quarterly, 2006). Such behavior on the part of the leader builds his social responsibility credits, which may license him to commit socially irresponsible behavior in the future. In other words, top leaders may feel that when they have acquired moral credits through a CSR strategy that balances the needs of multiple stakeholders, they can then put forth a strategy that cuts corners or is potentially harmful to stakeholders. A second route that prior CSR could lead to CSiR is through employees’ reactions to their leader's previous CSR strategy. Recall that when a person feels strongly identified with another individual or group, he or she internalizes their past moral behavior and subsequently is more likely to engage in unethical behavior (Kouchaki, 2011). Applied to organizations, employees who identify with their organizational leaders may feel that the prior CSR strategy set by these leaders licenses them to be less careful in their relationship with stakeholders. For example, recall Hayward's implementation of a safety culture at BP. BP employees may have felt that Hayward's actions and more broadly the firm's reputation for being safety conscious carried over to them and they may subsequently have been less careful about monitoring key safety warning signs. In sum, we argue that top leaders are in charge of making key strategic decisions that influence firm outcomes and that when they implement a CSR strategy it helps them accrue moral credits. These moral credits allow them to be less vigilant toward managing stakeholder needs or even engage in unethical behavior without discrediting themselves or their organization. Moreover, employees may feel licensed to engage in unethical behavior toward stakeholders because they have categorized their leader as part of their ingroup and internalized their past CSR action. Formally, we propose: Hypothesis 1: Prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR.
The Influence of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on the CSR–CSiR Relationship Although moral licensing research has found that individuals are generally inclined to engage in morally questionable behavior after having engaged in socially desirable behavior, this process runs counter to the fundamental psychological finding that people desire consistency in their beliefs and behaviors (Audia, Locke, & Smith, 2000; Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Thus, recent calls to examine when licensing occurs and whether some people remain consistent in their moral behavior across time have been issued (Merritt, Effron, & Monin, 2010). In other words, it is important to understand when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency. Some boundary conditions to moral licensing have been suggested, with Mulder and Aquino (in press), for instance, proposing that an individual difference, moral identity, influences the consistency of moral behavior across time. Moral identity is the extent to which being moral is central to one's sense of self (Aquino & Reed, 2002; Blasi, 1984). It is comprised of two components: internalization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is central to one's sense of self and is privately expressed, and symbolization, which refers to the degree to which moral identity is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (e.g., Aquino & Reed, 2002; Mayer, Aquino, Greenbaum, & Kuenzi, 2012; Reed & Aquino, 2003). Given our focus on leader moral action (e.g., CSR strategy implementation), rather than the leader's internal moral state, we examine how leader moral identity symbolization affects the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Individuals higher on moral identity symbolization engage in activities and behaviors that signal to others that they are moral beings. These individuals may signal their morality through actions because of a genuine desire to communicate the importance of their moral identity. Alternatively, they may engage in moral behaviors because of a self‐interested desire to present themselves in the most positive light as well as manage others’ impressions of them (Bolino, 1999; Goffman, 1959; Winterich, Aquino, Mittal, & Swartz, 2012). In other words, individuals high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral actions to either highlight their true morality or instead to mislead people about the value they place on morality (i.e., their moral actions may be insincere). Conversely, individuals who are lower on moral identity symbolization make little effort to signal to others that morality is important to them and may even engage in behavior that signals that morality is not valued.1 To formulate our arguments regarding the impact of a leader's moral identity symbolization on the CSR–CSiR relationship, we draw upon Mulder and Aquino's (in press) study that examined the role of moral identity internalization in the relationship between past and subsequent moral action. They found that individuals high on moral identity internalization were less likely to donate money to a charity after previously telling the truth than were individuals low on moral identity internalization who instead remained consistent in their behavior (i.e., they donated money to a charity after previously telling the truth). To explain these seemingly counterintuitive effects, Mulder and Aquino draw on control theory (Carver & Scheier, 1982; Weiner, 1948) to suggest that attaining a moral standard (i.e., a goal of being moral) is more important for individuals high on moral identity internalization than for individuals low on moral identity internalization. When individuals high on moral identity internalization have not met, or, conversely, have surpassed their moral standard, they engage in “discrepancy reduction efforts” (Karoly, 1993, p. 33) to achieve balance between their current and desired moral state. And when individuals high on moral identity internalization have met their moral standard (i.e., satisfied their goal), they focus on other goals, even goals that may result in less ethical behavior. Mulder and Aquino suggest that these efforts to meet a moral standard are what results in either moral cleansing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in immoral behavior) or moral licensing (when individuals high on moral identity internalization have previously engaged in moral behavior). Although Mulder and Aquino (in press) studied moral identity internalization, their findings provide a foundation for thinking about the role of moral identity symbolization in the CSR–CSiR relationship. We draw upon their consideration of control theory to explore how moral identity symbolization affects the CSR–CSiR relationship. Recall that moral identity symbolization may or may not accurately reflect a person's internalized moral identity. In other words, an individual who is high on moral identity symbolization may engage in moral action simply to present him‐ or herself in a positive light and to manage others’ impressions of them. Therefore, we argue that those high on moral identity symbolization may be more focused on monitoring their behavior to determine if they have accumulated enough moral credits than will those who are low on moral identity symbolization. Further, they will look for signals in their environment that communicate whether they have gleaned enough moral credits to appear moral or not. Given that Mulder and Aquino (in press) find that referencing one's past actions is central to guiding future behavior, one key signal for leaders is prior CSR. First, we consider the case of high levels of prior CSR. High levels of past CSR should signal to leaders with high moral identity symbolization that they have met their moral standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, these leaders will perceive that their past symbolic gestures of morality (i.e., prior CSR) have bolstered their moral credits. As such, this goal of appearing moral will be less accessible or active for leaders high on moral identity symbolization, causing them to engage in fewer symbolic acts that signal their moral image to others. Instead, they may attend to other goals that may have been ignored (e.g., shareholder wealth), potentially resulting in unethical stakeholder management (e.g., harming the environment in an effort to increase profits for shareholders). Alternatively, comparing their current state to a moral standard will not be as important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization. Instead, they are likely to focus on other goals that are more central to their self‐definition. Therefore, leaders low on moral identity symbolization will not be as reactive to past CSR and instead will be more likely to remain consistent in their strategies toward stakeholders, irrespective of past CSR. Next, we consider the case of low levels of prior CSR. In this case, leaders with strong moral identity symbolization will feel that their current state does not meet their standard of appearing moral to others. In other words, they have not accrued enough moral credits to satiate their need to appear moral to themselves and others. Past research finds that when an individual's moral identity is threatened, and thus the desire to meet this moral standard is heightened, he or she will engage in ways to self‐symbolize a positive moral image (Burke, 1991; Skarlicki, Van Jaarsveld, & Walker, 2008). We predict that leaders high on moral identity symbolization may be more likely to attend to this signal and actively work to be viewed as socially responsible by stakeholders. One way in which this may occur is through reduced wrongdoing toward stakeholders. For example, the CEO may publicly communicate to employees that wrongdoing toward stakeholders is unacceptable. On the other hand, as mentioned above, because appearing moral will be less important to leaders low on moral identity symbolization they will engage in the same level of CSiR, irrespective of past CSR. Hypothesis 2: Moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
Neil McLaren was a sensible and seasoned shooter but he'd made a mortal error, getting into a car after a shooting trip without checking his shotgun. The car hit a bump, the gun went off and he was dead.
McLaren worked with a Canadian production house to film a documentary, which will be aired in North America and Australia (on SBS) next month to follow this week's launch of his book JFK: The Smoking Gun. Hickey died in 2011, which makes it easier to tell the story without the fear of a lawsuit. Hickey had attempted to sue Mortal Error's publishers but failed.
Tillman's enlistment was such a public relations coup that when he was killed by a trigger-happy American soldier in 2004, the cover-up ran from his own commanders to the White House. Tillman's family were lied to for months about who killed their son. Which would make perfect sense to the Secret Service bosses who apparently covered up George Hickey's blunder for 50 years.
For those of you who don’t already know, he is one of a new breed of fitness and nutrition experts whose no-bullshit approach to health is helping make the subject accessible to all. Even better is the fact he is a rugby nut currently plying his trade for Ipswich YM RUFC.
You’re never going to get all of the nutrients you need from the same foods everyday so make sure you’re mixing up your diet. Not only will this help to ensure you are getting all the right kinds of nutrients you need but it will also help to keep your meals interesting. Nobody is ever going to stick to a really restrictive diet so make sure you vary it up a bit to ensure you stick to your goals.
– portion of meat with veg/salad and some carbs such as a jacket potato Snacks – whey protein shake, smoothie made with milk and mixed fruits or some fruit salad and greek yoghurt with honey
The thing Ben made most apparent for me was how wrong a lot of health advice out there is. For years the mantra particularly of Government backed advice is that all fat is bad, well if you want a counter argument for that just look at Ben. He’s in great shape and has a diet that isn’t restrictive and is full of healthy fats allowing him to play and train on a pretty much daily basis. His tip about a magnesium supplement should also come in pretty handy this season as I find myself spending more time than I would probably like to in the front row.
In July, the city held a public meeting to consider a six-month pilot of the protected bike lanes. The city has decided to skip the test run and simply make a permanent upgrade. But the proposal in July also considered extending the bike lane protection down Lombard Street; Lombard’s painted bike lanes will remain unprotected.
Stock Car Brasil second tier driver Mauri Zacarelli entered the series in the second RC3 Bassani Peugeot at Cascavel. After one round with Boettger Competições, Justino made his return at Bassani for the Curitiba round. Honda Brasileiro de Marcas driver Vicente Orige made his début with Bassani at Velopark. In Taruma Felipe Gama return to Stock with Bassani after eight seasons.
Once you have their money, you never give it back. (“The Nagus” [DS9]) Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to. (“The Maquis, Part II” [DS9]) Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. (“The Nagus” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]) Keep your ears open. (“In the Hands of the Prophets” [DS9]) Small print leads to large risk. (Legends of the Ferengi) Opportunity plus instinct equals profit. (“The Storyteller” [DS9]) Greed is eternal. (“Prophet Motive” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Anything worth doing is worth doing for money. (Legends of the Ferengi) A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along. (“Melora” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. (“Heart of Stone” [DS9]) Satisfaction is not guaranteed. (“Meridian” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Never place friendship above profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) A wise man can hear profit in the wind. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money. (“Acquisition” [ENT]) There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9]) Never insult a Ferengi’s mother. Insult something he cares about instead. (“The Siege” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) It never hurts to suck up to the boss. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) War is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Siege of AR-558” [DS9]) Peace is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Perfect Mate” [TNG]) She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) Profit is its own reward. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never confuse wisdom with luck. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t trust a man wearing a better suit than yours. (“Rivals” [DS9]) The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Never ask when you can take. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Babel” [DS9]) Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. (“Armageddon Game” [DS9]) There is no substitute for success. (Legends of the Ferengi) Free advice is seldom cheap. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Keep your lies consistent. (Legends of the Ferengi) The riskier the road, the greater the profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “Little Green Men” [DS9], “Business as Usual” [DS9]) Win or lose, there’s always Huyperian beetle snuff. (Legends of the Ferengi) Knowledge equals profit. (“Inside Man” [VGR]) Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum. (“Civil Defense” [DS9]) Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (“The Homecoming” [DS9]) Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge. (Legends of the Ferengi) The flimsier the product, the higher the price. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never let the competition know what you’re thinking. (Legends of the Ferengi) Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits. (Legends of the Ferengi) Females and finances don’t mix. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9], “Profit and Lace” [DS9]) Expand or die. (“False Profits” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]*) Enough... is never enough. (Legends of the Ferengi) Every man has his price. (“In the Pale Moonlight” [DS9]) Trust is the biggest liability of all. (Legends of the Ferengi) Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever. (“The Jem’Hadar” [DS9]) Sleep can interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Faith moves mountains... of inventory. (Legends of the Ferengi) There is no honor in poverty. (Legends of the Ferengi) Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack. (“Rivals” [DS9]) Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9], “The Darkness and the Light” [DS9]) Never have sex with the boss’s sister. (“Playing God” [DS9]) Always have sex with the boss. (Legends of the Ferengi) Everything is for sale, even friendship. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) You can’t make a deal if you’re dead. (“The Siege of AR-558” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Wives serve, brothers inherit. (“Necessary Evil” [DS9]) Only fools pay retail. (Legends of the Ferengi) There’s nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Know your enemies... but do business with them always. (Legends of the Ferengi) Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money. (Legends of the Ferengi) Hear all, trust nothing. (“Call to Arms” [DS9]) Never cheat a Klingon... unless you’re sure you can get away with it. (Legends of the Ferengi) It’s always good to know about new customers before they walk in your door. (“Whispers” [DS9]) The justification for profit is profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. (“Little Green Men” [DS9]) Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success. Don’t hesitate to step on them. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach. (“The Maquis, Part I” [DS9]) You can’t free a fish from water. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9]) Always know what you’re buying. (Legends of the Ferengi, “The Abandoned” [DS9]) Beware the man who doesn’t make time for oo-mox. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Profit and Loss” [DS9]) Latinum lasts longer than lust. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) You can’t buy fate. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never be afraid to mislabel a product. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) More is good. All is better. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wife is a luxury. A smart accountant is a necessity. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t let doubt interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) When in doubt, lie. (Legends of the Ferengi) Deep down, everyone’s a Ferengi. (Legends of the Ferengi) No good deed ever goes unpunished. (“The Collaborator” [DS9], “The Sound of Her Voice” [DS9])
I failed to make happen what I still think is a critical factor in the future success of Bletchley Park as a whole. If the two trusts cannot work together, the future success of Bletchley Park as a fundamental, international heritage site is under threat.
I believe that mediation and getting both trusts talking to each other is the best way forward in ensuring a safe and successful future for Bletchley Park. I may not have been able to make that happen, but I think that there will be someone who will be able to. I’ve spent the last couple of months trying to work who that might be. Who would be the person, or organisation that would be able to strongly “encourage” this solution to happen?
It has often occurred to me that maybe it would have helped to have more women involved at a high level. BPT and TNMOC are not exclusively male, but they are mainly male. Would having a few more women involved to encourage communication and collaboration rather than competition been a good idea? I think so. Having a gender balance can make a difference in these types of situations.
I believe that the fact that this dispute is now in the public eye is a good thing. It has opened up to the public a situation that has festered long enough. The UK public and many people around the world absolutely LOVE Bletchley Park. It is an awesome place. The place where more than 10,000 people, mainly young women, worked to save *millions* of lives during World War 2. The birthplace of computer science, the place where Alan Turing and others like him worked tirelessly for us. So that we and millions of others around the world like us could live in peace. We owe it to these people, and to the site itself, to now help these two organisations work together. To make Bletchley Park the successful, international heritage site that we can all be proud of. We CAN do that. It MUST happen.
Whatsupic -- This is madness - freedom of speech should be sacrosanct. It is a god-given right to think or say what we want. Is it not the case if one chooses to spout drivel one merely succeeds in making oneself look decidedly foolish? However, what makes this move to criminalize anti-Semitism at the UN so utterly reprehensible are two things - firstly, Zionists aren't Semitic! They originated from Khazar which is now a region known as Georgia. Zionists do not possess a drop of Semitic blood! Rather like the way they've stolen Palestine, they've usurped Judaism too. The mother of all ironies as Rabbi Weiss once said "the greatest cause of anti-Semites is Zionism!" Secondly, Zionists are without a shadow of doubt the most racist, wicked, deluded people on the planet and if the truth were ever told, (and this is what all this nonsense at the UN is all about) the world would soon realize - much of the grief today is of their making!
So surely, those who suffered horrendous miscarriages of justice would at least receive compensation? Not a murmur! Not even an apology! Worse still, I'd like to bet 19 out of 20 people still believe 6 million Jews died in the Holocaust! It matters not that the official figure has been revised. This is the beauty of owning the media - YOU MAKE THE NEWS! Not one Zionist has been made to answer for this outrageous lie even though they've been well and truly found out. They know if they impose a blanket boycott on a news item, even one that in normal circumstances would qualify as a fully-fledged front page headline, it's almost as if it never happened. And the Chutzpah that's derived from this ungodly power to pull the wool over everyone's eyes - it's business as usual - full steam ahead! The Zionists won't stop. Sure enough, now they have the gall to coerce the UN into initiating a universal ban on anti-Semitism! This is beyond the pale. Freedom of speech is a fundamental right. Our right! Laws justifiably are designed to punish wrong-doing ie human actions. Anyone responsible for ushering in a law that curtails thought or speech IS A CRIMINAL - PERIOD!
To say something is terribly amiss is a chronic understatement. Historical events should always be open to question not just because the winners write the history books but because everything should be open to question! It is our right, most especially when there's little or no evidence to corroborate the story we're being told. Yet hold the phone - now they want to make it illegal to criticize Israel. You see that would be anti-Semitic....... but wait - Zionists aren't Semitic..... the Palestinians are though; so are the Iraqis! This whole sordid affair has long since past the farcical stage. Zionists don't want people to question the Holocaust for 2 main reasons - firstly, for 70 years it's acted as a tool to draw sympathy and so justify the creation of Israel as well as ward off criticism they so rightfully deserve. Secondly and most importantly, if their account of the Holocaust was above reproach, would they give two hoots if someone chose to investigate? Think about this because this is the big giveaway. They throw a fit each and every time and it's obvious why. Serious researchers can only discover one thing - the truth. The reason they don't want anybody questioning the Holocaust is because they know - any meaningful investigation will rapidly arrive at one conclusion - the Holocaust was a massive Zionist con trick!
So lo and behold - those who are responsible for all the False Flag events; those behind the JFK assassination, the attack on the USS Liberty in 1967 where 34 US sailors were killed in a botched attempt by the Israelis to pin the blame on Egypt and above all, the very people who planned and executed 9/11 - are now trying to make it illegal for anyone to criticize them! You'd think it couldn't get much worse than this! Wrong! Zionists are of the Ashkenazi tribe. They are not Jews. They were originally from Georgia, Russia. By the time of the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, they'd assumed control of virtually every significant position. What followed was murder and mutilation on a scale that truly beggars belief. I read Alexander Solzhenitsyn book 'Two Hundred Years Together.' After all, this dissident won the 1970 Nobel Prize for Literature. His credibility could not be questioned yet this book was a blow by blow account of how 66 million Russians were butchered by the Ashkenazi. So I had to read it and my oh my - some of the methods of torture were so revolting at times it was positively stomach churning. Families would be forced to watch their children being mutilated one by one. It still gives me nightmares. To take someone's life for no reason is deplorable but I cannot for the life of me comprehend how any human could wish to inflict such unimaginable fear, pain and horror upon anyone. I don't care what upbringing one may have had - this is sick.
Disclaimer: This website is informational only. It makes no suggestions or recommendations about any subject.
The best way to mitigate this issue is to enforce proper patching management. Make sure to update all your systems with the latest version of glibc . If you have any systems exposed on the internet and you want to make sure that this vulnerability is not triggered then the following Wireshark filter could be useful: (DNS.length>2048 to see malformed packets). A DNS response has a maximum of 512 bytes (typically), note that the DNS reply is truncated. Even if the client does not accept large response, smaller responses can be combine into a large one which can also trigger the vulnerability. A possible filter is to monitor the size of the entire conversation as a distinct amount of bytes in total is require to trigger specific responses from vulnerable client and all of them requires more than 2048 bytes.
Here’s where you can find more information about the entire Huggies Product Range to help make nappy change time easier.
A decision to upgrade ERP cannot be made lightly. Deloitte practitioners present some practical advice for navigating the hazards.
Upgrading or enhancing ERP systems can be a sensitive topic in many organizations, and for good reason. Organizations have spent significant financial and political capital to reach their current state with ERP; careers have been made (and lost) based on the outcomes. ERP comprises a sizable percentage of IT spending and has an even larger influence on business operations. A decision to make changes to ERP will likely attract intense scrutiny from business leaders and should be approached with caution.
Understand vendors’ competing approaches. Today’s leading vendors are placing different bets. SAP focuses on extensibility and ubiquity, while Oracle emphasizes convergence and integration. The various cloud players seek to create disruptions on the edge that will bleed into the core. The burden is on each organization to understand vendors’ plans and articulate their own business vision in similar terms. They can then invest where the plans and visions are clearly aligned, and make intelligent bets where there is uncertainty.
“We need the key to release the energy. So far we can only store it for 114 years. We want to make energy stored in VHF much less stable than DHA, so that VHF will release the energy. I’m working on different ways to make DHA more stable. We have the goal to double the amount to 500kJ/kg.”
Portland Commissioner Steve Novick made it official Tuesday morning: a vote on the city's controversial street fee is getting delayed until November.
"We have not taken care of our largest asset: our streets. We have to change that," Mayor Hales said. "We've been talking about this for 13 years, and we held several town halls this winter and spring to hear from people. Despite that, many constituents still haven't been heard yet. We get that. Postponing the Council vote will give people time to weigh in on whether this is the best solution to this dire need, and to consider changes to make it work better."
To make this a bit more concrete, lets initialize a new list and append two items. We’ll show the objects graph after initialization and after each append.
At the start of the French Revolutionary War, she was part of the Mediterranean fleet which occupied Toulon at the invitation of the Royalists in 1793 before being driven out by Revolutionary troops in an action where Napoleon Bonaparte made his name. During this operation Captain was deployed in the Raid on Genoa. In June 1796, Admiral Sir John Jervis transferred Captain Horatio Nelson from HMS Agamemnon into Captain. Jervis appointed Nelson commodore of a squadron that was first deployed off Livorno during Napoleon's march through northern Italy.
In February 1797, Nelson had rejoined Jervis's fleet 25 miles west of Cape St. Vincent at the southwest tip of Portugal, just before it intercepted a Spanish fleet on 14 February. The Battle of Cape St Vincent made both Jervis's and Nelson's names. Jervis was made Earl St Vincent and Nelson was knighted for his initiative and daring.
And you know what makes me angrier still? The fact that I have to hide my identity and remain anonymous in writing this essay. If I outed myself as a Trump supporter, I would be harassed and doxxed and shunned by everyone I know and by the Twitter lynch mobs which up until yesterday I myself led.
Jones made a call to Hess, using "the dead guy's phone," Wolfe said, which was another one of Hess's demands. They were going to meet at Denny's that night for payment, but Hess never showed up. Another recorded phone call was made, making arrangements to do so the following morning on April 18, 2014.
German fun metal band JBO made a version of the song with changed lyrics ("Always Look on the Dark Side of Life") for their album Sex Sex Sex. German fun punk band Heiter bis Wolkig also made a version with changed lyrics called "Versuch's mal von der breiten Seite zu seh'n". The British duo Amateur Transplants made a parody version of "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" as well, with lyrics in which only the name and the chorus of the original song are retained.
The song was made popular as a football chant by Aston Villa F.C. supporters in the 1980s and adopted by other clubs.
For that reason, NASA made photography a high priority during the Apollo missions, redesigning cameras that could operate in the punishing environment of space and inventing ultra-thin film that would allow a single roll to contain 200 exposures. Of the thousands of pictures taken, only a comparative few were chosen for the public to see. They were the best of the images, no surprise, and that made sense. But their very perfection sometimes made them seem almost sterile. It was the outtakes—the astronaut in the clumsy pose, the litter left on the lunar surface, the too-bright sun flaring off the lens—that revealed the missions to be the often unglamorous, often improvisational camping trips they were.
Spaceflights were often reconnaissance missions and dirty portholes could make that job impossible. Gas trapped between layers of glass or moisture picked up on the way out of the atmosphere could make windows impossible to use, though the fogging or streaking would often clear up as the sun warmed the spacecraft skin. The public saw only the pretty pictures shot through clear windows, but here the Apollo 12 crew took a shot to show NASA the challenges they faced.
The cockpit of the LEM was supposed to be a bright and active place, but on Apollo XIII it became a darkened still lifeboat, as the crew shut down nearly all of its power and took refuge in the hope of getting home after an explosion disabled their command module. In the middle of the instrument panel a label that reads “lunar contact” is barely visible. A blue light beneath it was supposed to flash on the moment the lunar module made contact with the lunar surface. On Apollo XIII, it remained forever dark.
It was often hard to tell the difference between the litter and the scientific experiments the Apollo astronauts left on the surface, as this image from Apollo XIV shows. In this case, the shot is of science; the gold, boxy object is the central station of what was known as the Apollo Lunar Surface Experiments Package (ALSEP). The tarp-like circle of silver with the can-shaped object to the left is the seismograph, one of six instruments that made up the ALSEP. The last of the experiment packages left on the surface winked out on Sept. 30, 1977, close to five years after the final lunar landing.
If there was one sight that could make an Apollo astronaut nervous, it was this. The Earth in this image from Apollo XI looks dauntingly far away and the lunar module—which appears to have been stapled together from sheet metal—seems barely up to the task of making the trip off the surface. In fact it was more than capable, and its lightweight design was one of the thing that made it so flight-worthy. Only the top half of the lander—the silver section, here photographed from behind—would lift off from the moon. The bottom portion—the mostly gold colored struts and legs—would serve as a launch platform and remain behind.
UPDATE: Per a source with knowledge of the situation, it’s a six-year, $61.5 million deal. He’ll make $18.1 million in 2011 and $27 million over two years, making him the second highest-paid Steeler of all time, behind only Roethlisberger. Adam Schefter of ESPN reports that the move created $3.5 million in cap space, which means that they still need to cut more than $4.5 million by 4:00 p.m. ET today.
At camp, the children do all the typical camp things. They canoe, they craft, they roast marshmallows. Almost all of the children are biological boys who like to wear girl’s clothing. The weekend culminates in a fashion show with the works: red carpets, a runway, and fans to blow the kids' hair back. "We try to make them feel fabulous,” says Morris, “I think it helps carry them through the year — the memory of their parents and siblings in the audience clapping for them."
If you want to consolidate your student loans, make sure you follow the correct process for consolidating your student loans.
Multi-room support was initially announced when the device was launched in September, with an end of the year launch date. It allows users to play the same audio through multiple Chromecast Audio devices that are hooked up to their Wi-Fi network. In the updated version of the Chromecast app, users will have the option to add their devices to a group. Through groups, users will be able to cast to speakers in just certain rooms or make a group that encompasses every speaker in their house. Casting to a group will be exactly the same as casting to a single device.
What would make someone attack another man like an animal? Armando Aguilar, president of the Miami Fraternal Order of Police, suspects that the attacker was under the influence of drugs known as "bath salts."
These aren’t the same bath salts to make your tub water smell nice. “Bath salts” is just a fake name, but users know it’s not really for the bath.
In the past, it's primarily been religious groups criticizing the religious exemption language, and the language has been made more broad over time in order to blunt opposition to the bill from religious groups. Now, it appears, some on the left are ready to fight back.
Speaking to the Associated Press, McConnell warned, "I would hate to be a Republican whose vote prevented us from keeping the commitment we've made to the American people for almost 10 years now" to repeal and replace Obamacare. He added, "I think the American people would be deeply disappointed that we were prevented from keeping our commitment by Republicans who in the end, in effect, voted for the status quo." He said unctuously, "I'm optimistic that none of my members in the end want to be responsible for the status quo on Obamacare."
As late as 2014, when the GOP won back the Senate, McConnell stated, “We certainly will have a vote on proceeding to a bill to repeal Obamacare. … It was a very large issue in the campaign. We’re certainly gonna keep our commitment to the American people to make every effort we can to repeal it.” Then he backed off a little: “It is a statement to the obvious, however, that Obama — of Obamacare — is the president of the United States, so I don’t want people to have [unrealistic] expectations about what may actually become law with Obama — of Obamacare — in the White House. But we intend to keep our commitment to the American people.”
"I would hate to be a Republican whose vote prevented us from keeping the commitment we've made to the American people for almost 10 years now ..." Mitch McConnell
“I don’t hate Flipkart,” Murthy wrote in 2013. ”I just don’t think it’s the right way to build a business. My preference is always for a new business to start with a clear, sustainable competitive benefit to consumers, differentiate sharply, grow organically from the ground up, take money if needed to grow—not survive, and build a real business, that makes more money than it spends.”
When is a record not always a record? When it's twinned with the word "debt". To have a hope of knowing what's happening with the economy, you need to learn the rules of a childish game, says Michael Blastland. Here's a game that's all the rage with politicians and the media. Take any number of pounds that's bigger than it was before: the price of a hotel room, the size of the health budget, whatever, but particularly at the moment, government borrowing. Shout: "It's a record!" Apportion blame or praise, as desired. The game is fatuous, but don't let that stop you. After all, it doesn't stop them. Here are some examples. The numbers are all correct. 1. In 17 years of power up to 1997, the Conservatives made net debt repayments in four years, totalling nearly £17bn. Since coming to power in 1997, Labour made net repayments in three years, totalling about £41bn. (A record!)
Ignore inflation - this makes it impossible to say how any quantity of pounds genuinely compares with another some years apart, but does allow many absurd, baseless comparisons
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
T Massingham, Gloucester - UK I agree entirely with the need for context, but as soon as anyone starts qualifying the numbers most people either stop listening, accuse them of "fiddling" or just don't understand. Dumbed down populist news means anything more than a mono-syllabic sentence (with just one number in it) is too much for most people. Try explaining to people that 10% growth in house prices followed by a 10% loss is actually an overall 1% loss, and you might as well be trying to tell them the moon really is made of cheese.
Allan, Surrey I knew it! Anything can be made witty and entertaining with the judicious application of sarcasm. Thank you, I feel both well informed and vindicated.
Theses sunglasses are made from plastic and will most likely break after a while, so you may want to purchase a higher quality pair of bottle opener sunglasses such as these that are made out of Titanium, which a meteor could smash into with the power of a thousand suns and they would still not even be scratched.
While all of the baseball world's attention is drawn to the 2011 draft, remember that teams have other sources of talent, too, namely the international market. The Texas Rangers made a splash this spring by signing Cuban defector Leonys Martin to a five-year, $15.5 million free agent contact.
UFC is ready to make a third trip to New York in the last five months as the company heads to Buffalo, New York, to host its third pay-per-view event of the year. Light heavyweight champion Daniel “DC” Cormier will put his title on the line against heavy-handed knockout artist Anthony “Rumble” Johnson. But outside of the main and co-main events, there aren’t a ton of names fight fans are used to seeing. Here are 10 things you should know ahead of UFC 210 on Saturday.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
A federal statute makes it a crime for “a foreign national, directly or indirectly, to make … a contribution or donation of money or other thing of value … in connection with a Federal, State, or local election.” Politically damaging information, especially deliberately assembled opposition-research-style information, is a “thing of value.” Therefore, when someone offered the unspecified information to Trump Jr., saying it was “some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary [Clinton] and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,” and Trump Jr. responded, “if it’s what you say I love it,” Trump Jr. was soliciting the commission of a crime — the crime of a foreign national making a contribution of a thing of value in connection with a federal election — and such solicitation was itself a crime.
As I argued Wednesday, though, reading “thing of value” to include such politically damaging information would outlaw a broad range of constitutionally protected opposition research. Such a reading would therefore make the statute unconstitutionally overbroad, in violation of the First Amendment; the statute must therefore be read to avoid such an unconstitutional result, by interpreting “thing of value” to exclude such information. Even if a narrower statute — for instance, one focused on speech by foreign governments and not just by foreign nationals — could forbid such communications (and I doubt that it can), this statute cannot be constitutionally read to do so.
And “expenditure” is defined to mean “any purchase, payment, distribution, loan, advance, deposit, or gift of money or anything of value, made by any person for the purpose of influencing any election for Federal office” (emphasis added). There’s that phrase “thing of value” again — if “thing of value” for the purposes of the contribution ban includes giving valuable damaging political information to a campaign, then “anything of value” for purposes of the expenditure ban includes giving such information to anyone else, so long as the gift is intended to influence a federal election.
It’s possible that the reporter could avoid criminality by insisting on paying money for the information (which presumably would have to be the market value of the information, however one calculates this). That would presumably make the transfer not a gift and thus not an expenditure. But checkbook journalism is usually frowned on — yet the no-gifts-of-information reading of the statute would actually require such checkbook journalism.
4. Now let’s turn from foreigners to corporations. Though Citizens United held that corporations are free to make independent expenditures, corporations remain barred from making contributions to federal political candidates. And that prohibition applies — you guessed it — to “anything of value.” That means that if the Clinton campaign staff heard that some corporation had assembled information that showed misconduct on Trump’s part, and was willing to share it (maybe the corporation was involved in a business relationship gone sour), the staff would be committing a crime by asking for the information: It would be illegally soliciting an illegal campaign contribution of valuable information.
If two threads are contending to get a lock on a mutex, the operating system or language makes sure that only one of them gets it. The other thread blocks. This causes only one thread to effectively proceed. In-spite of having multiple cores / processors on the system, it behaves as if it were single threaded. In fact if the application is single threaded, it could have avoided acquiring locks, and thus could have been faster! After all acquiring lock is some overhead even if there are no contending threads (it is an operation after all). Hence indiscriminately sharing all data between threads and thereby protecting it with mutexes would lead to slow down of the system.
To further increase the performance of the system, a programmer can make use of hardware instructions exposed by languages like C/C++. The programmer avoids locking a mutex. This completely alters the design of the system. The technique is called lockless programming. It is considered very advanced, and is best avoided by application developers. This post attempts to explain the basics of lockless programming. Lockless programming techniques are used by device driver writers, compiler writers. It is also used in ultra low-latency systems and in a few operating system kernel modules. From an application developer’s perspective, the only benefit of lockless programming is that there is no chance of a deadlock!
Locks cost performance. Locks are best avoided, when performance is of prime importance. If some form of synchronisation is needed in these high performance systems, programmers prefer atomic operations. Consider the counter example. The counter can be implemented as an atomic integer. Whenever an increment happens all other threads can see the effect of this increment. The complete set of operations needed for READ, MODIFY, WRITE happen as one unit. This seems ideal. The atomics are implemented by making use of the processor instructions. No lock/unlock call is done. Hence using atomic operations one can be sure that the thread will make progress, and deadlocks cannot happen. The atomics exploit hardware instructions only as long as the atomic object is of the size of a WORD or less, i.e. the object fits in a register. All other atomic objects use locks to get the atomic behaviour.
Also the memory ordering optimisations and compiler optimisations are prevented by using atomics. The atomic operations therefore prevent the problem of “is_x_initialized” being set before the actual initialisation of “x”. Simply make is_x_initialized an atomic variable to solve the above problem. Atomics are much faster than mutexes as they exploit hardware instructions.
Towns didn't need much time to adjust to the NFL-level, as he became the OIlers' starting right tackle in his second season - and there was no looking back. Towns made 66 starts over seven years in Houston. He paved the way for Earl Campbell to rack up three consecutive NFL rushing titles and 45 touchdowns between 1978 and 1980, which sparked Houston's run to two consecutive AFC Championship Games. Not bad, not bad at all.
The Chargers will, likewise, ask Fluker to make a similar quick transition and help them improve in run blocking. Now, Fluker won't transform Ryan Mathews into the second-coming of Earl Campbell, but the ground game in San Diego was abysmal at times last season - so any help will be welcomed.
Back-to-back Trojans on this list, as Harlow also played his college ball at the University of Southern California. I'm sure he has some interesting stories from the Todd Marinovich era. Maybe more interesting is that Harlow was recruited out of high school to be a defensive linemen and only made the switch to offense after he was buried on the Trojan depth chart.
Harlow started all 64 games of his Patriots career at right tackle before he was benched during the 1995 season and traded to the Raiders in 1996 for a second-round pick. The benching and trade wasn't really because Harlow lacked any ability, as he was regarded as an extremely reliable player, it was apparently made in response to the fallout from a tiff between him and Bill Parcells. (He sure picked the wrong coach to mess with).
Hopefully, D.J. Fluker won't follow in Harlow's footsteps in that regard, but there are similarities between the two. Like Fluker, Harlow wasn't ever regarded as the nimblest guy - but he was nasty. The Raiders, however, made the mistake of moving him to the left side, where he was never really the same guy again.
The Eagles drafted Thomas out of Florida State in 1998. He became a fixture on the offensive line at left tackle from Day 1 for the Eagles. He started 165 of 166 games in his career with Philadelphia and made the Pro Bowl in the 2001, 2002 and 2004 seasons.
Of course not! It was a long, long trail of many errors that gave the Japs their success at Pearl Harbor, but in the long run their sinking and damaging all the battleship there made it clear the aircraft carrier would win or lose the Pacific war. The Japs' carriers didn't, our did.
>>>>Ah, Serbs, is there anything they can't do?<<<< Sure there is. When Nikola Tesla started working for Edison, Edison promised Tesla 50,000 dollars, which is about one million dollars in today's term, if he would make inventions for him. Tesla did, and then when he asked for his payment Edison laughed and told him that he "did not understand our American sense of humor". Dusko Popov also did not understand American sense of humor and he did not figure out that Edgar J. Hoover was perhaps the biggest American joke of the 20th century.
You may choose to start digging from here: And you, here: http://www.answers.com/topic/pearl-harbor-advance-knowledge-debate We knew that attacks could come at Midway or Pearl. Evidence shows that FDR may have never seen more indicative reports. Author Stinnett had a book to write, which reads like a kind of "grassy knoll", designed to make money. At Pearl, we weren't altogether asleep: a mini-sub was sunk earlier that morning, and they were known to be launched from submarines. I'd call it Denial. BTW: I've traveled via the SS Lurline.
That makes it the second-highest price paid for a Chicago home this year, Crain's reports. An associate of filmmaker George Lucas paid the highest price for a Chicago home this year, spending $18.75 million on a Park Tower condo.
Rail, Tram and Bus Union divisional secretary Chris Preston said the Government had reneged on a promise made in December 2016 that existing contracts would continue for five years.
"These are heavily congested, heavily populated areas of Sydney and I think the Minister needs to be honest with the community about why this has occurred and when this decision was made by Government," she said.
Feminist pop culture critics, or as they like to call themselves “I’m just a regular woman who wants to play this stupid hobby, why are you making this so hard for me?” like to make a big deal about the fact that Space Marines are all men, as if it’s somehow “representative” or “a clear indicator of the endemic sexism in the setting”. But they don’t understand the lore and the grim, dark fiction on the complex level that I do.
So there we have it. I hope I’ve made it pretty clear to all the social justice warriors out there that there’s absolutely no way a Space Marine could ever be a woman. Not only could the extremely serious scientific fiction not support it, but women just don’t have the upper-body strength required for all the mental gymnastics.
If women really want to play Warhammer 40,000 they should just collect a different faction, like the sexy BDSM space elves who wear revealing armour, or the dour and puritanical angry nuns that draw their power from worshipping the Emperor, who is a man. Or they could play the Imperial Guard, who are just regular human soldiers and have plenty of women (although Games Workshop don’t make any models for them).
The manager elected to make eight changes at the Liberty Stadium on Sunday, with several members of his regular team given a rest after an energy-sapping first-leg outing in Spain.
Shape Created with Sketch. The Vietnam War 40 years on Show all 10 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. The Vietnam War 40 years on 1/10 The Vietnam War A helicopter lifts off from the US embassy in Saigon, Vietnam during last minute evacuation of authorized personnel and civilians on 29 April 1975 2/10 The Vietnam War A cargo net lifts refugees from a barge onto the SS Pioneer Contender for evacuation from the fallen city of Da Nang, Vietnam on 1 April 1975 3/10 The Vietnam War Captain Donald R Brown crouches on the ground in Saigon, waiting for the order for attack across an open field against Vietcong positions 5 April 5 1965 4/10 The Vietnam War Orphans aboard the first 'Operation Babylift' flight at the end of the Vietnam War look through the windows of World Airways DC-8 jet as it flies them to the United States in April 1975 5/10 The Vietnam War Young demonstrators toss sticks and rocks at South Vietnamese riot police in Saigon in a brief confrontation after a rally sponsored by the mainly Catholic anti-corruption movement on 4 April 1975 6/10 The Vietnam War US Navy personnel aboard the USS Blue Ridge push a helicopter into the sea off the coast of Vietnam in order to make room for more evacuation flights from Saigon in 29 April 1975 7/10 The Vietnam War South Vietnamese troops and western TV newsmen run for cover as a North Vietnamese mortar round explodes on Newport Bridge on the outskirts of Saigon in 28 April 1975 Hoanh/AP 8/10 The Vietnam War US sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the USS Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations from South Vietnam in 1 May 1975 9/10 The Vietnam War A North Vietnamese tank rolls through the gates of the Presidential Palace in Saigon, signifying the fall of South Vietnam. The war ended on April 30, 1975, with the fall of Saigon, now known as Ho Chi Minh City 10/10 The Vietnam War A US Marine, who was wounded in the head as he fought against the Viet Cong from inside an amphibious tank, is led to evacuation helicopter landing zone at Van Tuong, Vietnam on 19 August 1965 1/10 The Vietnam War A helicopter lifts off from the US embassy in Saigon, Vietnam during last minute evacuation of authorized personnel and civilians on 29 April 1975 2/10 The Vietnam War A cargo net lifts refugees from a barge onto the SS Pioneer Contender for evacuation from the fallen city of Da Nang, Vietnam on 1 April 1975 3/10 The Vietnam War Captain Donald R Brown crouches on the ground in Saigon, waiting for the order for attack across an open field against Vietcong positions 5 April 5 1965 4/10 The Vietnam War Orphans aboard the first 'Operation Babylift' flight at the end of the Vietnam War look through the windows of World Airways DC-8 jet as it flies them to the United States in April 1975 5/10 The Vietnam War Young demonstrators toss sticks and rocks at South Vietnamese riot police in Saigon in a brief confrontation after a rally sponsored by the mainly Catholic anti-corruption movement on 4 April 1975 6/10 The Vietnam War US Navy personnel aboard the USS Blue Ridge push a helicopter into the sea off the coast of Vietnam in order to make room for more evacuation flights from Saigon in 29 April 1975 7/10 The Vietnam War South Vietnamese troops and western TV newsmen run for cover as a North Vietnamese mortar round explodes on Newport Bridge on the outskirts of Saigon in 28 April 1975 Hoanh/AP 8/10 The Vietnam War US sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the USS Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations from South Vietnam in 1 May 1975 9/10 The Vietnam War A North Vietnamese tank rolls through the gates of the Presidential Palace in Saigon, signifying the fall of South Vietnam. The war ended on April 30, 1975, with the fall of Saigon, now known as Ho Chi Minh City 10/10 The Vietnam War A US Marine, who was wounded in the head as he fought against the Viet Cong from inside an amphibious tank, is led to evacuation helicopter landing zone at Van Tuong, Vietnam on 19 August 1965
Bon Jovi has been married to his high school sweetheart Dorothea Hurley Bongiovi since 1989, but according to a former tour manager, the reunion and marriage came after the singer broke up with Lane because she made him jealous by getting too close to guitarist Richie Sambora.
“Everybody in town went for that role. At that time, as I’ve said on other shows, it was a very different show,” Lane said on Monday night. “It turned out to be a feel-good movie and originally this crazy biatch was kicked out of a rolling limo at the end because she was delusional that she thought that this guy was really in love with her. She was only hired for the weekend. And we had such compassion for her. I think that movie needs to get made. I want to direct it. Let’s make it happen!”
Aurora’s Finance Department estimates there are between 120 and 170 Airbnb-style businesses in Aurora at any given time, and that 25 percent advertise their entire home for rent. City staff also estimate top-performing renters make between $15,000 and $48,000 in sales annually.
City officials say Aurora could make between $3,000 and $6,000 per year if these businesses were required to pay the city’s 8-percent lodger’s tax.
Aside from a little coyness about his intimate relationship with Jackie Onassis, Langella pulls very few punches. Richard Burton is “a crashing bore”; Yul Brynner is paranoid and imperious; Rex Harrison, a “son of a bitch”; Lee Strasberg, “arrogant and insufferable.” Langella is “flattered and somewhat perversely titillated” when Elia Kazan makes a pass at his girlfriend in an effort to break him down, but of Kazan’s other bad behavior, before the House Un-American Activities Committee, he says, “I have always felt that talent such as his doesn’t give you rights.” Langella recalls sitting with his hands folded when Kazan received a standing ovation at the Oscars.
Luckily for others, Langella is as enthusiastic as he is vicious. He celebrates Robert Mitchum’s “carefree, rangy masculinity,” Roger Vadim’s “devotion to physical pleasure,” and Paul Newman’s “original and mesmerizing” beauty (although he does call him “dull” and note that he didn’t have “much of a behind”). Langella saves his highest praise for women of a certain age — that age entitling one to a discount at the movies. Loretta Young in her late 70s was “breathtaking . . . very attractive.” Brooke Astor in her late 90s was “ultra­feminine and alluring” — and in Langella’s company not shy about relating how she lost her virginity. He waxes philosophical about his on-set affair with Rita Hayworth when he was 34. It was her last film. She was 20 years older and suffering from alcoholism and early Alzheimer’s, yet, “in the candle’s light and fire’s glow,” Hayworth “once again becomes the Goddess.” If this memoir doesn’t make the book club of every seniors’ home in America, then there’s something wrong with the Greatest Generation.
The word “slut” has been invoked in the public discourse as an ugly slur. But Langella’s book celebrates sluttiness as a worthy — even noble — way of life. When Bette Davis wants to have “racy phone conversations . . . rife with foreplay,” he agrees, because how could you not? When Elizabeth Taylor says, “Come on up, baby, and put me to sleep,” who is he to resist? (He does make her chase him first.) By his cheerful debauchery, Langella reveals something certain commentators have obscured: sluts are the best — hungry for experience and generous with themselves in its pursuit. He talks about how joyful it was in his 20s to “throw some scripts, jeans and a few packs of condoms into a bag,” and head out to do plays and bed theater ­apprentices.
American celebrity chef Thomas Keller first wrote about a dish he called "byaldi" in his 1999 cookbook, The French Laundry Cookbook.[5] Keller's variation of Guérard's added two sauces, a tomato and peppers sauce at the bottom (pipérade), and a vinaigrette at the top.[6][7] He served as food consultant to the Pixar film Ratatouille, allowing its producer, Brad Lewis, to intern for two days in the kitchen of his restaurant, The French Laundry. Lewis asked Keller how he would cook ratatouille if the most famous food critic in the world were to visit his restaurant.[1] Keller decided he would make the ratatouille in confit byaldi form, and fan the vegetable rounds accordion-style with a palette knife.[8]
Per Thomas Keller's recipe, a pipérade is made of peeled, finely chopped, and reduced peppers, yellow onions, tomatoes, garlic, and herbs. The piperade is spread thinly in a baking tray or casserole dish, then layered on top with evenly sized, thinly sliced rounds of zucchini, yellow squash, Japanese eggplant, and roma tomatoes, covered in parchment paper, then baked slowly for several hours to steam the vegetables. The parchment is removed so that the vegetables may then roast, acquiring additional flavor through caramelization. To serve, the piperade is formed into a small mound, and the rounds arranged in a fanned-out pattern to cover the piperade base. A balsamic vinaigrette is drizzled on the plate, which may be garnished.[9][10]
Does dodging so neatly make you look like a matador?
Bangkok motorists are advised to avoid Rama I and Ratchadamri roads on Wednesday evening, when a tourism promotion procession will make its way from Pathumwan intersection to Lumpini Park.
According to the Israeli military, the land move was a political decision made after the June killing of three Israeli teenagers snatched in the same area, known to Israelis as the Gush Etzion settlement bloc.
"The most important recognition that the team has made during this season is a clear identification of the gaps we have in terms of two things: one is honestly performance on track, but, more importantly, I think about the rate of change of the other teams," he explained.
"I think it is impossible to make any prognostication for the 2017 season," he said. "The only thing I can guarantee you is that we are leaving no stones unturned.
Meanwhile, when I went back and reread some of the coverage by really good reporters from really good magazines, the coverage of Wall Street, even if it was well intended, actually helped to exacerbate the crisis and add flames to the frenzy. Things like positive profiles of Wall Street executives made things worse and made the world worse. Unwittingly maybe, but so what?â€¨
But the cultural argument of behavioralists still has a lot of saliency, and for lazy reporters it’s easy because all you have to do is make the assertion about human nature, and that’s the end of the discussion.
“There was a man who just whispered – kept it pretty quiet – he said ‘I’d just like to pay for the lounge’s bill, if that’s possible, if we could do that.’ At first I was taken aback by it, but I was like, ‘I think we can make that happen.’
“The way he did it – very low-key – I think he made a lot of people’s day today,” added Russo.
When former CIA chief John Brennan sat down in front of the TV with a tasty beverage and a plate of nachos on November 8 to enjoy Hillary’s victory, the disappointment he felt later in the evening must have been all the more bitter because a Trump victory would make it harder for him and his pals to embark on lucrative careers selling software to the CIA.
In March, Alex Deucher proposed that DAL should be merged, saying that it was to be the core of the new display stack; his goal was to get it into the 4.7 release. Graphics maintainer Dave Airlie made it clear that this was not going to happen, saying that: "I think people are focusing on the minor comments and concerns and possibly deliberately ignoring the bigger concern that this code base is pretty much unmergeable as-is." His biggest complaint had to do with the overall design, which involved a lot of abstraction code that tried to hide the details of working with the kernel from the rest of the code. Others echoed his concerns and, indeed, the code was not merged for 4.7 or any other kernel released since then.
Finally, midlayer-based code has a certain tendency to get stuck on older kernel versions; indeed, the current display core code is still based on 4.7. That makes it hard to maintain as the kernel goes forward. In this case, Vetter summarized this aspect of the problem by saying: "I think you don't just need to demidlayer DAL/DC, you also need to demidlayer your development process." Code intended for the mainline needs to be developed and tested against the current mainline, or it will inevitably fall behind.
Some work has indeed been done since the early posting of this patch set; and, it is said, about one-third of the midlayer code is gone. Vetter made it clear that this work had been seen and appreciated:
It makes no sense. There are thousands of exercises with cavaletti, poles, gymnastics and other tools suggested or sold to riders to try and improve your balance, reflexes, and sense of timing, when all you need is to find a local hunter pace or cross-country course to school, and might cost at the most $20, if that.
Your trainer might frown upon your experiments, but I can guess why. Money. Maybe he or she cannot financially benefit from improvements you can make on your own. Whenever someone doesn’t want me to do something I always ask, why not?
While party strategists are glad to have the money that Mrs. Clinton is directing from the Democratic National Committee to voter-turnout efforts in Indiana and Missouri, they have little appetite for Mrs. Clinton to visit those states, where she is likely to lose, because that would make it easier for Republicans to tie Democratic Senate candidates to her.
In particular, Democrats hope to make an example of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, an ardent Trump supporter, by defeating the Phoenix lawman, whose incendiary comments about Hispanics and aggressive tactics with immigrants have garnered attention far beyond his jurisdiction in Maricopa County.
But Nakamura’s exceptional performances made him the outstanding candidate to win the player of the year award, becoming the first person to claim the prize for a second time having won it with Marinos in 2000.
“Ten of my teammates were nominated for the J.League Best XI, and that just shows the quality of the players around me who have made it possible for me to win this award.”
Nakamura made the J.League Best XI along with Nakazawa, in a selection composed solely of Japanese players for the second time in league history.
Reading Dimitri’s piece on the Sedin twins made me think about the most under-appreciated aspect of a hockey player’s existence.
We’re trying to define fatigue levels in those circumstances and as you know, a player usually gets hit twice when he gets hit once. He gets hit by the player and then hits the boards. How you can attribute that to success and how you attribute that to fatigue levels is instrumental in finding out when a player in the third period makes a mistake. And something happens and I think that as we’ve found, in a dynamic, competitive contact sport that fatigue levels are really a lot of the determining factor in success or failure.
It doesn’t deviate too far from the conclusions found by Eric T. at NHL Numbers about older players playing a lot of games. I think the players who make it to 36, 37 years old in the NHL have bodies developed enough to continuously handle the grind of a season. You can think of a few players (the most prominent being Kyle Wellwood, but I made an argument for Cody Hodgson last season) who are fairly effective until they hit a certain minute threshold and they fall off the wagon.
But what’s the one statement a couple who wants to make this female fantasy a reality has to use? ‘Medic! Lubes. We’re going to need a lot of lubes!’
Women fantasize about what it would be like to be with someone of the same sex, someone who knows just how she wants to be touched and what will make her orgasm. [Read: Girls kissing each other]
And just in case you haven’t thought about making love to Angelina, girlie, she’s stated that she finds a woman’s body to be the most attractive thing in the whole world (all men second that) and she loves to make out with women! Now, even if women haven’t given girl sex a thought, they might just change their mind.
Ashers refuses to make gay engagement cake BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Northern Ireland bakery Ashers has been slammed after it refused to make an engagement cake with a same-sex marriage slogan for a man and his partner. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/ashers-refuses-to-make-gay-engagement-cake-35669084.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35669082.ece/0886a/AUTOCROP/h342/IMG_2780.jpg
Northern Ireland bakery Ashers has been slammed after it refused to make an engagement cake with a same-sex marriage slogan for a man and his partner.
“Ashers couldn’t have been happier to make that cake,” she said.
“I’m staggered that Ashers wouldn’t make the cake, but I’m glad that Londoncakes.com supplied it — the cake was delicious and made with love.”
If clearing elements after floats seems like a burden, then using display: inline-block is another option. The trick here is to make sure that the elements for the individual sides have no breaks or whitespace in between them in the HTML. Otherwise, that space will be rendered as a literal space and the second half will break and fall down.
Using this method, we turn our parent container into a flexible box with the child containers taking up an equal share of the space. No need to set widths or heights! Flexbox just knows what to do, because the defaults are set up perfectly for this. For instance, flex-direction: row; and align-items: stretch; is what we're after, but those are the defaults so we don't have to set them. To make sure they are even though, setting flex: 1; on the sides is a good plan. That forces them to take up equal shares of the space.
It happens all the time. Someone cut you in the line at a Tel Avivi market, just stepped right in front. What do you say to put them back in their place? That is, back behind you in the queue. Let’s learn what Israelis say in this situation, paying special attention to delicate intonations that make all the difference.
As the draft creeps ever closer, it’s been hard to miss the steady drumbeat growing among film watchers for Texas A&M receiver Josh Reynolds. Lauded for his ability to high-point the ball and make the spectacular grab, even a cursory glance at his game provides an easy piece of evidence for why he has so many fans.
Before digging into his route running, it’s important to note the attributes that most often draw analyst’s affection. Simply put: Josh Reynolds makes some of the most spectacular catches among the wide receiver prospects in this draft. His highlight clips and cutups are littered with impressive, leap-driven catches where Reynolds plucks the ball with strong hands in midair. Yet, in the inverse effect of the overpowering negative visceral reaction to drops, observing a few of those awe-inspiring catches can leave a stamp of positive reaction that’s tough to wash away.
Given some of the sterling catches he makes in the air, it was disappointing to see Reynolds check in with a 64.3 percent contested catch conversion rate in Reception Perception. Now, for context, that’s far from a poor score. It is above the two-year prospect average. However, it falls just above the 58th percentile. Reynolds is certainly capable of winning this brand of difficult reception, but his ability in the air is far from a dominant trait on the level of a Chris Godwin, and even falls below some smaller receivers like Carlos Henderson or Taywan Taylor.
Reynolds’ deployment on just one side of the field in conjunction with a narrow usage pattern on the route tree simply cannot be ignored. It would not be surprising to see this player struggle to make an early impact in the NFL, given his overall lack of a diverse set of assignment experiences. However, his route success rate scores give optimism that with the proper seasoning, there is something to be mined with Reynolds’ potential.
With his ability to play the ball in the air, Reynolds makes sense as a threat on curl routes in breaking back to the quarterback. It helps that he demonstrates an understanding of deceptive routes running, not tipping off his intent when cutting off a vertical stem. Similarly, as he’s a quantifiable threat to break tackles in the open field, his NFL team will likely make use of him on slants to get him into space.
If you’re interested in more Reception Perception analysis, make sure to visit our Reception Perception pages for college prospect evaluations and pre-order The Ultimate Draft Kit for access to 50 NFL players’ full data this summer. You can keep up with all of the work using the #ReceptionPerception hashtag on Twitter.
DigiKam is an easy but powerful photo management and re-touching application. It's got lots of great features, and this article has only touched on the basics. There's so much more to explore in digiKam, including features—such as the easiest Batch Queue processing system I've ever seen in a GUI photo application—that still elude other editors. DigiKam isn't just efficient, it's fun to use, brings your photos to life, makes rummaging through directories and directories of pictures to find the really good ones fun, and gives you the freedom and courage to make them better.
Usually make the greatest contribution to net employment change.
The small business owner assumes all the operational risk. The employees get paid whether or not the business makes money, as long as there is a business to pay them.
The employees get paid whether or not the business makes money, as long as there is a business to pay them. The owners form the capital , either they put in their own money, or that of their “friends and family” or they take on debt. When they take on debt, a small business owner is almost always required to put up personal guarantees: the house, the savings, the spouses assets, everything. The big boys, not so much. I doubt very much that the Morneau family has to put up one of their houses (or yachts) whenever Morneau Sheppell does a bond issuance. Something tells me they just sail through the compliance process too…
I’ve busted my ass for 20 years, nearly didn’t make it, finally had some success at it while employing nearly 20 people, with families, kids, homes, and I get reviled for it by none other than the goddamn Prime Minister – a guy who was born into the very bosom of elite society and became a millionaire through inheritance.
If the climate gets much more hostile then the calculus is whether it makes any sense to start a small business in Canada. Yes, we all know the tax laws here go by residency, so there is no “running companies remotely out of the Caribbean” (unless maybe, you’re a plugged in career politician, Morneau does have that subsidiary in Bahamas) but I already know a few tech entrepreneurs who already said “f*** it” and now live elsewhere, where they are starting their new companies.
Coral is actually an animal. The coral we see is made up of hundreds to thousands of small creatures called polyps which are extremely sensitive to temperatures. A warming of just 1 C to 1.5 C can cause the coral to undergo stress. Microscopic algae called zooxanthellae live inside the coral’s tissue and are responsible for providing coral with their colour. They also provide them with 90 per cent of the energy needed to grow as well as reproduce.
Since their hurried and heavily politicized creation, the fact is that neither the priorities nor the spending patterns of the Department of Homeland Security and its junior partner, the Transportation Security Administration, has ever been subject to serious scrutiny. They have never been forced to make hard choices. On the contrary, both have been encouraged, by their congressional funders, to spend money on more elaborate equipment every year in reaction to every perceived new threat, real or otherwise.
Meanwhile, close to 450,000 immigrants are held annually across the United States, with many living in substandard, terrible conditions in crowded facilities while waiting for their day in immigration court. It can take months or even years to get to court, and because undocumented immigrants are not citizens, they are not entitled to the legal rights that would make such gross delays in justice a civil rights violation under the law. ICE and related agencies have created a logistical nightmare for the government and a terrifying reality for immigrants, not to mention a wildly expensive immigration tangle; the U.S. spent a reported two billion dollars on immigration detention in 2014.
I need to get enough people interested to get funding to do a mass production run through an injection molder. This is the only way to drop the price low enough to make it feasible to offer them at this price.
If I don't get enough orders to cover the cost of injection molding; I'll still continue making cases on my 3d printers... I'll just make a lot less of them.
God made man and woman: separate, opposite and at least, in some ways, some of the time, equal. That is often thought of as the Christian view. But, despite much opposition, trans people are increasingly being welcomed within our churches. And not just welcomed, but asked to take a lead; that is accepted and authorized as ministers, pastors, priests -- as those entrusted to teach and lead and guide and care.
Of course not everyone is in agreement: denominations who count their membership in the millions, and especially those tied to the state of national identity will inevitably have people with very different opinion, as on every other issue. The fact that change is happening at the rate it is within Churches, which as community associations must tend to the needs of all their members, is what makes the speed of these recent developments surprising.
On January 26, 1950, when General Curtis E. LeMay, commander of the U.S. Air Force Strategic Air Command, attended yet another conference to discuss the next U.S. long-range heavy bomber, his mind was likely already made up. The Convair B-36 was soon to be obsolete, and a variety of successors had been proposed. But Boeing bombers had served the U.S. military well during World War II, and if LeMay got his way—and he usually did—the next big bomber would be another Boeing product: the B-52 Stratofortress.
By including so many options, the Model 1211-J's designers tried to make the bomber a paragon of multi-tasking self-sufficiency. They had hoped to sell the Air Force not just a single bomber but a family of aircraft, with a variety of airframes to choose from, including custom options and mission-specific add-ons. But would asking so much of the 1211-J compromise its ability to do its main job: put bombs on target? "I've always been a minimalist in aircraft design," says aerospace historian and author Dick Hallion. "When you take a look at this Douglas design, there's a lot of frou-frou. There are a lot of things here that wouldn't work out well operationally. There are a lot of issues that make turboprops unreliable: gearbox issues, shafting issues, the propellers themselves. These are all complex problems that need to be worked out." And even if Douglas engineers could have solved the 1211-J's problems, the bomber's fussy design would have made it a maintenance nightmare.
The first three causes of delusion are the main causes—if we have these three, we automatically have a delusion arising in our mind. The last three are conditions that make it easy for the causes to come together. Our temporary states of mind are like clouds in the sky — if the right causes and conditions come together clouds manifest, otherwise they don’t. Knowing these causes and conditions means knowing the techniques for controlling our mind.
In a dream everything feels real and vivid, it seems to exist out there, independent of our mind. Yet when we wake up, we realize it was made up by our mind. “Ah! I made this up! It’s just a dream! I projected the whole thing, it’s gone! It just came from my mind and then I thought it was out there, and I got really het up about all these things, and hmm, what was all that about?”
When I have a problem that seems intractable I imagine having it in a dream. I was talking to a good friend the other day who has just been through divorce. Not un-understandably, he felt disappointed and let down, like a victim, like it had nothing to do with him. This made him feel helpless and angry, with no clear way forward. He has a good understanding of Buddhism so I asked him: “If you had divorced in a dream, who would have been responsible for that?” If we understand that everything is a mere projection of our own mind, like a dream, we can see how we are responsible for what appears to our mind, for what happens to us. Knowing this always gives us a way to move forward, by changing our mind rather than bashing our head against an intractable brick wall. And when we change our mind, the situation itself changes – the brick wall does come down. He didn’t become undivorced, but the situation no longer appeared dire, and he got his mojo back.
This policy not only makes it more difficult for poor people to care for themselves and their children, but “paradoxically,” makes it more difficult to meet their financial obligations to the courts, the Justice Center says in the report, “Driven By Dollars.”
“While wealthier drivers have little difficulty covering court debt, people living paycheck-to-paycheck with little or no savings and families to support may not be able to pay in a lump sum or consistently make payments on installment plans,” the report states.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
Speaking about the role in an interview with Rolling Stone in 2001, he said “As an actor it was a dream come true for me. When I saw the movie I just thought ‘That’s me, that’s my life up there’. When I heard they were putting together a TV series I got on to my agent straight away. ‘Get me an audition, whatever it takes!’ I shouted, but he couldn’t really make me out over the phone. I’ve got a ridiculous voice and the handset gets all clogged up with goo.”
Dan Aykroyd said last night: “How can a ghost die? That doesn’t make any sense”, but Dan Aykroyd says a lot of things.
"Granted it's one of the toughest fights, but it's a good match-up, people love [Brown], he was a fight away from a title shot, ranked fifth, and fans would flip," Woodley told MMA Fighting Tuesday. "I feel like he will bring the best out of me and test my limits. I respect him as a fighter and feel fighting him makes the most since for my career."
Blonde, sleek and sassy, with publicity shots of herself supine in black silk, Kelly is visually a typical Foxbot. When she won the primetime slot, Stephen Colbert made a joke of switching the faces of Kelly, Greta van Susteren and Gretchen Carlson from under one blonde helmet to the next. “Fox is bringing in some fresh blood and not just for Rupert Murdoch’s wine cellar!” Colbert joked.
But Kelly brought elements to her career that elevated her above her peers. Like van Susteren, she’s a lawyer by training. Early on, she put those skills to to use as an “investigative” journalist, famously “revealing” that Obama’s Justice Department was soft on black radicals. Like Ann Coulter she knows how to harness the power of a sassy quip delivered from inside a black halter top. And, she’s managed to brand herself as a Palin woman, rejecting “interest group” feminism, proudly flaunting three on-air pregnancies while snappily shooting down neanderthals like Lou Dobbs and right-wing blogger Erick Erickson on women’s proper roles in society. She’s useful in branding Fox for women. As Alyssa Rosenberg noted on ThinkProgress after Kelly excoriated Erickson about women being genetically made for housework:
She continued: “Just because it makes you feel uncomfortable doesn’t mean it has to change, you know? I mean, Jesus was a white man too. He was a historical figure, that’s a verifiable fact, as is Santa—I just want the kids watching to know that.”
The pretty deliverer of ugly messages is nothing new in the television age. In Videocracy, documentary filmmaker Eric Gandini made a study of the use of pretty woman by the Berlusconi media empire during the last several decades. “In Italy you get the feeling that this cultural banality has been a tool to destroy democracy,” he told me in an interview. “It's not a question of ideology, it's a question of lack of values, lack of morality. Italy has become a country where words don't work anymore. 'Videocracy' means the power of the image. … Impressions are much more valuable than truth.”
In America, that now-salty dog in a black cocktail dress, Anne Coulter, long ago proved the bankability of the lithe, red-meat-tossing, right-wing blonde. A sharp, pretty woman willing to provoke and arouse for ratings will always attract the attention of the networks, eventually. But black Santa will be the test of whether the Megyn Kelly brand of racial provocation makes it across the shrinking divide between Fox and the mainstream. Does she go Hasselbeck or Coulter? Coulter’s more fun, Hasselbeck’s more money. The decision may not be hers to make now.
But the very real peril came in the cost for the program, an estimated $4.3 billion a year, almost the size of the state’s entire $4.9 billion budget. To make up for the $2 billion shortfall, taxes would have to go up, a lot. Businesses would see an 11.5 percent payroll tax increase, on top of whatever they chose to provide for employee health care, while individual income taxes could jump by up to 9 percent. The report recommended against moving forward “due to the economic shock and transition issues,” and Shumlin agreed.
“Right up to the last gubernatorial election, Gov. Shumlin was saying he was going to do everything he could to make single-payer health care a reality in the state. That was quite frankly why we didn’t run a candidate against him,” said Kelly Mangan, the executive director of the Vermont Progressive Party. “Almost immediately, he turned around and said, ‘Oh, yeah, we can’t afford single-payer health care. It’s not going to happen.”
After you make a voice call on WhatsApp and your contact either declines the call or it goes unanswered, you will see a new "Call declined" screen with three new round buttons. One is to cancel and go back to the conversation, one is to place another call, and the last one is to record a voice message. The latter is similar to leaving a voicemail on regular phone calls.
These are all small changes to the app. We're still waiting for video calls, gif support, public group links with NFC and QR Code sharing, and more. In the meantime, you can grab the latest 2.16.189 beta to make the waiting a little more tolerable.
One suspect was Martin Hinton, a British Museum staffer who didn’t like Dawson and may have nursed a grudge. Some surmised he may have planted additional fossils after the first “discovery,” as a way to discredit his adversary—or at least let Dawson know he was onto him. Still others have argued that a young French priest named Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, who was present when the canine tooth was found, may have planted that particular artifact. Even Sherlock Holmes creator Sir Arthur Conan Doyle made the list of suspects, since he lived near Piltdown, was a paleontology buff, and was rather hostile to the theory of evolution.
There was gravel from Piltown in the bones and teeth, and also a kind of putty—what a dentist would have used at the time to make a white filling. The putty had been used to fill holes and repair broken bones, and there was evidence that the molars had been removed and then re-set in the jaw. This clearly links the fossils found at the Piltdown 1 and Piltdown 2 sites.
As he made clear in his announcement speech, Donald Trump has taken an interest in crimes happening along the U.S.-Mexico border. Making the case for the construction of a “great wall” between the two countries, he complained that Mexican immigrants are “bringing drugs” and “crime” to the United States as a part of the ongoing Mexican Drug War, a conflict which is largely the result of the War on Drugs waged in the United States. Despite this, Donald Trump continues to support drug war policies at home and oppose reforms that could attenuate the conflict in the area.
First they said drinking soy milk would give men boobs (but who cares about the cholesterol and saturated fat in their dairy milk, right?! Antibiotics and hormones anyone? Mmmm!). Then they said it takes a bagillion trillion gallons of water to produce one tiny almond (who cares that it takes several thousand gallons of water to produce one pound of meat, eh?). I wonder what they’ll say about cashew milk?! It’s really made from cow shoes? Who knows!!
All I know is Silk Cashew Milk has arrived on planet earth and as soon as I see it, I’m buying it! It’s GMO free too! And for those worried about carrageenan: there is NO carrageenan!! None! I’m not too worried about carrageenan – it’s made from seaweed – but I do understand why some folks are. To each her/his own on that one! And just like their almond milk, it has 50% more calcium than dairy milk! AND 50% of your daily recommended value for B12. HURRAY!
In the latest teaser for the HTC 10, HTC, the VR-focused electronics company who now makes phones on the side, is bragging up their next phone’s performance. Not only that, but they have confirmed the Samsung-esque button setup on the phone’s chin, although it is at least in the correct arrangement.
The teaser says that we should expect the “fastest and smoothest Android” yet, which is actually something we love to hear as Android elitists. Android “jank” has almost always been a problem on phones not made by Google, so hopefully HTC can prove to the world that all Android skins really aren’t “created equal.” I would imagine that the next version of Sense that will be coupled with the HTC 10 will be leaner than ever, helping it with performance.
India's thorium deposits, estimated at 360,000 tonnes, far outweigh its natural uranium deposits at 70,000 tonnes. The country's thorium reserves make up 25 per cent of the global reserves. It can easily be used as a fuel to cut down on the import of Uranium from different countries.
Much like uranium, thorium is also a fertile substance, but not a fissile substance by itself. It requires work to make a usable in a nuclear reactor. The process through which Thorium can be made usable in the reactor is a three stage process.
At present, India is far from taking benefits of the large reserves of Thorium as it hasn’t yet developed the mechanism through which Thorium can be processed and made usable to put into the reactor.
Flakka is most typically made from the chemical alpha-PVP, which is a synthetic version of the amphetamine-like stimulant cathinone. Cathinones are chemicals derived from the khat plant grown in the Middle East and Somalia, where the leaves are frequently chewed for a euphoric buzz.
It's the same class of chemical that's used to make so-called bath salts, a drug that was found to be behind a number of alarming incidents, including the case of a man in Miami who allegedly chewed another man's face while high on bath salts in 2012.
The news is significant because it makes possible a new set of experiments that should answer some important questions.
The Russian Supreme Court’s Orwellian ruling was that the blogger denied facts established by the Nuremberg war crimes tribunal. The tribunal convicted leading Nazis of waging aggressive war against, among others, Poland, but, in an act of victor’s justice, made no judgment against the Soviet regime, representatives of which sat on the tribunal. This accommodation to postwar political reality was necessary to enable the tribunal to function, which was necessary for civilizing vengeance. The tribunal ignored, but did not deny, the patent fact of Soviet aggression.
The Russian court’s ruling is a window into the sinister continuity of Putin’s Russia and the Soviet system that incubated him. So, if the former secretary of state who aspires to the American presidency has time to read a book before Jan. 20, she should make it “The New Tsar: The Rise and Reign of Vladimir Putin” by Steven Lee Myers of the New York Times. It is a study of the volatile nostalgia of a man seething with resentments acquired as a KGB operative — a “devoted officer of a dying empire” — during the Soviet Union’s final years. It is a pointillist portrait painted with telling details that should cause sobriety to supplant dreams of happy policy “resets” with Russia.
DeHart said years of research — under all different kinds of river conditions — indicate the increased flows should boost the numbers of smolt that make it to the ocean. That, in turn, should bump up the percentage of fish that return as adults to spawn in the Columbia Basin.
Lots of peoples’ parking/emergency brake is in poor repair because of several factors: 1) Steel cables are used to operate the parking brake, instead of hydraulic lines. Steel will stretch and rust over time, giving you less effective braking power. 2) Rear drums have an auto-adjuster which is supposed to keep the pads near the drum surface. But this auto-adjuster can freeze and no longer extend the pad to make up for wear. 3) Automatic transmissions with a prawl on the output shaft have made many think that the parking brake is redundant. (which is true to some extent, but does not eliminate the need)
It might have been the sight of a London taxi mooching through the wilds of Kazakhstan, or maybe it was the curious image of a Lamborghini Huracán pinned down a ski slope at crazy speed - with a bloke who used to be called Joey behind the wheel. But wobbling a clapped-out Maserati 222 into Havana’s Revolution Square beat them both as a personal reminder of the sheer scope of films we’ve made for this new series of Top Gear.
Washington (CNN) Two weeks from today, Iowans will gather at caucus sites around the state in the first formal balloting of the 2016 presidential election. As the candidates make their final pitches, voters in the early states will solidify their choices -- if they haven't already -- and the rest of us will finally be able to point to real results when assessing a candidate's appeal.
Looking ahead to those contests, the demographic makeup of Clinton's national support -- including a massive lead among the non-white voters who will make up large chunks of the vote in many of those states -- suggests defeat in the first two states to vote may not guarantee the demise of the former secretary of state's campaign.
While it is true that church law considers marriage as “a civil contract between a woman and a man,” at the time Spahr married these 16 couples, the state of California considered marriage a “civil contract” between a couple made up of opposite or same genders. The key here is that marriage is a “civil contract”—under the legal auspices of the state and not the church. For the church to claim they “have no wiggle room” on the charges pending against Spahr is disingenuous at best, and sad at worst. Either the church is, once again, exerting its conservative muscle to make an example of one of its own as a warning to other clergy who may step out of line, or the church is in such a sad state that it feels it has no choice but to defend a law that continues to exclude and harm a segment of God’s children.
Dogfish Head describes the taste of Celest-jewel-ale as "doughy malt, toasted bread, subtle caramel, and a light herbal bitterness." Moon dirt never sounded so delicious. The brewery notes that the dust is made up mainly of minerals and salts, so no worries about accidentally ingesting alien eggs that will later pop out of your stomach.
Unfortunately, you can't go out and buy a six-pack of moon brew. It is only available on the menu at the company's Rehoboth Beach brewpub. The lucky few who get to drink it are served their pints in space-suit koozies, made from (you guessed it) the same material as ILC Dover's space suits.
Those are some pretty valuable koozies, considering they're made with layers of Kevlar, Nomex, Gore-Tex, and Mylar. Only 10 koozies were made, so drinkers have to hand over their licenses as an assurance that the koozies will be returned to the bar after the moon beer goes down the hatch.
I am firm in my conviction that more professional basketball players should be learning kung fu. During the ’70s, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar trained under Bruce Lee and developed a close personal friendship with the virtuoso ass-kicker, allegedly going so far as to fly himself to Hong Kong during the NBA’s on-season just to shoot his role in Lee’s directorial effort “Game of Death.” He plays what essentially amounts to the final boss on Lee’s vaguely defined quest upwards through the level of a pagoda, the photosensitive Mantis Guardian of the 5th Floor. The real Abdul-Jabbar was no match for Lee, and the scene has to work around that imbalance, but what the man lacked in technical skills he more than made up for in being freakishly tall. The matchup of the already-slight Lee with his stilt of an opponent is bizarre and engrossing, with every shot resembling an optical illusion. Better still, K.A.J.’s emulation of Lee’s self-originated Jeet Kune Do style pairs the two of them in a fluid interplay that should feel awkward, but somehow plays like a brutal waltz. Someone get Kyrie Irving in one-on-one sessions with Tony Jaa. [closes tab containing google search for ‘name of any basketball player’]
I’m putting it out there: “Temple of Doom” is the best Indy movie. It’s the purest execution ever of how to make a bit of Old Hollywood pulp new again.
So, although I did not love the extreme violence of “Atomic Blonde” nor its clunky plot set-up and reveal, I loved the panache of its design and wild choreography of its fight scenes. That’s always what gets me: pure choreography, like a brutal ballet, motivated by the narrative. Which should make me a fan of Asian martial-arts films, but I confess I have a gaping hole in my film knowledge there, though I adore what Jackie Chan films I have seen (that man is a genius). One of my favorite moments in the very silly “Rumble in the Bronx” is when Chan does battle from within an abandoned refrigerator. That was cleverer to me than anything I saw in the much more renowned “Drunken Master” films (which, granted, are better actual movies). And Chan would be nowhere without Bruce Lee (and Buster Keaton). Lee’s “Enter the Dragon” is a delight, for sure. I am not such a fan of “wire fu,” however: those films where the characters can fly. It takes the fun out of it, for me.
Other movies where the fight scenes have stood out are as follows: the bald Nazi fight in “Raiders of the Lost Ark”; most bits of the first three Bourne films; the train fight between Sean Connery and Robert Shaw in “From Russia with Love”; Jason Statham kicking ass while greased to the gills in the otherwise very dumb “The Transporter”; Sigourney Weaver squaring off against the mother alien in “Aliens”; and Sandra Oh and Anne Heche doing serious damage to each other in Onur Tukel’s “Catfight.” But my two absolute favorites, as I write this, are the vicious naked-in-the-sauna fight scene in David Cronenberg’s 2007 “Eastern Promises” and the tragicomic pas-de-deux-in-the-boxing-ring of Charlie Chaplin’s 1931 “City Lights.” The former is a masterful bit of non-gratuitous savagery that is entirely justified by the story and where the stakes are genuinely – and viscerally – high. The latter is a wonder of comic timing made more resonant by its sad conclusion, with similarly weighty stakes. Boxing films aren’t usually my thing, but I can watch this moment in “City Lights” over and over again and it never gets old.
My immediate response to this question — my immediate response to most questions really — was to think of the scene in “The Legend of Drunken Master” where Jackie Chan fights a guy in the cramped space beneath a train. There are too many incredible Chan fights to name, but the grace, confidence, and comedy of this exquisitely violent ballet is what first made me recognize that his talent is on par with that of Charlie Chaplin.
"As with proceedings for citizens accused of wrongdoing, serious officer discipline cases are handled according to due process," Ruszkowski said, according to the report. "These discipline cases, presented in public to the Board of Public Safety and decided based on evidence, are not reopened once a decision is made and a case is closed.
"In the Butler case, the evidence does not support a claim of wrongdoing on the part of any officer involved, which is why I am not referring the case to the Board of Public Safety. It is also important to note that no formal citizen complaint was filed by Mr. Butler or others. Due to the considerable public interest in this case and accusations made in public, we decided to open an internal investigation anyway. We have refrained from releasing additional information about this case out of respect for Mr. Butler's right to due process. We will release further information as soon as circumstances allow."
Never mentioning the fact that if Hamas could kill millions of Israelis, they would (after all, their charter calls for Israel's destruction and their anti-Semitism is amply on record). Just as the 9/11 hijackers made the most of what they had but would have liked to kill far more Americans (for example, with the help of WMD), Hamas too would love to kill far more Israelis. Indeed, they have purposely targeted Israel's nuclear reactor on several occasions, with that very goal in mind. Of course, the media rarely highlight the genocidal intent behind such attacks when mentioning Israel's "disproportionate" response.
Not underscoring that Israel can do nothing to make peace with Hamas (after all, Israelis ended their occupation of Gaza in 2005 and they've been rocketing Israel ever since). Hamas absurdly insists that the next cease-fire deal remove Israel's blockade so that they can more easily replenish their weapons and restore their tunnels for their next attack. Anyone who -- like Qatar -- sides with Hamas' terms for a truce plainly wants to subject Israel to ceaseless, bloody attacks.
The Paris leadership is getting on the nerves of many in Berlin. The feeling is so strong that FPD floor leader Birgit Homburger made her anger clear on Wednesday: "I cannot see how we can be criticized by those who go it alone themselves."
France will not go out of its way to make sure that Germany is involved in future planning of the operation in Libya. Sarkozy's diplomats are currently working hard in Brussels to prevent leadership of the military operation being transferred to NATO, something the Germans would welcome. Instead, Paris has organized its own political steering committee, which would include representation from all the parties involved in the operation, as well as the African Union and the Arab League. The first meeting will be held in London next Tuesday. The Germans will be on the sidelines.
There will, however, be another issue up for discussion which could cause further division between the two countries: the consequences of the nuclear emergency in Japan. The chancellor has announced a joint Franco-German initiative on nuclear power plant security. Sarkozy made clear, however, that he does not agree with Merkel's sudden shutdowns of nuclear plants in Germany. "Phasing out nuclear power is not an option," he said.
Sophomore punter Blake Johnson made his first media appearance since winning the starting job in the spring and gave his work in camp a thumbs up.
Students: Together we make a difference. Our vote counts.
OriHime, created by Japanese startup OryLab, is a portable robot about the same height as a laptop screen that acts as an avatar for a human operator. When I first saw it in OryLab's Tokyo office, it looked like a cross between a power ranger and a sea creature. Its creators argue that screen-on-wheels type telepresence devices like the one that projected US whistleblower Edward Snowden's face during a 2014 TED Talk can sometimes make it seem like you're talking with someone far away through a window. Their robot, they say, makes it feel like the person you're speaking to remotely is actually by your side—embodied through the robot.
The idea of telepresence robots has always been big in Japan, with veteran researcher Susumu Tachi spending over 30 years perfecting his concept, roboticist Hiroshi Ishiguro giving lectures via a lifelike doppelganger android, and entrepreneur Tatsuki Adiyana creating a VR headset that lets people see the world through the eyes of an avatar teddy bear. Yet these ideas have yet to make it commercially—one thing OryLab is trying to change with OriHime.
So far OryLab—which has nine employees—has made close to 100 OriHime robots. Fifty have been rented out; some for free and others at a charge of 300,000 YEN ($277) per month. The rest are undergoing testing. The company is aiming to have made at least 300 robots by the end of this year, and want to produce close to 1,000 in 2017. It also wants to bring the robot's rental fee down to 10,000 YEN ($92) per month. Akirahime explained that the startup prefered renting out its robots as opposed to selling them as the software is constantly being improved based on user feedback.
Motivation level: Questionable. The Utes were in serious Pac-12 title contention until very recently, before they suffered deflating season-ending losses to Oregon and Colorado. That made the 8-4 finish to the regular season disappointing. If Kyle Whittingham doesn’t effectively rally the troops, there’s a real chance of a bowl hangover here. -- David Lombardi
#Quincytime is once again in effect with his 2 assists. His price tag and expected output make for a perfect match to free up cash for the upcoming DGW.
A Starting CB with his price-tag and a DGW in Round 6 makes Axel a perfect way to free up cash for other DGWers if needed.
Its billionaire British owner has seemingly perfected a method for squeezing every last cent out of a club that made a $28 million profit for 2013/14, while appearing content to let it tread water in sporting terms.
The joke goes the club could schedule a friendly for two days' time in Timbuktu and a clutch of hardy souls would still make the trip.
"The evidence of recent years will probably make him feel he can just about get away with anything and people will still troop through the turnstiles. Is that different now?
Spanish sports newspaper Marca reports on Wednesday that Real are looking to make a move at the end of the season for the Spain Under-21 international.
“For example at Misano. I had a real chance to win, I was leading by five seconds. But the conditions were very delicate, and I made a small mistake and crashed.
The Guardian led the development of DNI, and departing Guardian CEO Andrew Miller made it clear what’s atop his wish list when we talked about a month ago: bettering advertising monetization. “Newsonomics: The Guardian is trying to swing Google’s pendulum back to publishers” ). That prospect should probably be Job No. 1 for the initiative; all else pales beyond the money question for publishers worldwide.
Gehring recognizes the organizational complexity of Google. Like any big company, its parts often align uneasily; people understandably want to get their own work done. So, with that knowledge, he believes that tinkering with Google’s plumbing could make a big difference in publishers’ moneymaking.
No new technology would be needed to make the addition; its cost of implementation miniscule.
Numerous big publishers have built “private exchanges” over the past couple of years. These enable continued direct selling to advertisers, but add in programmatic features, allowing more efficient targeting for big advertisers at slightly reduced prices. The notion of a bigger, or collective, private exchange built on a new Google news tag system may also then make sense. Pangaea’s recent entry into the marketplace marks this kind of movement and could be expanded.
: With mobile now at more than 50 percent of usage, publishers are struggling with ad formats on the smartphone. How can the Android champion help there? RELATED ARTICLE Google and Storyful are launching YouTube Newswire, a feed of verified user-generated videos Joseph Lichterman Video : Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal.
: Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal. Reader revenue: Whatever publishers can do to increase digital ad revenue looms large. But it’s reader revenue that’s been the star of recent years. Paywalls have worked — terrifically at the biggest publications, somewhat for the regionals. As most publishers tighten the number of free articles available to non-subscribers, what could Google do to help publishers grow this essential revenue source?
For one, Google might be able to do some integration with publishers to personalize search results for their digital subscribers. Secondly, Google might make more flexible its longstanding “First Click Free” policy. That policy, seemingly an anachronism at this point, mandates that publishers using paywalls extend five free articles per device to Google users before hitting a paywall — despite any other restrictions publishers may otherwise use. “FCF” made some elemental sense when it rolled out in 2008, aimed at bettering user experience so that they wouldn’t bump their noses on harder paywalls. Now, though, Google could look at simply labeling paywalled content, as it already does for “mobile-optimized” sites. Here, the world has gotten more complicated as social traffic has mounted in importance compared to search. Publishers can exercise great (and increasingly nuanced) control over social access. It makes sense, in 2015, for Google to figure out how to loosen its reins, allowing publishers to run their own business strategies without interference.
The often-combative rookie foreign minister was defiant and cutting in his reasoning for the decision. “Listen, I mean, we don’t go along to get along. That’s just not a phrase,” said Baird, using the oft-repeated mantra that has morphed into the mantra for his first six months as Canada’s top diplomat. Canada was trounced by Portugal last year for the second of two temporary two-year, non-veto-wielding seats on the United Nations’ top body. It was the first time in the six-decade history of the UN that Canada failed to win a seat for which it made a bid.
Kalish, once a highly touted prospect in the Boston Red Sox organization, was designated for assignment by the Chicago Cubs on Friday. The move made room on the Cubs’ roster for pitcher Jacob Turner, who was acquired from the Miami Marlins.
Theo Esptein and the Cubs took a chance on Kalish. The 26-year-old made the club’s Opening Day roster this season, but he has hit just .242 (22-for-91) with four RBIs and three stolen bases in 39 games at the major league level in 2014.
A former DNC staffer described the exchange as an “informal conversation,” saying “‘briefing’ makes it sound way too formal,” and adding, “We were not directing or driving her work on this.” Yet, the former DNC staffer and the operative familiar with the situation agreed that with the DNC’s encouragement, Chalupa asked embassy staff to try to arrange an interview in which Poroshenko might discuss Manafort’s ties to Yanukovych.
And in an interview this week, Manafort, who re-emerged as an informal advisor to Trump after Election Day, suggested that the ledgers were inauthentic and called their publication “a politically motivated false attack on me. My role as a paid consultant was public. There was nothing off the books, but the way that this was presented tried to make it look shady.”
The ambassador, Chaly, penned an op-ed for The Hill, in which he chastised Trump for a confusing series of statements in which the GOP candidate at one point expressed a willingness to consider recognizing Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian territory of Crimea as legitimate. The op-ed made some in the embassy uneasy, sources said.
Many Ukrainian officials and operatives and their American allies see Trump’s inauguration this month as an existential threat to the country, made worse, they admit, by the dissemination of the secret ledger, the antagonistic social media posts and the perception that the embassy meddled against — or at least shut out — Trump.
A delegation of Ukrainian parliamentarians allied with Poroshenko last month traveled to Washington partly to try to make inroads with the Trump transition team, but they were unable to secure a meeting, according to a Washington foreign policy operative familiar with the trip. And operatives in Washington and Kiev say that after the election, Poroshenko met in Kiev with top executives from the Washington lobbying firm BGR — including Ed Rogers and Lester Munson — about how to navigate the Trump regime.
The Poroshenko regime’s standing with Trump is considered so dire that the president’s allies after the election actually reached out to make amends with — and even seek assistance from — Manafort, according to two operatives familiar with Ukraine’s efforts to make inroads with Trump.
There will be TWO winners: one from CERN and one from the general public. If you are from CERN, make sure to send your pictures from your CERN e-mail account.
If you are from CERN, make sure to send your pictures from your CERN e-mail account. The competition is open until 31 January.
He explains that a contractor may only make a profit of around HK$30,000 a month for providing cleaning services on an estate; that is if they do not cheat.
“If a worker normally works eight hours a day at the minimum wage level of HK$32, that’s HK$256 a day,” Leung calculates. “If there are 70 cleaners in the housing estate, the contractor can make an extra profit of HK$17,920 by cheating one day of holiday from each cleaner.”
An attempt has been made to change the situation. Starting from July, a revised outsourcing guideline states government departments have to take into account the wages contractors offer their workers in awarding contracts. However, according to a written reply from the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department (FEHD), “up to now, the FEHD does not see significant change in the contractors’ committed wage offers since the revision of the relevant guideline in late June this year”.
“The deterrent effect of our laws and punishments is weak,” says Yip. “We haven’t made good use of the laws we have in Hong Kong.” This is particularly true in the case of outsourced workers.
What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do, and therefore he will often use poor strategies, and the wrong types of hands!.
OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.
Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs + planning to always call a 5-bet, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.
Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponent should have done if he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.
Lumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.
The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.
Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.
When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.
To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).
Alice can't fold so much that she gives Bob an opportunity to make a profit by 3-bet bluffing any two cards
He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.
When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.
To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.
Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.
We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's total 3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.
How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.
So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.
Bob then adds enough Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs to make Alice's weakest value hands break even when calling Bob's total 5-bet range
Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}
But don't 3-bet QQ/AK for value against a ~15% opening range in the hands of a player like Alice. She plays optimally against our 3-bets, so 3-betting QQ/AK won't do anything for us. Against Alice we use QQ/AK as flatting hands, thus setting ourselves up for playing a raised pot in position against a range we have good equity against (Alice's total opening range, and not just her value hands). This will give Alice (and the blinds, should they get involved) opportunities to make postflop mistakes that we can exploit.
From the previous theory section, we remember that Bob wants to have enough Axs 5-bet bluffs in his value range to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. This accomplishes two things for Bob:
He makes it impossible for Alice to "cheat" by not paying off Bob's value 5-bets with {KK+}. If she tries to be "smart" and fold QQ/AK, Bob will just collect his profit with his 5-bet bluffs instead.
So Bob's 5-bet bluffs with some Axs hands attack Alice's 4-bet bluffs, and they also make it impossible for her to profitably tighten up her value range, even if she knows Bob's value range is the squeaky tight {KK+}. Keep in mind that Alice knows Bob's strategy, since this follows from her own strategy, which follows from her opening range, which both players know.
The next step for Bob is to add enough Axs to make Alice's weakest value hands break even when they call a 5-bet. Alice then calls off her last 73bb to win the blinds + Alice's 4-bet + Bob's stack =1.5 + 27 + 100 =128.5 bb. The pot odds are 128.5 : 73 =1.76 : 1, so Alice needs minimum 1/(1 + 1.76) =36% equity against Bob's 5-betting range to call profitably.
Against an opponent who makes the dual mistake of not 4-betting bluffing enough, and also paying off our value 5-bets too much, Bob can gain a lot from not having to think about 5-bet bluffing. Bob simply 3-bets {KK+} for value, plus a wide range of 3-bet bluffs, and after a 4-bet he 5-bets {KK+} for value and folds everything else.
So let's list some 3-bet bluff candidates à la K8s that are too weak to flat, but have some postflop value when we get called. We make a list of ace high, king high and queen high candidate hands:
If you don't approve of this list, feel free to make your own. The specific hands are irrelevant, what matters is that we use hands with the right properties, namely hands that aren't quite strong enough to flat. NB! A5s-A2s are reserved for 5-bet bluffing, so we can't include them in this list.
We bluff these hands some fixed percentage x, and for this to effectively correspond to 63 bluff combos, we need x =63/152 =41%. We can round this to x =40% to make it easy to remember.
Learn both parts of every optimal strategy pair. When you are the raiser OOP against an unknown 3-bettor, you can simply play optimally and assume that he is playing optimally too. You now have 100% knowledge about the raiser's range (since this is your range), and you know the optimal strategy pair for this situation exactly. Since the 3-bettor doesn't know these things precisely, he will make mistakes, and you won't.
The first thing you have to realize when you are playing optimally, and then spotting a leak, is this: It's not necessary to deviate from optimal play to benefit from his mistakes. If you keep playing optimally, and your opponent doesn't, you will win from him in the long run, period. The question is now whether you should deviate from optimal play yourself, in order to win more. If you have a clear idea about how to exploit your opponent maximally, by all means go ahead and make the adjustment.
But be cautious when you adjust to spazzy and unpredictable opponents. Remember that your optimal 3bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies are designed to protect you, and there is nothing a maniac can do to exploit you in these scenarios, even if he raises and reraises at every opportunity. If you see concrete adjustments you can make to win more, go for it, but be careful if you tilt easily (preflop raising wars have a tendency to trigger tilt). Then you might be better off sticking to optimal play against hyper-aggressive opponents, let the ranges do the work for you. You can use your focus to terrorize the passive and easily exploitable players instead.
Finally, if you meet tough regs who don't give up preflop edge in these scenarios (at least any edge you can see), these optimal strategies will protect you from getting exploited. They can't take advantage of you in preflop 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars, so don't worry about it if they try. Follow the optimal strategies, and the mathematics of the situation will protect you. But don't forget to sniff for leaks against regs. Everybody has leaks, and your knowledge about optimal 3-/4-/5-betting will make it easier for you to find them. And pay close attention if you see a reg starting to tilt! Now he might blow up completely in preflop raising wars, and you can adjust accordingly.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
IN a bid to woo Muslims, Mulayam Singh Yadav Sunday said if voted to power, his party would ensure amendments are made in the Constitution for their reservation and said only the SP could prevent Narendra Modi from becoming the Prime Minister.
“Muslamano ne desh ko banaya hai aur musalamano ke liye sanvidhan mein sanshodhan karke arakshan diya jayega (Muslims have made this country, and for Muslims, amendments would be made in the Constitution for their reservation),” the SP supremo said at Government Inter-College Grounds in Etah.
His business career began in investment banking with Lehman Brothers, and then the American Securities Corporation, where he worked on financing for the American Seal-Kap Company, a company that made caps for milk bottles. He was hired to be their chairman and chief executive officer in 1954. Black renamed the company AMK, after its ticker symbol, and turned it into a vehicle for acquisitions; joining the conglomerate bandwagon of the 1960s.[1] Among his many takeovers was the John Morrell & Co. meatpacking company.[1] AMK joined the nation's top 500 companies in 1967. In September 1968, he was hired to take a run at[clarification needed] United Fruit by the brokerage firm of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Duncan: Personified illusion, not only is it a lie but it’s a living lie. Like it’s a lie that its nature trying to deceive you is that I love virtual reality because when you pull your virtual reality goggles off and go from the VR universe to the real universe. You’re like holy s**t man my senses really can be completely tricked. There is a kind of spiritual corollary to that experience which is that you can remove the whatever the cognitive filters are that you wear what makes sense. I’ve heard from an evolutionary perspective it makes sense that any organism would only process the data necessary to survive there all the spectrum of the different types of light we can see the sounds we can’t hear, the feelings that we can’t feel even though they are buffeted by all of these phenomena that are sensory apparatus that allows the process. The reason that this is because it has nothing to do with our basic survival needs and to suddenly become aware of it is to reduce your chance of survival. You know, when I take mushrooms or any psychedelic in since I was a kid I will always see some version of elves I’ll see some kind of elf, not like Christmas elves or whatever but for example lsd, if I’m looking concrete, not a small dose like a 100µg, 200µg dose of lsd. I will see weird runic writing everywhere, And then also what appears to be some kind of health way arcade drawings of elves and it’s like they’re basing those drawings on whatever this is and they seem to be alive but they seem to be existing on a different layer of the Universe and they seem to be aware of us to some degree but somewhat unconcerned or annoyed sometimes or ignoring or they seem like nature too. They seem wild, they don’t they seem feral, right. Not in a crazy way like a dog, a mad dog. But innocent of like an indigenous and tribal. Those things are probably there you know, that the astral plane that you’re seeing. But here’s the thing maybe for whatever reason we haven’t seen those things is because it doesn’t help us survive. It just complicates the situation. Like dealing with getting up in the morning and going to use the bathroom and need some food around or whatever order you do that in. It’s only complicated if on the way to the bathroom you’re seeing tribes of ancient hyper dimensional beings watching you from the walls.
Mike: Yeah, I love the idea of simulation theory that we’re all living inside a big virtual reality game because it makes everything more interesting like you said concrete or when I take mushrooms the carpet and I think that is the base level of reality is that the deeper you look into things maybe the the algorithm creates more complex solutions to your questions.
Duncan: But the question is who made the algorithm?
Duncan: Yeah, lots of…you know I was talking to my friend like this. I never liked those. Once i got to those parts in the books i just stopped reading because I cannot respect anyone It would do something like that that’s so f***** at meanwhile I’m super hipocrite because I eat meat. Different podcast. But the point is this guy and my friend I said to me know what that’s so f***** up like that what it where is compassion there and my friend said he’s not in the compassion, sorcerers are in it for the power. They actually see compassion as a kind of low-level form of power but it’s not the power it’s not that it’s not it’s it’s kind of like a grade school stuff. Compassion sure yeah ok f****** cultivate your compassion, whatever. You go ahead and do that I’m travelling into the astral realm. I’m making people do things and they don’t realise it I’m making s*** tons of money for myself and for my friends using magic and I don’t care about your compassion. Should I get you a blanket and maybe we got it in the end you find a nice the hill the sit down with your blanket Gandhi really that’s what you want compassion. So you run into those people and they’re real and then you can get into chapel perilous where suddenly you get sucked deeper and deeper into ever increasing realizations of the complexity of the astral realm. You can get lost in the astral realm. You can basically go nuts which is why you hear this again and again when it comes to magic. Be very careful, be careful. When you reading his books you know from the greatest magicians, all of them have like some pretty intense warnings in there is it how to protect yourself, how to purify yourself. In my younger days my reaction was like whatever, thats just a movie bulls***. I could sit In my room and do a ritual where I tried to make some connection with some Anokian entities and I don’t really need to go through the several days of preparation that they recommend. I don’t really need to wear the clothes they recommend or do the particular drawings the right way that you put on your wall or burn the right kind of incense. I don’t really need to do that because this is actually a bunch of b******* it can’t really be real. Then you sit down and start doing it in the next thing you know you open yourself up to something that you’ve had no idea what it was like ordering plutonium through the mail
Duncan: Ok. Well, C.S. Lewis made this Jesus metaphor, Jesus analogy for a lion. This lion Aslan is this wonderful being There is kind of like the Avatar that comes to balance things out of the peers and ontologies with one of the characters in the book when referring to Aslan this Christ symbol says he is not a tamed Lion. And in the same way this thing that we’re contacting in different ways thtough psychedelics or prayer, meditation, spiritual practice. It’s not tamed. it’s not safe in the way that we think things are safe. It kills every second it, devours itself and it does it with zero problem. Wiping out your identity in this particular incarnation. It doesn’t care, it doesn’t care if you walk off a cliff, it doesn’t save. It’s like oh yeah do that experiment, let’s try that again walking off the cliff up didn’t work.
Duncan: Yes, and to show them the highest technology because the highest technologies is not computers, the highest technology is love. That is the highest tech that is always cutting edge it will never stop being cutting edge it is the most cutting edge technology on planet Earth and to cultivate that and to get around people and love them. Not try to change them but to love them were they’re at good luck. But if you could do that, there’s people who have done that with me. There’s people who have cultivated that energy That’s where the transformation happens, that’s where the waking up happens. Does the waking up happen by showing people a look at this f****** Isis video. No that’s not going to wake people up to make people want to go back to sleep if they were awake. It made me like f*** this man, I’m just dont want to look at anything again that has something to do with the news. But if you come to someone that you don’t know and you’ve cultivated your ability or abilities. So Nim Crawley Baba, Ron Doss’s guru is telepathic. There is countless stories of him reading people’s minds. It’s called seeing into what they are and telling them things that they’ve never told anyone. So, he had cultivated over the many years prior to him becoming this awaken being. He was a sadhu a wandering aesthetic, but he also had a family. Very few people know who he was. His name, Nim Crawley Baba. Nim Crawley was a train station.They used to call him the train baba because he was on a train, I get these stories, I blur them up but he was like sitting on a train and he didn’t have a ticket. And they made him get off the train. He got off the train and the train wouldn’t go. And then they invited him back on the train and it went. So, no one really knows his story necessarily but you can be certain, and this is what’s really interesting about him and all the other you know „teachers“ is they are in Crawley and Lebur four talks about this an introduction definitely get me before you guys have a copy of Lebur four?
Duncan: Ok. Get a copy of that. L-I-B-E-R four(4). In the introduction of that Crawley talks about the the way that did people disappear for awhile. Muhammad goes into the cave. Jesus I do not know the first 30 years is life. Buddha goes into the forest. All the stories share that same component of going somewhere kind of vanishing from the world for a little while so you can speculate on what they were doing during that time period. Probably they were doing what you guys are doing right now, they were begining to expand their consciousness, Any beginning to you figure out had a like do some of the tricks that we have heard great sources are capable doing. So Nim Crawley Baba definitely achieved some state of being able to look into a person fully and see all the stuff in there. The next thing he did, now if you could just do that and there’s many people who can do that if you could just do that you would be a great salesperson you would be able to sell a lot of f****** mattresses, cars nuclear weapons, you will be able to really make a lot of money in the world by reading people completely seeing them see what they are you could really f*** with people if that was the only thing that you could do but what he added to it and what the awakened beings seem to do along with this ability is they look into that part of the person that the person doesn’t want to show anyone and they love it they don’t love it ambigously, they love it completely, they love it with everything inside of them personally. Not like i just love everything but like I see into you, I see that thing that you did that hurt that person so much and you know you hurt them and you feel so horrible about that but I love you still. I love the person you were when you did that. I were the person you were before you did that and I love you now completely and it’s not phoney, it’s real. If you could do those two things if you could master those two powers that every single human that you got around will at least temporarily wake up, they would wake up and they would feel what is real. The only thing that’s real which is love. Those are the two if I could choose he magical powers does will be there to that I would want to be able that and the third would be invisibility.
Duncan: It’s crazy right? That stuff that you just forget about. I was floating in a, I had a float tank in my house once and I would go into it all the time. I was floating in it and all of a sudden I would start having these vivid memories of things I completely forgot and I can remember like feeling that you’re being shown it’s not like you’re like summoning it is showing you this . When I was like 11, 13 -young kid I had this vivid recollection of me being a bully to someone. Completely forgot about it, but there it was like it never went anywhere, like it happened yesterday. God isn’t that scary. Every moment of bluntness, every moment of mild rudeness, this is is actually something someone told me who works at a hospice who has died. Had the experience of going someplace were being told no you’re not going to die yet, go back and work, you’re not off work yet. That’s the funny thing about death experiences when people talk about it a lot of them like I don’t want to come back, they make you come back here. Like in a way when you were a kind and you didn’t get a hall pass to go and use the bathroom. No, no, no, no, no. You go back into the classroom. You didn’t learn yet. So, in that same what he said that with the experience of dying when I talk about the life of you is not that you see it like you’re watching a movie but you view you experienced it again with the addition of that you feel what you made all the people around you feel.
A shakeup has been long expected because harsh competition and advances in technology require producers to make regular large-scale investment.
Health Canada declined to make a spokesperson available for an interview despite several requests. An e-mail from the department stated that in determining whether a message constitutes an advertisement, one must consider the context, the intended audience and who is delivering the message.
This finding was supported both by analysis of patterns on surviving structures, and by examination of 15th-century Persian scrolls. However, we have no indication of how much more the architects may have known about the mathematics involved. It is generally believed that such designs were constructed by drafting zigzag outlines with only a straightedge and a compass. Templates found on scrolls such as the 97-foot- (29.5 metres) long Topkapi Scroll may have been consulted. Found in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire and believed to date from the late 15th century, the scroll shows a succession of two- and three- dimensional geometric patterns. There is no text, but there is a grid pattern and color-coding used to highlight symmetries and distinguish three-dimensional projections. Drawings such as shown on this scroll would have served as pattern-books for the artisans who fabricated the tiles, and the shapes of the girih tiles dictated how they could be combined into large patterns. In this way, craftsmen could make highly complex designs without resorting to mathematics and without necessarily understanding their underlying principles.[7]
Firstly, divide the right angle A into five parts with same degree by creating four rays that start from A. Find an arbitrary point C on the second ray and drop perpendiculars from C to the sides of angle A counter-clockwise. This step creates the rectangle ABCD along with four segments that each has an endpoint at A and other endpoints are the intersections of the four rays with the two sides of BC and DC of rectangle ABCD. Then, find the midpoint of the fourth segment created from the fourth ray point E. Construct an arc with center A and radius AE to intersect AB at point F and the second ray at point G. The second segment is now a part of the rectangle's diagonal. Make a line, parallel to AD and passing through point G, that intersects the first ray at point H and the third ray at point I. The line HF passes through point E and intersects the third ray at L and line AD at J. Construct a line, passing through J which is parallel to the third ray. Also construct line EI and find M which is the intersection of this line with AD. From the point F make a parallel line to the third ray to meet the first ray at K. Construct segments GK, GL, and EM. Find the point N such that GI = IN by constructing a circle with center I and radius IG. Construct the line DN which is parallel to GK, to intersect the line emanate from J, to find P to complete the regular pentagon EINPJ. Line DN meets the perpendicular bisector of AB at Q. From Q construct a line parallel to FK to intersect ray MI at R. As shown in the figure, using O which is the center of the rectangle ABCD, as a center of rotation for 180°, one can make the fundamental region for the tiling.[1]
“There is a lot more potential, we just need to get more performance because it is possible others made huge steps,” said the highly rated Finn referring no doubt to the leap made by Ferrari.
People born and resident in the UK are assigned a Child Reference Number shortly after birth when a claim is made for Child Benefit.[3] At age 15 years 9 months HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) notifies each child of their NI number.[4] In 1993, a one-off mass allocation of NI numbers was made to all children under the age of 16 whose parents were in receipt of Child Benefit. As a result of this, siblings who met the criteria above were allocated NI numbers sequentially.[5] Persons from abroad who wish to work in the UK, or those to whom a number was not initially allocated as children, must apply for a number through the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).[6] The prefixes used are typically different from those used in the normal run.[6][not in citation given]
Although he’s only a rookie, Jameis Winston may be the main driving force for Tampa’s success this season. Concluding a brief, yet illustrious career at Florida State University that featured a Heisman Trophy honor and a national championship, Winston will now be asked to lead an offense that has struggled mightily in the past two seasons after breaking franchise marks in 2012. Losing only one game as a collegiate starter in two years, Winston has proved he can make plays and lead his team on the field; his off-the-field antics, however, have caused analysts to question his character. Persuading the football world that he’s a changed man earlier this year, Winston will get his opportunity to display his abilities once September rolls around.
4. In the year 2035, poor countries will no longer exist. Gates cites how much the world has changed during his own lifetime — moving from a world segmented into the Soviet Union, the Western Allies, and “everyone else” to the world we see today — as a precedent for how much it has the potential to change. He wrote in his 2014 letter that “aid is a fantastic investment, and we should be doing more. It saves and improves lives very effectively, laying the groundwork for […] long-term economic progress.” 5. By 2030 there will be a clean energy breakthrough that will revolutionize our world. In a slightly more recent prediction, made in 2016, Gates does not name any existing method of renewable energy as the panacea, but he thinks the key is investment in young people. He has already invested $2 billion in alternative technologies. 6. Countless jobs will be lost to automation. In an interview with Quartz, Bill Gates envisages, as many industry leaders do, a world in which humans are put out of work by robots. Gates, though, has provided a possible plan of action: to tax robots in order to fund more jobs that can only be performed by humans, like taking care of the elderly or working with children. 7. Polio could be eliminated worldwide by 2019. In his 2013 Annual Letter, Gates revealed statistics showing that the prevalence of polio has been reduced from impacting millions of people in hundreds of countries to now being active in only three countries worldwide. The key, he states, is measurement: “You have to measure accurately, as well as create an environment where problems can be discussed openly so you can effectively evaluate what’s working and what’s not.”
As it turns out, Iron Dome is of limited applicability outside of an Israeli context. It was made to pick off relatively unsophisticated short and mid-range missiles of a kind that threaten almost no other developed country or military.
“I don’t trust Romney. He shouldn’t make my son’s death part of his political agenda. It’s wrong to use these brave young men, who wanted freedom for all, to degrade Obama,” Barbara Doherty told 7News in Boston.
Bowing to market pressures and customer demand for access to the full breadth of Android apps, Barnes & Noble has made the bold move of adding the Google Play store to its two latest tablets, the Nook HD and Nook HD+ . The free software update, which also includes the Chrome Web browser, doesn't turn the company's tablets into true "open" Android devices, but it does make them much more open than they were. It will be available today to download from bn.com and will be rolled out to devices in the coming days via an over-the-air Wi-Fi update.
An unnamed 31-year-old man wrote on the Japanese marriage advice forum Kikonsha no Hakaba (”The Gravesite of Married People”) that his wife has recently become obsessed with the Disney hit and made him watch it, according to Rocket News 24.
“If you can’t understand what makes this movie great, there’s something wrong with you as a human being!” she responded.
Durkheim's first key move in analysing moral life was to locate it not in the private inner conscience of the superego, but in collective life. He understood the fundamental beliefs which shaped human life as essentially social phenomena. In his classic study, The Elementary Forms of Religious Life, published 100 years ago this year, Durkheim wrote that individuals who make up a social group "'feel bound to one another because of their common beliefs". Belief, as he argued, was not a matter of personal opinion or private religious experience, but "belongs to the group and unites it". For our highly individualised, post-reformation culture, in which we naturally think of belief in terms of deep inner conviction, Durkheim's perspective can be challenging. It draws us away from thinking about the inner authenticity of a person's beliefs to thinking about belief as a form of social practice. It opens up the possibility that, rather than being like a piece of software code that runs consistently in the mind of the individual, belief may be an intense but sporadic social experience dependent on particular kinds of group activity.
But that 1970 Cincinnati team is famous for another reason: Of the 158 teams from 1970 to 2014 that started an N.F.L. season with a 1-5 record, it is the only one to make the playoffs. It actually began the season 1-6, before winning its final seven games to finish 8-6.
Like Carter, Alex Smith is one of the game’s brightest quarterbacks, and is able to make plays with his legs. Their passing styles are similar, too. Entering Week 11, Alex Smith’s average pass had traveled just 6.08 yards from the line of scrimmage, by far the fewest in the league. But Smith’s conservative approach has its benefits: He has not thrown an interception since Week 3, and he has thrown a franchise-record 253 consecutive passes without an interception.
For all the talk we make about wanting Google to open the floodgates on Glass, lowering the price and making it widely available to users interested in embracing this brave new world of wearable technology, it’s easy to forget that Glass still isn’t a finished product. Last fall, for example, we learned of some minor changes Google was making to Glass’s hardware, tweaking how Glass would work with prescription lenses and other small adjustments. Today, on the eve of Google I/O 2014, Google’s got another Glass refresh to announce, with some improved hardware specs.
All those admissions from the league for blown calls that cost them chances to win games, all the horrible regular-season scheduling like the four-games-in-five-nights-on-the-west-coast-season-killing November trips, the bad calls that have made the organization feel in some way like the redheaded stepchildren of the NBA. It’s not so much disrespect as it is disregard and if there’s one thing Ujiri, Dwane Casey and players want out of this one shot in the spotlight, it’s for the league to take notice and make some changes.
It’s not that anyone will go on the record to voice the obvious concerns — the possibility of hefty fines tends to dissuade them from doing that — but it is palpable. DeMar DeRozan spoke of it in the abstract last week when he talked about wanting to ensure the Raptors aren’t seen as pushovers by anyone in the league; Casey has talked about the need for respect from the league and officials incessantly over the past three seasons and the post-season has galvanized it and made casual fans sit up and take notice. Ujiri has been the driving force since he arrived as the team’s president and general manager. Fans can be sure the message he delivers to them publicly is being made privately to top NBA officials often. What he wants more than anything is a fair shake, he doesn’t want the franchise to just be known as one the one that’s outside the continental U.S. by agents, fans, rival teams and the league. He and the team have a pulpit now to make some noise and make themselves relevant: They are in a playoff series against a team that comes from the biggest media market in North America. Playing the Nets is a perfect platform to stand up and say, “hey, look at us, we’re here and we’re not going away.”
The BJP poster boy's rally here would be the first for him in south India after being made the chief of the party's election campaign committee.
Since deeming data "terrorist information" makes it eligible to be saved in the NCTC's database forever, the document's fuzzy definition of terrorist information is a source for concern, said Ginger McCall of EPIC.
"This is high stakes, because you're talking about potentially being classified in connection with terrorism information," she said. "The data can be retained indefinitely then. We don't know all the parties that this data is shared with, or all the uses that are made of this data."
EPIC's ultimate goal with its Freedom Of Information Act request is to find out which government agencies are sharing information with the NCTC, and under what terms they are allowing the center to make wholesale copies of databases. So far, however, the government has refused to provide the memorandums of understanding between the NCTC and other government agencies. The government claimed to EPIC that it couldn't find any such memoranda, even though they are referenced and linked in the training guide. The ODNI public affairs office declined to comment on the missing memoranda, citing EPIC's ongoing lawsuit.
To celebrate the 20 year anniversary of Nirvana's 'MTV Unplugged in New York' concert, the TV channel released some special behind-the-scenes footage along with testimonies from those who made the event possible. MTV writes that "there isn't one thing you'd change" about the concert, which legions of Nirvana fanatics certainly agree with, but according to MTV, Dave Grohl almost didn't make the cut.
In the modern era, with minimum wage so much higher than the rate of inflation, a premium is placed on tangible skills. This often puts unskilled laborers in limbo: they must have experience to get a job, but they first need to get a job to earn such experience. Rowe explains with a specific example that modern-day business owners are all too keen upon cutting costs to preserve resources. With technology advancing at a higher rate than ever, it is far too easy for executives to mechanize and make changes earlier than they perhaps were waiting to enact at a later time.
Dear @SpeakerRyan: If there’s literally ANYTHING I can do to make sure @realDonaldTrump stays in this race ’til the end, let me know. – Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) August 3, 2016
These negative nelllies blame fatness for every evil that has ever besieged them, no matter how petty. Conversely, being thin is assumed to be a magical state of being that gets you into all the cool clubs, makes boys like you and gets you straight A's on all your homework. Wow, sounds like a good deal!
Taking another page from traditional organized crime, cartels are also moving into extortion. A cartel representative will approach the owner of a business — whether a pharmacy or a taco stand — demanding a monthly stipend for “protection.” If those payments aren’t made on time, the business is often burned to the ground, or the owner is threatened, kidnapped or killed.
Obama has failed poor-black communities. The Democrats do not provide an alternative to GOP insanity. And Black Friday is the symbol of a morally bankrupt and banal culture. It makes no sense for leftists to apologize for the unforgivable. But it makes plenty of sense for leftists to provide alternatives to the status quo.
As Gail Dines reminds us, just because the right-wing opposes pornography, that doesn’t make it a wonderful thing. The left also needs to apply critical analysis to the porno-industry, or, as Gail says, “Industrialized Sex.” There’s nothing liberating about long-term psychological and physical damage, economic exploitation and social alienation. In a lot of ways, the left needs to stop gravitating toward easy-to-digest answers.
For example, just because my union friends are in unions doesn’t make them progressives. Plenty of people I know leave union meetings only to bad-mouth blacks and immigrants at the local pub. How is this progressive? On the contrary, I’ve been in Latin American communities where I’ve heard Muslims discussed in a negative manner. In both cases, I offer my reflections and judgements.
We should be educating people and informing them that the very objects they’re purchasing have been made by women and children of color in sweatshops throughout the Global South. I don’t find that sort of criticism offensive, and neither should those in the US who are interested in creating a less hierarchical, oppressive and exploitative world.
Ken Clarke made the comments amid growing backlash to Mr Burnham’s recent criticism of immigration. The former Labour leadership candidate said in a House of Commons speech last week that Labour’s position of supporting free movement of people is “undermining the cohesion of the UK”.
Shape Created with Sketch. Nobel winner slates Britain's 'stupid' immigration reforms Show all 8 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Nobel winner slates Britain's 'stupid' immigration reforms 1/8 04-nobelwinner1-gt.jpg Prof Sir Andre Geim: Russian-born, he now holds dual British and Dutch nationality. In 2005, he and his team isolated graphene, a one-atom-thick carbon material which is 200 times stronger than steel and several times tougher than diamond, winning him the Nobel Prize for Physics. It can hold a charge similar to a battery – when charged for two to three seconds it powers a small light for five minutes. Getty Images 2/8 04-nobelwinner2.jpg Nadir Lalani: A Tanzania-born Pakistani who came to the UK in 1973 with very little money to his name. He opened a convenience store before founding the chain of 99p stores in 2001, the first in Holloway, north London, which has now expanded to 200 shops across the country. 3/8 04-nobelwinner3.jpg Levi Roots: Born Keith Graham, he came to the UK with his Jamaican parents at the age of five. Roots, 54, secured £50,000 investment for his Reggae Reggae Sauce from TV’s Dragons’ Den reality show. The sauce, and other lines, are now in supermarkets and Roots has made a £30m fortune. 4/8 04-nobelwinner4-gt.jpg Margaret Hodge: Born in Egypt to Jewish émigré parents, she arrived in the UK at the age of five. Despite having little money, her father started a steel company, Stemcor, which is now the sixth-largest UK company in private ownership. She is the Labour MP for Barking, a former minister, and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee. Getty Images 5/8 04-nobelwinner5-bbc.jpg James Caan: Born in Pakistan in 1960, the son of Bangladeshi parents, he came to the UK when he was aged two. His father had little money and no job but started a clothing company. The young Caan started his own recruitment company and later founded the venture capitalist firm. Best known from BBC TV’s Dragons’ Den. BBC 6/8 04-nobelwinner6-AFPgt.jpg Sir Partha Dasgupta: Born in Bangladesh, Sir Partha was educated at Cambridge in the 1960s but earned less than the minimum pay requirement (in today’s prices) after graduating. He is now emeritus professor of economics at Cambridge and a fellow of the Royal Society. Knighted in 2002 for services to economics. AFP/Getty Images 7/8 04-nobelwinner7.jpg Rajesh Agrawal: Born in India, he was earning £65 a month before coming to the UK in 2001 at the age of 24 with £200 in his back pocket. He founded the independent foreign exchange firm RationalFX in a small office in Brighton. The company had a turnover last year of £474m. 8/8 04-nobelwinner8-AFPgt.jpg Prof Richard Portes: US-born academic who was appointed a fellow at Balliol College, Oxford, in the 1960s, earning £22,000 in today’s terms. Founded the Centre for Economic Policy Research in 1983, is now professor of Economics at London Business School and a fellow of the British Academy. AFP/Getty Images 1/8 04-nobelwinner1-gt.jpg Prof Sir Andre Geim: Russian-born, he now holds dual British and Dutch nationality. In 2005, he and his team isolated graphene, a one-atom-thick carbon material which is 200 times stronger than steel and several times tougher than diamond, winning him the Nobel Prize for Physics. It can hold a charge similar to a battery – when charged for two to three seconds it powers a small light for five minutes. Getty Images 2/8 04-nobelwinner2.jpg Nadir Lalani: A Tanzania-born Pakistani who came to the UK in 1973 with very little money to his name. He opened a convenience store before founding the chain of 99p stores in 2001, the first in Holloway, north London, which has now expanded to 200 shops across the country. 3/8 04-nobelwinner3.jpg Levi Roots: Born Keith Graham, he came to the UK with his Jamaican parents at the age of five. Roots, 54, secured £50,000 investment for his Reggae Reggae Sauce from TV’s Dragons’ Den reality show. The sauce, and other lines, are now in supermarkets and Roots has made a £30m fortune. 4/8 04-nobelwinner4-gt.jpg Margaret Hodge: Born in Egypt to Jewish émigré parents, she arrived in the UK at the age of five. Despite having little money, her father started a steel company, Stemcor, which is now the sixth-largest UK company in private ownership. She is the Labour MP for Barking, a former minister, and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee. Getty Images 5/8 04-nobelwinner5-bbc.jpg James Caan: Born in Pakistan in 1960, the son of Bangladeshi parents, he came to the UK when he was aged two. His father had little money and no job but started a clothing company. The young Caan started his own recruitment company and later founded the venture capitalist firm. Best known from BBC TV’s Dragons’ Den. BBC 6/8 04-nobelwinner6-AFPgt.jpg Sir Partha Dasgupta: Born in Bangladesh, Sir Partha was educated at Cambridge in the 1960s but earned less than the minimum pay requirement (in today’s prices) after graduating. He is now emeritus professor of economics at Cambridge and a fellow of the Royal Society. Knighted in 2002 for services to economics. AFP/Getty Images 7/8 04-nobelwinner7.jpg Rajesh Agrawal: Born in India, he was earning £65 a month before coming to the UK in 2001 at the age of 24 with £200 in his back pocket. He founded the independent foreign exchange firm RationalFX in a small office in Brighton. The company had a turnover last year of £474m. 8/8 04-nobelwinner8-AFPgt.jpg Prof Richard Portes: US-born academic who was appointed a fellow at Balliol College, Oxford, in the 1960s, earning £22,000 in today’s terms. Founded the Centre for Economic Policy Research in 1983, is now professor of Economics at London Business School and a fellow of the British Academy. AFP/Getty Images
Following his election as new Ukip leader, Paul Nuttall has said the party’s strategy is to “replace Labour” by appealing to working-class voters, especially in the north of England who would have traditionally supported the party. Addressing supporters during a victory speech, Mr Nuttall said: “My ambition is not insignificant – I want to replace the Labour Party and make Ukip the patriotic voice of working people.”
Catania, 46, believes his quest to make history comes down to the contrast between his record and Bowser's, and he doesn't believe voters will define him based on his race, sexual orientation or former party affiliation. Catania left the GOP in 2004 over then-President George W. Bush's opposition to gay marriage, and since then he has championed a number of progressive issues.
Catania, who chairs the council's education committee, has made improving the city's public schools his top priority, with an emphasis on narrowing the achievement gap and improving outcomes for poor students. Bowser has refused to yield on the topic, saying that no one will move faster than her on education reform. Neither candidate has committed to retain schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson, who has maintained and fine-tuned the standardized testing policies and rigorous teacher-evaluation system established by her more famous predecessor, Michelle Rhee.
The squat is foundational to the Olympic lifts as a position, a movement and a strength exercise. Without a well-developed and consistent squat, neither pulling technique nor pulling power will produce entirely successful Olympic weightlifting. The great natural physical variation among athletes dictates that there will never be a universally perfect prescription for body positioning, but irrespective of this variation, the fundamental principles remain consistent. Continued reliance on them will ensure that modifications from the strict prescription are rational and sound instead of haphazard and likely improper.Because the squat, more so than any other element of the lifts, will be affected by temporary impediments such as limited flexibility, a greater deal of modification will be necessary and allowable during an athlete’s advancement. However, even in the cases of lifters for whom the strictest positioning prescription is initially impossible, this prescription will remain the ultimate goal, and continued efforts toward that end should be made.Be cautious of defying the underlying principles with the excuse of individual variation—often this is inappropriately cited when the actual cause of an athlete's inability to adhere to these prescriptions is entirely correctable over time, such as flexibility-related limitations or simply stubborn habits. It's necessary to critically evaluate each athlete individually to make accurate determinations—avoid allowing an athlete to continue poor habits due simply to laziness or frustration with slow progress and, more importantly, increase the risk of injury.The depth of an Olympic squat should not even be a topic of discussion, but because there has been and continues to be discussion among coaches and athletes in sports outside of weightlifting, it warrants at least clarification: proper depth is full depth; full depth means full depth. That is, full depth is not parallel, nor is it breaking parallel—it is squatting to the lowest position possible without surgical alteration of body parts while maintaining correct posture. To simplify, we want to close the knee joint maximally while maintaining a correctly arched back.Depth is measured by the position of the hips, and the depth of the hips is governed by the position of the knees, the degree of dorsiflexion of the ankles, the absolute and relative lengths of the upper and lower leg, the horizontal position of the hips relative to the feet, the width and degree of external rotation of the feet, and the mass of the upper and lower legs. These factors are largely interdependent, and a change in one will typically effect change in others.If the knees are prevented from moving forward over the feet, as is taught by many coaches and trainers, the hips must travel farther back behind the feet. With the hips behind the athlete’s base, the torso must be inclined forward to a greater degree in order for the athlete’s center of mass to remain balanced over the feet. If the hips are lowered from this position, flexibility will restrict the spine’s ability to remain correctly arched, forcing the athlete to curl forward, again to remain balanced. For what should be fairly obvious reasons, neither of these positions will allow the safe and effective support of a barbell in the positions it must be received in the snatch and clean. (Note that very short-legged athletes will be able to achieve a proper squat depth and position without the knees passing significantly forward of the toes.) Moving the knees in front of the toes is not a goal itself, but something that must be allowed to happen in order to achieve the depth and trunk orientation we need.Inadequate ankle flexibility can also result in the knees remaining too far back—if the ankles are unable to dorsiflex to a great enough degree, the lower leg cannot reach an angle sufficient to bring the knees into a position that allows the hips to reach their intended placement. This is the reason for the lifted heel of weightlifting shoes—elevation of the heel effectively increases the ankles’ range of motion.Femur length will affect the depth of each athlete’s squat simply by dictating how far away from the knees the hips will be. Athletes with great flexibility and long femurs will display extraordinarily deep squat positions, while their shorter-femured counterparts will appear higher even when at their maximal depth. For some athletes, femur length will exceed what can be compensated for through ankle flexibility in the basic squat position, and adjustments will need to be made to allow a better bottom position.For individuals with largely muscled legs and who are capable of very upright torso positions in the bottom of the squat, the hips may not be particularly low relative to the knees even when the knees are closed completely.As the base from which all movement and positioning originates, the placement of the feet will dramatically influence the squat. The width of the stance and degree of external rotation will affect the movement and position of the hips and back, and will often be the deciding factor in whether a squat is successful or failed, mechanically sound or injurious. Individual variation notwithstanding, the feet must be positioned in a manner that allows and encourages proper biomechanics of the legs, hips and back, while allowing the greatest possible range of motion and supporting the unique positional and movement characteristics of the Olympic lifts.Anthropometrics—in particular relative leg segment lengths—and hip anatomy will dictate appropriate width and rotation of the feet. Flexibility limitations and similar impediments may prevent an athlete from immediately achieving this ultimately proper positioning, but again, these are temporary obstacles that should be corrected.The starting foot placement will be slightly outside hip-width at the heels with the toes turned out comfortably—generally between approximately 20-35 degrees from center. With the athlete sitting at the bottom of the squat in this basic position, adjustments can be quickly made according to leg segment and trunk lengths, hip anatomy, and ankle and knee alignment to place him or her in the proper position.From here, there are two basic criteria with which we’re concerned: When viewed from directly above, the foot and thigh are approximately parallel with each other; when viewed from the front of the toe, the foot is approximately underneath the knee. The hips should sit in between the heels somewhat; in other words, the heel will not be directly under the thigh, but slightly outside of its centerline. This positioning will keep the knees and ankles aligned well, but will also allow for slightly improved depth, and, more importantly, a more absorptive bottom position—that is, the final position will be structurally sound without having an abrupt and jarring stop.With these relationships established—assuming the hips are at full possible depth—the remaining positional relationships will be unavoidably correct. This allows for a wide range of potential external rotation—athletes will in general naturally find what is most comfortable for them. That said, some athletes will need to be told explicitly to spread the knees farther than they wish; occasionally athletes will prefer a stance that prevents the hips from reaching adequate depth between the thighs due to the structures of the upper thighs being pushed into the forward edges of the pelvis. If the athlete is unable to achieve adequate depth and back extension, particularly if he or she is also feeling pressure near the front of the hips, a more externally rotated stance is more than likely needed.What this positioning achieves is simple but important— biomechanically sound alignment of the involved joints , optimizing performance and reducing the risk of injury.These relationships of the feet and leg segments should be maintained for the duration of the movement—in other words, the knees should follow the line described by the angle of the feet as the athlete descends and recovers. For many athletes, this will, at least initially, require they consciously make an effort to push the knees out to the sides as the tendency will be for the knees to collapse inward From this basic position, there will be a degree of adjustment possible without considerable violation of these relationships. That is, once in this starting position, the athlete will find he or she can move the feet in and out and turn the toes in and out slightly and continue to meet the criteria fairly well. This small range will allow some latitude for personal preference, and the lifter is encouraged to experiment within this range until the most comfortable position is found.The effect of hip width on foot placement should be self-explanatory—this is the origin of the legs and consequently the starting point for the stance. Relative leg segment length affects how far back the foot travels relative to the thigh as the knee flexes. The longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the farther toward the hip the foot will be when the knee is closed—this means that the longer the lower leg is relative to the upper leg, the closer the feet will be in a sound squat position. In other words, the overall length of the legs is not enough to determine squat stance—how that length is created is what matters.The foot position should be identical for all squat variations—back squat, front squat, overhead squat—and all receiving positions except the split in the jerk—snatch, clean, power snatch, power clean, power jerk, squat jerk. Many athletes will assume different foot positions for each type of squat—this is an indicator that the athlete has not learned and developed a correct squat position, and is likely in need of improved flexibility.Read more about the Olympic squat in Olympic Weightlifting: A Complete Guide for Athletes & Coaches by Greg Everett
What makes a great lager? I wish I knew for sure.
I put two Ontario lagers that I’m quite fond of – Amsterdam Brewery’s 3 Speed and Cameron’s Brewing Captain’s Log – head-to-head to see what makes them great.
In other words, Amsterdam has deftly made a light American lager that doesn’t need to sacrifice taste entirely for drinkability. It goes down as easy as any, but there’s just a bit more substance for those that care for such things.
It is possible to make a great lager, but the style is certainly harder to quantify than other types of beer.
Mets centerfielder Juan Lagares hit what turned out to be the game-winning three-run homer in the sixth inning of yesterday’s game against the Braves. As you can see in the video above (if it’s not embedding properly for you, look here), after Lagares crossed home plate he was greeted by teammate Curtis Granderson, who’d been on base, and Granderson made a big show of pointing to the orange wristband on Lagares’s left arm. He did it again when they were back in the dugout.
It doesn’t really look much like Lagares, but that’s part of the charm of these things, right? According to this NJ.com item, “[The wristbands] work for him. He began wearing them recently and has gone on a hot streak since. His teammates say it’s the cause of his success. His performance Sunday — 3-for-5 with a go-ahead three-run home run — certainly won’t make him stop.”
Membership update: I put a batch of membership cards in the mail on Saturday (including Mike O’Connor’s early-2000s Blue Jays treatment, shown at right), so recent enrollees should watch their mailboxes. This makes us fully caught up on membership orders.
As always, you can order your own custom-designed membership card here, you can see all the cards we’ve designed so far here, and you can see how we make the cards here.
Hockey News : Never seen this early Lightning wordmark before. Reminds me a bit of the old Zenith logo. ”¦ Whoa, check out the Caps player in the background of this photo — looks like he’s wearing a lacrosse helmet/mask! Anyone know who that was? (Good find by Steven Schapansky.) ”¦ Chris Creamer has created a sensational infographic showing the jersey worn by each Stanley Cup-winning team. Several great little nuances in the design, but I’ll let you discover those for yourself. Chris says he wants to make this into a poster, and he should definitely do that.
“It’ll be tough for him to make this week,” McCarthy said Wednesday.
Nelson’s production has slipped this season, and even the return of quarterback Aaron Rodgers from his broken collarbone for the Panthers game didn’t jump-start the receiver. Nelson was leading the league with six touchdown receptions when Rodgers got hurt in Week 6 but hasn’t caught one since. He has 53 catches (his fewest since 2010) for 482 yards (his fewest since 2009). Nelson has one year left on his contract and is scheduled to make $10.25 million in salary and bonuses next season.
Shop with 100% confidence at Dover Saddlery. If something doesn’t fit you or your horse, return your original purchase within a year, and we’ll make it right with a refund, exchange or replacement.
Arrow doesn’t feel lost like it did last year, trying to make anything work. It feels more like a victim of its success, and a slave to a formula that really only worked well for a single season. Rather than being desperate to make that formula work this year, though, it seems merely content to just be on the air. I’m sure we’re in store for shocks aplenty in the final six episodes in that way Arrow does to try to make it seem like the whole season was a pressure cooker. Yet, shocks are as good as a handful of candy. It’s good in the moment, but too often not something long-lasting or memorable.
That’s what makes these simulations pertinent even as improved technology becomes available, O’Shea said.
“We are all together in Taksim today. Today is a day we made history all together.”
“The government has to think about the mistakes they have made they have to think about the other half of the population. (who did not vote for them),” she said. “We all have to come together.”
For a short time THE STRAWBERRY ALARM CLOCK were one of the main attractions in the L.A./Sunset Blvd area. A number of people started digging their music, hoping the psychedelic vibrations would continue a while longer. But it wasn't to be. The whole Sunset Blvd. club thing was outlawed, and everybody scattered to new places for their musical fix and everything else. But, finally, we have one of the original artifacts from that wonderful, exciting, weird era. Listening to this does bring back some good memories of growing up during that period when everything was seemingly new and vital. And that makes this release of the original album all the more important. Admittedly if you weren't there you'll hear it with slightly different ears, but this band/music/ Single was a part of the times.
As I said-a small wrong has been made right-it's good to know that I now own one of the small but important musical artifacts of that time, when it seemed there was something new to hear every week. A small but important piece of the puzzle is now in place. Enjoy!
Glenfiddich is a single malt Scotch whisky, this means the whisky was distilled at a single distillery using a pot still distillation process and must be made from a mash of malted grain.
The way he interacts with his fans to make sure they have special moment even it means ruffling his hair.
The way he can make you feel smart and special even through an educational app.
The way he says goodnight to make you feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside.
I could make more ways as to why I love David Tennant because there are just so many, but I think this will suffice for now. I love this man from the bottom of my hearts. He is not only really handsome and a great actor, but he has good heart and a soul, and is the kindest most generous person you could ever hope to meet. He is wonderful and brilliant, and I am beyond proud to be a fan of his.
We’re tech geeks, engineers, designers, dreamers… and as it turns out, our adventure with VR all started after seeing the Google I/O presentation online. We love new technology, ideas and gadgets, and we wanted to have our very own Google cardboard virtual reality kit. Like most people, we printed out the templates, on a piece of ordinary A4 paper, to make our own. But we quickly found out making one with scrap cardboard boxes, cutters, and excited resolve didn't really cut it - it wasn't as easy as it looked.
NRA to now devote attention to first amendment. Trying to make it okay to yell fire in a crowded theater. — Albert Brooks (@AlbertBrooks) April 17, 2013
If you found a tool made by one of the aforementioned creatures, we are still debating whether or not you have contacted the right department. And it is not an artifact.
Similarly, do not contact me about finding pieces of UFO’s. Archaeologists study artifacts made by humans, not extraterrestrials.
In Puerto Rico, the local population had already been inoculated from the Danish colony of Saint Thomas. In Venezuela, the expedition divided at La Guayra. José Salvany, the deputy surgeon, went toward today's Colombia and the Viceroyalty of Peru (Venezuela, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia). They took seven years and the toils of the voyage brought death to Salvany (Cochabamba, 1810). Balmis went to Caracas and later to Havana. The local poet Andrés Bello wrote an ode to Balmis. In New Spain, Balmis took 25 orphans to maintain the infection during the crossing of the Pacific. In the Philippines, they received help from the Catholic church, which was initially reluctant until Governor-General Rafael Aguilar made an example by vaccinating his five children.[5] Balmis sent most of the expedition back to New Spain while he went on to China, where he visited Macau and Canton. On his way back to Spain, Balmis convinced the British authorities of Saint Helena (1806) to be vaccinated.
It goes without saying that all of this is truly gross. To think it's in any way appropriate, as an able-bodied person, to take advantage of systems that have been put in place to make life easier for those with physical disabilities is disgusting; to do so in order to assert your extreme privilege is despicable. It's wonderful (and necessary!) that there's a Disney tour service out there catering to those with special needs; to co-opt it as a means of further spoiling advantaged rich kids is shameful, oblivious, and demeaning.
Egg freezing is having its moment in the public eye. Celebrities like Sofia Vergara and Kim Kardashian have come out with their own tales of egg freezing, and despite some backlash, America is beginning to embrace the marriage between technology and fertility. Recently, Maria Menunos told Good Morning America that she'd frozen her eggs at age 33, describing the decision as "a bit of an insurance policy." While statistics are hard to come by—egg freezing is bucketed an experimental procedure by the ASRM (American Society for Reproductive Medicine), making standardization of collecting data near impossible—it seems Menunos is in good company: egg freezing is now a mainstream topic, so much so that companies like Facebook and Apple have made headlines for covering the cost of egg freezing for their employees.
I barely made it through the first night. My best friend Alexandra slept over and told me that every 15 minutes until morning I'd awake drenched in a cold sweat, screaming for Percocet. I had to switch to Oxycodone the next day to manage the pain. She stayed with me that whole week, as I was physically unable to even roll out of bed on my own, much less standing up. Walking to the bathroom 16 feet away was a team effort and took a solid 10 minutes. Mandatory bed rest ensued as I was at high risk to have a repeat ovarian torsion: My ovaries were still the size of grapefruits. I couldn't leave my apartment for two weeks and wasn't allowed to workout for a month following the ER trip.
Earlier in the day, in a meeting with Japanese business leaders, Modi said his government was pursuing a new direction of economic reforms. He said his government was resolved to make India the most open economy in the world.
In bad news for Simon Mannering owners, the reliable forward suffered a serious cut to his mouth. Before the injury he spent 44 minutes on the field where he made 28 tackles and one line break to score 34 points.
Star halfback Shaun Johnson (40 points) was able to spark his side. He made 20 tackles and had two line break assists.
Euan Aitken has failed to overcome a hamstring strain with Will Matthews to deputise in the centres early on. Rookie centre Taane Milne will make his NRL debut from the bench.
* Peter Mata’utia made his return to the Hunter after a few years with the Dragons and replaced his brother Pat at left centre. The match went poorly for the eldest of the Mata’utia clan and he scored just 16 before leaving the field.
* Kevin Naiqama was hit hard trying to make a tackle and left the field for a concussion test late in the match and didn’t return.
Frank-Paul Nuuausala has been left out of the team, with Paul Vaughan taking his spot at starting prop. As a result Clay Priest has been named on the Riaders bench to make his NRL debut.
* Popular SuperCoach cash cow Ashley Taylor was ruled out the day before the match after spending time in hospital with stomach cramps. He was replaced at five-eighth by fellow rookie Cameron Cullen, who made a creditable 48 points, including a try assist, in his second game of NRL. With Taylor expected back next week and Tyrone Roberts fit, it’s unlikely Cullen has much to offer SuperCoaches, although his price will jump significantly the next time he pulls on the Titans strip.
SuperCoach ‘God’ Corey Parker bagged himself a try in the latter part of the second half, taking his score to 81 points. He also kicked four goals and made four tackle busts.
Alex Glenn is out with a hip injury with Sam Thaiday coming into the starting side. Herman Ese’ese earns a call-up onto the bench to make his debut.
Forward George Burgess has been dropped. Damien Cook has been promoted into the starting side at hooker with Cameron McInnes dropping to the bench. Kirisome Auva’a also drops to the bench with Dane Nielsen to make his Rabbitohs debut at centre. Backrower Paul Carter starts with Kyle Turner omitted.
We applaud women who are able to make it through school while raising a child, but at the same time there are not a lot of resources available for moms in this situation. All colleges don’t exactly offer day care. One mom who clearly had no other options decided to bring her child to class. And her teacher responded in the most amazing way.
There are always opportunities to make someone feel seen — like they matter. Good for you, professor. This photo just made our morning.
Nina Totenberg, the veteran court correspondent for National Public Radio, reported on Wednesday morning: “Those defending DOMA have been strangely unwilling to make their arguments outside of the court. House Speaker John Boehner declined to be interviewed for the article, as did Clement and leading House members who voted for the law.”
Howdy readers! Long time no see. First off, I’d like to apologize for having not made a new post in over a month. My wife recently gave birth to our first child – a boy – born on July 2nd. As I’m sure you can understand, all of my attention and time has been devoted to learning how to take care of the little guy since he arrived. It’s been a wild ride so far, and we’re only just getting started! Things are starting to calm down now though, and because of that I can finally return to Complete Keto to share more recipes with you.
Unlike the latter two books in the series, The Dragonbone Chair is all Simon, the young hero of the series; out of the 44 chapters in this first book, Simon makes an appearance in all but three of them. (Yes, I am a semi-OCD Math, Physics and CompSci major…but I’ve gotten better.) This is in sharp contrast to the latter books in the series which bounces back and forth between several groups of characters as the conflict spreads throughout the world.
King John Prester, he who united the world of men, dies, and the world falls into chaos. The Norns, like their brethren the Sitha so long lived that they seem immortal, have been plotting vengeance for quite some time, and put their plan into motion. They make an alliance with King John’s heir, Elias, through an evil priest named Pryrates and the country soon feels the wrath of that alliance with changing weather patterns, the appearance of things previously unseen and Elias’ heavy handedness.
In Part One – Simon Mooncalf (my re-read is post here), Simon has a relatively normal life (thinking about girls, dreaming about battles, trying to sneak off to join the army) until being apprenticed to Morgenes. Reference is made to Simon’s birth to an unknown father, and a promise made by Morgenes to keep the boy safe.
The rest, under Prince Josua, prepare for King Elias’ assault on the castle Naglimund. There is much politicking trying to sway Nabban and Hernystir (other kingdoms under Elias) to join one side or the other; but King Elias wins these kingdoms through treachery. The castle is eventually brought down by the forces of the Norns, the Red Hand and the Bukken, those whom Elias has made alliance with. Josua and some few others escape the castle into the forest.
How can they stop Elias and the Storm King? What was the bargain that Elias made with the Storm King?
Bob is now very confident with his ability to assign sub domains to things and starts assigning every department their own sub domains to make everything easier to use. He even sets up personal sub domains so he doesn’t have to remember all the annoying IP addresses of the server’s that he sometimes manages. The cPanel page that he uses to manage everything? Why that’s “cpanel.hueinc.com” of course! The company’s employee login page? “employees.hueinc.com”. The IP cameras for the building? “surveillance.hueinc.com”. The toaster in the lounge that tweets when bread is full toasted? “toasted.hueinc.com”!
Bob is very excited about how much easier he has made things!
I am quickly running out of food in my kitchen. I try to make my grocery store runs last two weeks, so I “can’t” go to the store till Wednesday. So it was up to me to use the art of throwing sh*t together to make myself a dish that would last me a couple of days.
"I'd like to have 26 points off the bench," Bears coach Mike Montgomery said of his injury-depleted roster. "We can't make excuses, but we don't have a lot of flexibility."
Dwight Powell, who was 9-for-9 at the foul line, scored a game-high 17 points. Stanford made 25 of its 31 free throws, while Cal was only 11-for-15.
They also attacked the Pac-10's leading scorer, Allen Crabbe. With Andy Brown having the primary defensive responsibility, Stanford held Crabbe to 14 points, six under his average. He took just four shots in the first half and made one of them.
"We came out with a defensive-minded game and tried to be as tough as we can and make the plays down the stretch," Powell said.
Because of being open, I get many offers. Every single big company related to weightlifting has made some kind of offer to me. I was an athlete for so many years and nobody wrote to me. Now, when I sort of finished my career, they write me every day.
That can happen. This is why the question about the Olympics is so hard. My team and I have to consider every possibility to make the final decision.
Why am I starting to talk in English? Because 90% of my viewers are not Russian. I don’t have subtitles because my videos are like a reality show. If I post a video, it was filmed either today or yesterday. There is just no time to make subtitles.
You know, there are many things I don’t like in Crossfit. I talk about them. The more popular you are, the more people listen to you. For example, these Level 1 seminars that make you a coach in 2 days. 2 days!!! In just 2 days you learn gymnastics, rowing, weightlifting, and everything else.
Just like this program “On Par”. I created it and someone can just copy me, or improve and make it better and get better audience. There are many issues here. You could film it in different locations, add videos about athletes, their photos, put in more video editing. I know how to make it perfect; I just don’t have time because I am doing it myself.
Many will say that I am an egoistic moron. I already know what they will write in comments. However, I don’t care. We will see in 2-3 years. I will be laughing at people who hate Crossfit now. Because in 3 years my goal is to make Crossfit popular in Russia. And it will make weightlifting more popular. You can go into any Crossfit gym and do your Snatches, Cleans, and Jerks. Nobody would let you do them in a commercial gym. Stop hating.
Last july I understood I should treat myself as a show business person. I brought myself to sponsors. You need to do that, or nobody will ever know you exist. Our first Polovnikov-Ilyin-Klokov Videos were written before we shot them. The jokes we told were scripted beforehand tried to make them as entertaining as we could.
There are more crossfit viewers than weightlifting viewers. I don’t really care. Obviously some weightlifters can lose interest. But there is time for everything. We are making a e-book about how to train, how to eat etc. It will be in English. I can give a lot of information, but I won’t give it for free. I can make a free seminar, but guess what, I don’t want to spend my weekends on free seminars, and people don’t come to seminars on weekdays.
Nothing, I could do that from the beginning. Judo made me very flexible. I happened to touch the ground with my ass during the snatch.
“It’s not based on chronology. It’s based on having good test results that show it’s safe,” Gov. Rick Snyder said at a press conference. Water testing by experts earlier in the crisis was questioned by state regulators, who maintained Flint’s water was safe more than a year after lead contamination began. On Wednesday, the state’s new interim environmental quality director said no longer would his department ignore the work of outside experts. “We are on the same page, and we’ll make sure we’re on the same page,” said Director Keith Creagh. “There is no excuse...We’ll make sure the data is accurate, vetted, and transparent.” Officials gathered Wednesday to lay out short-term plans for addressing the lead contamination crisis as well as talk of their commitment for longer term fixes. Among the short-term actions would be continuing to supply bottled water and filters to residents, as well as asking the federal government to extend Medicaid eligibility to all children under the age of 21. Water testing would also continue, and a team of experts will be working with state and local officials to determine its safety.
Almost all the major world powers which possess nuclear weapons have signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which basically states that they won’t proliferate or distribute nuke technology to anybody else. However, I did say almost all. India , Pakistan and Israel are three states known to possess nuke technology, but who have not signed this treaty—and all for very, very different reasons too, which I won’t get into here. As you can imagine, this treaty is mostly to ensure that nobody is making nuke weapons, but nuke power technology is allowed by the NPT, which makes enforcement of it tricky…i.e. see IRAN in current events.
Well, US President George Bush thought of what to do a few years back: bend it a little. In an effort to strengthen US-Indian ties, Georgie has been working tirelessly (okay, someone who works for Georgie has been working tirelessly) to make India the exception to this NPT rule. The United States-India Peaceful Atomic Energy Cooperation Act of 2006 is the legal framework for a bilateral pact between the US and India under which the US will provide access to civilian nuclear tech stuff and access to nuke fuel in exchange for IAEA-safeguards on civilian Indian reactors.
And the Bush Administration? Holy shit! They were tickled pink! Not only would the US get to make tons of money on selling India nuke secrets and fuel, but US corporations were going to be getting a hefty share of building the nuke plants to boot! And the US really wants the growing Indian economy to produce its own fuel….thereby lessening its demand for world oil…lower Indian demand means more left over for us! At cheaper prices too! President Bush whipped up this agreement overnight, got it passed by Congress and signed it into law in a hot shit minute. The IAEA was working out the details, and all that was left to do was have the Indians formally sign the treaty. Let’s get this game on! Win-win-win baby!
Long story short, that is where our main man Manmohan Singh found himself over this Indian-US nuke deal. A main party named BJP declared that India ‘s entering this agreement with the US would compromise their national security by limiting their weapons program. Worse yet, a bunch of Commie/Marxist parties declared their boycott of the nuke deal on the grounds that it made India a subservient pawn to the ‘imperialist policies of the U.S.A. ’. Dudes, did anyone tell those Indian commies that the Cold War is over? Read the papers man!
The decision was reportedly made before Iran's presidential election, and came as the US approved a move to arm the Syrian opposition.
He says the UK has still made no decision on whether to supply weapons to the rebels.
It's important to note that Obama and Bush, his predecessor in the White House, are more in the public conscious than previous presidents, and that both have governed during a time of bitter partisanship that's made compromise between the two major political parties extremely difficult. When Quinnipiac last asked the question, in 2006, Bush topped the list, with 34% saying he was the nation's worst president.
Both of the above options have their pros and cons, and many ASP.NET developers have told us: “I wish I could have the ease of use of the ASP.NET Development Server, but still have all the power and features of IIS”. Today I’m happy to announce a new, free option that we are enabling – IIS Express - that combines the best characteristics of both, and which will make it easier to build and run ASP.NET sites and applications.
Visual Studio’s built-in ASP.NET Development Server (also known as “Cassini”) has the benefit of being light-weight and easy to quickly run. It doesn’t listen on remote ports (which makes it easier to get approved for many corporate security environments), works even when you are running under a non-administrator account, and doesn’t require a separate installation step.
IIS Express (like the ASP.NET Development Server) can be quickly launched to run a site from a directory on disk. It does not require any registration/configuration steps. This makes it really easy to launch and run for development scenarios.
In addition to supporting ASP.NET, IIS Express also supports Classic ASP and other file-types and extensions supported by IIS – which also makes it ideal for sites that combine a variety of different technologies.
We think IIS Express makes it even easier to build, run and test web applications. It works with all versions of ASP.NET and supports all ASP.NET application types (including obviously ASP.NET Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC applications). Best of all – you do not need to change any code to take advantage of it. You’ll be able to optionally use it with all your current projects today.
In fact, seen on Youtube (704,737 times for one posted version) and widely spread, it helped make Occupy Wall Street visible and sympathetic to mainstream viewers. The movement grew tremendously after that. The incident demonstrated the moral failure of the police and demonstrated that violence is also weak. It can injure, damage, destroy, kill, but it can’t coerce the will of the people, whether it’s a policeman assaulting unarmed young women or the US Army in Vietnam or Iraq.
The state would like us to be violent. Violence as cooptation tries to make us more like them, and if we’re like them they win twice—once because being unlike them is our goal and again because then we’re then easier to imprison, brutalize, marginalize, etc. We have another kind of power, though the term nonviolence only defines what it is not; some call our power people power. It works. It’s powerful. It’s changed and it’s changing the world.
In downtown Oakland, late on the evening of November 2 after a triumphant and mostly nonviolent day of mass actions, a building near Occupy Oakland’s encampment was seized, debris was piled up as if to make barricades that were only show barricades to set afire, not defend, trash cans were set on fire, windows broken, rocks thrown, and then there were altercations with the police. If the goal was to seize a building, one witness pointed out, then seize it secretly, not flamboyantly. The activity around the seizure seemed intended to bait the police into action. Which worked; police are not hard to bait. Activists and police were injured. What was achieved?
Another Occupy Oakland witness, a female street medic, wrote of the ill-conceived November 2 late-night antics, “watching black bloc-ers run from the cops and not protect the camp their actions had endangered, an action which ultimately left behind many mentally ill people, sick people, street kids, and homeless folks to defend themselves against the police onslaught was disturbing and disgusting in ways I can't even articulate because I am still so angry at the empty bravado and cowardice that I saw.” She adds, “I want those kids to be held accountable to the damage that they did, damage made possible by their class and race privilege.” And physical fitness; Occupy Oakland’s camp includes children, older people, wheelchair users and a lot of other people less ready to run.
One of the neatest things about the Wii and Wii U is the virtual console. However, the Wii U’s virtual console is nowhere near the standard the Wii one was – whereas the Wii had a bonafide library, the Wii U’s is bordering on anaemic. There are currently just 57 virtual console titles available as of the time of writing. However, that’s not to say there is nothing worth your time. Some of the best games of all time are already on it – Super Mario World, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Megaman X, Street Fighter 2 and Gradius all make an appearance. However, if you’re looking for something new, you’re unlikely to find it here. The selection at the moment is just passable – useful for those perhaps too young to have ever played these titles before, but for those that have played these a million times already, this isn’t going to draw you in.
It’s an app that lets you make pictures using the GamePad and stylus with a range of tools. That’s literally all there is to say, if you enjoy making pictures then this app does it as well as you can imagine featuring many kinds of brushes and colours to use, and works well enough. If you’re not, then this isn’t for you.
Kung Fu Rabbit often takes two steps forward, one step back. On one hand, the controls are absolutely tight, which is very important in any platformer, and the graphics are very HD and smooth. On the other hand, it’s light on content, and the menus lack text making it feel like an ipad game most of the time, which really lets it down. As you progress in the game you collect carrots which can be used for upgrades, and you face various obstacles which do add variety. A bit more of a push could have made this game great – and I really hope the development team gets to expand on this premise in a sequel.
Toki Tori 2 does what few games seem to be able to do – reinvent the core gameplay from its prequel, but keep intact what made people love it. Toki Tori 2 is a puzzle game at its heart, and you go through the world with your little yellow bird solving some pretty tough challenges with naught but a whistle and a ground stomp. Your limited abilities however are put to great use, moving blocks and pounding on blocks and pegs, attracting/repelling the creatures, and trying to many of these different things all at once. Somehow Toki Tori 2 manages to breakthrough the repetition that so many puzzle games suffer from and each puzzle genuinely manages to feel different each time – if you are a stickler for a puzzle game that will truly test you, buy this now!
It is rare for a game like this to be released as eShop only on the Wii U, however Tecmo Koei seem to have wanted this game to be played by as few people as possible, and rightly so. As a Dynasty Warriors fan myself, even I have to call this one lazy and repetitious. It tries nothing new, and instead of giving you large interesting maps filled with weird stories and elements like in the Warriors series, you are restricted to much smaller areas, far less enemy variety and a story mode that can’t even maintain a stable frame-rate. Warriors players are still waiting for a good entry in the series to be made on the Wii U – and this is no substitute.
A better version of the 3DS eShop title. Enhanced with HD visuals and remixed stages, this is the version of the game to pick-up. Great animation adds to the beautiful 2D action the game provides, and the tight controls make it wonderful to play. A must-have for 2D action game fans.
Games that are both truly unique, and relatively obscure almost never come along, however Little Inferno seems to occupy that space. Half sandbox half game, you are set in front of a fireplace and charged with well, burning things. Burning things gets you coins, which you can use to get more things to burn from the charming catalogue the game provides. It does have a light puzzle element, in the form of needing certain combos to unlock more catalogues to burn more things. The real fun in this game comes from the physics engine and the sheer amount of things to burn, and the light narrative the evolves over the few hours of gameplay make this a game experience that will burn itself into your mind, occupying a space in it unlikely to be challenged by anything else for a while to come.
Trine is an Indie series that has gained a polish that puts it up there with triple-A releases – and for good reason. The colourful graphics, the tight gameplay and the interesting, funny characters make it worthwhile – and this is one of the best editions, only slightly outshined by the resolution in the PS4 edition, however content-wise it’s exactly the same. For a Wii U owner looking to jump on the eShop bandwagon, this should be your first port of call.
One such reform would be to close the loopholes in the corporate tax system that make the burden of corporate taxes wildly different from one firm to another. Because of preferential treatment of foreign source income, accelerated depreciation, and other provisions of the tax code, some of the largest U.S. corporations (including General Electric, Boeing, Verizon, and Mattel, according to one report) pay no profits taxes at all, while others bear the maximum 35 percent rate. There are so many loopholes that the United States, with the highest corporate tax rates in the world, collects less profit tax revenue as a share of GDP than do many countries with lower marginal rates.
Currently, the U.S. corporate tax accounts for only 9 percent of federal tax revenues, compared with a post-World War II high of 30 percent. Eric Toder of the Tax Policy Center estimates that eliminating corporate tax preferences could potentially save $506 billion over five years and make it possible to reduce the top corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 23 percent without loss of revenue.
Another reform that would be even more effective would be to tax dividends and capital gains as ordinary income. That would make it possible to reduce the corporate tax rates even further. Ideally, reforms would end the double taxation of corporate profits altogether.
It claims there is a fear within the SAS of a lowering of standards, and quotes a former officer who says there is a feeling that selection is being made "softer and easier".
The use of snake oil long predates the 18th and 19th centuries in China and the Eastern world, where oil made from fat extracted from the Chinese water snake (Enhydris chinensis) is a traditional liniment used for treating joint pain. Chinese water-snake oil contains 20 percent eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), which has strong analgetic[citation needed] and anti-inflammatory properties.[2][3]
“I’m trying to eliminate discrimination against atheists,” said the 83-year-old Appignani in an interview with the NY Times. “So this is a step in that direction, to make atheism legitimate.”
Mr. Appignani said he rejected a last-minute proposal from a dean to call it a chair in “philosophical naturalism.” Instead, he and the university leaders worked out the title, broadening the scope by including humanism and secular ethics. Mr. Appignani was raised a Roman Catholic in the Bronx by Italian immigrant parents. His father was a clothing presser in the garment district. He attended Catholic schools and said he became a nonbeliever at the City College of New York when he discovered the work of Bertrand Russell, the British philosopher and Nobel Prize winner. With the money he made from the Barbizon school, he said, he created the foundation that has given grants to groups like the American Humanist Association and the Secular Coalition for America, and the Appignani Humanist Legal Center.
“The silence of the U.N. towards this dangerous escalation and mass extermination against the Yemeni people ... makes it a partner in the aggression,” Saleh al-Samad, the chief of a new Houthi-backed political council, told state news agency Saba.
The pope said nothing about Law’s death during his weekly general audience Wednesday, and in a condolence letter he made no direct mention of the cardinal’s tenure in Boston.
In a recent op-ed piece titled “When Liberals Blew It," New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof—himself an outspoken progressive, especially on women’s and girls’ issues worldwide—wrote of the among liberals generated by a report written for the Department of Labor by Daniel Patrick Moynihan in 1965. In this report (which became famous), Moynihan stated that a major impediment to black advancement in America was the breakdown of the family. Kristof wrote, “He argued presciently and powerfully that the rise of single-parent households would make poverty more intractable.”
One day last year at my local bakery, a great meeting spot in my very interesting and progressive college town, I was reading Hanna Rosin’s book The End of Men: And the Rise of Women. A feminist saw me reading it, and I said, “As the grandfather of (then) three boys, this book makes me concerned.”
Five years ago I wrote that I couldn’t “see myself joining people with whom I disagree sharply on almost all other social issues, so I can't see somehow becoming a conservative to help my sons, my grandsons, and young males across the country. But I can't stand feeling so alone either; so all I can do is urge my fellow liberals to make this part of their agenda too. Maybe boys haven't been the victims of laws and obvious -isms, but, as a group, they have been the victims of, at very least, neglect, and they need help from across the political spectrum.”
Is there anything in this for today’s young women? Absolutely. A plethora of undereducated and underachieving young men will not make for a happy future for any of us. As Nicholas Kristof himself wrote in a New York Times op-ed piece in 2010, titled “The Boys Have Fallen Behind," “At a time when men are still hugely overrepresented in Congress, on executive boards, and in the corridors of power, does it matter that boys are struggling in schools? Of course it does: our future depends on making the best use of human capital we can, whether it belongs to girls or boys.”
"I also think it makes it very difficult for social landlords who have to pass on that cost to the remaining tenants.
Places where it’s easy and attractive to walk and roll have small blocks with lots of connections between them. The tighter the grid, the thinking goes, the better walkability a place has. As city blocks become “superblocks,” human-powered trip times increase, which makes walking and biking less attractive.
If the easement is approved it would make bicycle connections to and from SW Madison more difficult and inconvenient. Madison is a major city bikeway east of the museum because of its relatively low-volume traffic and direct connection to the Hawthorne Bridge — the most heavily used bike route across the Willamette River with a peak-season daily average of over 6,000 trips. SW Columbia has no bike lanes and isn’t considered a bike-friendly street. Salmon would be comparable, but it would mean a four-block detour.
BikePortland is supported by the community (that means you!). Please become a subscriber or make a donation today.
"If the vehicle detection system fails to recognize the vehicle and the driver has come to a complete stop, the driver must then make sure it is safe to continue, and only then would they be able to lawfully proceed with caution through the intersection," Bloom said in a statement.
Artman eventually called the boyfriend to say that her abductors had dropped her near her home. He drove her to a hospital, where she told police of the fabricated kidnapping. She later admitted that she had made the entire story up.
For Plant-Smart Living, we have look at a number of vegan Olympians from the past, and I can’t help but avoid looking at this upcoming Olympic sporting event without thinking about the possibility of someone or some organization promoting a plant-based message. After all, it makes a lot of sense to me quite simply because of how it has positively impacted my own life; and based on the reactions from vegan performers, can be considered a perfect source of fuel.
Corporate sponsorship of the Olympics is not a new thing, and I certainly do not have any problems with this per say. After all, the Olympics are extremely expensive to put on for a city, so it only makes sense to try and make some money in the process.
By putting pen to paper and signing a contract with Milk Life, the United States Olympic Committee has made a decision that impacts all US athletes whether they are vegan, vegetarian, or otherwise. Given the minority status of vegans in the United States, it probably is not an issue that matters to the majority of people; and moreover is probably not even showing up on anyone’s radar as a potential problem.
"But when Mayors Against (Illegal) Guns had decided to dive in and make this a political issue, which they have since the beginning, we decided to dive in," he said.
Armaholic.com has its own Youtube channel where we will cover the Community made releases.
Subscribe to the Armaholic.com Youtube channel Armaholic.com has its own Youtube channel where we will cover the Community made releases.
Canadian taxpayers spent $172,500 for consultations on a controversial war memorial ordered by the Harper government and cancelled by the Trudeau government — consultations that will never be made public.
“In light of the fact that comments made by the public were made specifically to provide input on the environmental assessment process, Parks Canada will not be posting those comments,” says a Park Canada statement.
“Barring exceptional circumstances, the results of these types of consultations should be made public since it is the only way Canadians can have any confidence their money is being spent effectively,” wrote Wudrick in an email.
Perhaps, but it didn’t matter. The emperor’s meaning was clear. It was not acceptable that the army should make so great a sacrifice while the navy’s ships remained clear of the battle for Okinawa. With a single question, the fate of Japan’s greatest warship—and the Imperial Japanese Navy—had been decided.
The trick was in knowing where the enemy fleet was headed and what its objective was. Admiral Deyo’s 6 battleships, 7 cruisers, and 21 destroyers were already headed north to intercept the Japanese force. Mitscher acted on a hunch that the Yamato was feinting northwestward. If he was right, the Japanese would soon make a hard turn south toward Okinawa. He signaled his carrier task groups to prepare for action.
The operation was supposed to be a coordinated strike, with Task Force 58’s task groups supporting each other. The tactic had been used and refined since the first air battles of the South Pacific. In successive waves, strike groups from each carrier would bear down on the Japanese task force. The fighters were supposed to go first, strafing, rocketing, dropping light ordnance, distracting the enemy gunners while the SB2C Helldivers plunged almost straight down with their heavy bombs. They would be closely followed by the TBM Avenger torpedo planes, which needed all the distraction and diversion they could get when they made their dangerous low altitude runs straight at the enemy ships.
As each group arrived over the target, the planes had to jockey for position in the narrow band of sky between the ocean and the lowest deck of clouds at about 1,500 feet. The risk of a midair collision was almost as great as the chance of being hit by the enemy. SB2C Helldivers plummeted through any hole they could find in the overcast, sometimes sharing the space with other planes. Some lost sight of their targets in the clouds, then had to make frantic corrections as they broke clear. Radio discipline had vanished, the tactical frequency was a bedlam of excited chatter, pilots yelling out target locations, calling bomb hits, reporting planes going down.
Throughout history, suicide has evoked an astonishingly wide range of reactions—bafflement, dismissal, heroic glorification, sympathy, anger, moral or religious condemnation—but it is never uncontroversial. Suicide is now an object of multidisciplinary scientific study, with sociology, anthropology, psychology, and psychiatry each providing important insights into suicide. Particularly promising are the significant advances being made in our scientific understanding of the neurological and genetic bases of suicidal behavior (Stoff and Mann 1997, Jamison 2000, Joiner 2010, 228–236) and the mental conditions associated with it. Nonetheless, many of the most controversial questions surrounding suicide are philosophical. For philosophers, suicide raises a host of conceptual, moral, and psychological questions. Among these questions are: What makes a person’s behavior suicidal? What motivates such behavior? Is suicide morally permissible, or even morally required in some extraordinary circumstances? Is suicidal behavior rational? This article will examine the main currents of historical and contemporary Western philosophical thought surrounding these questions.
A person S’s behavior B is suicidal iff S believed that B, or some causal consequence of B, would make her death at least highly likely, and S intended to die by engaging in B.
Condition (a) is a doxastic condition. It is meant to show that deaths (or increased risks for death) resulting from an individual’s act that causes death (or the risk thereof) are not suicides if the individual acts in ignorance of the relevant risks of her behavior (for example, when an individual accidentally takes a lethal dose of a prescription drug). At the same time, (a) accounts for cases such as the aforementioned terminally ill patient whose death is caused only indirectly by her request to die. Condition (a) does not require that S know that B will put her at a significantly greater risk for death, nor even that S’s beliefs about B’s lethality be true or even justified. Suicidal individuals sometimes have false beliefs about the lethality of their chosen suicide methods, greatly overestimating the lethality of over the counter painkillers while underestimating the lethality of handguns, for instance. An individual could believe falsely, or on the basis of inadequate evidence, that placing one’s head in an electric oven significantly increases one’s chances of dying, but that behavior is nonetheless suicidal. The demand that S believe that B makes death highly likely is admittedly inexact, but it permits us to navigate between two extreme and mistaken views. On the one hand, it implies that behavior which is in fact only marginally more likely to cause a person’s death is not suicidal (you are more likely to die driving your car than in your living room, but driving your car hardly qualifies as ‘suicidal’). On the other hand, to demand that S believe that B certainly or almost certainly will cause S’s death is too strict, since it will rarely be the case (given the possibility of intervening conditions, etc.) that B will necessarily cause S’s death, and in fact many suicidal individuals are ambivalent about their actions (Cholbi 2011, 31–35), an ambivalence which is in turn reflected in their selecting suicide methods that are far from certain to cause death. It also allows us to distinguish genuinely suicidal behavior from suicidal gestures, in which individuals engage in behavior they believe is not likely to cause their death but is nonetheless associated with suicide attempts, while in fact having some other intention (e.g., gaining others’ sympathy) in mind.
Yet again, both the concept of coercion and its applicability to instances of risky or self-harming behavior is unclear. Typically, coercion denotes interference by others. So, according to condition (c), a spy threatened with torture lest he relinquish crucial military secrets who then poisons himself did not die by suicide, some would contend, since the spy’s captors compelled him to take his life. However, one can imagine a similar situation in which the agent of “coercion” is not another person. An extremely ill patient may opt to take his own life rather than face a future fraught with physical pain. But why should we not say that this patient was ‘coerced’ by his situation and therefore did not die by suicide? Because of their desires, loyalties, and values, both the spy and the ill patient saw themselves as having no other alternative, given their ends, but to cause their own deaths. In both instances, what the individual has reason to do was modified by circumstances outside their control so as to make death a rational option where it previously was not. Thus, there does not appear to be grounds for restricting coercion only to interference by other people, since factual circumstances can be similarly coercive. Either any factor, natural, human, or otherwise, that influences an individual’s reasoning so as to make death the most rational option counts as coercion, at which point condition (c) hardly functions as a restriction at all, or cases such as the spy facing torture are suicides too and (c) is unnecessary. (See Tolhurst 1983, 113–115.) Nor is it obvious that coercion necessarily changes the nature of a coerced act. A person coerced into singing is nevertheless singing. Hence, an act that is otherwise suicidal remains suicidal even if it is coerced (Paterson 2003).
The rediscovery of numerous texts of classical antiquity was one of the spurs of the Renaissance, but for the most part, Renaissance intellectuals generally affirmed the Church’s opposition to suicide and were not sympathetic to the more permissive attitudes toward suicide found among the ancient pagans. Two intriguing sixteenth century exceptions were Thomas More and Michel de Montaigne. In his Utopia, More appears to recommend voluntary suicide for those suffering from painful and incurable diseases, though the satirical and fantastical tone of that work makes it doubtful that More supported this proposal in reality. In his Essais, Montaigne relates several anecdotes of individuals taking their own lives and intersperses these anecdotes with quotations from Roman writers praising suicide. While his general skepticism prevented Montaigne from staking out a firm moral position on suicide, he gives only a nod to the orthodox Christian position and conceptualizes the issue not in traditional theological terms but as a matter of personal judgment or conscience (Minois 1999, 89–92).
Finally, Hume rejects the thesis that suicide violates our duties to self. Sickness, old age, and other misfortunes can make life sufficiently miserable that continued existence is worse than death. As to worries that people are likely to attempt to take their lives capriciously, Hume replies that our natural fear of death ensures that only after careful deliberation and assessment of our future prospects will we have the courage and clarity of mind to kill ourselves.
The nineteenth and early twentieth centuries brought several developments that, while not explicitly philosophical, have shaped philosophical thought about suicide. The first was the emergence, in novels by Rousseau, Goethe, and Flaubert, of a Romantic idealized ‘script’ for suicide, according to which suicide was the inevitable response of a misunderstood and anguished soul jilted by love or shunned by society (Lieberman 2003). The second was the emergence of psychiatry as an autonomous discipline, populated by experts capable of diagnosing and treating melancholy, hysteria and other ailments responsible for suicide. Lastly, largely thanks to the work of sociologists such as Durkheim and Laplace, suicide was increasingly viewed as a social ill reflecting widespread alienation, anomie, and other attitudinal byproducts of modernity. In many European nations, the rise in suicide rates was thought to signal a cultural decline. These latter two developments made suicide prevention a bureaucratic and medical preoccupation, leading to a wave of institutionalization for suicidal persons. All three conspired to suggest that suicide is caused by impersonal social or psychological forces rather than by the agency of individuals.
A popular basis supporting a right to suicide is the idea that we own our bodies and hence are morally permitted to dispose of them as we wish. (Recall from section 3.3 that some religious arguments for the impermissibility of suicide depend on God’s ownership of our bodies.) On this view, our relationship to our bodies is like that of our relationship to other items over which we enjoy property rights: Just as our having a right to a wristwatch permits us to use, improve, and dispose of it as we wish, so too does our having a right to our bodies permit us to dispose of them as we see fit. Consequently, since property rights are exclusive (i.e., our having property rights to a thing prohibits others from interfering with it), others may not interfere with our efforts to end our lives. The notion of self-ownership invoked in this argument is quite murky though. What enables us to own ordinary material items is their metaphysical distinctness from us (Cholbi 2011, 84–86). We can own a wristwatch only because it is distinct from us. Materialist philosophers, who hold that we are identical to our bodies, would deny that our bodies are distinct from ourselves, and even under the most dualistic views of human nature, our selves are sufficiently dependent upon our bodies to make ownership of the body by the self an implausible notion. Indeed, the fact that certain ways of treating ordinary property are not available to us as ways of treating our bodies (we cannot give away or sell our bodies in any literal sense) suggests that self-ownership may be only a metaphor meant to capture a deeper moral relationship (Kluge 1975, 119). In addition, uses of one’s property, including its destruction, can be harmful to others. Thus, in cases where suicide may harm others, we may be morally required to refrain from suicide. (See section 3.5 for arguments concerning duties to others.)
This position is open to at least two objections. First, it does not seem to follow from having a right to life that a person has a right to death, i.e., a right to take her own life. Because others are morally prohibited from killing me, it does not follow that I am permitted to kill me. This conclusion is made stronger if the right to life is inalienable, since in order for me to kill myself, I must first renounce my inalienable right to life, which I cannot do (Feinberg 1978). It is at least possible that no one has the right to determine the circumstances of a person’s death! Furthermore, as with the property-based argument, the right to self-determination is presumably circumscribed by the possibility of harm to others.
A modification of this argument claims that suicide violates a person’s duty of reciprocity to society (Cholbi 2011, 60–62). On this view, an individual and the society in which she lives stand in a reciprocal relationship such that in exchange for the goods the society has provided to the individual, the individual must continue to live in order to provide her society with the goods that relationship demands. Yet in envisioning the relationship between society and the individual as quasi-contractual in nature, the reciprocity argument reveals its principal flaw: The conditions of this “contract” may not be met, and also, once met, impose no further obligations upon the parties. As Baron d’Holbach (1970, 136–137) pointed out, the contract between an individual and her society is a conditional one, presupposing “mutual advantages between the contracting parties.” Hence, if a society fails to fulfill its obligations under the contract, namely to provide individuals with the goods needed for a decent quality of life, then the individual is not morally required to live in order to reciprocate an arrangement that society has already reneged on. Moreover, once an individual has discharged her obligations under this societal contract, she no longer is under an obligation to continue her life. Hence, the aged or others who have already made substantial contributions to societal welfare would be morally permitted to engage in suicide under this argument.
For the most part, suicidal individuals do not manifest signs of systemic irrationality, much less the signs of legally definable insanity, (Radden 1982) and engage in suicidal conduct voluntarily. However, these facts are consistent with the choice to engage in suicidal behavior being irrational, and serious questions can be raised about just how often the conditions for rational suicide are met in actual cases of self-inflicted death. Indeed, the possibility of rational suicide requires that certain assumptions about suicidal individuals’ rational autonomy be true which may not be in many cases. A person’s choice to undertake suicidal behavior may not be a reflection of her considered interests and her self-inflicted death could be an act that she would, in calmer and clearer moments, recoil at. In other words, even if there is a right to suicide rooted in the value of rational autonomy, it seems to imply a right to suicide only when one makes that determination on minimally rational grounds, and there are numerous factors that may compromise a person’s rational autonomy and hence make the decision to engage in suicidal behavior not a reflection of one’s considered values or aims. Some of these factors cognitively distort agents’ deliberation about whether to engage in suicide. Though many suicidal persons engage in extensive planning for their own deaths, the final determination to end one’s life is often impulsive, reflecting the intense psychological vulnerability of suicidal persons and their proclivity toward volatility and agitation (Cholbi 2002, Joiner 2010, 70–84). Suicidal persons can also have difficulty fully acknowledging the finality of their death, believing that (assuming there is no afterlife) they will somehow continue to be subjects of conscious experience after they die.
As mentioned in section 3.6, the impulse toward suicide is often sporadic, ambivalent, and influenced by mental illnesses such as depression, all indicators that suicide may be undertaken with less than full rationality. And while individuals usually have the right to make bad or irrational decisions on their own behalf, these indicators, when juxtaposed with the stakes of the decision to end one’s life (that death is irreversible, that continued life is a condition of all other goods, etc.), justify intervention in others’ suicidal plans on the ‘soft’ paternalist grounds that suicide is not in the individual’s interests as they would rationally conceive those interests. We might call this the ‘no regrets’ or ‘err on the side of life’ approach to suicide intervention (Martin 1980; Pabst Battin 1996, 141; Cholbi 2002). Since most situations in which another person intends to kill herself will be ones where we are unsure of whether she is rationally choosing to die, it is better to temporarily prevent “an informed person who is in control of himself from committing suicide” than to do “nothing while, say, a confused person kills himself, especially since, in all likelihood, the would-be suicide could make another attempt if this one were prevented and since the suicidal option is irreversible if successful” (Cosculluela 1994, 40). Further psychiatric or medical examinations may settle the matter regarding the rationality of the suicidal individual’s decision. The coerciveness of the measures used should be proportional to the apparent seriousness of the suicidal person’s intention to die (Cholbi 2011, 122–129).
Suicide also raises other normative questions that are not obviously moral, such as how suicide may contribute to or detract from the meaningfulness of an individual’s life. For the twentieth century existentialists, suicide was not a choice to be made mainly by appeal to moral considerations but by analyzing whether suicide is an appropriate response to the absurdity or meaninglessness of the world and of human endeavor. Albert Camus illustrated this absurdity in his philosophical essay The Myth of Sisyphus. For Camus, Sisyphus heroically does not try to escape his absurd task of endlessly and futilely pushing a rock up a mountain, but instead perseveres and in so doing resists the lure of suicide. Suicide, Camus contends, tempts us with the promise of an illusory freedom from the absurdity of our existence, but is in the end an abdication of our responsibility to confront or defy that absurdity head on (Campbell and Collinson 1988, 61–70). Jean-Paul Sartre was likewise struck by the possibility of suicide as an assertion of authentic human will in the face of absurdity. Suicide represents, according to Sartre, an opportunity to stake out our understanding of our essence as individuals in a godless world. Questions of whether a life saturated with pain or suffering can be meaningful have also played a part in recent debates about the justification of assisted suicide (Little 1999, Varelius 2013).
Eventually, I started caring for Khloe better. I took him for walks - when I realized how happy it made him to get out, it encouraged me to get out more. We took bike rides together, and long walks, and even started going to the dog park. I started training him - he learned to stay and roll over and speak and jump and crawl under things on command, we even started getting compliments at the store on how well behaved he was. Khloe was so happy - and along the way, this was helping me to feel better … I learned to cope with depression better because of him. I don't know if I'd still be here if it weren't for him.
He had a special brand of balls that he loved. At the dog park, he'd carry one around and make sure everyone knew it was his … He didn't like to let anyone throw it for him. If he had his ball when someone would hug me or get too close, he'd still get mad, but he wouldn't bark - just chew the ball really hard and stare.
He loved to run. Anywhere he could be off leash was paradise for him. The first time he went to the family cabin, he ran around so much he made me scared that he was going to take off and not come back! I came to find out that he'd never go far, though. Even when we came across deer in the woods that he wanted to chase, he wouldn't leave me.
You made me laugh and smile.
Khloe became sick in October, 2011 - he went off his food suddenly (still eating treats and we could get him to eat with yogurt or wet food mixed in his kibble) and started drinking excessively. He had a blood test and urinalysis done at the vet, which came back showing that he was hypercalcemic,no other problems. We went home with a diuretic and a steroid to help flush the excess calcium from his system. He did well on those - they made him SO hungry though - poor guy never stole food off the table until he was on those medications.
His last couple of days he was so exhausted, but he couldn't seem to get comfortable... You could hear him cry very softly as he breathed. The vet finally got back to me about his test results. His parathyroid levels were normal, which left the only other cause to cancer. She said we could pursue it and try to find the cancer (we had absolutely no idea where it was or anything like that) ... I don't think he was strong enough, even if we were to find the cancer, to undergo treatments or surgery at that point. He was shutting down. He had lost weight, the muscles on his shoulders were sunken in ... Being at the vet made him miserable anyway - his poor nose was rubbed raw from his stay at the emergency vet and I was told he wouldn't stop barking. I felt that would be cruel to put him through that. I couldn't let him suffer any more.
Writing in The Nation last month, Juan Cole argued that just as Flint’s residents “had their access to a basic staple like clean water denied by decisions made by bureaucrats they did not elect, so the Palestinians of Gaza lack the basic rights of citizenship.”
In the lawsuit, Jami Cantor, who worked at NFL Network for a decade, claims that McNabb made sexually inappropriate comments to her in text messages, asking repeatedly about a specific sex act.
it's not that I have rendering problems with gnome3 (although I do have those too), it's that the user experience of Gnome3 even without rendering problems is unacceptable. Why can't I have shortcuts on my desktop? Why can't I have the expose functionality? Wobbly windows? Why does anybody sane think that it's a good idea to have that "go to the crazy 'activities'" menu mode? I used to be upset when gnome developers decided it was "too complicated" for the user to remap some mouse buttons. In gnome3, the developers have apparently decided that it's "too complicated" to actually do real work on your desktop, and have decided to make it really annoying to do. Here's an example of "the crazy": you want a new terminal window. So you go to "activities" and press the "terminal" thing that you've made part of your normal desktop thing (but why can't I just have it on the desktop, instead of in that insane "activities" mode?). What happens? Nothing. It brings your existing terminal to the forefront. That's just crazy crap. Now I need to use Shift-Control-N in an old terminal to bring up a new one. Yeah, that's a real user experience improvement. Sure. I'm sure there are other ways, but that's just an example of the kind of "head up the arse" behavior of gnome3. Seriously. I have been asking other developers about gnome3, they all think it's crazy. I'm using Xfce [a lightweight Unix/Linux desktop). I think it's a step down from gnome2, but it's a huge step up from gnome3. Really.
When a friend gave me her newborn baby to hold, my only thought was when it was acceptable to hand it back and go out and have a cigarette. I wasn't what they nauseatingly call "broody". So when I met my new partner, having children was not a consideration. We were too busy having sex. Unfortunately, she became pregnant. Condoms are so annoying. She was pretty erratic about taking the pill. How ironic that phrase "family planning" sounds now. Not for us the happy tears when the blue line appeared on the testing kit. Instead, I hoped she would have a termination; previous girlfriends had. She didn't want to, so I had to make the best of it.
Unfortunately for fans, however, a combination of factors are conspiring to make attending the first-ever AFLW game something of a roll of the dice.
Ballmer, speaking at the Gartner Symposium ITXpo, most likely made one of his final appearances before its core enterprise customers. The CIOs in attendance were all Microsoft customers in some form.
As for other platforms, Ballmer said Microsoft has made Office and terminal services to the iPad. Lync and OneNote are native. Outlook may make sense, but hard to believe Apple will let us make that available, he said. Word and Office are optimized for keyboard and mice. "iPad will be picked up when there's a touch first user interface. That's in progress for Office," said Ballmer.
Have we completely redone the way people conduct themselves through digital techniques? Ballmer pointed out that the Gartner analysts had notebooks and pens. Paper is failsafe and prove that Microsoft can still add value. "Think about the way we conduct everyday tasks," said Ballmer. "We see a range of activities driven by software activities...that make us stronger."
Pen systems. "I believe in the power of the pen," said Ballmer. "I think a lot of systems will have a stylus built in. We're going to go all in." Microsoft's approach will be to make the big all-in bets and then give it to the ecosystem.
There's no disconnect between designing for consumer and enterprise. "People are people," said Ballmer. "They are people in their work and personal personas. Consumers want to have an integrated life." The biggest consumer businesses are Google, Apple and Microsoft, noted Ballmer. There are connections everywhere. For example, Microsoft needs to make Lync and Skype more interoperable to bridge both communication tools.
Licensing. "What we've learned about licensing is the best thing we can do to make it simpler is not changing it," said Ballmer. About 10 years ago, Ballmer said Microsoft changed licensing and "we made every customer mad." Licensing changes cause more upheaval than wanting to simplify. "What we're doing is looking forward as we add SaaS and cloud options that we're not making things more complicated," said Ballmer.
What makes a great CIO? "It takes two things. One I do believe CIOs need to understand technology and feel comfortable. On the flip side, all CIOs need to understand the culture, go-to-market processes and the business processes. A lot of CIOs feel divorced from the business of the business," he said.
Best places for tech to make a difference. Ballmer said education, healthcare and communication and making the world feel smaller via real-time translation software and other tools.
The mainstream music and movie industries have their own preferred techniques to make life difficult for cyberlocker services. From the wholesale destruction method employed against Megaupload, to the more subtle inclusion of sites such as RapidShare in government-directed reports, there are a number of strategies employed to put sites under pressure.
“Not content with merely hosting child porn, many file locker sites also host bestiality,” King explained at the start of his campaign. “Our friends at PayPal make money from each premium sale of this material to people who download it.”
“If this is how you want to destroy our legal business you are wrong,” the company told King. “We do not allow any kind of illegal material, and if you have uploaded illegal material to NitroBits, and reported it to PayPal I will make sure I will take you to the European Supreme Court!”
He also wants an investigation of kickbacks Bautista may have received from the alleged payment of excessive billings made to law firms connected to him.
Workers and traders crossing the world’s most heavily militarized border made sure they had U.S. dollar bills for the trip, some borrowing from a co-worker so they had enough of the zone’s officially accepted currency.
The North-South military hotline was used on a daily basis to process South Koreans and vehicles across the border and in and out of the Kaesong project, where 123 South Korean firms employ more than 50,000 North Koreans to make household goods.
If you’re reading this and you’re not already affiliated with a fraternity or sorority, please know that you’ve probably made the right decision. While I’d be lying if I didn’t admit that the fraternity experience has done wonders for me, I want you to know what you’d be getting yourself into. The years of bickering and arguing about the importance of “traditions.” The mandatory events and meetings conveniently scheduled to overtake half of your week. The expenses that somehow seem to rise exponentially each semester. Seriously, if these things sound daunting to you then you shouldn’t join a fraternity or sorority.
Sure, you could make lifelong friends. But is it worth the effort? You’d have to actually take out your earbuds, stop snapchatting your high school friends, and put your phone away to engage in a good conversation with a fraternity man or sorority woman. That is probably too hard for you. It is so much easier to blend into the crowd, have one or two buddies you’ll meet in your residence hall, and throw back some Natty Light with them until graduation. There’s really no need to step outside of your comfort zone, meet new and diverse people, and bond over shared values and beliefs. You’d be much better off staying out of the Greek system, sticking with your old friends and old habits.
What solution am I talking about? I’m not talking about values congruence, which is a term we’ve coined to describe an expectation that today’s college students sit around and discuss ways to make values statements from the 1800s applicable today. Instead, I’m talking about just being a decent and responsible adult and student. That means wanting to build new friendships and striving to be the brightest student in the classroom. It also means wanting to challenge yourself to be a better leader on campus and in your community. This is a lifestyle your fraternity or sorority expects you to adopt for more than just the four or five years you’re in college. We want you to be a change agent. We want you to redefine the way the world views North American college fraternities and sororities. Can’t commit? Then I wish you luck. I don’t want you to join a fraternity.
Millions of dollars have also come from other sources, individuals who donate substantially to these projects, wealthy Israelis connected to or living in the Occupied Territories, and sadly, much money has come via political donations that are made to candidates who take up a particular anti-Muslim platform.
Islamophobia in America is a real problem. Polls show that today, nearly half of all Americans report that Muslims make them feel ‘uncomfortable’. Mosque burnings, assaults, Congressional witch-hunts and hearings, racial and ethnic profiling, illegal surveillance programmes - all of these things are evidence of a social cancer that is festering within our society.
When SCP-1789 communicates, any demands it makes have anomalous compulsory properties. This compulsion is weak and can be resisted with extremely minor concentration. Common demands include:
Clean Status Bar is an app I created in September 2014 to try and make taking nice screenshots for the Google Play Store easy and fast. Ugly screenshots are a distraction from the app you’re trying to show off, and have become somewhat of a pet peeve of mine. When I’m looking at an app on the Play Store and wondering whether it’s worth downloading or not, the first thing I look at is the screenshots. Why wouldn’t you show your app off at its best?
Incidentally, there don’t seem to be any guidelines around what the time should be on Android screenshots, unlike on iOS where the convention is 9:41. Personally I still like 12:00, but for some brands/apps it can makes sense to be something else.
I have no idea why it’s so well downloaded by non-developers — perhaps there is a real need for a customisable status bar? Perhaps I should have given it a different name, to focus less on the status bar but more on its usage for taking screenshots? I did try a number of things, but nothing seemed to make much difference.
Dark DDoS attacks will often be just severe enough to knock out a target’s network visibility, Shoemaker explained. “A lot of times, the overwhelming traffic on the network equipment will make it so that of the tools that detect the other bad behaviour might not work as effectively, or at all,” he said. “Sometimes those devices have thresholds where if there’s too much traffic they can’t handle it, so their default behaviour is to pass traffic through unfiltered.”
The attacker will also use the smokescreen to obscure their activities once inside the network, he explained. “The attacker doesn’t truly know what the exact imprint on the target environment is. They’re making a guess.” A criminal can make themselves conspicuous if they try to extract customer databases and other large pieces of intellectual property from a target’s network. A blanket of obfuscating traffic can help.
One of the most public examples of a dark DDoS attack was the October 2015 TalkTalk breach, in which the telecommunications company, in a confusing series of statements, claimed that attackers flooded the company’s website with traffic to render it unusable. This then made it more vulnerable to an attack that enabled criminals to steal customer data. A few months earlier in August, Carphone Warehouse lost the personal details of 2.4 million customers after attackers inundated it with traffic.
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
The politics of Illinois is not quite that simple. And the top contenders for the job have a tangled web of relationships with the people who will have a voice in Obama’s replacement, including Obama himself; Dick Durbin, the other Democratic senator from Illinois; Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, a Democrat, who officially will make the choice, and Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley, now in his sixth term, who has, to put it mildly, a certain amount of influence in the state.
Shahreen Haq was put through one such stressful event recently. She has a debit card from a reputed foreign bank and last week she got two text messages within 20 minutes notifying that her card was used to make purchases worth over Tk 62,000. She was at home at the time and had not used the card. A shocked Shahreen instantly got in touch with the bank and the police and managed to block the payment. Others were not so lucky.
One foreign bank recently received 40 reports of fraudulent charges made in one boutique shop in Gulshan. As the cards were swiped at the cash registers, customer data were secretly copied and stored to be used later to make fraudulent purchases.
Each time a user inserts an EMV chip card into a chip-enabled terminal, a unique security code is generated. This makes it extremely difficult for anyone to reuse the card information and card users are protected.
“A bank needs to develop its infrastructure including upgrade of software to make it EMV enabled. Card production system has to be changed to go for chip card,” said Shirin of DBBL.
Ziaul Karim, head of communications of Eastern Bank, said they have already started the project and 60 percent of their 4 lakh cards have been made EMV enabled.
Onlookers said Schumer was incensed that Hilary — the daughter of William S. Paley, the founder and chairman of CBS — had voted for Trump, even though her husband, Joseph, is a well-known Democrat. One witness said of the restaurant rant, “They are a highly respected couple, and Schumer made a scene, yelling, ‘She voted for Trump!’ The Califanos left the restaurant, but Schumer followed them outside.” On the sidewalk, Schumer carried on with his fantastical filibuster: “ ‘How could you vote for Trump? He’s a liar!’ He kept repeating, ‘He’s a liar!’ ”
Similarly, two monitoring stations located in high transportation areas that had consistently contributed to high API scores were dropped out of the tabulations in 2006. Had those stations not been dropped from the equation, Beijing would have had 38 fewer blue sky days in 2006 and 55 fewer last year, which would have made for total lower than that in 2002, Andrews says. He also noted that in 2006 and 2007, there was a concentration of days with API levels at or below the 100-point cut off, but few just above. That imbalance began after the city began setting targets for individual monitoring stations, he says.
He was a chubby dude the whole time the show was going on, but recently he’s lost a bunch of weight. Celebrities losing a lot of weight isn’t really a big story. Being famous means there’s a lot of pressure to look a certain way. If that’s what he wanted, if it makes him feel better, good for him. I’m all for body autonomy and what another person chooses to do with their body isn’t any of my business. However, it was brought to my attention that he posted this photo:
I also posted a comment on Adam’s Instagram about how the term was problematic, but it was ignored, so I made a post about Adam’s "DILLIGAF" comment on my personal Instagram, and asked my followers to "tell him that eating disorders are not a joke and nothing to take lightly." My followers did just that, but I didn’t for one second predict the vitriol that followed.
Here we describe new cranial material referable to R. sakalavae and consisting of an almost complete right premaxilla, the rostral half of a left dentary, a maxillary fragment with diagnostic teeth, and a very large isolated tooth crown. In addition, we tentatively refer to the same taxon five cranial fragments that were likely collected at the same locality. This new material greatly improves our knowledge on the cranial anatomy of this species, permitting us to: (1) clarify some previously uncertain features of the holotype due to its fragmentary nature; (2) make more in-depth anatomical comparisons with members of Crocodylomorpha and Theropoda, definitely ruling out it pertaining to the latter group; (3) test the phylogenetic relationships of the species and shed light on the evolutionary history and paleobiogeography of Notosuchia; (4) attempt a cranial reconstruction; and (5) confirm previous remarks on its paleobiology.
Maxillary fragment, MHNT.PAL.2012.6.3 (Figs. 5A–5D). This incomplete maxillary ramus has six incomplete, straight to slightly curved alveoli, as well as two tooth roots and at least one unerupted tooth. The curvature of the bone, the shape of the roots in lateral and medial views, and the position of the replacement tooth with respect to the alveoli indicate that this specimen is part of the right side of the skull. Moreover, the increasing curvature of the rostral portion of the specimen is suggestive of close proximity to the premaxillary contact, permitting us to designate the alveoli as belonging to teeth 1–6 or 2–7. Of note, the interior of the mesialmost tooth has been replaced by a cast made from a coarse-grained, pale-brownish calcite nodule of alabastrine appearance (F Pezzotta, pers. comm., 2016). Position 4 (or 5) still houses the fossilized root dentine of a slightly larger tooth and, mesiomedially, the tip of a replacement tooth protruding vertically down and exposing the large denticles that are diagnostic of R. sakalavae. A small portion of the lateral (external) maxillary wall is preserved caudodorsally to this tooth position, showing the rugose texture seen in the caudal portion of the premaxilla MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2. In rostral view, a triradiate-shaped broken section of the bone marks the remains of the maxillary bony palate, at mid-height of the preserved alveolar height. Dorsal to the shelf, the medial (internal) wall of the maxilla shows a wide concave surface, relatively smooth where the bone is not broken; ventral to the shelf, the bone of the palate is even smoother, with larger nutritive foramina, but is much more concave (this is the transition point from the palate to the dentigerous margin).
“It’s a very serious case,” said LeClair. “It’s concerning when something like this happens and we want to work to make sure that all the evidence is collected and processed properly.
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
Whenever the white man treats the Indian as they treat each other then we shall have no more wars. We shall be all alike—brothers of one father and mother, with one sky above us and one country around us and one government for all. Then the Great Spirit Chief who rules above will smile upon this land and send rain to wash out the bloody spots made by brothers' hands upon the face of the earth. For this time the Indian race is waiting and praying. I hope no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
The remarkable story of how we have come to privatize political corruption in this country reached another milestone today as the Supreme Court, John Roberts presiding, handed down its decision in McCutcheon v. FEC, effectively demolishing the aggregate, two-year limit on contributions by individuals, and taking a big chunk out of Buckley v. Valeo, the misbegotten 1976 decision that got the ball rolling in the first place. It was a 5-4 vote, with the court split exactly as it had in the Citizens United case. In writing the opinion for the court, Roberts further emphasized the equation of money with speech, and also seemed to agree with Anthony Kennedy's famous assertion in Citizens United that the ability of megadonors to shovel gobs of money into the election process,"We now conclude that independent expenditures, including those made by corporations, do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption." Roberts writes:
"Walking away from the Clean Power Plan and other climate initiatives... is not just irresponsible — it is irrational," Carper said. "With the world watching, President Trump and Administrator (Scott) Pruitt have chosen to shirk our responsibility, disregard clear science, and undo the significant progress our country has made to ensure we leave a better, more sustainable planet for generations to come."
After lunch, hit any of the cafe bars for a pour of local amaro, the Italian digestif that ranges in taste from bitter as truth to syrupy sweet depending on the blend of herbs and botanicals used. The locals will likely try to push genziana, a biting straw-colored digestif made from wild gentian root that settles the stomach but can be a bit potent for the uninitiated.
During the summer months, Abruzzo’s most populous city overflows with vacationing Italians who make good use of Pescara’s 10-mile-long Adriatic coastline. But even in the shoulder season, the salt-flecked city thumps with an energy that belies its 120,000 inhabitants, as throngs of shoppers and families stroll the old city's main artery in search of fashion deals and good eats.
Two of the Detroit area's top chefs — Mabel Gray's James Rigato and Bacco's Luciano DelSignore — recently staged a pop-up dinner at Marramiero Winery just outside the small town of Rosciano. The winery produces some excellent Montepulciano, Trebbiano and Pecorino wines, but also breaks from tradition. For its "Inferi" wine, Montepulciano is aged in French oak barrels for 14-18 months, as opposed to the more traditional "Incanto," which is aged in stainless steel tanks. Marramiero also offers a brilliant brut rose made from pinot noir that you can't find anywhere in the U.S.
For dinner, make a reservation at the Michelin-starred La Bandiera, a family-run culinary oasis tucked away deep into Pescara province's winding hillsides. (It's about a 25-minute drive from Marramiero.)
Lawmakers are expected to press Kushner about his attendance at a June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer who was presented as having damaging information on Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
Pink slime aside, does red meat really deserve such a bad name? Or is it what’s added to red meat that’s to blame? The Harvard study was not the first to suggest that red meat is bad for us, but it was the first to differentiate unprocessed and processed red meat and identify a relatively greater risk involved when eating a processed product than, say, pure, unadulterated steak. What makes processed meat worse? The study authors surmise it’s the additives and preservatives.
Why does processing make red meat worse for us? The study authors point to additives and preservatives as likely suspects for the “additional harm.”
“People forget they’re even there,” Whitty said. “That’s the thing. In some cases there will be resistance right in the very beginning. The community advisory committees will be set up and people will come once a month and then quarterly and then interest kind of drops off because, in fact, the housing just becomes integrated into the community.”Other groups have expressed support for the project, including an organization made up mostly of students from Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School, a block from the Marpole project.
Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Voting Rights Act is often called the crown jewel of the civil rights movement, yet many Americans do not know why or how it was passed. Pictured, NAACP Field Director Charles White speaks on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday, June 25, 2013, after the court limited use of a major part of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, in effect invalidating a key enforcement provision. Here are some key moments and characters in the voting rights saga. Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Three young civil rights workers were murdered in 1964 in Mississippi while trying to register black voters. The infamous murders showed that segregationists were willing to kill to keep African-Americans from voting. Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – John Lewis, a young activist who later became a congressman of Georgia, heads to a fateful encounter on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama during a 1965 march. Lewis was brutally assaulted by state troopers during the "Bloody Sunday" march that made voting rights a national issue. Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Marchers during the 1965 voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama gather for a rally on March 26, 1965, a few weeks after "Bloody Sunday." Black residents were beaten, fired from their jobs and imprisoned trying to vote. Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Viola Liuzzo, a Detroit housewife, was murdered while participating in the voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama, in 1965. Her death outraged the nation and helped spur passage of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Lyndon Johnson, pictured here discussing the act with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1965, went on national television to call for passage of the Voting Rights Act. He ended his speech by saying, "And we shall overcome." Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Rep. John Lewis speaks after bipartisan House and Senate officials met to voice support for reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act for an additional 25 years on May 2, 2006. From left, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and other officials listen during the media conference. Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President George W. Bush signs reauthorization of the act on July 27, 2006. From left, Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wisconsin, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tennessee, look on. Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Barack Obama marches with civil right veterans during a commemoration march in 2007. Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A conservative judge called the Voting Rights Act a racial entitlement but supporters of the act say it is the crowning victory of the civil rights movement. Pictured, people gather for a post-march rally after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the "Bloody Sunday" anniversary, March 4, 2012. Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law Executive Director Barbara Arnwine speaks during a news conference to voice opposition to state photo ID voter laws with the Rev. Jesse Jackson and members of Congress at the U.S. Capitol July 13, 2011. Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A supporter of the Voting Rights Act rallies in the South Carolina State House in Columbia on February 26, 2013, the day before oral hearings at the Supreme Court. Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Rev. Jesse Jackson, at the microphone, and the Rev. Al Sharpton, left, deliver remarks during a rally outside the U.S. Supreme Court on February 27, 2013, as the court prepared to hear oral arguments in Shelby County v. Holder, the legal challenge to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Supporters of the Voting Rights Act listen to speakers discussing the rulings outside the U.S. Supreme Court building on Tuesday, June 25, 2013. Hide Caption 14 of 14
In an advertisement published in The Herald, a community paper in Winnipeg, Concordia Hospital's board of directors said it had created a policy to ban medical assistance in dying after receiving input from the professional bodies and consulting with Concordia doctors and staff. The ad also includes a form to make financial donations to the hospital.
“Async programming models allow developers to ask all their questions at once. Developers then react to the answers as those answers are provided. The application is constantly adjusting to the information as it comes in. The user experiences a dynamic application that updates itself instead of being forced to wait an unbounded time for a perfect completed view,” said Naveed Ihsanullah of Mozilla’s platform engineering team, and partly because it’s going to make code more understandable.
“Asynchronous programming is very important for developing the best user experiences. Information is in many places and modern applications seek to seamlessly integrate all those disparate sources into one cohesive view. The instantly loaded and completed web page is all illusion, however. Behind the scenes, numerous requests for information are made on the user’s behalf. Some of these are answered quickly and some may take longer. Some may go unanswered altogether,” he said.
In many ways, this is JavaScript catching up with other languages, like C# which pioneered asynchronous programming, and the way asynchrony will work in JavaScript is very similar to how it’s handled in C#, Hejlsberg said. That makes code easier to read and to think about.
The problem is how complex the code structure becomes with a lot of callbacks, and how hard that makes it to work with, Hejlsberg said. “The logic often becomes more complex; what if you have to have conditional branching or you have to have the equivalent of a for loop but with async calls in middle of the loop? You can try to do that mapping yourself, where you have to lift your state into shared object or shared variables and maintain that, but you basically have to write a state machine yourself. State machines are something computers are very good at reasoning about and humans are horrible at reasoning about!”
That’s the best way to think about the new async/await feature, he suggests. “The places where you use the await operator to await an asynchronous piece of work, the compiler automatically makes a callback out of the rest of your code.”
“The big benefit is you get to write your code the way you always have. If you need an if statement, you write an if statement, if you need a for loop you write a for loop, and inside those you can say await and then have control return and then come back whenever the async work completes. People are very excited about that, because it makes your code look a lot cleaner and it’s a lot it’s easier to reason about your code.”
You still have refactoring to do. “When you make a function an async function, code that calls it gets a promise instead of a value, so you do need to change the calling code to async as well, and await the result.” But that’s far easier to do with async because the code itself is less complex. “You can even await non-promises. There are some APIs that return promises but sometimes if they know a value synchronously they just return it, so if you await the API result the right thing will happen.”
“With TypeScript 2.1 we switched to a new emitter; this is the backend of the compiler. It’s a tree writer that rewrites your syntax trees to make these new state machines and the other fancy stuff you have to make, so we now natively support rewriting async await to ECMAScript 3. And it’s not just doing the simple cases where you can only use await at the top level not in the middle of an initialise or for a property of an object literal — no, it’s an operator like any other, so just like you can say plus, you can say wait.”
Like a billiard player who nudges the balls and calmly studies the collisions during training, Francis is getting things rolling in the Vatican. His interest in experimentation may stem from his past as a chemical engineer. He makes decisions like Jesuit leaders -- after thorough consultation, but ultimately on his own.
On this particular morning, Gänswein is wearing cassocks made by Gammarelli, the Vatican's court tailor. He's also wearing shiny cufflinks and a massive golden cross around his neck. Described as the "George Clooney of the Vatican" by journalists, he doesn't think he should have to slip into prayer robes simply because of the sudden enthusiasm for modesty that has taken hold under Francis. "No," says Gänswein, who is open about the fact that he considers fellow clergymen, "not excluding" cardinals, to be cowards for recently exchanging their golden crosses for tin ones at Porta Sant'Anna, near the entry to the Vatican.
It makes sense then, that the pope doesn't like being protected in the Apostolic Palace -- a "funnel," he claims, that only allows visitors in "drop by drop" -- and instead resides in the Santa Marta guest house. He has moved his control center here, and he and his employees occupy an entire floor -- a plan that raised both costs and hackles. Francis, however, lives modestly in a three-room mini-apartment, between statues of the Virgin Mary, crucifixes and a coffer with eight bone fragments of the Apostle Peter.
Brandmüller isn't the only person to have his doubts. Meanwhile, Francis works restlessly, like someone who doesn't have much time left to implement his plan. After morning mass he eats breakfast with the faithful. Then, in the morning, he makes his way through administrative meetings with Gänswein in the palace, and after a brief afternoon break, dedicates himself to the truly revolutionary part of his daily routine: his off-the-record meetings with the public, which he organizes by circumventing the Curia, using his phone, pen and paper himself.
"Jorge, don't change." Bergoglio told his biographer Elisabetta Piqué that he had made this resolution right after his election in Rome. He has taken into consideration that there is a danger that he will repeat the "old mistakes" in his new position. But a man of his age makes himself look silly, he argued, if he tries to reinvent himself. In Rome, consequently, he now acts according to a model that harkens back to his time in Argentina: The Francis principle.
Bergoglio himself claims that even when he was a Jesuit Provincial Superior he made "decisions in very abrupt and personal ways." Back then, at the age of 36, he had been named the highest-ranking Jesuit in the country. As Jesuit priest Carlos Carranza stated for the record, Bergoglio's strict rules meant that despite his selfless mission, "he and his way of leading the province" encountered hostility.
Not so in the Vatican, where Francis first complained about "spiritual petrification" and "existential schizophrenia" in the Curia -- then made a smiling round and received loyal addresses of discipline. And this from all those who voted for him in the 2013 Conclave so that he may bring order to things with a strong hand.
The experts from renowned consulting companies -- like KPMG, Deloitte & Touch or Ernst & Young -- who Francis brought in make similar amounts of money in just a few hours. They audit the books of the Institute for the Works of Religion (IOR), the Vatican Bank, or the economic plans of the Holy See -- with success. The Vatican's finances and properties, which are estimated to be worth several billion euros, are no longer in the permanent sights of the public prosecutors.
The editor says the question of where to steer the church is not the pope's top priority. "It's very possible that he himself doesn't even know," he adds, saying that a man like Francis can't easily be squeezed into established patterns of thinking. "He is neither conservative nor progressive, he's not an ideologist -- he's more radical in the literal sense -- a person searching for roots." Spadaro also says, with a smile, that the Argentinian's tendency, like that of all Jesuits, to "think in a processual, open-minded way" makes him come across as erratic, but that this isn't necessarily a bad thing. "The Lord God is also unpredictable," he says.
Word has since gotten around that Francis is often out and about. After trips abroad, he kneels down to pray at Rome's Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore, and he visits jails during his free time. He's also already made three visits to a soup kitchen run by the Jesuits in the city.
The clout of the Latin American wing of the church is growing within the Vatican. When it comes to issues like marriage and family, that branch has to set different priorities than the European one, which is something Francis recognized early on. For a long time, the American and European wings of the church were dominant in the Vatican, but their power is eroding under Francis. This is not without logic, either, given that more than half of the world's 1.3 billion Catholics live in the southern hemisphere. Francis has taken this into account and has made the church more international. In February, for the first time in Vatican history, the church appointed cardinals in Myanmar and Tonga.
In Germany, the Catholic Church is continuing its decline, losing members by the year. Does this mean that Francis has as few answers to the Western world's questions of faith as his predecessor did? Archbishop Gänswein makes an effort not to come across as partisan on this question. He says Francis does a good job of communicating in the media and that he has a "seventh sense" for it. He says the pope is talented when it comes to reaching people's "hearts and minds." But after the headlines in recent years about child abuse and slush funds, even that isn't enough to suddenly make the church attractive again.
Still, rumors about Ratzinger having an adjunct papal role and making well-timed theological interventions persist. "It's all made up," Gänswein says. "It is being spread by interested parties." Others within the Vatican say the differences between the popes are much less significant than they may appear to be from the outside. After all, Pope Benedict XVI also preached modesty, ate lasagna with homeless people and visited jails. But even that didn't help the German thinker and theorist. Francis, on the other hand, has had little trouble winning over hearts.
Well, you've been teased and tortured with a plethora of images and even video but now OS 10.3.0.296 has leaked. At this point, some of the stuff we've seen teased is in the OS and some of it is not, you'll just have to go through it all to find out what's there and what's not. Also of note, it's not available for all devices but if you have a BlackBerry Z10 STL100-3 then you can go ahead and give it a go and I'm sure some autoloaders will get made for other devices eventually.
On the campaign trail in Manchester, New Hampshire, Carson told CNN his research simply used the tissue from aborted fetuses that was made available to him.
As I'm sure most of you know, college students aren't known for their large amounts of pocket change. While we have gone this far on a personal fund of $100.00, we simply aren't talented enough to make our own music! When we contacted the very talented Chris Christodoulou and he wanted to be on the project, we knew that we had to have him!. In general, your pledge money will go towards:
The game began as sketches on the back of scrap paper. As we kept brainstorming, the game we were talking about sounded.. fun! We have been working on Risk of Rain for about 5 months, and the feedback we have received so far is incredible. Having never released any games to the public, it's exciting to see that we can make something that many people enjoy.
In any case it's true that Free Plus game are either really old or just crap. They're not gonna make much profit from the game anymore, that's why they put it up for free. WARNING: This post may contain OPINIONS. Opinions that may differ from yours. Do not read if you are unable to handle it with maturity. Learn to read.In any case it's true that Free Plus game are either really old or just crap. They're not gonna make much profit from the game anymore, that's why they put it up for free.
Like a crafty magician, the greatest trick Braxton Miller ever pulled was making the impossible seem probable. The rabbit was always in the hat, just tucked away; the card you were looking for was up your sleeve the whole time; Miller only made things look effortless, thanks to overall athleticism unmatched at the position in college football.
Here's where it hurts: For the Buckeyes, the impossible is no longer probable – it's possible, always possible, but not probable. The Buckeyes no longer have a quarterback capable of pulling single-play victory from the jaws of defeat, for example; Miller made things happen when others would've ducked and covered, unwilling and unable.
This won't hurt Ohio State against Maryland, Rutgers, Illinois and Minnesota, though one can make the simple case of Miller's dynamism holding the key to a win in East Lansing, for example. In short, the team-wide preseason standard has subtly changed: OSU is no longer the favorite in the Big Ten Conference.
Offense: It will be J.T. Barrett against Navy and for every game from that point forward, hinging on production, and the Buckeyes will tweak this entire offense to better suit his skill set. Translated: Run, run, run. For now, it's easy to see Tom Herman trade explosiveness from the position for simple consistency, particularly in the read-option running game. Gone are the Miller-led running plays, replaced by the backfield-led action – basically, a running game that begins with a stable of gifted running backs and then moves to the quarterback rather than vice versa, as was the case throughout Miller's turn in this system. That's not to say Barrett isn't athletic enough to make things happen; he showed some solid burst in the spring game, for example, and will allow the offense to maintain a similar flavor. It'll just be less explosive – but you knew that already.
Let's attempt to make the case, however fruitless, that OSU's linebacker corps will thrive even without Ryan Shazier. I'll buy it, in fact, and here's why: Shazier was otherworldly, true, but perhaps the motivation to fill his All-American shoes brings the most out of the five or six linebackers set to top the rotation. Maybe motivation will send senior Curtis Grant off on a high note after three years of frustration; if he's ready, Grant's the guy in the middle – and if not, OSU won't hesitate to hand the job to five-star freshman Raekwon McMillan. There's a little competition underway on the strong side between sophomore Darron Lee and redshirt freshman Chris Worley, which I think will very beneficial for overall depth. And then there's the leader of the group, junior Joshua Perry (64 tackles), and I have a suspicion he's due for an all-conference season on the weak side. Also, keep in mind Ash's simplified scheme when considering OSU's potential on the second level.
Offensive line: It's all a little dicey, to be honest, but let's pay some respect to line coach Ed Warinner, who put together one of the program's finest groups in a decade-plus a season ago. He'll eventually get the line moving forward, it's safe to say, but I worry a touch about the unit's general cohesiveness heading into the opener. The anchor will be junior Taylor Decker, who makes the shift from right to left tackle as Jack Mewhort's replacement – and Mewhort was awesome as a senior. Beyond producing at an all-conference clip on the new quarterback's blind side, Decker needs to embrace the leadership mantle shared by three productive seniors a year ago.
But let's touch on where OSU comes up lacking in comparison to the rest of the nation's elite. The first issue is the offensive line, which breaks in four full-time starters – though a few have past starting experience – and has to settle two ongoing competitions along the interior. The unit has a terrific position coach, but the line will need time to develop in advance of the heart of conference play. The second issue is the secondary and this pass defense, which will improve under Ash's tutelage but needs to take two steps forward to merely move toward the national average. Then there's quarterback, obviously, and Barrett simply lacks Miller's ability to make something out of nothing – let alone carry the offense on his own two shoulders, so Meyer and Herman face the biggest test of their turns in Columbus.
OSU can still have a special season. Maybe not special, in the sense that the year ends in Dallas; it can still be special, with a young and underclassmen-heavy roster battling against the stumbling blocks to end the season bruised and beaten yet atop the Big Ten. Without any question, this team's wealth of skill talent, amazing defensive front, speed along the back seven and ever-increasing depth makes it one of the two best teams in the conference. It's not going to be easy; it's going to be hard, in fact, and it's going to take everything OSU has in the tank. It can be done: Ohio State can still do this. It'll just be exponentially harder today than it seemed earlier this week.
When illegal immigrants tell Customs and Border Protection officials that they fear persecution if they are returned home, it triggers what can be a long process. First, a customs officer makes an initial determination and then schedules the person for a hearing to determine if asylum will be granted. If the illegal immigrant loses, he or she can appeal to an immigration judge.
“The conditions are the same,” she said. “This is the result of people realizing if they make it to the border, they will be let in and allowed to stay for an indefinite period of time — years at a minimum.”
Ezequiel Barco 29/03/1999 Atlanta United Attacking midfield Atlanta United supporters might still be wondering what all the fuss was about after the ambitious MLS club pulled off an astonishing coup to sign Ezequiel Barco from Independiente for a record breaking $15 million fee. But there should be no doubt that the Five Stripes signed one of South American football’s most exciting prospects. Injury and rumoured off-field problems have made a first season in Atlanta a testing one for Barco but the youngster still played a part in Tata Martino’s side lifting the title. Now with Miguel Almirón gone, the 19-year-old will be aiming to step into the spotlight and produce the level of performances that made him a star at Independiente. Quick feet, incisive passing, a penchant for nutmegs and a strong mentality as proven by the teenager slotting away the decisive penalty at the Maracaná when Independiente won the Copa Sudamericana, Barco’s impact for El Rojo from the moment Diego Milito handed him his debut was immediate. Inconsistency, a lack of end product and at times guilty of over complicating things, it’s easy to be critical of Barco but still only 19, there remains huge potential. #argentina #football #futbol #soccer #footballplayer #footballteam #instagood #instapic #golazopic #golazo50 #footballfans
Nicolás González 06/04/1998 VfB Stuttgart Forward Coming from the club that produced the likes of Fernando Redondo and Diego Maradona, for Nicolás González to fetch Argentinos Juniors a club record transfer fee of €8.5 million when VfB Stuttgart swooped last summer suggests the 20-year-old is a genuine talent. Having joined Los Bichos at under-15 level, González worked his way up and was handed a senior debut by Gabriel Heinze in 2016, scoring the decisive goal against Gimnasia de Jujuy to seal promotion back to the top flight. Seven goals on that return to the Superliga proved to be a breakthrough for the forward and as Argentinos finished a comfortable twelfth. Since the sale of González, the Paternal club have struggled and the youngsters ability to stretch play and get behind has certainly been missed. Quick, alert in the penalty area and flexible enough to play across the frontline, González has all the attributes to make it in one of Europe’s top leagues. #argentina #football #futbol #soccer #footballplayer #footballteam #instagood #instapic #golazopic #golazo50 #footballfans
Kickstarter’s Hidden Data Before I get to the details I need to point out that Kickstarter does not make it easy to get a complete picture. Search results and project listings on Kickstarter are biased toward live and successful projects. Some projects will not turn up in Kickstarter search results at all – for example no combination of keywords will reveal this project. Further, liberal use of meta “no index” tags on the site tell honest webcrawlers (like Google) not to index their content. What does this mean? It means while I know about 58K of the 64K projects on Kickstarter, my results are biased to the positive. The net effect is I show 48% of projects are successful, while the true rate published by Kickstarter is 44%. The charts below are not exact, but can be used to get a general idea of what is a “best practice” for a Kickstarter project.
There is clearly a trend in project length. After 45 days or so you start to do worse than the baseline, but there is a real sweet spot in the 8 – 34 day range. You may note I‘ve used a polynomial regression here instead of the more common linear. Everyone has the preferences, and I like a poly in this case to highlight the sweet spot that would be lost in a straight line. I use a linear when I want to forecast new values along the Y or X axis – and that doesn’t make sense in this case.
He’s going to play. The Rockies are giving him almost $10 mil a year to play. He’s not the best against lefties, but the only other outfielder who could make a stab for some at bats is also not so good against lefties.
Mr. Ells apologized for the outbreaks on NBC's "Today" show last week and said Chipotle is trying to make sure they don't happen again. "I'm sorry for the people who got sick. They are having a tough time, and I feel terrible about that," he said.
"The company needs to rebuild trust and they need to tell people that they've made very concrete changes," he said.
Donald Trump lived a life of hedonism in the 1980s and 1990s. If tabloid reports at the time are to be believed, the future president plowed his way through a portfolio’s worth of models and starlets. He even managed to drive a weird mini-news cycle with reports that he made all of his sexual partners take an AIDS test before he’d bless them with his sexual company. Karen Pence’s first husband, before she married Vice President Mike, helped invent Cialis, a drug that helps men who have difficulty experiencing sexual arousal achieve erections.
Things I wrote about things I made in 2017
My first attempt at showing annual admissions plotted daily data and made it difficult to see the rate of admissions over the course of the year. Rebecca’s switch to monthly data fixed that and removed the need for a “refugees admitted by this date in past years” marker.
Another look at the refugee admissions data, this time focusing on countries of origin over time. I was a little anxious when starting this project - we were trying to publish that day and setting up maps with d3 can be slow. To get going fast, I grabbed some code from a previous project and made a bubble chart.
I made the map with d3 and a couple of canvas tricks from an old Bloomberg piece. There are too many points (80,000+!) to animate with svg, so I used two canvas layers. The top one is cleared every frame and each moving point is redrawn. The bottom frame only has points drawn on it and is never cleared so it keeps a record of every location.
Charts were still kinda weird so I stuck them inside of graph-scroll to make them more palatable. There’s way too much text in the piece, but I didn’t give myself a ton of time for editing.
A little bit of polish made it prettier, but there were still significant problems with the form. The piece was about LeBron passing MJ’s record, but because so much emphasis was placed on individual games, it was hard to compare the area of players’ charts to see who had the most points. Tight on time, I fell back on the classic cumulative record chart. Updated with more transitions and scrolling!
After LeBron’s 11-point game gave me some extra time, I went back to the idea of trying to show each playoff game. Stacked bars eliminated the huge amount of vertical variation between games so players’ points were more perceivable. To distinguish series, I switched color from win/loss to playoff depth. This made me a little sad — you can’t trace your finger along and recall individual games like you could in the previous version — but it did a better job showing how players from different eras got their points. Finally, I used a small multiples layout instead of vertically sorting by time with a common x scale to fit more players in a smaller space.
Update to post-election climate piece done with Jasmine. The presentation is mostly the name, but every time it looked like there’d be news on the Paris agreement we’d dust this off and make some small tweaks.
Possibly the most rewritten thing I’ve ever worked on. Kevin and Josh sketched out a version of the quiz where you clicked on the chart to place characters. To make the interaction more intuitive, Gregor tweaked their code to use the HTML Drag and Drop API. Kevin had some ideas for making the dragging feel like a native app that weren’t doable without finer control. Gregor had just left for vacation, so I hacked together a version with d3-drag… and left for vacation.
Without any documentation on how to do this from the MTA, the process wasn’t exact. I made a ton of Marey diagrams to diagnose different parsing errors: trains moving backwards through space/time, crossing over each other a single track line and splinting into two. It was hard to differentiate when stations disappearing from the feed indicated an arrival or a canceled trip.
If I had a little more time, I would have liked to try including more chart forms and alternative gap measurements (the ratio of percents isn’t the same as the difference of percents!) by transitioning between them in a scrollytelling piece. That would have required a big rewrite of copy/code which didn’t make sense to attempt while we were waiting for a break in the news to publish. Other things to explore: a wider selection of schools (we had a drop down that let you chart any of the ~4,000 colleges in the US, but weren’t 100% confident in the data so it was cut) and graduation rates.
With thousands of messages, there was way too much text to print everything. We manually looked through the messages to pull out interesting, representative snippets that conveyed what each of dots popping up signified. Spacing them out semi-evenly during the animation wasn’t easy when scrolling through thousands of rows in a spreadsheet, so I made a little chart to help see the timing.
Archie suggested one nice touch on animating dots that I’ll be reusing. I’ve usually shown new data points entering by transitioning the size. Combined with all the text on the screen, this made lots of extra visual noise. Replacing the resizing with fading halos highlighted new points without nearly so much noise.
Nadja did most of the work on this piece. To distinguish the year lines I drew a slightly thicker black line behind each, a trick I picked up from a Bloomberg piece last year. To show the progression of time we used color to indicate year, which unfortunately made it quite similar to Bloomberg’s Arctic Sea Ice chart.
I don’t think I’ve ever made anything as richly annotated as the desktop version of Derek’s chart. Even with swoopy-drag, incorporating text and leader lines is much easier in illustrator than in code (he uses five styles of lines!). And responsive design is an even bigger obstacle. The mobile charts are basically the same, but we didn’t add anything on wider screens.
/r/guns had a thread this morning about the type of weapon used in the Vegas shooting. I couldn’t find any concrete information about the weapons used, so we started to explore ways of helping a lay audience understand the noises made by different kinds of fire rates.
Finally published something with WebGL! I started working on this last month when Bui and Ben realized they could model the impact of the tax bill on thousands of households by running CPS data through an open source tax model. Thinking it’d be interesting to see how different demographics’ tax bills would change, I set up a crossfilterish interface to explore. With only 25,000 data points, filtering on multiple dimensions made the chart pretty sparse. So Bui used small multiples instead, which also don’t require interaction to compare.
We also had difficulties getting all the data to the browser. At first we tried loading 20% of the rows at a time. This caused the chart to flicker on load and the successive redraws made the page laggy. So instead we loaded the data incrementally by column. Initially, just the income and tax change columns needed to position the points are loaded. Then the columns with the categorical data for the filters are loaded in the the order that they appear on the page.
Getting this done before the bill passed was challenging. Some of the functions I’ve added to jetpack like tooltips and layers made it a little easier. And Blacki actually made finishing possible, jumping in right after starting at the Times and doing a ton of work while I was suffering from the flu.
Unprecedented numbers are risking their lives to reach Europe, and local authorities in coastal communities where they land are struggling to cope. Lizzy Davies reports from Catania while photographer Massimo Sestini accompanied the Italian navy on its rescue missions earlier this month, offering a rare up-close glimpse of the men, women and children who make the dangerous trip to start a new life
With a bandana on her head and a three-month-old baby at her feet, Azeb Brahana stands in the gardens of Catania’s train station and looks a little lost. The 25-year-old Eritrean left her country in 2012, aware, she says, that the life she wanted was not possible in a country with mandatory national service. To get here, she says, she worked for a year in Sudan and endured months in a Libyan jail, where the United Nations estimates thousands of refugees and migrants are being held in deplorable conditions. It was in prison that Brahana gave birth to her son, and it is because of him that she is determined to make it, finally, to a place of safety and stability. “Somewhere I can live with my baby, happy,” she says. Somehow, though, despite all that she has been through, that still feels like a very distant dream.
At an EU summit this week, the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi, is expected to raise the issue with other leaders, urging them to make a “significant investment” in the bloc’s border control agency, Frontex. Since October, in the aftermath of two disasters in which around 400 people died at sea, the Italian navy has been carrying out a €9m-a-month (£7.2m) operation in the Mediterranean aimed at intercepting rickety migrant boats before they get into trouble. Mare Nostrum (“Our Sea”) is credited by the Italian government and NGOs on the ground with having saved countless lives. But Rome is determined that it should not continue to shoulder the burden alone. On Tuesday, Renzi told parliament: “A Europe that tells the Calabrian fisherman that he must use a certain technique to catch tuna but then turns its back when there are dead bodies in the sea cannot call itself civilised.”
Of course nothing has been confirmed, except that it is within possibility. ‘Flashpoint’ does however provide a reasonable opportunity to bring the character back. Tommy was killed with little to no closure, so bringing him back would make sense. Do you think Tommy will make a return to Arrow? Let us know in the comments.
Arrow Season 5: Newly appointed Mayor Oliver Queen finds himself challenged as he fights on two fronts for the future of Star City. With Diggle back in the military and Thea adamant about hanging up her hood as Speedy, Team Green Arrow is down to just Oliver and Felicity – but they’re no longer the only vigilantes in town. Green Arrow’s public defeat of Damien Darhk at the end of Season Four has inspired a new crop of masked heroes to step up and defend the city, though their painful inexperience makes them obstacles, rather than allies, in the field. The arrival of a deadly new adversary will force Oliver to confront questions about his own legacy, both as mayor and as the Green Arrow.
The San Mateo feline has pilfered more than 600 items from neighbors - behavior so odd it's baffled and delighted animal experts and made Dusty a minor celebrity.
Justice DiMango’s straightforward discussions with defendants, detailing their options and what a jury might do, have brought many to face reality, said Robert Dreher, executive assistant district attorney for the Bronx. “Everyone is saying the D.A. is giving these cases away,” he said. “But what makes this work is her conversations with the defendants.”
“When you speak of sending our kids again, let’s make it worth it, not just to send them to politically help some Haliburton or somebody else.”
When Girasoli is closed in the morning, another team comes in to make cookies and cakes for the evening customers.
“Our daughter has gained autonomy. When she comes home from work, she is happy, proud of what she’s done,” he said, adding that Anna had also made progress “in how she relates to other people, in her language”.
Much has been made by the Trump campaign about the 2016 election being rigged . Trump himself exclaimed that "We'd better be careful, because that election is going to be rigged. And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us."
Given the acrimonious nature of the Republican primaries and his departure from many traditional Republican beliefs, it would appear that Trump would be ripe for elector defections. It is likely that supporters of Cruz, Rubio, Bush, Kasich and Paul will make their way into the Electoral College.
Though the Bulls added players and have enviable depth, the potential weakness remains shooting guard as Butler is more naturally a small forward. It’s why someone like Dunleavy needs to be in the lineup to keep the floor spread for Rose’s drives. But it’s asking a lot after Dunleavy started so many games last season when his role was supposed to be a reserve. After all, with all that depth you should be nursing your players more for the post season. It also doesn’t make a lot of sense to start Rose with Hinrich since Hinrich isn’t a shooter who occupies the defense and then have Butler at small forward.
When it’s recognised, this double prejudice often paves the way for a saviour complex to kick in. The problems these women face are reduced to simple stories where wider society is somehow blameless: women of colour need to be saved from “oppressive” cultures or “barbaric” men. This is a ludicrous leap to make when we all know men of any colour are capable of abusing women; ‘race’ and ethnicity have nothing to do with it. Institutional sexism and racism don’t get a mentioned.
My ambitious hope is that this perspective will quiet a lot of the fighting as people recognize that they are just perpetuating a rift in the field of mathematics that happened a long time ago. The perspectives are irreconcilable now, but that could change. A paper called Church and Curry: Combining Intrinsic and Extrinsic Typing builds a language with both kinds of types. And Gradual Typing and Blame Calculus are investigating the intersection of static and dynamic typing. Let’s stop fighting, make some cool tools and use them well.
To be honest, this isn't a surprise. Once Kirk Herbstreit (still a very influential figure in Columbus, make no mistake) got involved publicly, it was always going to be difficult to see The Torg find a way back from his suspension. Not to mention there must have been some pressure from above for the ESPN Radio affiliate in Columbus to disassociate themselves with Torgerson after he jokingly wished firing or death upon Desmond Howard.
It's always tough when someone loses their job and I do believe there's a case to be made both for keeping Torgerson and letting him go. Torg made a mistake and apologized profusely for it, so some will say a suspension was enough and he learned his lesson. Others will say Torg had this coming as a sports shock jock who makes a living pushing the envelope and eventually there would come a day when he wouldn't be able to pull it back. I don't think there's a "right" answer in this case. Regardless, it's an unfortunate situation all the way around and hopefully Torgerson is able to learn from it and move on.
doesn't seem to care that fighting might cost lives, it actually made things more exciting in his "game". After he worked with Fili-Second to rescue Zap, he grew even closer to the pink speed mare and wishes to stay beside her to make his game more thrilling.
Larry Elmore is one of the world's leading fantasy artists. His works have graced the covers of National Lampoon, Heavy Metal, and Dragon magazine, among others. He is best known for his covers for the original Dragonlance novels. Elmore makes Dragon Con an annual event.
Jai Nitz is a comic book writer of Latino descent who has worked for DC, Marvel, Dark Horse, Image, Disney, and other publishers. He co-created El Diablo with Phil Hester and he co-created Dream Thief with Greg Smallwood. El Diablo made his big screen debut in 2016's Suicide Squad.
Aetherworks Marvel decks were the archtype that showed up in the greatest numbers, constituting nearly 18% of the total field on Day 1. When they work, the various flavors of Marvel decks can drop a gigantic threat such as Ulamog or Emrakul into play as early as Turn 4. They have also generated some truly embarrassing moments for their pilots however, with too many of their top end threats stuck in hand resulting in fail to find adventures when activating the Marvel. Heading into Day 2 it will be important to identify whether a proportional number of these decks have made it through to Day 2, or whether the group think on going big was off the mark. The spike has already taken place however, with the card pushing from $10 to $20 early Friday evening. It will need to make Top 8 to avoid a wholescale sell off by the speculators come Monday.
Heading into the weekend, Smuggler’s Copter was the card that seemed to define the format, but we haven’t seen a lot of the card so far on camera, and it is unclear how many Copter decks have made it into Day 2. Metalwork Colossus decks were sprinkled through the field, and a couple of them may be doing well enough to make a bid for Top 8. Consequently the card has moved from $1.50 to $5 overnight. Dynavolt Tower, as seen in the Travis Woo championed Jeskai Control build (with three players over 50% Day 1) and the Degan UR build, is also on the move. The card is currently available around $2, but inventory is draining and this card can easily top $5 if it makes Top 8.
As I expected, Chandra, Torch of Defiance has not made it on camera as of yet, and by all accounts she is essentially absent in the format. Look for this Planeswalker to crash hard heading out of the weekend. Panharmonicon spiked earlier this week on the back of a prominent video series by Saffron Olive, but the card is not in the field this weekend, and seems likely to slide back toward $5 from $10. Foils on the other hand, propped up by EDH demand, are likely to hold their current plateau a bit better.
We come in on this and Duke finally puts Chandra, Torch of Defiance on camera out of his sideboard. The beleagured planeswalker is quickly killed however, and the match is split, heading to a third game after a key Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet makes combat too tricky for Reid. Off camera a bit later however, Reid is able to take the match.
Matsoukas has Reckless Bushwacker in his deck to assist in the go wide plan and he makes great use of it in Game 2 to take down the match in record time when he applies it to five attackers.
In any case, the 2015 season makes for an excellent out-of-sample test with respect to New England’s fumble tendencies. Although the Patriots have been accused of going crazy lengths to gain a winning edge, it seems safe to assume that any suspect ball routine could not have been a part of the game-day preparation process this season. (The NFL implemented new procedures for inspecting game balls.) As a result, if one initially made the link between the Patriots low fumble rates and deflated footballs, the natural follow-up would be to assume that New England’s fumble rates would revert toward the league average in 2015. So what happened in 2015? • The Patriots had the fewest fumbles of any NFL offense.
Based on only this, it is my opinion that Warren Sharp is really not that great of a statistical analyst. And look, I make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes. Its basically impossible to do statistics without ever making a mistake. Humans are human after all. But what bothers me so much about Sharp is that he just seems to ignore the legitimate criticisms and doubles down.
When something seems too good to be true, it usually is. There is absolutely no way he’s correctly picked 59% of games against the spread over the course of 12 years. And here’s how you can tell this isn’t real: If he was picking 59% correctly over the course of 12 years, he wouldn’t be selling the picks. He wouldn’t need to because he’s be extremely wealthy and wouldn’t need your $250 membership fee. There are a few very good professional gamblers, but you’ve probably never heard of them (Like Bill Benter, for example), and they certainly wouldn’t be selling their picks if their picks were any good because they could be making way more money betting on them (Benter made a BILLION dollars….with a “B”!). So his numbers are probably not the most truthful……
“The first trial is very rigorous. We are making sure we understand the water tightness and ensuring we understand the propulsion capabilities and understand the emergency systems are working. We take these incremental steps to make sure it is a fully functional and safe ship,” Hesch said in an interview with Military.com
“You start off going to a shallow depth to make sure everything is good, then you kind of work your way through the systems, making sure the propulsion plant is working the way it should,” he said.
1) Some delicious black tea leaves. Let me just say now, that I would have been so happy with this gift alone - because for the first time since we moved into our house 5.5 years ago, I've been able to have a proper cuppa tea. Santa you are amazing. I don't know what is wrong with our house, but I haven't been able to make a good tasting cup of tea, despite buying new tea bags, changing the kettle, trying Evian water instead etc. So THANK YOU so much for allowing me to finally have a good cup of tea.
3) I don't know if you have a spy camera on me, but I absolutely LOVE Pumpkin Spice Lattes, and I had no idea you could buy the syrup - so I'm absolutely made up with my big bottle of Pumpkin Spice syrup.
In all seriousness, what we're seeing from this arc of Wonder Woman is a good thing. Conflict between the varying pantheons is a rich vein to mine in superhero comics - it lets the creators examine the mythological underpinnings of the characters and build a deep world around our heroes, tapping into some of what makes them so cool to follow. This is the kind of conflict that made Greg Pak and Fred Van Lente's Incredible Hercules such a lovely surprise when it came out, and part of what makes Diana so interesting in her best stories. And a re-aged Darkseid fighting Zeus, thanks to Pagulayan and Segovia, looks great. So of course we were excited to get our hands on an exclusive first look at Wonder Woman #37.
I’ll be happy if all you do is read the claim I’m about to make and think about it for a few days, even if you ultimately decide that it has no merit. Here it comes.
That might sound surprising or even outrageous. You might feel a pang reading it and a desire to respond at once with a dismissal or rebuttal. If so please hold that thought. I made an animation called You Can Always Leave. I hope it adequately answers the replies I hear most often to this claim. Perhaps the animation already addresses what you have in mind. I’m embedding it in a player further down this page.
Before you watch the video, if you decide to, notice that on its own, acceptance of the claim I made above does not establish that these threats are illegitimate (though I believe they are). Nor does it rule out the possibility that the state is a 'necessary evil’ (though I believe it is unnecessary). Here’s the animation. It’s just over eleven minutes long, but if I’ve done my job well you might end up accepting the claim long before it’s ended.
Together with the possibility of a Trump presidency–which, if it materializes, would in all likelihood make the world far more dangerous and hostile than it’s ever been for Americans, their culture, their language, and the neoliberal ideology that is associated with both Wall Street and London–these events may signal the decadence of the English language in coming years.
Lately, Esperanto has become a cool learning adventure, now that it has been turned into a game-like experience by duolingo. Within months of being made available on duolingo for English speakers, the Esperanto language course has hundreds of thousands of learners and has gone viral online, also multiplying traffic to sites like lernu.net. Esperanto for Spanish speakers will become available soon. There are an estimated less than five million speakers worldwide of Esperanto, and countries like Poland and Hungary (which are near the epicenter of where Esperanto was born) have each tens of thousands of speakers. Poland is the birthplace of the language and has hundreds of monuments to Doctor Zamenhof. The headquarters of the Universala Esperanto Asocio is in the Netherlands, which also has a sizable community of speakers, and where the language even once had its own currency known as the stelo.
Immediately after Brexit, Esperanto speakers in Europe became activists. The announcement was made on the inauguration of Eŭropa konversacio (an European conversation), a webpage in the international language featuring news and cultural notes related to the continent and helping to forge a continental identity in the neutral, auxiliary language. A group of Esperantists have purchased the site europano.info and are raising funds on patreon so that their project may materialize. Unlike all other “official” European Union webpages, which spend millions of dollars and employ hundreds of translators in order to make their content available in dozens of languages, europano.info will test the usefulness of Esperanto as the single, auxiliary, second language for an increasing number of people, removing the many middle-persons in the process of translation between people from dozens of countries and ethnicities, and simplifying international communication for everyone. What better place than the European Union to test Esperanto?
"But the key phrase now must be 'due diligence' to make sure that any potential owners are fit and proper people to run the club.
However, Mr Homer still believes finding a buyer to make a firm bid could be difficult. He said: "For a club of our size, the stadium and the training ground is second to none, but at the end of the day we are only a 'town team' and there is only so far we can go in our catchment area.
The raft was made up of a trampoline, a basketball hoop and an awning.
Malcolmson said most if not all of the rafters, aged between 18 and 50, managed to make it to the shore unaided.
He said the court had made its decision based on the historic introduction of the Employment Regulation Orders (EROs) arising from the JLC legislation which is very old.
Miller: That’s where we begin. With institutional investors, they’ll rarely write a check of less than $10 million of equity, and that’s not because the deal doesn’t make sense if it’s smaller. It’s because they have a multibillion dollar fund. They can put it out in so many increments. If they have a lot of $1 million investments, they won’t be able to manage it. And so it creates this artificial barrier where the small enterprise, the mid-sized real estate operator, who’s established, who has a real track record, if they bring a deal that’s $15 million to $20 million of value, it’s very hard for them to get that financed. We plug [in] what technology tends to be efficient in the mid-market space for real estate operators, and provide them capital to deals that are often ignored by institutional investors.
“The business model is called ‘marketplace lending….’ You have borrowers, you have investors. You connect the two. You also use your own capital to guarantee the funding so that … you make the two stick together.”
Miller: It’s going to change. What you’ve seen in other businesses, when you look at digital media, blogs, Twitter, Facebook — they started out relatively small and then became large and institutional. I think the most efficient place to start is the ignored portion of the market that institutions have difficulty serving because of their scale. But I think it really will shift. It’s about creating efficiency for private commercial real estate transactions.… It’s a huge market. But you have a deal, you make some phone calls, you try to raise some funding. There’s not an efficient way to put the deal together…. [Our] platform standardizes it. I think it’s going to bring efficiency to all parts of the market. It’s just going to take time to go to different sectors.
Miller: Right. The business model is called “marketplace lending” at this point. Lending clubs invest…. You have borrowers, you have investors. You connect the two. You also use your own capital to guarantee the funding so that you … make the two stick together. And by creating that standardization you have efficiency on both sides.
We thought, why don’t we go out to those investors, let them invest in it? They might own a home in the neighborhood. They’ve already understood the real estate. They have a lot of other data around it that makes them excited to invest [for reasons] that might not be purely financial, but that doesn’t mean it’s wrong. We just did our first project in Detroit. We’re going to raise capital for the old Tigers Stadium redevelopment. And in the same way, it’s an old baseball stadium, everyone in Detroit’s been to it, they want to be part of revitalizing that area and bringing it back. I think you’re seeing what we’re able to do is because you’re selling these investments to retail investors. They’re buying a product that has more texture as opposed to just a 16% ROI. There are other components that they’re able to evaluate.
Miller: That project’s about $30 million. And it’s going to be about 20% equity. We’ll raise between one half million to $1 million. And we now fund with our own balance sheets, so we guarantee the funds at closing with our own cash and then put it up on the site. So for the real estate company, they’re not taking the risk of raising the money online. That’s been one of the big things that’s shifted, that we centralized the asset management, we centralize the investor reporting, and we make sure that the funds are there at the appropriate time.
Addendum 2488-Beta: Miscellaneous Recovered Documents Hide Addendum DOCUMENT 2488 15-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall Meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting transcript implies that this was the first encounter with the anomaly related to SCP-2488. Several moments of hysteria among attendees broke out during the course of the meeting, calling for the mayor to sequester the newly reanimated subjects. It was, however, the sentiment of a small group of attendees that this was a newly raised opportunity from God. This group was later identified as members of the Safety Harbor Christian Chapel. Citizens of Safety Harbor agreed to isolate recently dead persons in a location that supposedly no longer exists. At the time, it was used as a general storage area for the town, near the western limit. Reanimated persons were to be held here until their second expiration. A rotating one-month cleanout process was established. DOCUMENT 2488 17-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Safety Harbor Chapel board meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting's transcript implies some disagreement over the board's stance on the reanimated subjects. The discussed religious implications mostly resulted in dissent and disagreement among members, some of which opposed the confinement of reanimated persons. By the end of the meeting, no official verdict was established. DOCUMENT 2488 23-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall meeting, circa early 1934 This is the third documented meeting solely on the topic of SCP-2488 events. Citizens show less aversion to reanimated subjects than before, after discussion of recent events. According to the transcript, a group of citizens (mostly from two of the town's larger families) broke into the warehouse and freed their reanimated relatives. After most reanimated persons had left the premise, a large procession was held for the proper burial of those who had experienced their second expiration. A mob of other citizens gathered to re-contain reanimated persons. It was at this time that Foundation personnel stepped in, suggesting that reanimated persons may not be inherently violent or ill-willed, like many held as a preconceived notion. During this night, after a Foundation-facilitated agreement was made between a significant portion of the town, the first "grave parties" were held. Although the original intent was a small town gathering the following day, the expiration of several reanimated persons led to their burial during the festivities, which initiated a newly found notion of "grave parties". DOCUMENT 2488 34-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Mayor Burk's self-presented eulogy, circa late 1935 The eulogy delivered by Mayor Burk, apparently while standing on a podium over his self-dug grave, summarizes events since the beginning of SCP-2488 manifestation events. (This also marked the beginning of the tradition for reanimated subjects to dig their own graves, which was integrated as a part of "grave parties".) The presence of reanimated subjects at this time is considered a normal occurrence in Safety Harbor, and the original misgivings of citizens are restated. Despite the fear, and the destruction of the original town hall during the first reanimation event, Safety Harbor is summarized as showing immense growth, especially with the construction of a new town hall in early 1934, by reanimated subjects and living subjects alike. After delivering this eulogy, the "grave party" ensued until Mayor Burk stated a slowly approaching weakness coming over him, at which point he was lowered into his grave, and the celebration continued with a ceremonial filling of the grave and a second dessert course.
It wasn't high on the list of priorities, but as a National Historical Landmark site, we had to check it out. With the initial readings, the metal detectors, the sonic detection membranes, radiation counters, we weren't getting anything more than old coins and a few rusty nails. There was only one thing left to go through, and that was the burial mound. The Tocobaga people supposedly resided here, some long time ago. Way before the town was officially established. We had to set up this blinded pavilion around it, to make sure no one was suspicious of it, and we roped off the area. After the local government was ensured we wouldn't meddle with things, and we established a cover story for the removal of invasive plant species, we were going through it. It wasn't potentially destructive root systems that we found down there, though. Along with the decomposed remains of a supposed Tocobaga native, we found a milk bottle. We can't make heads or tails of it. There's some further investigation going into it now. The brains over at 147 think they've found some sort of radiation coming off of it that's interfering with most of our investigation into it, but we're trying to see if we can glean much else. So far, everything has been negligible. We did a bit of research into the Tocobaga people. Records indicate that they were driven from the area by the Spanish around 1528, and left behind this burial mound. It was once a place of ceremony, where the native people could celebrate various events - among them was death, which, according to recovered artifacts, was seen as a passing on rather than a final ending for life. They had this belief of ancestral spirits - once their elders died, the elders' spirits would remain to assist the living in intangible ways, and watch over them. The Tocobaga people, those that survived, dispersed among the population. We couldn't find much on what the few survivors did as they moved on, but we did find one document. In one of the smaller heritage sites near the edge of town, there were some documents, journals, that implied that the resident had some native heritage in them. There were many indications that not only was this individual important in the preservation of this site, but also that they visited it, on a daily basis, early in the morning, following the vandalism. The individual's documents end abruptly in November of 1939, which correlates to some of the approximate ending dates for SCP-2488 events. We've initiated some more investigation into the individual, but, I don't think much will turn up.
You want more try watching this video on how I make Hazelnut Dragees
The Trans Pacific Partnership paves the way for international law to overturn the voters' will in America and in the other countries who have signed on to the agreement. Luckily we still have time to make sure that this agreement is not signed into law by our leaders.
The lawsuits we are seeing in Maui and Vermont would pale compared to the power that TPP would have to overturn the will of local, state, and national voters. Wallch goes on to state, "it would increase the duration of patents for Big Pharma and, as a result, give them windfall profits but increase our medicine prices. It could roll back financial regulation on big banks. It could limit Internet freedom, sort of sneak through the back door the Stop Online Piracy Act, SOPA. And -- they love this -- it would give special privileges and rights for foreign corporations to skirt around our courts and sue the U.S. government to raid our treasury over any environmental, consumer health law that they think undermine their expected future profits, the so-called "investor-state" enforcement system. Plus, it would have the NAFTA-style rules that make it easier to offshore jobs, making it easier to relocate to low-wage countries."
Others have noted that TPP could make GMO labeling illegal, and also make "buy American" initiatives illegal because they interfere with multi-national corporations desire to remain unchallenged regarding anything that stands in their way to make money. TPP would also suppress environmental and public health initiatives that voters might pass in order to protect themselves or their local resources.
As if that wasn't scary enough, Wallach continues, "unlike most of our international agreements, the TPP has two strong enforcement mechanisms. First, if the U.S., for instance, were to continue to buy American and give that preference to our domestic economy, or, for that matter, states with Buy Local or communities with Buy Local school food, all of those things would be a violation of that agreement. Then, what happens is, any other country can drag the U.S. into a TPP tribunal, and if we don't get rid of the law, the U.S. would face perpetual trade sanctions, fines. This is actually enforceable international corporate law. The TPP provisions on investment would make some of the TPP constraints on policy actually enforceable by private individual companies, when an individual company could privately enforce a public treaty by insisting the U.S. government compensate the private investor or company out of our taxpayer dollars for any violation of the agreement that undermines their expected future profits." If you thought that bailing out bankers with taxpayers money was bad, TPP is a whole lot worse.
Question: What kind of dumbass packs a freaking grenade in his carry-on ... and accidentally tries to take it onto a plane? Answer:singer. And he shut down an Oklahoma City airport in the process.The grenade wasn't live -- thankfully -- but according to the police report, Coyne still accidentally packed it in his bag on November 10th and triggered an alarm at the TSA checkpoint at Will Rogers airport ... like a dumbass.Needless to say, TSA freaked ... and shut down the terminal while officers frantically tried to figure out how to handle the situation.And how's this for hilarious -- according to the police report, the TSA ran around like a chicken with its head cut off ... because it didn't have any "bomb guys" on duty. (Editor's note: isn't that the whole point of TSA?)According to reports, Coyne was flying to LAX to catch a preview of the new Flaming Lips musical "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots" -- and told police he was given the dead grenade at a party as a joke.Shocker, the grenade reportedly resulted in several missed flights ... and lots of wasted money -- but once TSA determined it was harmless, they let Coyne go.Coyne tweeted following the incident to make up for the SNAFU, writing, "Sorry Sorry Sorry!! Everyone that was inconvenienced by my grenade at OKC airport."Thanks to thelostogle.com for the pic.
Alberto Fernandez, vice-president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, and the coordinator CSCC from 2012 until 2015 says the change is mostly cosmetic. “It’s more of a matter of nuance…not that big. They’ve made it look big to bamboozle the media,” he said.
Someone, it seems, was listening. In March, President Barack Obama signed an executive order establishing the GEC, where Lumpkin is trying to build an entirely new model for countering extremist messaging: starting with prevention. Lumpkin wants the State Department to focus not on people who have already joined ISIS but people who may be vulnerable to recruitment. “Those on the battlefield, the coalition and DOD can take of it. What I’m focused on is people joining and trying to starve [ISIS] of recruits and to make sure that they understand the impacts on their families, the impacts on their livelihood and their life.”
Making that case requires more than just a Twitter or Facebook page but a detailed understanding of the target audience, people around the world who may be vulnerable to ISIS messaging. “Tip O’Neil said that all politics was local. All messaging is local, too. You have to look through the local lens,” Lumpkin said. “Daesh, in particular, they are not creating new audiences. They are going after highly vulnerable people who are susceptible to their messaging. What we have to do, whether it’s Daesh in Iraq and Syria, or someone desiring to be a foreign fighter, or it’s in Nigeria with Boko Haram is make sure that the message is tailored to the audience. That’s exactly what Daesh does. It tailors the message based on the audience.”
“We have a wide range of partners. We have nation-states standing up messaging centers, working with the Global Engagement Center. We’re working with them to make sure that they have the technical skills to do effective messaging. We’re working with non-governmental organizations … who work with these different audiences of susceptible populations.”
Poorly conceived or no, it’s one of many laws, like the 1974 Privacy Act, that shows up in daily discussions about what the center can and can’t do, sometimes to the chagrin and confusion of foreign partners. “It’s part of the conversations that we have with our partners around the globe so that they understand the challenges that we have.” After all, Facebook, Twitter, and even Telegram are global companies. Millions of people from around the world interact with one another. That’s the whole point. But that makes trying to influence some people but not others incredibly difficult. “We’ve been very transparent about the fact [that] this is hard,” says Lumpkin.
How will Lumpkin know his efforts have been successful? The most important metric for success is watching recruitment numbers for ISIS continue to drop. “Again, we’re not a stand alone panacea that will solve it. This is in conjunction with every other aspect of national power, it’s affecting situations on the battlespace, it’s the building partner capacity, when we see the Daesh brand as an organization, if it’s in trouble… people clearly recognize that Daesh is not the thing they made themselves out to be.”
“He was voted as having the hardest shot in the Western Conference by 45 players, management and broadcasters from the 10 clubs in the Western Conference of the WHL” his Hockey’s Future profile brags. “His best assets are his ability to make plays from the blue line and his patience and poise while in possession of the puck. Connauton has a smooth stride and good foot speed.”
The following set of documents make up that toolkit:
Scout's take: The resurgence of the Seminoles is directly tied to the wealth of talent Jimbo Fisher has assembled over the past few seasons. Florida State boasts elite prospects at every position, which makes Tallahassee a must-stop on the scouting road map.
Scout's take: The Tigers have routinely fed the NFL a host of defensive gems, but Les Miles has several offensive skill-position players set to make their mark in a few years. From the terrific receiving tandem of Beckham and Landry to an intriguing quarterback in Anthony Jennings, the Tigers have assembled a lineup that will provide a ton of talent on both sides of the ball.
Scout's take: Boyd, Watkins and Beasley are viewed as early-round possibilities around the NFL, but Crawford and Anthony are also on the radar of scouts looking for difference makers. Throw in some of the young, athletic playmakers on the perimeter and the Tigers will certainly have a number of their players make their way to the NFL in the near future.
Being made of tubular aluminium, the whole thing only weighs 480kg, including the battery pack. So despite the tiny power output, the C-Zen will still apparently make it to a limited top speed of 95kph (59mph) and has a range of 160km (99 miles) at a steady 50kph (31mph).
She demanded a law allowing Israel “to utilize all necessary force to resist any effort to arrest IDF [sic - Israeli military] officers accused of war crimes anywhere in the world. Foreign countries should be made to understand we mean business.”
These revelations should make journalists such Harriet Sherwood far more sceptical about taking Shurat HaDin’s claims to be “independent” at face value.
Perhaps most important was the influence of German realpolitik on writers and politicians in the United States. Whereas in Britain the term had been viewed mainly in a negative fashion, Americans saw things differently. During the First World War, journalist Walter Lippmann set out how the US could deploy self-interest and ‘robust liberal internationalism’ to reshape the global order in its own favour (130). This line of thinking came to influence Cold Warriors such as George Kennan – who famously outlined a policy of containment towards the Soviet Union – and Dean Acheson, Secretary of State under Harry Truman. Concurrently, the new discipline of international relations, and in particular the ‘realist’ school, made an impact on US foreign policy. Realists such as Hans Morgenthau, Reinhold Niebuhr and Kenneth Waltz were all prominent during this period. Bew describes how these thinkers shared some lineage with German realpolitik as well as significant differences. For instance, Waltz’s scientific realism – sometimes called structural or neo-realism – puts little emphasis on historical and cultural factors.
This will be enlightening for those of us who have tended to use terms such as ‘realpolitik’, ‘geopolitics’ and ‘realism’ interchangeably. In addition, many readers will most readily identify the concept with the policies of Henry Kissinger, as National Security Adviser and then Secretary of State under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. Although Kissinger rarely used the term himself, his grand strategy as well as his academic career were obviously linked to the tradition. A number of policies under Kissinger’s watch seemed to favour political contingency over human rights: for instance, backing authoritarian allies from General Pinochet in Chile to the Shah of Iran, as well as bombing North Vietnam to the negotiation table. Jimmy Carter’s emphasis on human rights was a reaction to the dark arts of the Kissinger years. Nevertheless, it is worth pointing out that the third ‘basket’ of the 1975 Helsinki Final Act was signed while Kissinger (however sceptical he may have been) was still in office and made provisions for human rights protections, a factor some have identified as a precursor for the people power in the communist bloc a decade later. In this respect, it was pure Rochau: a short-term compromise with one eye on a long-term ideal.
Now it's time to get FOs 29th ranked offense into gear and make a playoff push.
Being a leader in both the firearms and ammunition industry Remington knows how important it is to have the highest quality ammunition available to make your firearm perform to its fullest potential. This starts with using the best components possible to manufacture ammunition. These are the same primers Remington uses in the production of their own ammunition and performs to their highest standards. If you want the best possible out of your firearm you have to start with the best that’s why reloaders choose Remington components for their loads.
The common genes are involved in making fresh connections between brain cells in the motor cortex and those that control muscles used to make sounds.
"Without Galaxy Zoo, this object wouldn't have made it in our preliminary sample and we wouldn't have observed it at all," Veilleux said. "I was a bit skeptical of the concept at first, but the Galaxy Zoo has shown time and time again that it is a valuable resource for professional astronomers."
The halo emerged as a clear structure in Toy's visual observations using the Discovery Channel Telescope in the Coconino National Forest, about 40 miles southeast of Flagstaff, Ariz. The halo that was considered a possibility from galaxy surveys came into sharp focus as Toy took repeated images in early June, the last of four trips she made to the telescope last year.
The serialized films would be based on the "real life" killings that took place at the camp, which allows the series to reimagine Jason in a more grounded reality. Reportedly, the hockey masked Jason and a more serious backwoods inspired killer will make appearances on the series.
They all take advantage of one very significant and very salient fact—it’s in the very nature of some of the most traditional forms of pizza making that the pizza is supposed to be cooked very quickly. Not to restart the home-cooked pizza wars, but the basic shape of the story is that Neapolitan pizza cookery is a capital intensive business. You want good crust and good sauce, obviously, but you also need to cook it very fast in a very hot oven. So the whole situation is ideally set up for one in which a business owner places bulk orders of pizza ovens and then cooks personal-sized pizzas at a rapid pace. This is obviously somewhat different from the formats in which Americans have traditionally eaten pizza (delivery, slices) but it makes perfect sense. It’s also well-aligned with the fact that even though the best American pizza is still concentrated in the pizza belt where the Italian-American population is large, there’s been an enormous growth of interest in quality pizza all around the country over the past decade. People are ready for a pie that, while perhaps not ready to win any awards in New Haven, will be light-years ahead of what Dominoes and Papa Johns have to offer.
Note: I know I mentioned it above, but I wanted to make it clear that I was supplied a review unit for this article.
The actual device itself is about the same size and weight as a laptop mouse. The material it’s made out of doesn’t seem very fancy, but it does feel solid. For something that is going to live in my garage, I’m not concerned about it being pretty. I want it to last a long time. No-frills plastic will do just that.
I’ll be going through the Android app. You’ll also want to make sure that your Garadget is plugged in at this point. There’s no need to have it in your garage since we’re just going to get it linked to the app. Keep it alongside you for now.
I believe the proper term is reflective tag, but I really wanted to say Laser Tag. I recommend using some tape to add the reflective tag at first so you can make sure you have it lined up correctly before you permanently affix it to your garage door.
Once you’ve made it through everything, you’ll see Garadget listed in your SmartApps tab.
I’m also a little concerned about the laser. I thought it was really cool at first, but as I was pulling into my garage I started wondering where the laser was pointed. Was it going to blind me as I opened the door? I’ve decided to point the laser above my garage door. When my door is closed and on the ground, my Garadget has full line of view of the reflective tape. This makes it think the door is down. When my garage door is up on its tracks, the beam is broken. This makes the Garadget think my door is up. Utilizing this setup, I don’t have to be concerned the laser getting into someone’s eye.
While the industry frets about "lost sales," it has done very little to evolve from the bloated form it took on during the 40+ year run where multiple format shifts resulted in unprecedented sales figures. It's not just the corporate structure that's a problem. And this isn't to say labels haven't shed personnel over the years. It's just that they've been forced to make cuts due to falling revenue, rather than actively working to streamline their operations to fit the expectations of the internet age. Frontline staff and low-level employees have lost jobs but there are still many layers of employees distancing artists from those who own them.Then there are the lawyers. Some are there to ensure every last bit of revenue can be wrung out of an artist before any royalty checks are cut. Some are there to explore every possible legal angle that might be used to combat piracy The first sort have always been present. The latter still exist only because industry heads still hold out hope that file sharing can somehow be defeated with court orders and legislation.Albini says the first set are roughly as useless as the last.But youneed a contract if the "relationship" is actually just exploitation. This is why contracts are of utmost importance to the recording industry. Artists may initially show enthusiasm when offered a recording contract, but a few years down the road, they often find they're cranking out recordings just to avoid going deeper in debt. An equitable agreement -- like those used by Albini (who prefers a flat-rate fee for his production work, rather than seeking a cut of every sale or stream in perpetuity) -- doesn't need a multi-page contract or a team of lawyers. Honesty and openness up front can trim a lot of pages from an agreement... as well as the jobs of lawyers whose entire purpose is to ensure "agreements" are as long and inscrutable as possible.Lastly, Albini goes after copyright -- itself a legacy business model.Those arguing that stronger copyright protections will somehow "control" social sharing aren't grasping the reality of the situation. As it stands now, any copyright holder can demand $150,000 per infringement in statutory damages, and yet, that has had no appreciable effect on infringement. Just ask Rightscorp , which offers $20/infringement "settlements" while waving threats of $150,000 "fines" over internet subscribers' heads. It's in the business of spending money to lose money.The idea that lifetime+ copyright terms will put creators' grandkids through college is likewise suspect. Grandkids are going to college thanks to these terms, but they're the descendants of label execs and studio heads.The "control" offered by copyright is an illusion. The continued belief in this misconception allows labels to take advantage of artists. An artist may feel (incorrectly) that an individual can never hope to fully exploit his or her creations without the assistance of the marketing and legal teams of major labels, but they almost invariably have to give up full control of their creations to make use of these services. What good is their copyright then? It's not even. And the assistance they're receiving is charged up front at full retail and paid off with royalties -- a tiny percentage of actual sales and profit.As Albini points out, the way people enjoy music continues to change, and attempts to offer iterations of existing platforms and services is missing the point. People, for the most part, don't care about the quality of streaming music. They only care about the convenience. Albini notes that people carried around transistor radios to enjoy music on the go, something that offered truly terrible sound quality, but was no less popular for doing so. The way people consume and distribute creations will continue to change, but trying to harness that potential using contracts, outdated business models and delusions of control will never work.
William Webb Ellis was born in Salford, Lancashire, the younger of two surviving sons (the eldest, James, died aged three; the second son, Thomas, of Dunchurch, Warwickshire, was a surgeon) of James Ellis, a cornet in the 7th Dragoon Guards, in 1809 made a Lieutenant of the 3rd Dragoon Guards, joining them in Portugal,[3] and Ann, daughter of William Webb, a surgeon, of Alton, Hampshire, whom James married in Exeter in 1804. His paternal grandfather was from Pontyclun in South Wales, a descendant of the Ellis family of Kiddal Hall, just off the A64 near Potterton, West Riding of Yorkshire.[3]
“This is where I’m going,” Boehner personally told his fellow leaders when he made Obama the offer, a fresh blast of confidence.
Before running update.bat, make sure you have the stock version of Zune installed. There are 2 updates to install (not including update.bat's update). If you have a URI error, run update.bat from the command line.
The organization found that in neighborhoods around Damascus and Hama, widespread demolition had taken place in the past year and a half. The Syrian government said these demolitions were necessary to clear the areas of poorly built houses and make way for urban-planning and public-works projects. But according to the HRW review, all the demolished areas were either rebel strongholds or considered high-value targets for the military. And HRW says each demolition was carried out by military forces, and often right after fights with rebels.
And it doesn’t really make that much difference whether Trump is a “phony” who is pulling the wool over the GOP’s innocent eyes, as former presidential contender Mitt Romney asserted in his astonishingly harsh speech on Thursday, or whether Trump has simply exposed the dark subterranean streams of jingoism and prejudice and resentment of Jews that were there all along. If Trump is the Republican candidate, never mind if he’s elected president, Israel’s place in American politics and possibly around the world will be put in question. But if Romney’s scary portrayal of Trump is even half true, that should be the least of our worries.
And it’s not as if Trump is really anti-Israel; hardly. Like in most other complex policy issues on which he has spoken, Trump is mainly incoherent, improvising as he goes along, shooting from the lip, saying one thing one day and the opposite the next. He is “totally a friend” of Israel, Obama is “the most horrible president ever” for Israel, and the Iran deal is a joke. But Trump refuses to acknowledge United Jerusalem, wants to remain “neutral” so that he can broker a peace deal with the Palestinians, which is a challenge worthy of a master dealmaker like him. If he fails, he’s already made clear, Israel will be to blame.
If Trump becomes their candidate, the GOP will lose its most hawkish, most neoconservative and most pro-Israel secular elements as well. They are repelled not only by his indecipherable positions on Israel but also by his harsh criticism of George Bush and the Iraq War, his undisguised adulation of dictators for Vladimir Putin to Bashar Assad, his all round belligerence and his neo-isolationist vision of making America great again within its hermetically sealed walls. “As president, he would use the authority of his office to act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world” according to public letter signed by 50 GOP national security stalwarts, many of them known for their pro-Israel positions. “We commit ourselves to working energetically to prevent the election of someone so utterly unfitted to the office.”
The Jews will run away from Trump because he scares them. Because his demagoguery is ominous, his willingness to slash and burn anyone standing in his way is disturbing, his tendency to incite his supporters against other ethnic groups from rapist Mexicans to terrorist Muslims, is a source of deep anxiety. Beneath the great wave of popular support for Trump one can make out with increasing clarity the dark undercurrents of rage and resentment and xenophobia that is often seen morphing into White supremacism and abhorrence of African Americans and then, on the outskirts, bad old hatred of the Jews. The allusions to Germany in the 1930’s are absurd, no doubt, but nonetheless surfacing with ever-increasing frequency.
Trump’s dithering resistance to a clear and unequivocal condemnation of David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan set the alarm bells ringing. Add to that the disturbing incidents in which African Americans are brutally manhandled at Trump events, in some cases by American Nazis who laud Trump for “resisting Jewish money.” Grotesquely, that was the connection made this week between Duke, who hates Jews and blacks, and Louis Farrakhan, who loathes Jews and whites.
While checking out some news sites this morning, I found a story that will make you very happy you have the ability to drive to the Wally World, buy all the rods, reels, stink bait, and plastic worms your heart desires, then jump on your boat and use them. These things are not easy to come by in Cuba, and the government heavily regulates who can operate and own a boat due to illegal immigration. But one thing you can buy at three for a penny in Cuba is condoms. Turns out the Cubans have found many uses for them that go far beyond the bedroom.
1:04 p.m.: Chef Terri Lee of Great Performances is ready to make gazpacho for the crowd:
2:45 p.m.: The most frequent question is "how much does it cost?" Resource Furniture's products are made to order, but the kitchen in this unit runs about $16,000, including the appliances (half refrigerator, half freezer, convection oven, stovetop, and microwave). Fun fact: the actual appliances in the micro unit were made in Italy (along with the rest of the furniture) so they are configured for Italian voltage and power sockets and could never be hooked up here.
A violent, left-wing extremist group has defended a leading Islamic businessman’s claim Australian women need Muslim men to fertilise them, calling his critics ‘bigots’ and ‘racists’. Halal Certification Authority president Mohamed Elmouelhy told his Facebook followers Australia’s white race would die out within 40 years. He added that with Australian men a ‘dying breed’, local women needed Muslim men to ‘fertilise them’ and ‘keep them surrounded by Muslim babies’. Despite the outcry on social media last week, left-wing extremist group Antifa has described Mr Elmouelhy’s critics as ‘bigots’, even though he had called for ‘bigots’ to commit suicide. ‘Racists attacking Mohamed Elmouelhy – more Muslim babies is a good thing. Bigots,’ it said on Facebook. This is the same group which claimed responsibility in June for spraying conservative Sky News commentator Andrew Bolt with glitter at a book launch in Melbourne. Less than eight weeks later, they are weighing into more controversy by defending Mr Elmouelhy, who was commenting on Hebrew University in Jerusalem publishing research which showed sperm counts in men from Australia, New Zealand, North America and Europe had declined by more than 50 per cent in less than 40 years. ‘Your men are a dying breed, Australian women need us to fertilise them and keep them surrounded by Muslim babies while beer swilling, cigarette smoking, drug injecting can only dream of what Muslim men are capable of,’ he said. ‘Muslims have a duty to make your women happy.’ Mr Elmouelhy, who is the president of Halal Certification Authority, said Australia’s white race ‘will be extinct in another 40 years’ if the country is ‘left to bigots’. …
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
The Senate cut $100 million more from the operating budget than did the House, much of which came in a surprise $47 million cut to the per-student school funding called the "base student allocation" that was made Thursday by the Senate Finance Committee.
Sen. Bill Wielechowski, D-Anchorage, criticized not just the cuts but the manner in which they were made on Thursday.
When Sen Mike Dunleavy, R-Wasilla, earlier proposed the departmental cuts included in the budget, he said they'd managed to make cuts without reducing the per-student funding for districts.
Democrats proposed several cuts of their own, including the Commercial Fisheries Entry Commission, the Workers Compensation Appeals Commission, and to salaries of employees who make more than $200,000 per year at the Alaska Housing Finance Corp., but all were rejected. A single Democratic amendment, calling for a report on public employees who earn more than the governor, was approved.
It only takes a moment for his enthusiasm for this record to come through. “It’s the first time in my life where I’ve done a record where I’ve felt I don’t want to change a damn thing. It’s a great feeling”, he declares straight away. It’s clearly a step forward for Kruspe, taking his songwriting in a direction he is more comfortable with. “It’s more like a grown up record compared to the first album,” he says. “After the first record I was quite surprised how rocky it sounded, I always felt I was much darker and I kind of didn’t deliver that on the first record”. He’s also enjoying the chance to be the one to call the shots. “I just love to have the last say, that’s so different to Rammstein where everything is so democratic,” he laughs. “And I realised that being in the position with Emigrate where I know at the end of the day I can say yes or no, makes me a better team player. Makes me choose more for the music rather than the Rammstein world where you sometimes choose because of the ego.”
A critical element of the Emigrate project is Kruspe’s decision to add vocal duties to his guitar, songwriting and production roles. With Silent So Long he finally fells comfortable with his singing. “That’s a big difference too,” he states. “With the first record I was really trying to be a singer, which is different to being a singer. In the beginning it was very frustrating for me, I was so advanced in my writing but my voice was still a baby so I couldn’t really deliver what I was expecting. On the new record I was accepting the fact that I was going to be the singer and that made it so much easier.”
As well as giving him a chance to sing, Emigrate is also an opportunity for Kruspe to work with new people, and in new ways. “I felt something was missing in my world, and Emigrate got created out of that longing or frustration,” he says. “I always felt that Emigrate should be an open door, for people to come in and go out as they like to collaborate, which is totally the opposite of the Rammstein world which is really controlled and closed in a way.” For the new album there is no better example of this collaborative approach than the decision to bring in a host of guest singers. Marilyn Manson, Frank Delle, Jonathan Davis, Peaches and Lemmy all contribute. “In the beginning I was a little bit nervous about it, as a producer I had to step away from the project and make a record that has these people, but still sounds like an Emigrate record. That was not an easy task, but somehow we managed it. For me it was important to really bring the artists into the Emigrate world.”
For Kruspe, the track ‘Rock City’ with Lemmy was a perfect example of this approach paying off. The track started as an acoustic demo track that changed direction totally once the band started jamming on it in the rehearsal studios. As the track took shape as a fast paced rock number the decision was made to approach Lemmy about a possible lead vocal. “There are certain moments I’ll never forget,” says Kruspe. “I had heard he was really sick and I thought forget it. Then a couple of days later I got an email with no explanation, no comment, just his voice on the track and I was just like a little child jumping up and down on the bed, feeling like the best thing ever has just come together. You can hear if you really listen closely his voice is a little weak and shaky and that really fits the song. I wrote this huge email thanking him and saying what an honour it was to work with him and he just came back to me with “Alright”, that was it!” he laughs.
The eleven tracks that make up Silent So Long were selected from a pool of 21 completed and mixed tracks. Kruspe sees all of the tracks as being worthy of release, and in fact is already planning to use some or all of the remaining tracks as the basis for a third album. In deciding which tracks to select for this release he was strongly influenced by his background and love of music on vinyl. “I come from the world of vinyl, so for all my childhood I was listening to new records four, five, six times over,“ he explains. “I needed to go through it until I got it, not jump from track to track. So for me, the idea of selecting for a record is still in the idea of vinyl and a track list that works together. I know that now people just listen to one song, but that’s not how I work. People should have to listen to the whole record, to understand it. That’s how I chose the tracks. I wanted to capture a mood.”
For Kruspe, Emigrate is an outlet for his own passion, made possible because he is already a part of a successful band. He’s more than aware of the current industry difficulties, summed up recently by Gene Simmons’ controversial ‘Rock is dead’ comment. But he has his own views on where things currently stand and a still-positive outlook on where things might go from here. “I don’t think Rock will ever be dead because it’s a life statement for a lot of people, “ he declares. “But what I do realise is that the quality of records is very poor. I understand why, there’s no time, there’s no money, everything becomes a promotion tool. I said it a few years ago, people only f*ck themselves by stealing music. But I think also there is another movement coming, streaming will maybe save something. People are spending money on music at the moment, but it just has to go in the right direction. We need to go through that generation that wants to own music to the next generation that says ‘I don’t care, I just want to have it’. Then we’ll have another way of paying the artist, for people to get money again to invest in music. I wouldn’t say Rock’s dead, it’s just going through a really poor quality stage!” he jokes.
Having cut back on buying groceries in order to afford her rent and bills, and juggling 40 hours of overnight shifts a week, Jane went to bed on Friday after drinking a liter of water to stop hunger pains. She said she awoke two hours later, starving, so she made herself some rice — the only food she could afford. "While cooking the rice, I suddenly became aware that this wasn't the first time this had happened," she said.
Hungry, tired, and struggling to make ends meet, she began tweeting at Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman. .@jeremys please let me earn a living wage. I promise I'll watch all your vlogs. just let me be able to pay my rent.
The post, which has been shared across the tech world on Twitter and been viewed more than 85,000 people, goes into detail about Jane's struggles making ends meet. Here are some excerpts: So here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn't involve crying in the bathtub every week. Every single one of my coworkers is struggling. They're taking side jobs, they're living at home. One of them started a GoFundMe because she couldn't pay her rent. She ended up leaving the company and moving east, somewhere the minimum wage could double as a living wage. Another wrote on those neat whiteboards we've got on every floor begging for help because he was bound to be homeless in two weeks. Fortunately, someone helped him out. At least, I think they did. I actually haven't seen him in the past few months. Do you think he's okay? Another guy who got hired, and ultimately let go, was undoubtedly homeless. He brought a big bag with him and stocked up on all those snacks you make sure are on every floor... By and large, our floor pummels through those snacks the fastest and has to roam other floors to find something to eat. Is it because we're gluttons? Maybe. If you starve a pack of wolves and toss them a single steak, will they rip each other to shreds fighting over it? Definitely.
Calderón served with the Spanish army in Italy and Flanders between 1625 and 1635. By the time Lope de Vega died in 1635, Calderón was recognized as the foremost Spanish dramatist of the age. Calderón had also gained considerable favour in the court, and in 1636–1637 he was made a knight of the Order of Santiago by Philip IV, who had already commissioned from him a series of spectacular plays for the royal theatre in the newly built Buen Retiro palace. On 28 May 1640 he joined a company of mounted cuirassiers recently raised by Gaspar de Guzmán, Count-Duke of Olivares, took part in the Catalan campaign, and distinguished himself by his gallantry at Tarragona. His health failing, Calderón retired from the army in November 1642, and three years later was awarded a special military pension in recognition of his services in the field.
Calderón's biography during the next few years is obscure. His brother, Diego Calderón, died in 1647. A son, Pedro José, was born to Calderón and an unknown woman between 1647 and 1649; the mother died soon after. Calderón committed his son to the care of his nephew, José, son of Diego. Perhaps for reasons relating to these personal trials, Calderón became a tertiary of the order of St Francis in 1650, and then finally joined the priesthood. He was ordained in 1651, and became a priest at San Salvador church, in Madrid. According to a statement he made a year or two later, he decided to give up writing secular dramas for the commercial theatres.
As Goethe notes, Calderón tended to write his plays taking special care of their dramatic structure. He therefore usually reduced the number of scenes in his plays as compared to those of Lope de Vega, so as to avoid any superfluity and present only those scenes essential to the play, also reducing the number of different metres in his plays for the sake of gaining a greater stylistic uniformity. Although his poetry and plays leaned towards culteranismo, he usually reduced the level and obscurity of that style by avoiding metaphors and references away from those that uneducated viewers could understand. However, he had a liking for symbolism, for example making a fall from a horse a metaphor of a fall into disgrace, the fall representing dishonour; the use of horoscopes or prophecies at the start of the play as a way of making false predictions about the following to occur, symbolizing the utter uncertainty of future. In addition, probably influenced by Cervantes, Calderón realized that any play was but fiction, and that the structure of the baroque play was entirely artificial. He therefore sometimes makes use of meta-theatrical techniques such as making his characters read in a jocose manner the clichés the author is using, and they are thus forced to follow. Some of the most common themes of his plays were heavily influenced by his Jesuit education. For example, as a reader of Saint Thomas Aquinas and Francisco Suárez, he liked to confront reason against the passions, intellect against instinct, or understanding against will. In common with many writers from the Spanish Golden Age, his plays usually show his vital pessimism, that is only softened by his rationalism and his faith in God; the anguish and distress usually found his œuvre is better exemplified in one of his most famous plays, La Vida es sueño (Life Is a Dream), in which Segismundo claims:
Corrections have been made to biographical information using
"It turns out that our real problem isn't that there aren't enough reactors to make medical isotopes," Atcher told CTV on Tuesday.
"So, for example, the reactor in the Netherlands is scheduled to go down in July, and with Chalk River offline, we won't be able to make up for that reactor not producing as well."
It said it has authorized Lantheus Medical Imaging of Boston, Mass. to use Moly-99 produced by the Open Pool Australian Light-water (OPAL) reactor to make Tc-99m for Canadian health care facilities.
It was Syriza’s commitment to opposing austerity while remaining in the euro at all costs that led to capitulation. What helped win the election became a fatal handicap in office, as Tsipras resisted pressure even to make contingency plans for Grexit. That would have strengthened his negotiating hand, as well as giving Greece the option of escaping indefinite economic depression.
While it has benefited German capital, 16 years of the euro have delivered flat wages to German workers and stagnant growth and productivity to countries such as Italy. This week has made a mockery of monetary union as a path to a united democratic Europe and opened the way for the eurozone’s breakup.
"I apologise to journalists for agreeing with the police department to make them wear the vests. This was apparently nothing more than a trap," Momani said.
Luckily, around that same time a dear friend invited me to a Bible study at her house. I was beyond reluctant, but I went anyway – probably because someone promised brownies. The people in that group never made me feel like a dumbass for my Bible-idiocy. Like, I practically lost my nut when someone pointed out that the Bible had a Table of Contents, right there in front (Who knew?!), but nobody acted like I was a moron for not knowing that. That group would continue to walk with me, slowly and carefully, through the pages of the Bible for years to come. They became the friends who would guide me past the weird stuff I’d gotten hung up on in my first foray and on to other themes, good stuff, like Grace and Mercy and Hope. It was with that same group of spiritual caretakers that I would first read through the Gospels, hear from James and Paul, and learn the plight of the early church. And from those fellow lovers of Jesus, I would come to understand the Bible as one whole story, with its greatest message being the sum of its parts… even the weird parts.
For me, understanding the Bible is a process. I had to learn to give it time to sink in. I had to soak it up. I had to wrestle with it for a long while before any of it made any sense at all. But I find that the more time I spend with it, the more of it I am able to take on. I don’t always get it. I still close it sometimes to push it across the table and scratch my head in confusion. But, for me, one thing is certain; Having a Savior isn’t just an idea that I carry in my head anymore, it has become a Truth which has penetrated my very flesh and bone, it beats in time with my heart, whispers in my breath, and stirs my soul…
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
But Henry, a parent of who did not want to provide his last name, said the policy could allow young children to make decisions that they will later regret.
*** Shake it up: By selecting Paul Ryan as his running mate on Saturday, Mitt Romney did something that Walter Mondale, Bob Dole, Al Gore, and John McCain did in previous presidential contests: They used their VP pick to try to shake things up. Trailing in the summer, they chose a running mate -- be it Geraldine Ferraro, Jack Kemp, Joe Lieberman, or Sarah Palin -- to change the fundamentals of the race. These picks all worked in the short run, but only once (with Lieberman) did it serve its purpose for the rest of the campaign. (Gore, after all, was able to battle back to where he actually won the popular vote.) So how will this play out for Romney? By picking Ryan, he made the calculation that he needed to pick someone to help redefine himself, first and foremost. The move also serves to fire up conservatives, give the GOP ticket a jolt of youthful energy, and make the case he now stands for something big. But it also wasn’t the kind of VP selection we saw from George W. Bush in 2000 or Barack Obama in 2008 that essentially said: “I’ve got this thing.” Instead, by picking Ryan, Romney said: “I need some help.”
*** Which party is more comfortable debating Ryan and his plan? Here’s another question to ponder: By picking Ryan, are Romney and the Republicans playing on their turf? Or on the Democrats’ turf? On the one hand, the Romney-Ryan ticket will double down on the argument that Obama and the Democrats have failed when it comes to the deficit/debt. After all, the deficit was $1.4 trillion in FY ’09; $1.3 trillion in ’10; $1.5 trillion in ’11 (projected); and $1.1 trillion in ’12 (projected). On the other hand, Obama and the Democrats have been DYING to turn the presidential contest into a race against House Republicans. And guess what: Romney just selected a House Republican to be his running mate. As one of us wrote over the weekend, Obama has already delivered three big speeches in the past two years taking aim at House Republicans and the Ryan budget. “It’s a vision that says if our roads crumble and our bridges collapse, we can’t afford to fix them,” Obama said during his April 2011 speech at George Washington University. “If there are bright young Americans who have the drive and the will but not the money to go to college, we can’t afford to send them… It’s a vision that says America can’t afford to keep the promise we’ve made to care for our seniors.” Obama’s other two speeches were in Kansas (in Dec. 2011) and at the AP luncheon (in April 2012).
*** The battle over Florida: In fact, Romney today campaigns in Florida. And he’s being greeted by headlines like this one from the Miami Herald: “Ryan could be a drag on Romney in Florida.” It is possible for Romney to get to 270 electoral votes without Florida -- but it’s extremely unlikely. If Obama were to win Florida, Romney would need to win CO, IA, NV, NH, NC VA, and WI. In other words, he’d have to run the table. By the way, we can report that according to a Romney-Ryan campaign source, Ryan will make his first visit to Florida next weekend.
It’s also clear that the lessons learned from the Tatt-C project are being used to refine future research and tattoo recognition technology. Following the Tatt-C project, NIST released training materials for law enforcement that explained how camera framing and lighting can make tattoos more easily recognizable by algorithms. Researchers further recommended that an even larger dataset—more than 100,000 images—be compiled for distribution to third-party researchers.
If you ask a web introvert why he or she isn’t into social networks, the response often comes down to a matter of trust – or rather, a lack of it. It’s frustrating enough that each social network has its own etiquette to master, but many people are loathe to make the effort because of the unpleasant reality that there is no such thing as privacy on the web.
For extroverts, this is all just part of navigating the social web. But enough people are uncomfortable with social networks that it’s going to become a barrier to growth in the coming years. For now, Facebook’s growth is continuing simply because there are more and more extroverts signing up. And Twitter is still in the stage of experimenting with ways to make money.
Building upon the National Big Data Research and Development Initiative announced in 2012, the awards are made through the Big Data Regional Innovation Hubs (BD Hubs) program, which creates a new framework for multi-sector collaborations among academia, industry and government.
The second webinar will be held in conjunction with the National Data Science Organizer's Workshop. It will discuss the role of BD Hubs in engaging with grassroots data science organizations, such as Meetup groups and non-profits--as well as other data science consortia--as they help the U.S. make the most of the opportunities afforded by big data.
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.
The teen made the awful discovery after a trip to Sobeys with her dad — Bhupinderpal Gill — for flowers and cake to celebrate her parents’ wedding anniversary.
"Shiiinkii~♥ Look up, a mistletoe~ You know what that means, right~?""Mima, what in the word-""You know, as the tradition goes, if two people stand under a mistletoe, they should kiss.""What- wait M-Mima let go--!""It's tradition, Shinki~ As a goddess, you should respect traditions, right~♥? (that's actually a lie)""N-no, let go, LET GO-""You seem to have fun, don't you. Is it alright for a Miko to just let a goddess from another world and an evil spirit make out in front of the shrine?"It's fine, it's fine~ As long as I don't find my sheets all wet next morning, they can do whatever they want.""You sure take it easy, eh...""L-Lady Shinki...."---.....IDK. Something ridiculous I just thought up, lol. Dedicated to , because I can ♥ *shot* Early Merry Christmas, ILU, Mew-chan~Mima, Shinki, Hakurei Reimu, Kazami Yuka, Yumeko (Touhou Project) (c) ZUN
The Democratic presidential hopeful made ever-so-tiny gains with the college crowd during Thursday night’s Democratic candidate debate — but still lags well behind her opponent, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders among millennials, according to data released by Yik Yak.
In what were his first comments on the scandal since he made the accusations in a series of tweets on March 4, the president told Fox News he expected "some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks".
This year Morabity, 30, will be sponsored by Essoulami Rahal Abdelouahed, who owns a Moroccan catering business. Morabity and three other top Moroccan runners make up what is called the Rahal Groupe.
First shown at the 2007 SEMA show as part of the launch of the then-new Volvo XC70, the Surf Rescue took the standard car and cranked it up- literally. The XC70 Surf Rescue is lifted a few inches over stock and equipped with some of the first diamond-cut wheels Volvo’s ever produced. The bright, primary color scheme, too, makes the Surf Rescue exactly the kind of vehicle you’d picture Miami’s South Beach lifeguards cruising around in.
Las Vegas, NV (October 30, 2007) – It’s only fitting that a SEMA concept car from Volvo be focused on safety. It’s a natural fit. Yet 2007 marks the first year that Volvo has built a SEMA vehicle with a specific safety theme: enter the Volvo XC70 Surf Rescue (SR). Inspired by the surf rescue vehicles rolling up and down the Southern California beaches, the XC70 SR embodies Volvo’s core value of protecting life in a bold and eye-catching concept that will make its world debut at this year’s Specialty Equipment Market Association tradeshow.
Critics said the money spent in design work and environmental reviews in the coming years will be wasted, because it already is clear that the project makes no economic sense.
So far America’s response to Russia has been pathetically weak. The strongest thing we have done is transfer 12 aging F-16 fighter jets to Poland to make the Poles feel safer. There is a reason for such great weakness. If you understand that reason, you will understand why America will not stop Russia. And you will understand why America’s superpower days are a thing of the past.
First, as authorized by the executive order I signed two weeks ago, we are imposing sanctions on specific individuals responsible for undermining the sovereignty, territorial integrity and government of Ukraine. … Second, I have signed a new executive order that expands the scope of our sanctions. As an initial step, I’m authorizing sanctions on Russian officials—entities operating in the arms sector in Russia and individuals who provide material support to senior officials of the Russian government. And if Russia continues to interfere in Ukraine, we stand ready to impose further sanctions. Third, we’re continuing our close consultations with our European partners …. Fourth, we’ll continue to make clear to Russia that further provocations will achieve nothing except to further isolate Russia and diminish its place in the world. …
Consider. Points three and four (you can read them in their entirety here) are absolute drivel without substance—filler to make the speech last longer than two minutes. Enough said.
How about an announcement that America is going to open up Alaska for oil drilling, that it is considering expanding the use of fracking, that it would fast-track natural gas exports, and that it would begin releasing more oil from the strategic oil reserve? Just the announcements would make the price of oil and natural gas plunge.
In contrast, how many Ukraine supporters in Crimea will lose everything? What about the Tatars who make up 15 percent of the population and refused to vote in the referendum because they remember what happened to them the last time Ukraine was part of Russia?
On March 4, Russian presidential adviser Sergei Glazyev made offhanded comments suggesting that if the U.S. took real action against Moscow, it would hurt America’s economy as much as Russia’s.
In its March report, the Bank for International Settlements noted that Americans owe 58 percent of total world debt—a whopping $58 trillion worth. Meanwhile, America’s gdp only makes up less than a quarter of the world’s total economy.
All that debt has allowed America to live like a king, but now it is making it a slave to the world. More importantly, because America has turned from the God that made it great, it is no longer receiving the blessings that naturally result from keeping God’s commandments. Blessings like lasting prosperity and geopolitical strength. We are not free from fear because our precarious debt load means our enemies can threaten to destroy the dollar and cripple our economy.
I woke up to hear the faint, pounding screaming of the Phillidelphia neo-crust act Soothsayer, echoing from the Stable, all the way to our camp. Not too far from me, a guy named Walter had cooked up a makeshift stew out of everyone else’s leftovers, and was inviting everyone around to help themselves. It was a pleasant surprise to all the folks who had just made the unpleasant discovery that the state of Indiana doesn’t allow the sale of alcohol on Sundays. So much for the separation of church and state.
The penultimate act of the night was The Wild, a group I’d always seen as more of a folk-rock group than a punk act, but, boy, did their set make me realize my mistake. The songs that I’d always found soothing when listening on speakers and headphones, were suddenly loud and pounding, whipping the audience into an absolute frenzy. At one point, Jeff Rosenstock hopped back on the stage, seemingly out of nowhere, to join Witt on the mic, before diving into the crowd. Near the end of their show, they subtly revealed that this would, in fact, be their second to last show. Still, this little shock wasn’t enough to taper the audiences sheer adoration as they closed with “Set Ourselves Free”, giving everyone something very strong to remember them by.
The final show of the night was, in all likelihood, the the main reason quite a few people came. It was, after all, not only Ramshackle Glory’s final show, but also Pat the Bunny’s final performance before quitting punk entirely. Over the course of the day, the people around me had been speculating how the set might go down. At one point, someone joked “maybe his heart is actually going to explode,” a reference to a line in “From Here To Utopia” that made us laugh, albeit somewhat nervously.
On the second day of the festival, I had actually, by chance, run into Pat hanging out near the Barn. I asked if he would be interested in doing some kind of final interview, either before or after his final show, and he firmly declined. That’s not to say he was unfriendly- he was more than happy to chat with me for a while about music, spirituality, and Russian history; he even introduced me to his dad who, by a bizarre coincidence, grew up in the same small Minnesotan town as my mom- however he made it very clear that he didn’t want to give any on the record assessments about punk rock or anarchism. He honestly just seemed like he had moved on from thinking and talking about those two subjects.
Of course, that intensity was just a tiny sample of what was to come; next, they played “From Here to Utopia”. This may be one of my favorite songs of all time, and I don’t know whether it was the faster tempo brought by the drum set, the mandolin-esque twang that the guitars seemed to pick up when they played the keyboard section, or the constant chirping of the brass section, but they managed to make it pulse with an energy that felt living and tangible. The trumpeters managed to breathe creative little flourishes into small moments of the song, bringing about the sensibilities of a Dixieland marching band. Meanwhile, every time the song reached a point where Pat screamed his lyrics, I swear the volume of his mic and the crowd were at equal levels. I found myself so caught up in the moment, I thought it would be a good idea to try and photograph the band while in the process of jumping off the stage and crowd surfing (hence the sweat covered photo at the top of the page).
Then they announced that the next song would be their last, and people started calling out desperate pleas for the song that mattered most to them. Someone shouted “play a Johnny Hobo song” and was promptly booed by seemingly the entire audience. The band proceeded to play “Time to Wake Up”, a song from one of Pat’s solo projects. At first, the song choice felt like an anti-climax, something subdued and a little more obscure. But as they played, something strange happened. People started crowd surfing, but not in the usual cannonball kind of way; instead, they would lean off the stage and float across the audience like a pilgrim across the dead sea. Even Charlie Schneeweis fell into the crowd, a huge grin across his face as he slowly glided across the barn. When the song reached its climax, everyone chanted the chorus with pat, singing “please wake up now, the world really needs you, desperately/ please cheer up now, we’ve been waiting for you, all your life,” before the entire band chimed in, creating a cacophony of pure serenity. I looked and, to the left of me, saw two lovers were hugging each other tightly. To my right, a man was breaking down into tears. Then, as one of the crowd surfers drifted close, and we all reached out to make their weight feel like nothing, I realized that past all the sweat stinging my eyes, I might have been crying too. But thank god that wasn’t actually the end.
Luckey also thinks about the future of virtual reality. Not so much the next steps: “Higher resolution, lighter weight, lower cost – those are just really obvious.” He’s excited by facial recognition, eye-tracking or the ability to make virtual scans of your immediate environment.
Luckey downplays that aspect of the book. He’s spoken to Cline, he says, as well as other science-fiction authors. He doesn’t think their books were intended as predictions. “The reality is that when people make dystopian worlds based on VR, whether it's Ready Player One, or Snow Crash or The Matrix, the honest truth is, they’re trying to tell a good story, and a good story has conflict.”
“Nobody really wants to make a story about VR,” he continues, “where the plot is that virtual reality comes around, changes the world, makes it a better place and everything kind of goes on as it is but better, because that’s not an interesting story to tell.”
Is Luckey ready for the wars to come? “Well, I think we have to be!” he says. “The platform wars are of course inevitable.” But, he adds, “I want good VR to exist, I want to use it for all the things I've always wanted to use it for. Making the best VR platform is certainly an end to that, but my goal at the end of the day is not to go to bed and then wake up to win a platform war. It's to wake up and go make VR incredible.”
“The point of using forfeiture is that it’s a law enforcement tool for deterrence," Sean D. McMurtry, head of the Prosecutor’s Office Forfeiture Unit, said in an interview last week. “We’re not out to make money on this.’’
Once used mainly to take cash made from illegal drug sales from busted dealers, the practice is getting wider play in police departments across the country, including in Mercer County, where car seizures alone have risen 38 percent since 2007.
McMurtry is an expert on the topic and was the featured speaker in a law enforcement training video made three years ago for Garden State Continuing Legal Education, a Lawrence-based law enforcement training company.
Last year, the county made $440,832.53 from the sale of seized property, giving $234,604.57 to local municipalities, according to the annual reports.
While Mike Davis has gained a meager 3.3 yards per attempt on his 58 carries this season, he has flashed the ability to make plays in this offense. During the Seattle Seahawks’ victory over the Dallas Cowboys, Davis gained 25 yards on 15 carries. Even though this number is certainly not impressive, he did this behind some very hit-or-miss blocking by his offensive line. For this breakdown, I want to highlight some of his plays to show you some of the impressive things he did on tape and how he will continue to gain more snaps versus the Arizona Cardinals.
Davis’ sixth and seventh runs were his two best runs of the game in my opinion. They both featured elements of busted blocking by the offensive line in which Davis made an initial move to create more yards than what his offensive line gave him. I truthfully have not been that impressed by Davis’ initial lateral quickness, but I definitely admit that these plays had me reconsider as I was watching this game.
I believe the answers are “yes” and “yes.” Because President Trump uses @realDonaldTrump for official business, and because President Trump allows (arguably, invites) replies on his tweets, he has made his Twitter timeline into a limited public forum. As such, the First Amendment applies. He can potentially impose content restrictions, but he can’t impose viewpoint restrictions.
It’s easy to apply this analysis to the @realDonaldTrump account. As noted above, President Trump regularly uses it for official business – indeed, it’s hard to find any personal tweets at all these days. Moreover, his bio says he is “45th President of the United States of America,” and, at the moment, his cover photo is a picture of him sitting at the Resolute desk in the Oval Office while conducting official business. (This isn’t the first time the White House has made this mistake. President Trump’s social media director(!) previously got in hot water for making his personal account appear like an official account and then advocating voters choose a particular candidate.)
The Court is not required to determine whether any use of social media by an elected official creates a limited public forum, although the answer to that question is undoubtedly “no.” Rather, the issue before the Court is whether a specific government policy, applied to a specific government website, can create a “metaphysical” limited public forum for First Amendment purposes. See Rosenberger v. Rector, 515 U.S. at 830, 115 S.Ct. 2510. That answer to that narrower question is undoubtedly “yes.” “Limited public forums are characterized by ‘purposeful government action’ intended to make the forum ‘generally available’ ” for certain kinds of speech. Child Evangelism Fellowship of S.C. v. Anderson Sch. Dist. Five, 470 F.3d 1062, 1067 (4th Cir. 2006) (quoting Goulart v. Meadows, 345 F.3d 239, 250 (4th Cir. 2003)). At the time of the events giving rise to this suit, the County maintained a Policy stating that “the purpose of Loudoun County social media sites is to present matters of public interest in Loudoun County.” Compl. Exh. 11 [Dkt. 1–11]. The Policy provided that visitors were “encourage[d] to submit questions, comments and concerns,” but that “the county reserve[d] the right to delete submissions” that violated enumerated rules, such as comments that include “vulgar language” or “spam.” Id. Such a policy evinces the County’s purposeful choice to open its social media websites to those wishing to post “questions, comments and concerns” within certain limits. … A “metaphysical” forum created by a government policy like the County’s social media policy, see Rosenberger v. Rector & Visitors of Univ. of Virginia, 515 U.S. 819, 830, 115 S.Ct. 2510, 132 L.Ed.2d 700 (1995), is subject to the same First Amendment analysis regardless of whether that policy is applied to online speech. See Liverman, 844 F.3d at 407 (“What matters to the First Amendment analysis is not only the medium of the speech, but the scope and content of the restriction.”).
Despite the disappointment of a torn ACL and with months of tedious rehab awaiting, Oregon offensive tackle Tyler Johnstone took it all in stride. Friends made sure the person who lives for lazy afternoons wasn’t in danger of going stir-crazy by loading him up with fun projects while he began his recovery.
The next day, everyone was crowded around Dr. Gregory Skaggs’ computer. All of the futuristic equipment and decor in the training center make for a dark, sterile setting, fitting for delivering bad news. Despite the mural of an Oregon basketball player plastered across the only non-glass wall, the most notable green or yellow item in Skaggs’ workspace is a Brett Favre bobblehead.
The next few minutes were a blur of tears and emotions for Johnstone, who had bolted from the room -- as fast as one can without a right ACL. He didn’t make it far before Bernardi chased him down and gave his protege a shoulder to cry on. Once Johnstone gathered himself some, he and head coach Mark Helfrich called Johnstone’s parents, then Greatwood gathered Grasu and Fisher so they could tell the rest of the group.
As word spread within the football complex, Yruretagoyena made sure his best friend wouldn’t have to wait alone while the rest of the team finished their workouts. Laing was on the University campus when she got a phone call that made it clear to her she needed to get across the river without going into specifics.
This method is easier and safer for amateur beekeepers, but it is also a much less stressful method of honey collection for bees. Excess stress on bee colonies can make them more vulnerable to disease. The simple hive can also help attract more small-scale hobby beekeepers instead of large-scale commercial apiaries. Independent hives can boost local crop fertilization and improve genetic diversity of bees by reducing the chance of mites or viruses spreading between colonies in close proximity.
In The Gambia, an organization called BEECause is working to reverse the decline of bee populations. BEECause has trained hundreds of people to keep bees and make beeswax products, and their Bees for Trees program establishes self-supporting bee reserves in community-managed sustainable forests.
The European Union has made sweeping changes to protect bees from toxic insecticides. In 2012, the European Food Safety Authority assessed the effects of several neonicotinoids on bee populations. They subsequently banned the use these pesticides in agriculture.
Plant native species. Pollinators have evolved alongside native plants, so they are best adapted to feed on these species. Non-native plants often don’t have enough nectar or pollen. As an added bonus, native plants typically require less water, so they are easier for gardeners to maintain. When choosing species, opt for a diverse selection of plants with different flowering times so that flowers are blooming throughout the growing season, rather than all at once. Consult native plant guides in your region to determine which plant species attract certain types of pollinators. Avoid the use of chemicals. Many pesticides, herbicides, and fungicides are harmful to pollinator species. Use compost as a natural fertilizer, weed by hand, and look for non-chemical treatment methods to take care of pest infestations. Provide a welcoming environment. When planting your garden, arrange each species in large patches so that pollinators can forage more efficiently. Avoid the use of weed cloth or heavy mulch, as many native bee species nest underground. Provide habitat for pollinators by making piles of branches to attach chrysalises or cocoons. Leave stumps, rotting logs, and fallen organic material for nesting bees. Let dead or dying trees remain standing for woodpeckers. Educate your community. Share what you know about pollinator health and encourage schools, businesses, and public parks to make their green spaces pollinator-friendly.
The bookshop’s Instagram account has already garnered the attention of over 23,000 followers, and you’re about to understand why. The pics are not just quick snaps, they’re executed so painstakingly well, that we had to double check if it’s not Photoshopped. The cool bit is that you can easily do the same at home. And if you do try it out, make sure to share the results in the comments! More info: instagram (h/t)
As the U.N. human rights council’s expert on albinism and an albino herself, Ikponwosa Ero reported last year that albinos are targeted because of a superstitious belief that their body parts “can increase wealth, make businesses prosper, or facilitate employment.” In addition, there is a driving economic motivation.
For the past 13 years, I have been fortunate to be a full-time musician. Since the time of our daughter’s birth in 2003, I was at home with her during the day and working at night. Three years before my marriage ended, my wife and I agreed to switch roles. In order to make this arrangement work, I was extremely ambitious and found a way to work a 9-5 job as well as teach, perform in an Off-Broadway show and perform in weddings and corporate events. I paid all the bills while she took care of our daughter.
I must acknowledge one piece of the puzzle that gave me a slight advantage that no one has today. At the time of my lawsuit, New York was the last state who hadn’t adopted no-fault laws. This gave me leverage that no one can use in court today. Now, everyone is at the mercy of their spouse and can’t contest their divorce. In fact, most people have no idea that your spouse can file for divorce for any reason and not have to prove why they want out of the marriage. This is a real disadvantage for the monied spouse in my state because the custodial parent gains an advantage with the child support guidelines. The spouse who makes more money is ordered to pay the non-custodial parent.
After 11 months in and out of court, we agreed that my parenting time would take place during the day; hers at night and that no one would pay child support. I wouldn’t have it any other way. I walked out of the courtroom secure in the knowledge that I could financially support our two children in a way that made much more sense to me. I did not succumb to the societal pressure to pay an ex-wife, child or spousal support because men have historically done so.
Today it seems that many women intentionally abuse a system that was set up in the 1950’s and 1960’s to assist with the necessary expenses of child rearing for children that both parents gave consent to have. Now that women have joined the workforce in unprecedented numbers–and birth control frees them from the constraints they were otherwise under–it makes little sense to keep men stuck back in an era that has long passed. Women don’t want to go back to that era-men don’t either. If times have progressed for women, why are men forced to stay in the past?
While “Can’t Call It” clocks in at just over six minutes, a few minutes short of the nine we were teased with from EarthGang's interview, it’s a welcome expansion on “Jermaine’s Interlude.” Bas does indeed make a fantastic appearance, and the entire track is a showcase of everything that makes the Spillage Village collective a force to be reckoned with.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
"As things changed dramatically in the presidential race, 'Walker for America' incurred a campaign debt and it is my hope that you and all of our supporters will chip in and make an online contribution of $10, $35, $50, $100, $250, or more so we can end this campaign in the black," Walker wrote in a fundraising email sent this week. "It is a lot to ask, I know, but we feel personally obligated to make sure that every small business that extended us their good faith and credit is repaid."
Walker will also make appearances on Monday with two 2016 hopefuls, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio. Walker is scheduled to join Bush at a charter school event at La Casa de Esperanza in Waukesha, and attend a campaign fundraiser Rubio is doing for Assembly Speaker Robin Vos (R-Rochester).
So here is Shawna’s tale. She is on the Registry for life. Does this make any of us feel safer?
I have all the backing from my probation officer and therapist to try and get off probation and registry. However due to my felony it is hard to find any job where I would make the amount of money I need to go back to court.
If anyone thought that Megyn Kelly’s move to NBC made her more progressive or was a sign of a change of heart on her politics, they need to get a load of this.
Saraiya also delved into Kelly’s troubling past that is littered with plenty of racist statements regarding black people. She pointed to a Slate article that described Kelly as a racist demagogue. That piece referred back to this face-palm worthy comment Kelly made in response to Slate’s “Santa Claus Should Not Be a White Man Anymore” piece.
Now a group of 11 writers, printmakers, poets, wilderness enthusiasts, Thoreau devotees and fellow travelers is trying to correct what they say is a historic oversight. On Sept. 26, they made the trek to the summit of the unnamed mountain for a minor act of civil disobedience: a ceremony to name it for Thoreau.
After a tumultuous couple of years, Kvyat, a 23-year-old Russian, lost his Formula 1 ride not only at Toro Rosso, but in the entire Red Bull program. Kvyat has made 72 starts in Formula 1. He has zero wins and just two podium finishes.
These two concepts are based off of synchronized zone blocking to the play-side (direction of the run), which feature the running back flowing and reading his given keys. In inside zone, the running back is to read the outside hip of the guard and make a cut to the backside alley that is created by undisciplined defenders, while on the outside zone concept, the runner often targets the outside hip of the offensive tackle and either continues to run on the front-side of the play or makes a cutback.
From the start, ethereum developers had planned two hard forks, as the attacker had been taking advantage of a variety of attack vectors. The first aimed to increase the price of certain opcodes that the attacker was successfully abusing to make it harder for him or her to slow down the network. The second hard fork was expected to remove empty accounts the attacker created to bloat the blockchain.
Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin suggested he believes the two attacks can be thwarted with the second technical upgrade. “A successful hard fork round two would resolve this for the short and medium term as it would make the state possible to put in memory again,” he explained.
The real Glass, however, made much of his journey in late summer. And he had no Pawnee wife. Even the liver is not a sure thing.
On they pressed, away from these man-eating tribes and Lafitte's band of murderers and toward Comanche, Kiowa and Osage, the former two scary, the latter really scary (the Osage eschewed scalping in favor of decapitation). When Glass and his pal ultimately were captured, 1,000 miles after emerging from the water, it was by Pawnee, which should have provided a measure of relief. Alas, the Loup branch of the Pawnee regularly offered human sacrifices to the god of the morning star — usually young girls from the village. But an exception was made for a couple guys who represented the vanguard of an invading, land-grabbing, genocidal force.
The grizzly fell, dead either by Glass' shot or by those fired by two hunters who had heard the commotion. Fellow trappers bound Glass' wounds as best they could, using sweaty, soiled pieces of fabric ripped from their shirts. The next morning, having abandoned their boat, the group marched on, carrying Glass on a litter made from branches.
Glass kept walking. After many weeks, he joined six French traders at Fort Kiowa, who he thought might drop him off near Fort Tilton, where he suspected the rifle thieves would be. After six weeks he parted ways with the Frenchmen. Just a mile later, they were butchered by Ree. Some Ree spotted Glass and gave chase, but a Mandan on horseback swept in, pulled him aboard and took him to his village. Mandans generally didn't like Ree. The Mandan villagers made a big deal over him. For supper? Man's best friend.
In the winter of 1832-33, Glass was living at Fort Cass, a new garrison built near the junction of the Yellowstone and Bighorn rivers. He worked as a hunter, procuring meat for the trappers of the American Fur Company, owned by John Jacob Astor. One cold morning in the spring of 1833, he and two other hunters left the fort looking to kill a bear or two. They hadn't walked far, and it was considered safe territory. As they made their way across the frozen Yellowstone River, 30 Ree on horseback surrounded them.
From: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org> To: Mark Paustenbach <markpaustenbach@gmail.com> Subject: RE: Bernie narrative Thread-Topic: Bernie narrative Thread-Index: AQHRs8AvQtUQ9aKs30KucVWjje9Zyp/EG7Pk Date: Sat, 21 May 2016 17:34:09 -0700 Message-ID: <05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5@dncdag1.dnc.org> References: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAPnVDtc=qGEycCVqA_JVHnN8oyN_5uzHzepXyhR97+tHRtE_8g@mail.gmail.com> Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SCL: -1 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_" MIME-Version: 1.0 --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. So we'll have to leave it alone. ________________________________ From: Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@gmail.com] Sent: Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM To: Miranda, Luis Subject: Bernie narrative Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Ber= nie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess. Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the campaign = to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something critic= al. She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his staff to respond t= o our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which is why we had t= o shut off their access in order to get them to finally let us know exactly= how they snooped around HFA's data. Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got back= to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six weeks ear= lier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie personall= y for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an= awful list just a few days before we had to make the announcements. It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act together. --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_ Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html dir=3D"ltr"> <head> <meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Diso-8859-= 1"> <style type=3D"text/css" id=3D"owaParaStyle"></style> </head> <body fpstyle=3D"1" ocsi=3D"0"> <div style=3D"direction: ltr;font-family: Tahoma;color: #000000;font-size: = 10pt;">True, but the Chair has been advised to not engage. <div><br> </div> <div>So we'll have to leave it alone. </div> <div><br> <div style=3D"font-family: Times New Roman; color: #000000; font-size: 16px= "> <hr tabindex=3D"-1"> <div id=3D"divRpF822574" style=3D"direction: ltr;"><font face=3D"Tahoma" si= ze=3D"2" color=3D"#000000"><b>From:</b> Mark Paustenbach [markpaustenbach@g= mail.com]<br> <b>Sent:</b> Saturday, May 21, 2016 8:23 PM<br> <b>To:</b> Miranda, Luis<br> <b>Subject:</b> Bernie narrative<br> </font><br> </div> <div></div> <div>Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is tha= t Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.&nbs= p; <div><br> </div> <div>Specifically, DWS had to call Bernie directly in order to get the camp= aign to do things because they'd either ignored or forgotten to something&n= bsp;critical.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>She had to call Bernie after the data breach to make his sta= ff to respond to our concerns. Even then they didn't get back to us, which = is why we had to shut off their access in order to get them to finally= let us know exactly how they snooped around HFA's data.</div> <div><br> </div> <div>Same was true with the standing committee appointments. They never got= back to us with their names (HFA and even O'Malley got there's in six week= s earlier) for the committees. So, again, the chair had to call Bernie pers= onally for his staff to finally get us critical information. So, they gave us an awful list just a few day= s before we had to make the announcements. </div> <div><br> </div> <div>It's not a DNC conspiracy, it's because they never had their act toget= her. </div> </div> </div> </div> </div> </body> </html> --_000_05E01258E71AC046852ED29DFCD139D54DF32AF5dncdag1dncorg_--
The wide-ranging aim of the VMFA is palpable through this exhibit. “Richmond being one of, if not the top tattoo city in the country,” made the museum a perfect host for the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles’ exhibition, said Chesterfield.
"He (Moreira) says he got into a physical fight with the ambassador, and he had no choice other than to hit the ambassador and kill him," Pontes said. "He says he was in desperation and didn't know what to do, given what had happened, so he asked a cousin for help and they went to make the ambassador's body disappear."
This solves many problems: the price differential with PlayStation 4 has now been addressed, while internal resources dedicated to Kinect processing can now be returned to game developers. On the flipside, the original vision for Xbox One as a multi-faceted all-in-one entertainment system as well as a games machine now lies in ruins. Kinect was at the heart of everything that made Xbox One different and without it we're left with a machine that offers pretty much the exact same proposition as PS4, but without parity in hardware specifications.
If we turn the clock back to the time where the key technological decisions were being made - towards the end of 2010 and moving into 2011 - we were looking at a fundamental change in the console audience and how gaming hardware was actually being used. Microsoft looked at the ways that gaming was adapting, attempted to anticipate future trends and produced a hardware concept that ticked all the boxes.
But much of the discussed spec made it to the final product - eight x86 cores, ESRAM, a cool and quiet set-top box design and of course the second-gen Kinect. The $50 budget per unit for the main processor sounds about right and even the 120W power envelope mooted in the leaked document was actualised in the final design. But more important than specifics in hardware detail is the overall vision for what the box should be capable of - gaming had to co-exist with media and apps in order to appeal to the broadest possible audience and Kinect was omnipresent in Microsoft's thinking. We can't help but wonder what Sony's equivalent 2010 document would look like. We suspect it would be nothing like this.
By the time the new hardware was revealed, controller-free motion gaming felt more like a punchline than the future, and the notion of a mandatory buy-in cost was clearly a bad idea without the software to support it. There was the sense that Microsoft was not listening to the core gamers that defined the success of the Xbox 360 - Kinect was a negative, not a positive, while the TVTVTVTV media functionality was perceived as a value-added feature - not the core of the device as it was presented at the initial reveal. On top of that, the notion of an always-on Kinect surveying our living rooms didn't sit well with allegations that the US government had extensive access to Microsoft's (and others') internet services. Once a mandatory extension of Xbox One, Microsoft was forced to make Kinect detachable from the console, with further privacy options implemented. The decoupling of the camera from the Xbox One had begun even before launch.
"In pre-production, Microsoft considered ambitious concepts to integrate gaming and live TV in ways that never made their way to the final Xbox One."
From a gaming perspective, Kinect wasn't a well-supported device, so moving away from it feels like the best decision Microsoft could have made, but in many respects Xbox One now comes across as a machine designed around a series of concepts that are no longer relevant, elements of its core identity whittled away piece by piece. Microsoft made the decision to trade raw gaming power for a more rounded entertainment concept, sinking enormous amounts of time, money and effort into technologies that much of the userbase never used and that future buyers are even less likely to experience - and we're not just talking about Kinect.
While there is price parity with PS4, a brutal assessment of Xbox One is that we're still looking at a less capable machine retailing for the same price, with few points of differentiation. Communicating whatever it is that makes Xbox One unique, original and different is the new challenge facing Microsoft. Primarily it will be about exclusive titles and third-party content deals, but it's also about rebuilding a relationship with a core userbase that has lost its close sense of connection to the Xbox brand and has grown distrustful of Microsoft itself.
Last year for Easter, I made a set of 6 superheroes with long ears :
As I didn’t want to have to box them after Easter, having to wait one year to unbox them, I also made them as egg cozies to be useful all year long !
10. The last tip – A Newshour debate usually lasts for 45 minutes to an hour, where about a dozen people speak ALONG with Arnab. You may hear only Arnab’s voice, but that’s just because he’s much louder than most of them. (Ashwin Kumar Newshour Theorem [Trademarked]: At any given point in The Newshour, there are a minimum of three people speaking, the loudest of them being Arnab) Newshour cockfights could get addictive and over time you may come to enjoy them immensely, but do NOT look like you’re having a ball out there. Remember, you’re out there to answer…er, no…you’re out there to LOOK LIKE you’re out there to answer questions. So don’t just stare into the camera like Dr Manmohan Singh. KEEP RAISING YOUR HAND every now and then. I know you definitely do not want to jump into the crocodile pool, but you should look like you want to! Just DON’T MAKE THE FATAL MISTAKE of saying, “Arnab, can I come in?” or “Arnab, can I make a point?” If you do that, he might bring you in and you’ll have to say something again. Just raise your hand and look agitated.
In Today’s Android app update, we’ve completely rebuilt our onboarding flow to make it as simple as possible. The results speak for themselves, here’s the before and after:
Our mind interprets the noise occurring around us while we’re asleep, and makes it a part of our dreams. This means that sometimes in our dreams we hear a sound from reality which is incorporated it a way that makes sense to our subconscious. For example, you may be dreaming that you are in a concert while your brother is playing a guitar during your sleep. In one study, researchers found that there was a significant difference between the dreams of the people who heard no music and the people who did. The ones who did hear reported that they had heard music in their dreams.
Bigsby first made contact with the "buyers club" through a blog written by Greg Jefferys, an Australian who also suffered from Hepatitis C. The posts recounted Jefferys' 2015 trip to Chennai, an Indian city on the Bay of Bengal, to buy sofosbuvir.
Unlike other countries, India does not award patents for minor improvements to existing drugs, and instead forces developers to prove they have made a significant scientific advancement.
The individual substances are the subjects of properties in the various other categories, and they can gain and lose such properties whilst themselves enduring. There is an important distinction pointed out by Aristotle between individual objects and kinds of individual objects. Thus, for some purposes, discussion of substance is a discussion about individuals, and for other purposes it is a discussion about universal concepts that designate specific kinds of such individuals. In the Categories, this distinction is marked by the terms ‘primary substance’ and ‘secondary substance’. Thus Fido the dog is a primary substance—an individual—but dog or doghood is the secondary substance or substantial kind. Each arm of this distinction raises different issues. If one is concerned with kinds of substance, one obvious question that will arise is ‘what makes something a thing of that kind (for example, what is involved in being a dog)?’ This is the question of the essence of substantial kinds. But if one is concerned with individuals, the parallel question is ‘what makes something that particular individual of a given kind (for example, what is involved in a dog’s being and remaining Fido)?’ This is the question of individual essences and of identity over time. Aristotle was mainly, if not exclusively, concerned with questions of the first kind, but, as we shall see in sections 2.5.2 and 3, the latter question assumed a prominence later.
being ontologically basic—substances are the things from which everything else is made or by which it is metaphysically sustained; being, at least compared to other things, relatively independent and durable, and, perhaps, absolutely so; being the paradigm subjects of predication and bearers of properties; being, at least for the more ordinary kinds of substance, the subjects of change; being typified by those things we normally classify as objects, or kinds of objects; being typified by kinds of stuff.
Almost all major philosophers have discussed the concept of substance and an attempt to cover all of this history would be unwieldy. The selection made will concentrate on those philosophers in whom the broadly analytic tradition has shown most interest. First we shall look at the development of the concept in the ancient world, culminating in the work of Aristotle. His account dominated debate through the Middle Ages and until the early modern period. We shall consider various rationalist and empiricist treatments of the concept. Locke’s contribution will be considered in especial detail because so much contemporary discussion is inspired (as we shall see in section 3) by an Aristotle-Locke nexus.
This account is intuitive, but perhaps it cannot be treated as a formally adequate definition of the notion of primary substance or individual. Fido the individual could be said to be in a certain location and so attributed to something, namely a place. It is natural to reply to this that an object is not an attribute of a place in the same way as a property is an attribute of a thing: the property is in a thing ‘as a subject’, but a place is not a subject to which a thing is attributed: the place does not ‘underlie’ the thing as a thing ‘underlies’ its properties. Although this may be true, it presupposes that we already have a grasp on the sense in which properties belong to objects and how this differs from the various ways that objects belong to or can be attributed to things, and that we can call upon this informal understanding in interpreting the theoretical account. Whether this is legitimate might depend on what the objective was. If the objective were to explain the difference between substance and property in an entirely non-circular way by appealing to the fact that properties are in substances but substances are not in things, this would involve taking the notion of being in as primitive. If we have to distinguish the sense in which properties are in substances from the way in which substances can be in things—such as places—before we can make the original point, then there has not been a non-circular account. If, on the other hand, the objective is simply to differentiate between concepts already in play, then Categories achieves its objective.
The division between being said of and being in—that is, between substance concepts and other properties—seems intuitively clear enough until one remembers that substance concepts are complex and are definable in terms of other properties. Thus, ‘man’ is defined as ‘featherless biped’ or ‘rational animal’, and it would seem that ‘featherless’, ‘two-footed’ or ‘rational’ are properties and hence the kinds of things that are in objects. Aristotle denies that this is so when they enter into the definition of a substance. The features that specifically make an object the kind of substance that it is, are called differentiae, and Aristotle says
Aristotle analyses substance in terms of form and matter. The form is what kind of thing the object is, and the matter is what it is made of. The term ‘matter’ as used by Aristotle is not the name for a particular kind of stuff, nor for some ultimate constituents of bodies, such as atoms (Aristotle rejects atomism). ‘Matter’ is rather the name for whatever, for a given kind of object, meets a certain role or function, namely that of being that from which the object is constituted. Relative to the human body, matter is flesh and blood. The matter of an axehead is the iron from which it is made. Relative to the elements, earth, fire, air and water, matter is an intrinsically characterless ‘prime matter’ which underlies the qualities of them all.
The elimination of matter as a good candidate for being substance, leaves either form alone or the composite of form and matter. The composite seems more consonant with the doctrine of Categories, for the composite is the individual. Aristotle, however, chooses the form as more paradigmatically substance. This has puzzled some commentators. Wiggins (1998: 232ff), for example, thinks that the change in doctrine between Categories and Metaphysics is wholly unhelpful. The choice of form as substance causes perplexity because the form seems to be a universal and equivalent to the secondary substance, and so not the most fundamental case of substance. But whether substantial forms are universals in Aristotle is a controversial matter. Interpreters disagree about whether the doghood that is in Fido is best regarded as the universal, or as the particular instance of the universal doghood, other dogs exemplifying numerically different instances of the same universal. (For example, Lloyd: 1981, Irwin: 1988, Woods: 1991, and Bostock’s commentary to Aristotle 1994.) On this view, the most perspicuous way of regarding the individual substance is not as the composite of form and matter (though this is not wrong) but as the form individualized in the matter. The matter is still an essential component in the substance, but not, so to speak, as an equal partner with the form, but as the catalyst by means of which the form becomes an individual substance. It is clear, however, that if one holds that Aristotle thinks that forms are universals, then forms are not substance, for, in his attacks on Plato, Aristotle makes it plain that universals are not substance. Substances for Aristotle are individuals, but it is much debated whether they are individualized forms or composites of form and matter.
The stronger, incompatibilist interpretation is that Aristotle did not believe that the behaviour of complex entities followed from the laws that govern their parts or their matter. (Gotthelf 1987, Robinson 1983) By contrast, the behaviour of the matter is influenced by what it is the matter of. The nature of the matter places restrictions on what the enmattered thing can do—an animal can only be made from living tissue, not of stone or fire—but exactly how that matter behaves depends on the substantial form present in it. The substantial form plays, therefore, an essential role, not merely in certain kinds of scientific explanation, but by being a fundamental efficient cause in its own right. Whichever of these is the correct interpretation of Aristotle, it was the second which was the core of ‘Aristotelian science’ as found in scholastic philosophy, and it was this aspect of the Aristotelian doctrine of substance that aroused most opposition amongst seventeenth century philosophers and scientists. They insisted that bodies behave as they do because of the mechanical consequences of the nature of the matter from which they are made: the matter is not ‘pushed around’ or organized by a substantial form. Philosophers and scientists of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries believed that in rejecting such influences they were rejecting the Aristotelian doctrine of substance.
Finally, let us consider how Aristotle fares according to the criteria of substance with which we ended the introduction. Aristotelian substance, whether construed as individualized form or composite of form and matter meets (i), the criterion of ontological basicness. It also meets (ii), relative durability, although in a rather modest manner. Individual substances are more durable than instances of the properties in the other categories, for it is substances that can take on and lose those other properties. Individuals are not, however, very long-lived and on this criterion Aristotle makes what could be regarded as a concession to Plato, for it is form as universal, which Aristotle does not consider properly substance, which is most durable. There are at least two senses in which substantial forms are eternal. First, Aristotle believes the world to be eternal and all the same species to exist eternally. So that, even though particular objects are subject to degeneration and decay, the species as such are eternal. Second, generation and decay depend on the material component in composites. Any form that does not require matter for its activity will be eternal by nature. This applies to the active intellect, which is an essential feature of all human intellects, and to the immaterial movers of the cosmos described in Metaphysics, Book Lambda. (Further consideration of these topics would take us into Aristotle’s philosophy of mind and his theology.)
As we have seen, substances are the paradigm subjects of predication and change, so (iii) and (iv) are met. As Aristotle’s substances are individual things and kinds of things (v) is met. A nod is made in the direction of stuffs and kinds of stuff, but Aristotle does not develop this thought, so (vi) is barely met.
Descartes, like the atomists, believed that matter operates in an entirely mechanical way. There is, therefore, no causal role for substantial form to play and, hence, no need for such forms. His two substances are each defined in terms of one property (extension for matter and thought for mind), hence there is no problem about the relation between substance and the properties in terms of which it is defined. As he does not have substances as individuals made of kinds of stuff, there is no conflict between individuals and stuffs.
There is nothing over and above the properties of an object corresponding to our substance concepts—nothing, that is, like a substantial form—present in the world. Sortals are entirely formed by our minds, in the light of the properties perceived to be in the world. The boundaries we draw between kinds of things are, to some degree at least, arbitrary and concept relative. I do not deny, but nature, in the constant production of particular beings, makes them… very much alike and of kin one to another: but I think it nevertheless true, that the boundaries of the species, whereby men sort them, are made by men…. (III vi 37: italics in original) The situation in (ii) is greatly aggravated by our ignorance of real essences. If we could know those more accurately, we would know better where to draw the boundaries. The disposition of properties in nature need not have been as it is and might actually contain oddities not corresponding to any of our sortals. Sortals, unlike Aristotelian species, place no constraints on how individual objects must or ought to be.
One might wonder what this ‘common life’ is supposed to be, especially in the light of his rejection of Aristotelian ‘substantial forms’. Furthermore, it is tempting to argue that all coherent, solid bodies—such as a lump of rock or plasticene—have some principle of organization which persists through change. Living objects are simply the most dramatic case of this. (Though Peter van Inwagen (1990) defends the view that only living things and atoms are real entities: inanimate complex bodies are not true individuals.) Nevertheless, though the appeal to ‘life’ seems to modify Locke’s conventionalism, it still leaves open the possibility that the divisions we make between different species are conventions, because, though we can recognize life (or a ‘continuing principle of organization’) itself, it is still relatively arbitrary and concept-dependent where life (or ‘principle of organization’) of one kind ends and another starts. So our division of things into species, though grounded in real continuities in the way that our non-biological (or non-natural) concepts are not, is still nominal.
In general, Locke’s particular substances are not ontologically basic, because their essences are nominal, though this is not so clearly true for sortals naming biological kinds. Locke’s conceptualism about such substances makes most of the tests irrelevant, which are cast within a realist framework. Locke’s ‘particular substances’ are kinds which are individuated conventionally, and so are not real substantial kinds, by Aristotelian standards. But Locke is not without substance other than substratum, for his real essence—that is, the atoms and their structures—are his real substances, and what we say above about the substantiality of atoms also goes for Locke.
When we gradually follow an object in its successive changes, the smooth progress of the thought makes us ascribe an identity to the succession…When we compare its situation after a considerable change the progress of the thought is broken; and consequently we are presented with the idea of diversity: In order to reconcile which contradictions, the imagination is apt to feign something unknown and invisible, which it supposes to continue the same under all these variations; and this unintelligible something it calls a substance, or original and first matter. (1978: 220)
Kant developed the other variant. He took Hume’s ‘tendencies of the mind to pass’ from one idea to another, without which we could not construct the world, and canonized them as a priori categories of the understanding. Hume’s empiricist emphasis is psychological. It concerns what we are habituated to do. Because of his empiricism, he will not bring non-psychological necessity into it. Nevertheless, there is the implication that making these transitions is the only way in which one can understand the world. Kant drops the empirical psychology and makes it a matter of a priori psychology, that only by employing certain categories could we have experience as of a physical world. It is only by understanding the world as possessing enduring spatio-temporal objects, which enter into causal relations with each other (that is, it is only by applying the categories of substance and causation) that we can have intelligible experience. Substances—that is, a framework of stable, enduring objects—are essential, but the source of this necessity lies not how the world is in itself, but in the framework which we are obliged to impose.
One natural response to the question of what distinguishes substances from properties is that properties depend for their existence on substances, for they are properties of objects (that is, of individual substances), but that substances do not similarly depend on properties for their existence. The point cannot be made quite so simply, however. Properties could not exist without objects to be properties of, but neither could substances exist without properties, so the dependence appears to be mutual.
Lowe responds to the former objection by saying that essential properties are identical with the substance, so cannot be cited as something other than substance that meets his criterion for being substance. It is not clear that this will work. The idea that the essence is identical with the substance is Aristotelian, but it is not clear how this applies to essential properties, taken individually. We have already seen, in our discussion of Aristotle, that the relation between the essence as some kind of unity and the properties that seem to constitute it is not clear. He copes with the second by denying that origin is essential to identity. Unfortunately, he argues for this position by citing human subjects: Socrates, for example, would still have been who he was even if he had had different parents. This is, of course, controversial about humans, but it is our Cartesian intuitions that make it plausible in that case. That this table, for example, could have been the same object even if made from different material does not have the same plausibility.
Whether these objections to the above versions of the independence account can be answered is unclear. Hoffman and Rosenkrantz (1994 and 1997) develop a different, though probably not incompatible, conception of the relative independence of substances compared to other categories. Substance, they say, is the only category of thing which might have only one instance through at least a minimally extended period of time. Thus, for example, there is no possible world which has, in a given period of time, only one event, for any non-instantaneous event will be made of events which are its parts. Similarly for properties or tropes, there can never be only one because any one entails the existence of others, as, for example, the existence of a red property (instance) entails the existence of (an instance of) the property colour. By contrast, there could exist through a period of time just one substance, provided that it was atomic.
If properties are conceived of as individuals—otherwise known as tropes, property-instances or individualized forms—then there cannot be a problem about the distinctness of exactly similar bundles, for the difference is built into the identity of the elements of the bundle, as it is not if the bundle is made of universals. The problem for this version of the bundle theory seems to be that it is difficult to individuate or distinguish tropes in a way that makes them suitable to be individuals—in one sense, the substances—from which objects are made. (Armstrong 1989, 115ff) For example, if an object has a size, a mass, and a motion, are the size and the mass different tropes and is it not strange to think of the size alone as a genuine particular suited to be treated as an ‘atomic’ component of the whole? One way out of this problem may be to resort to the notion of a master property which was invoked in the discussion of Locke on substratum (2.5.1); that is, to the notion of one property of which all the others are modes, as visual shape is a mode of colour, or extension is the master property of matter for Descartes. In the Newtonian model, solidity might fill this role, for shape is merely the outline of the solidity which constitutes the heart of the object. In a sense, theories of this kind are not ordinary bundle theories, for one property is chosen to fill the role of substratum, because the other properties inhere in, or are modes of, it. Whether anything could perform this role from amongst the properties that are basic to modern, post-Newtonian physics—properties such as charm, energy, spin and mass—is not easy to judge.
One objection often made against the theory is that bundles are mereological sums, rather like Locke’s ‘masses of matter’, and that, therefore, any change of property is a change in the identity of the object. Various forms of essentialist solutions to this problem have been suggested, for example, by Simons (1994), and Barker and Jago (2018). I must admit to having difficulties seeing why the view that objects are constituted solely out of property-instances should commit one to a mereological view, any more than the theory that they are constituted solely from material particles would, so I do not see this as a special problem for the bundle theory.
If one is not satisfied with a bundle theory of substance, so that one thinks that an individual substance is more than a collection of properties, how is one to understand this ‘more’? This question can be given a deflationary or a substantive answer. The deflationary answer is that a substance is a thing which has properties, and that is all one needs to say. (See, for example, Crane and Farkas 2004, 143f, and Chisholm 1969.) An object is not composed of properties and some further ingredient—the ‘thingy’ bit—an object is something which simply has properties. Any feature of it can, of course, be regarded as a property, but that does not render an object nothing but a collection of properties. There seems to be a clash of intuitions at this point about what makes sense. An opponent of the deflationary view will say that properties, however understood, must be components of objects, conceptually or formally speaking. If they are not the only components in this sense, one must say something about the nature of the rest. The deflationist thinks that this line of thought embodies some kind of category mistake in the way it handles the idea of a component. The anti-deflationist will argue that the fact that we are talking about components only in a conceptual sense does not alter the fact that we are obliged, once we start, to offer an account that is complete and distinguishes the various elements.
This solution, as Bennett recognizes, makes substancehood a function of how we operate on the properties we perceive. It is, in that sense, more Kantian than realist. As what it recognizes as out there in the world is just a bundle of properties, it does not dissolve the problem in the way that a deflationist would require.
It is useful at this point to take note of the three different functions the thin particular or substratum might fulfil. Its role might be (i) to bind the properties into a unity, so that they do not ‘fall apart’: (ii) to individualize them, if they are universals: (iii) to carry one across the categorial barrier from property to substance; that is, to be what it is that makes something to be in the category of substance.
The Aristotelian tradition anchors the concept of substance, at least in nature, primarily to instances of species of natural object. The Kantian tradition ties it to those enduring bodies the individuation of which gives sense and structure to our spatio-temporal framework. David Wiggins (1967, 1980, 2001) has made a sustained attempt to prove that these two objectives necessarily go together and to make the Aristotelian notion of substance, even including its bias towards the biological, central to our practice of individuating objects.
Wiggins assumes that individuating a temporally enduring object involves being able to re-identify it at different times and under different descriptions. This assumption makes it possible to state substance individuation using the language of identity. Within the scope of this assumption, he makes two claims. The first is the sortal relativity of identity: that is, when any a and b are asserted to be the same thing, they must be the same something-or-other, and the something-or-other must be the kind of concept that answers ‘what is it?’ questions. In other words, there is no such a thing as ‘bare identity’—identity under no concept at all. Furthermore, the relevant concept must be an Aristotelian substance concept or sortal. More formally, this can be expressed as follows:
That this may be a powerful criticism of Wiggins’s view can be seen by considering the notion of a Siamese object, which seemed to be necessary to answer the kind of problem posed by the swordstick. The physical mass that houses both the sword and the walking stick can be identified independently of either. If this were not the case it is difficult to see how one could even make the mistake of thinking of it as one thing. The composites Siamese entities form are quite identifiable, and yet that entity is not supposed to fall under a sortal in its own right.
Second, the language of constitution is more natural if the situation is described in some ways rather than others. It is natural to say that the statue is made of clay or even from a piece of clay. But suppose one characterizes the clay more exactly, in terms of the particular atoms in a particular arrangement. Strictly, on modal grounds, this structured collection and the statue are different. The statue could have been made of a collection of atoms with at least some different members, but the entity defined as containing just those atoms could not. This entity—atoms A 1 …A n in given spatial arrangement S—is not a very natural kind of object, but it is a real body, in a way that something arbitrarily composed of, for example, half of this table and two toes from President Bush’s left foot is not. This collection of atoms in this structure is what investigation would show to be really there. Though it is natural to say that the statue is constituted by the atoms, it is less natural to say that the atoms and the structure taken together, are what it is made from: rather it might seem natural to say that that is what it is. To use the Aristotelian terminology, there is strong pressure to say that atoms and structure together are matter and form, and hence are the complete individual.
“Speaking to this week’s opponent, Eastern Michigan, we have a lot of respect for their head coach, Chris Creighton. This is his third job, and he has won everywhere he’s been. Generally, it’s taken him a minute to get it started, but then he gets it going pretty well. He has won 70 percent of his games as a head coach. When you go on the road to open the season, you’re always a little bit concerned because it’s not something we’ve done a lot of. Unlike with other sports, we can’t have scrimmages against other teams, so our first competition against another team is our first game. When you’re doing it with a young team, it makes it a little bit more challenging. They played well at home last year, so we know we have our work cut out for us.”
Q: Coach, at the beginning of every season you have begun to crystallize a saying or a few-word phrase about what the season is going to be all about. Have you made a new one this year?
A: The best thing for Shuler is that he has a lot of experience around him. We have changed the dynamics of what we’re going to be doing on offense, and the offensive coaching staff has done a great job emphasizing to all the players around him that this is a different team. So, we will be much more run-oriented, which always helps develop a quarterback’s confidence. A lot of experience around him will help him; he’s got plenty of veterans on the offensive line, at running back and at wide receiver. We’ve made it very clear to Shuler that the number one thing he needs to do is manage the operation. If he does that, he will have success and be able to develop throughout the season.
Q: With Melvin Vaughn going down, did you have to make more changes on offense?
A: Well, we’ve always had the philosophy here that the best 11 are going to play. If something happens, such as an injury or performance suffers, then it’s our job as coaches to get the twelfth best player on the field. We were planning on being more tight end-oriented based on Melvin’s talents, but now we will have to make some adjustments with that. We’re not going to be completely four-wide; we’ve got some other things in the plan that we will work to develop. Finding that combination of who we are as a team, early on, is going to be critical for us.
A: Yeah, I learned they are a lot of fun to be around. This group has a lot of energy; you generally get that out of a youthful group. Our coaches did an excellent job explaining to the guys the importance of competing at practice. We set up our drills purposely to make it very competitive. The only thing we don’t know about this group, which is probably also true of every team in the nation, is how are they going to react when they get punched in the mouth? How we react when we have some adversity will be critical. But, we have proven as a staff and with our returning players that we can handle those adverse situations. All four of our league wins last year came on the last play of the game; it doesn’t get any more adverse than that. But I have a lot of confidence in this group and our coaching staff going into this season, but I think it will take us a minute to get to who we are going to be. We are not going to be as good in week one as we’re going to be later on in the season, so it will be a measure of patience for everyone.
As a fan i am massively impressed with the directors cut of Iron Sky, it's like a whole new movie. The directors cut features 20 extra minutes of previously deleted scenes some of which alter the style of the original film, and that's not all, they've added a boatload of new visual effects throughout and made the Meteor Blitzkrieg even more awesome than before, they've even replaced some of the musical scores with new ones. What they basically have done is taken a "crazy B movie" and turned it into a "crazy B+ with an extra side of crazy movie", it's just like the back of the movie case reads: "It's an all-new take on the film".
URLs to refer to files and assets within this folder. The tiapp.xml file is your application's configuration file. You'll probably never edit this file outside of Titanium's UI, but if you do, make sure that you read the documentation (see Related topics) beforehand.
For now, make sure that the initial application you've set up is valid and can actually be packaged. To test that, click the Test & Package tab, then click the Package tab.
Open the directory that contains your application, then open the Resources directory. Download a copy of your favorite JavaScript framework (for me, it's jQuery) and put the file right into the directory. Now open the index.html file in an editor and make changes.
The phpinfo.php file will be basic, containing just one line of PHP — a call to phpinfo() , which dumps out every variable and setting in Titanium's PHP environment (see Listing 7). You can wrap that call with the <pre> tag to make it easier to digest the information.
At this point, you know more than enough to get started on your own Titanium application. You've learned how to install the tools, create basic interfaces with HTML, and even added a bit of PHP code and some CSS styling. From here, you should be able to add other features and make smart desktop and mobile applications, building on the skills you already have as a web developer.
I don’t recall reading any stories about Jack Daniels running massive secret corn farms in the Great Smoky Mountains to make their mash. Charles Shaw is not destroying endangered plant species by using large amount of pesticides on illegal vineyard hidden in state forests. Samuel Adam’s Boston Beer Company is not sending armed gangs to ruin acres of Yellowstone by planting clandestine hops or getting into gun battles with Coors Brewery over the product. This does not happen in a legal and regulated market.
If you don't see a bar in the poll, or you think a bar that finishes out of the top five needs some extra love, make sure you comment below.
Eric Duyshart, Pasadena’s economic development manager, said his city has two big vacancies. One is an empty Macy’s department store at the Paseo Colorado mall that eventually will be demolished to make way for a hotel and additional retail. The other is a 45,000-square-foot, three-story building that housed a Borders bookstore on Lake Avenue.
This trend has likely been driven by demographic and societal changes. It coincides with women’s growing presence in managerial and leadership positions and suggests that an increasing share of professional women are confronting the inevitable push and pull of work-family balance. Previous Pew Research analysis has found that overall women devote fewer hours to paid work with each additional child they have. On average, a working-age woman with no children spends 27 hours per week in paid work, while a woman with three or more children spends 18 hours working. In addition, working mothers are more than three times as likely as working fathers to say that being a working parent has made it more difficult for them to advance in their career (51% vs. 16%).
"Although India's e-commerce market is still at an early stage, the market is seeing signs of consolidation," she added. "Flipkart has been and will continue to make acquisitions to increase scale."
Little progress has been made over decades between the two countries on hot-button issues like smuggling, supplying arms and refuge to Indian insurgents, and control of the numerous rivers that flow through both countries.
Nurul Islam made it over successfully. Moments later, as Felani reached the top of the 2.5m high fence, Indian border guards who had spotted them came running out and shot her dead from close range.
“If we go to shop at 4:00 p.m., we have to make sure we’re back by 5:00 p.m., otherwise we’re locked out for the night,” he complains.
“The wire fence makes us feel like prisoners,” he said.
Even­tu­ally, drones may have the tech­nic­al abil­ity to make even leth­al de­cisions autonom­ously: to re­spond to a pro­grammed set of in­puts, se­lect a tar­get and fire their weapons without a hu­man re­view­ing or check­ing the res­ult. Yet the idea of the U.S. mil­it­ary de­ploy­ing a leth­al autonom­ous ro­bot, or LAR, is spark­ing con­tro­versy. Though autonomy might ad­dress some of the cur­rent down­sides of how drones are used, they in­tro­duce new down­sides poli­cy­makers are only just learn­ing to grapple with.
It may be that the only way to make a drone truly se­cure is to al­low it to make its own de­cisions without a hu­man con­trol­ler: if it re­ceives no out­side com­mands, then it can­not be hacked (at least as eas­ily). And that’s where LARs, might be the most at­tract­ive.
But such a cam­paign is un­likely to ever hap­pen. “Ul­ti­mately, the na­tion­al se­cur­ity staff,” he said, re­fer­ring to per­son­nel that make up the of­fi­cials and ad­visers of the Na­tion­al Se­cur­ity Coun­cil, “does not want to give up con­trol of the con­flict.” The polit­ics of the de­cision to de­ploy any kind of autonom­ous weaponry mat­ters as much as the cap­ab­il­ity of the tech­no­logy it­self. “With an autonom­ous sys­tem, the con­sequences of fail­ure are worse in the pub­lic’s mind. There’s something about hu­man er­ror that makes people more com­fort­able with col­lat­er­al dam­age if a per­son does it,” Mc­Cants said.
CHICAGO, July 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Employees who make frequent contributions to the swear jar may lose more than loose change; they may lose out on a promotion. Sixty-four percent of employers said that they'd think less of an employee who repeatedly uses curse words, and 57 percent said they'd be less likely to promote someone who swears in the office. The nationwide survey, which was conducted by Harris Interactive© from May 14, 2012 to June 4, 2012, included more than 2,000 hiring managers and 3,800 workers across industries and company sizes.
Employers are inclined to think less of an employee who swears at work for a variety of reasons. Most (81 percent) believe that the use of curse words brings the employee's professionalism into question. Others are concerned with the lack of control (71 percent) and lack of maturity (68 percent) demonstrated by swearing at work, while 54 percent said swearing at work makes an employee appear less intelligent.
As a result of the contest, 6 promising apps are now available for download in BB World. Please note that we cannot recommend any of these apps to our users the way we usually do with other Telegram products, as each of them requires a significant number of improvements. However, progress has been made since December, so today we are honoring the six winners.
Congratulations to all of the winners! Here’s an additional bounty for you: we will distribute another $10,000 between the developers who make the most progress by May 1, 2015. So good luck with further development!
"It was not that part. It was something different," he said. "[The decision not to play me] was maybe made by someone else without him so I think after I trained and I played and you could see me and how I behave as a professional and he has a different opinion, so it was a little bit unfortunate.
So, why is this one particular hydrant such a cash cow for the city? There are a few possible explanations. It's right by the courthouse and near a major downtown intersection. The hydrant itself is in the middle of a busy sidewalk set back some distance from the street, and it would be easy enough for drivers to miss. No markings on the street make it obvious that the spot is off-limits.
Biden has three impressive virtues that could make him an attractive last-minute substitute. One is his reputation for strong values and good character. Many observers believe that were it not for Clinton’s email server and fundraising controversies, and her deceptive handling of them, she may well have put Trump away months ago. Instead, the constant and powerful stench of scandal has allowed the billionaire real estate mogul to position himself as the more honest and trustworthy candidate, largely offsetting his own high “negatives”.
Finally, Biden’s passionate public belief in the virtues of bipartisanship could prove attractive to independents and undecided voters. When Biden announced his decision not to run in the Rose Garden last year, he made a pointed reference to Clinton’s earlier remarks that she considered the Republicans her “enemy.” “The Republicans are not the enemy, they are the opposition,” Biden insisted, in a remark that was widely viewed as a public rebuke of Clinton.
In 1977, Sarah's relationship with Prince Charles led to the first meeting between Diana and her future husband.[10] She later commented on her sister's marriage saying: "I introduced them. I'm Cupid."[11] During the period in which she dated the prince, she allegedly met two reporters, James Whittaker and Nigel Nelson, at a restaurant and gave them an exclusive report on her royal connection.[12] She is said to have admitted to having been diagnosed with anorexia, having "thousands of boyfriends", a past problem involving alcohol, and that she had started keeping a scrapbook of all the press clippings about her royal romance that she intended to "show" future grandchildren. "Her head seemed to be turned by the publicity", the two reporters later said. She also declared that she would not marry Charles "if he were the dustman or the King of England".[12] When the article was released, she showed it to the prince, which made him furious[12] and he replied, "You've just done something incredibly stupid". The relationship dissolved soon after that. Some have stated the relationship between her and Diana was strained, because of her long resentment of the Prince marrying Diana and not her, though others (including Diana's biographer Andrew Morton) have said she was one of the few people Diana trusted. Later in Diana's life, she often accompanied Diana on official visits as one of her ladies-in-waiting.[13]
media_camera Damien Macrae and his son Aiden’s proposed lego campaign, they need 10,000 votes to make there idea a reality. Picture: Craig Wilson
media_camera Damien Macrae and his son Aiden are campaining to have sun safe lego made up (they have designs with life savers with sunscreen on etc) they need 10,000 votes to make there idea a reality. Picture: Craig Wilson
Mr Juncker is said to have made clear to the Prime Minister that, unless she accepted the EU’s red lines, there was no point in even beginning the withdrawal talks.
“What we will always do is make sure that we conduct our negotiations more discreetly, shall we say, so that we can have a freer negotiating hand.”
A few hours later, Ms Merkel made an outspoken attack herself on Britain, saying: “Some people in the UK are suffering under illusions.”
Imagine if 70 percent of Americans commuted to work using electric cars, but then new internal combustion engine technology came along that made driving much cheaper and could liberate another 15 percent of the population from reliance on buses. Well, it’d face some daunting obstacles. Sure, you could buy a bunch of gasoline to store in your garage to refill the vehicle at night but not everyone who owns a car has a garage. What’s more, even though on the typical day you’re just driving to and from work a big part of the appeal of homeownership is freedom. With an electric car, you and your family could just drive off to Toledo or Charleston or wherever on a moment’s notice and stop at a charging station whenever you need to power up. With a gasoline-powered care you have a range anxiety problem. Of course if lots of people already owned gasoline-fueld cars, we might have a nationwide network of gasoline depots at which it was possible to refill with all the convenience of a plug-in station. But you can’t get the chicken without the egg and you can’t get the egg without the chicken.
Which is exactly why Tesla Motors is so eager to publicize its early deployment of a handful of state-of-the-art charging stations in key coastal corridors to make the case that you can drive all up-and-down without a worry. If you can get a critical mass of early adopters excited about that limited set of existing infrastructure, you build momentum for more infrastructure and more electric cars. So John Broder’s nightmare story in The New York Times of misleading energy counts, freezing temperatures, and ending up stranded on the roadside is a disaster for Tesla. Except Tesla says they put equipment in the car to monitor driving patterns and charge levels, and according to their data Broder is just lying about what happened. Allegedly he didn’t drive the route he said he drove in the article, didn’t set the temperature where he said he sent it, didn’t charge the car as much as he said he charged it, and didn’t go the speeds he said he went. Broder fires back here.
The 45-minute video is like an intimate time capsule: five days in the life of a young couple, never married, struggling to raise two kids while juggling the demands of being student athletes. There are scenes of a 16-month-old Jahlil crawling into bed with his mom and waking her up with a conk on the head from his bottle; of Chucky walking his son home from nursery school and stopping to look at some puppies; of Jahlil, in diapers, dunking on a rim made from a coat hanger his dad bent into a hoop and fastened to a door. “Ghetto basketball,” Chucky says on the video. “Tear the roof down, Jah-Jah.”
Jahlil is at practice this afternoon. Chucky didn’t want him here when we watched the video. He knew it would make him uncomfortable. Even for an outsider, the footage is bittersweet. Here is a couple in a tough situation, still managing to shower their kids with attention and love. It’s impossible not to be moved, especially knowing what’s to come.
Jahlil and his sister waited at the hospital for word about their mom. “The doctor came out and said she didn’t make it. I just remember crying.”
When it came time to think high schools, Chucky had Whitney Young in mind from the start. Growing up, he had admired it as the place the smart kids went. But Chucky wanted to make sure his son felt comfortable there, so he arranged a meeting with Coach Slaughter.
That wasn’t the only thing about Jahlil that made Slaughter’s jaw drop. The summer before he started at Whitney Young, Jahlil played for the coach’s AAU team. “We went to nationals in Orlando and stayed in a house,” recalls Slaughter. “That first night, Jahlil comes downstairs and grabs a mixing bowl. He takes the cereal, pours it in the mixing bowl, then pours in a half gallon of milk. I told his father, ‘I don’t know how the fuck you feed him. It’s unbelievable.’ ”
When Jahlil was in junior high, Chucky would e-mail college coaches, telling them to put his son on their radar. But he didn’t get any traction until a DePaul assistant happened to catch one of Jahlil’s eighth-grade games. He reported what he saw to the university’s head coach at the time, Tracy Webster, who invited father and son to a game. “He was like, ‘Man, I’ll sign you right now,’ ” recalls Chucky. “I didn’t take it seriously. Then the next day it’s on ESPN: ‘DePaul makes offer to eight grader.’ Everybody started taking notice after that.”
With a prize prospect like Jahlil, the pressure is actually on the coaches. And any miscue can cost them. One coach begged Jahlil to save his job by coming to his school. (Big turnoff.) Another made disparaging remarks about his rivals. (Jahlil stopped returning his messages.) In perhaps the biggest stumble, one told Jahlil to pass along best wishes to his mom on Mother’s Day. (“Obviously, they don’t know anything about me,” Jahlil told his dad.)
In mid-November he settled on Duke. “It came down to it being Coach K and the brand name of Duke, being part of that legacy,” he says. He made his decision in conjunction with another top prospect, Tyus Jones, a point guard from Minnesota. The two had bonded playing on U.S. national teams together and decided to make themselves a package deal. “He’s like a brother to me,” explains Jahlil. “But also, I want to win.”
Earlier this year, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, almost offended China and Korea, when he signaled that he would “review” the country's apologies made in the past for its World War II aggression. Later, he backtracked and said would not review Japan’s wartime history and that he would abide by the official stances of his predecessors on the issue.
It is okay to quote blogger's posts, but when you quote, make sure you name the source. I think people should refrain from abruptly sharing facebook images, [out of context] when they do not reflect the agenda of the author. Maybe it's nice to pause for a second and verify where the source comes from.
As far as wrapping up the series goes, ultimately it's the voters and writers who make this series so great, providing insight and debate along the way. Proof of that lies in that this year, the 2016 instalment of the T25U25 was read by more people than ever before -- and it wasn't even close. As such, we thought it would be a fitting way to end the series by having our panelists put into perspective just what Matthews means to the organization.
In Matthews the Leafs hope they have finally found the heir to the mantle that was worn so well by the likes of Sundin, Gilmour, Sittler and Keon before him. Wandering through the wilderness seem like tradition for the franchise, but in reality, it is a sad state of affairs the once proud organization is in the process of reversing, and Matthews is a large part of that metamorphosis. True generational talent doesn't take multiple years to make an impact in the NHL. The Leafs hope Matthews can hit the ground running. The future begins now. - Burtch
Auston Matthews is really rather boring. In interviews he's dull, almost lifeless at times, and he never says anything incendiary. He does light up occasionally when he hits a topic he enjoys talking about. He smiles suddenly, and it's shocking to see, but it works to draw you in. He is also a little boring on the ice. He does not have Patrik Laine's big, booming shot. He does not have Jack Eichel's turbo boost breakaway speed. He does not have Connor McDavid's total domination of the game, like he can see into the future ten moves ahead of everyone else. He's more like McDavid than the other two, but with Matthews it is a different kind of dominance. He commands space, not time. He runs the play. He makes the other guys on the ice do what he wants them to do, and not just his own team either. He forces the opposition into the space he wants them to be in so he can do what he wants. He wants the puck, he wants to own the ice, and he can and will appear at will in the slot in scoring position, and you won't always be sure how he got there. Maybe he teleports. He seems smaller on the ice than he is. He is smooth and agile in the offensive zone like a winger, not a big, bruiser of a centre. He likes the sweet spot at the goalie's left hand, a classic left-shooting winger location, and he can slide into place there for a pass like he's been playing wing his whole life. Winger is just a role he plays sometimes to make the other team forget about him until it's time to score, a trick he managed for ZSC while wearing the fancy gold jersey of the top scorer. So, maybe he is psychic. He is one thing for sure: the next star of the Toronto Maple Leafs. - Katya Knappe
He makes me feel tingly in my special area. - Species 1967
David Jones, chief market strategist at IG Markets, says the rising demand for bitcoin makes it a potential safe haven given that the currency has a limited output – by 2140, all bitcoins will have been generated. "If it's something where there will always be demand, the fact that it's limited should give you security, like with gold," Jones said. "The issue is whether at this stage, where it's gone up 200 percent, there is a lot further for it to go. No one knows."
Not all Bitcoin news has been positive. Yesterday it was reported that a piece of malware on Skype was hijacking computers and forcing it to mine bitcoins. Jones said such stories did make for discomforting reading for bitcoin investors.
A second, related release, which we blogged about previously, was obtained through a public records request to the Miami-Dade Police Department for information on it’s drone program. In response, the Miami PD released its Certificate of Authorization (COA) for its drone – the first time a COA has been made publicly available.
On 11 November 2014, the Government of Uganda declared that Uganda was free of the Marburg virus. This declaration was made at the National Media Centre by the Minister of State for Primary Health Care, Hon. Sarah Achieng Opendi.
"We do know that antihistamines can certainly make people feel sleepy, and so we do find diphenhydramine in a number of over-the-counter medications that advertise as helpful for people trying to fall asleep at night," said Dr. Paruthi. "But it's important to know that when we use something like diphenhydramine to help us sleep at night, we’re actually using it for its side effect – not its treatment, which is to fight allergies."
Erwin fogged (sprayed with toxic chemicals) 19 individuals of the tropical tree Luehea seemannii in Panama, killing everything in their canopies, and carefully counted all the beetles he found. There were 1143 species represented, most of them leaf-eaters. Erwin then made some calculations. Assuming that a certain percentage of these beetles were “host-specific,” found only on that species of tree (this percentage ranged from 5% for predatory and scavenging beetles to 20% for herbivores), he calculated that this species of tree harbored 163 species of host-specific beetles.
So how many species are there on Earth? It’s still murky, but a fair back-of-the envelope estimate, including all those nematodes and the unknown parasites of living species (but not including bacteria), would involve tripling the estimate of total tropical arthropods, to make about ten million species. And that’s what I’ll tell people if they ask, making sure to add that it’s a very rough estimate.
But that won't end the matter. BART will still need to make a public accounting for how it's handling the case of an officer whose own account of his actions appears to differ so wildly from what the video shows.
4.) Posts and comments made before the renewal will not be deleted and will be viewable also after the renewal.
5.) The Activity Feed will remain as it is, you just won’t be able to post in it. You can still see the posts made by your friends and the people that you are following.
After the Roth IRA conversion event of 2010, there was a further influx of Roth IRA contributions. Much can be attributed to this based on when the Roth IRA conversion was made available in 1998, allowing savers to to convert from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA. During that time, 1.4 million taxpayers converted $39.3 billion in traditional IRAs to Roth IRAs.
Unlike other retirement vehicles, such as the employee-sponsored 401(k), contributions to a Roth IRA are not tax-deductible. Contributions to your Roth IRA are made with after-tax dollars. This does not offer an immediate tax benefit compared to one that is recognized at the time of distribution. When you take a qualified distribution from your Roth IRA, you will never pay taxes on that money.
If your income falls beneath the threshold for your filing status for the year, you must also make contributions from taxable compensation. This means individuals cannot use rental property payments, royalties or other non-taxable compensation to make contributions to a Roth IRA.
One of the most attractive features of the Roth IRA is that, when you start taking distributions, you don't have to worry about them contributing to your taxable income. This is because Roth IRA contributions grow in your account tax free since you're contributing after-tax dollars. With a traditional IRA, you make a contribution with pre-tax dollars. As a result, you end up with a deduction. A traditional IRA contribution lowers your taxable income.
This is not the case with a Roth IRA. You get no tax benefit immediately for making a contribution to your Roth retirement account. You pay taxes on your income, and then you make your contribution. However, because you have already paid taxes on the money you use, you won't be taxed on it again. Your money grows tax free. For those who think that they'll be in a higher tax bracket or that tax rates will go up by the time they retire, this can be an advantage. You pay taxes at your current, lower rate. And then when you take your distributions, you avoid paying taxes at your future higher rate.
It is possible to withdraw money that you have contributed to your Roth IRA at any time, tax- and penalty-free, as long as you meet the distribution requirements. However, if you want to withdraw the earnings from your Roth IRA, it is important to realize that you must have the account for at least five years. The clock starts ticking from the first day of the tax year in which you designate your contribution. So, if you open your Roth IRA in September of 2016 and make your initial contribution, you can make withdrawals of your earnings starting January 1, 2021.
A Roth IRA can be a great savings tool. Just make sure you understand the Roth IRA rules that come with it, and be careful to adhere to them.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 20, 2017 /CNW/ - Aurora Cannabis Inc. (the "Company" or "Aurora") (TSX: ACB) announced today that, further to its press release of November 14, 2017, it intends to make an offer (the "Offer") to purchase all of the issued and outstanding common shares (the "CanniMed Shares") of CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. ("CanniMed") (TSX: CMED) for consideration consisting of common shares of Aurora (the "Aurora Shares").
On November 13, 2017, Aurora presented the CanniMed board of directors (the "Board") with a proposal (the "Proposal") to explore a mutually agreeable merger on the terms set forth in the Offer, and requested a response prior to 5:00 pm Pacific Time on November 17, 2017 (the "Proposal Deadline"). Although CanniMed's Board failed to respond to the Proposal prior to the Proposal Deadline, Aurora would still welcome a transaction supported by CanniMed's Board, and looks forward to engaging with CanniMed's Board to deliver significant value to CanniMed shareholders. However, at this time, the rationale for the combination is too strong to accept inaction, and thus the decision has been made to proceed to take Aurora's Offer directly to shareholders.
CanniMed shareholders should note that Aurora has not yet commenced the Offer and should carefully review the cautionary statements set out below in this News Release respecting the status of the Offer and the factors that may cause Aurora not to make the Offer.
Aurora may determine not to make the Offer if: (i) it identifies material adverse information concerning the business, affairs, prospects or assets of CanniMed not previously disclosed by CanniMed; (ii) CanniMed implements or attempts to implement defensive tactics (such as a shareholder rights plan, grant of an option (or similar right) to purchase material assets, material acquisitions, issuances of shares (including, a private placement), or increased indebtedness (including, incurrence of significant new liabilities) in relation to the Offer); (iii) CanniMed completes or undertakes to complete any significant transactions, including the proposed, but not yet completed, acquisition of Newstrike Resources Ltd.; or (iv) CanniMed determines to engage with Aurora to negotiate the terms of a combination transaction and Aurora and CanniMed determine to undertake that transaction utilizing a structure other than a takeover bid (a plan of arrangement, for example). Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Offer will be made or that the final terms of the Offer will be as set out in this News Release.
This News Release does not constitute an offer to buy or an invitation to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invitation to sell, any of the securities of Aurora or CanniMed. Such an offer may only be made pursuant to an offer and take-over bid circular filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada.
The Offer will be made for the securities of a company formed outside of the United States. The Offer will be subject to disclosure requirements of Canada that are different from those of the United States. Financial statements included in the documents, if any, will be prepared in accordance with Canadian accounting standards and may not be comparable to the financial statements of United States companies.
Aurora has not yet commenced the offer noted above in this news release. Upon commencement of the offer, aurora will file a takeover bid circular with various securities commissions in Canada. The takeover bid circular will contain important information about the offer and should be read in its entirety by CanniMed shareholders and others to whom the offer is addressed. After the offer is commenced, CanniMed shareholders (and others) will be able to obtain, at no charge, a copy of the offer to purchase, takeover bid circular and various associated documents when they become available on the system for electronic document analysis and retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell, otherwise dispose of or issue, or any other solicitation of any offer to sell, otherwise dispose of, issue, purchase, otherwise acquire or subscribe for any security. The offer will not be made in, nor will deposits of securities be accepted from a person in, any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Aurora may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it deems necessary to extend the offer in any such jurisdiction.
I am sure I missed many! I started to make a one our playlist and when I looked up I had 90 min. So you have lots to choose from to make your theme class. The first 60 min is mine... the last 30 min in the playlist is a bonus... for those extra long classes!
The first song on the playlist is a little warmup I like. It was a tribute made by RTE. It's personal. Its Ali. In terms of a playlist I like to build in the odd motivational speech ... and I think this man had someting to say. Enjoy him in his own words:
I’m so mean, I make medicine sick.
Past selections of the summer reading committee—a group made up of staff and students—have included works by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Ann Patchett.
In June, when the controversy first arose, the University made this statement:
“We do understand that the novel may make some readers uncomfortable. It may create arguments and conversations, which are important to a liberal arts education.”
The Duke student who made the original post told the Chronicle he’d succeeded in his goal of making other religious students feel less alone.
There are things that he is good at… that can’t be denied. And there’s things that he probably wishes he could deny. But he is definitely in his element when doing that. He is definitely at his most relaxed. That is something that [showrunner] Scott Gimple really wanted to make sure that we got across — you see it way back even when Tara says to him, “You were smiling when you were killing those walkers,” when you meet Abraham. He’s completely unaware of how relaxed and how in his element he is, and how effortless it is once he goes into that killing machine mode. It is literally what he was built for.
Speaking to Friday’s edition of Britain’s Financial Times, Blatter repeated the claims he made on Wednesday to Russian news agency TASS that FIFA’s executive committee had originally agreed to award the 2018 tournament to Russia and the next World Cup to the US.
Those suspensions are related to a 1.8 million euro ($2 million) payment made by FIFA to Platini in 2011 for consultancy work carried out several years earlier. Both parties deny there was anything untoward in the payment, for which there was no written contract, despite the inexplicable delay.
“His experience, competence, capacity for work and his honesty make him the best candidate for the presidency,” said Figo, who eventually pulled out of the last FIFA election in May, said of Swiss lawyer Infantino.
You would think that by the time a person becomes the Director of the CIA, he would have a correct understanding of the Constitution, which is the founding document of the federal government, which the CIA is part of. This should be especially true when the CIA Director is a former member of Congress, a graduate of West Point, and the holder of a law degree from Harvard.Embarrassingly, such is not the case with CIA Director and former U.S. Congressman Mike Pompeo. In a speech delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Pompeo demonstrated a woeful lack of understanding of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment.Referring to his belief that WikiLeaks official Julian Assange, who is a citizen of Australia, should be indicted and prosecuted by the U.S. government for revealing secrets of the U.S. national-security establishment, Pompeo stated:That is quite an amazing statement. It’s also a misleading and fallacious one.What Pompeo obviously doesn’t get is that no one, including American citizens, has First Amendment freedoms. There’s a simple reason for that: Freedoms don’t come from the First Amendment. Or to put it another way, the First Amendment doesn’t give anyone, including Americans, any freedoms at all.People’s freedoms also don’t come from the Constitution. They don’t come from the federal government. They don’t come from the troops, the CIA, or the NSA either.Freedom comes from nature and from God. Even if the Constitution had never been approved by the American people — that is, even if the federal government had never been called into existence — people would still have their fundamental, natural,God-given rights. That’s because freedom and other natural, God-given rights preexist government and, therefore, exist independently of government.Thomas Jefferson makes this point clear in the Declaration of Independence when he points out that people are endowed with unalienable rights by nature and God, not by government or by some document that calls government into existence.There is something else that is important to note here: As Jefferson points out, everyone, not just American citizens, is endowed with these natural, God-given rights, including life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. That includes people who are citizens of other countries. Citizenship has nothing to do rights that are vested in everyone by nature and God.At the risk of belaboring the obvious, that includes Julian Assange. His freedom does not come from the Constitution or the First Amendment or by the Australian government. His freedom comes from the same source that your freedom and my freedom come from — from nature and from God.So, what is the purpose of government? Jefferson makes it clear: Government’s job is to protect the exercise of natural or God-given rights, including liberty.What about the First Amendment? If its purpose is not to give people rights, including freedom, what is its purpose?The purpose of the First Amendment, in part, is to protect the preexisting, natural, God-given freedom of people to publish whatever they want, including the dark, illegal, illicit, immoral, and evil secrets of the federal government, including such dark-side, totalitarian-like nefarious activities as assassination, murder, disappearances, coups, torture, abuse, partnerships with dictators, rendition, kidnapping, illegal surveillance, rendition, destruction of incriminatory evidence, illegal invasions and wars of aggression, and secret prison facilities.That’s what Pompeo and others of his ilk just don’t get: The purpose of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights is to protect people from federal officials like him — officials who are hell-bent on destroying our lives, freedom, and prosperity, and well-being, all in the name of “keeping us safe” or protecting “national security.”Our ancestors were wise people. They knew that the federal government would inevitably attract people like Pompeo. That’s why the Constitution brought into existence a government of extremely limited powers rather than a general power that would enable federal officials like Pompeo to just do the “right” thing.That’s also why the Constitution didn’t empower the federal government to have a CIA, NSA, and standing army. Our ancestors knew that a national-security establishment would inevitably end up destroying people’s freedom in the name of “keeping them safe” and that it would inevitably try to punish people for publicizing and opposing its destruction of liberty.That’s why our ancestors demanded the enactment of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights as a condition for approving the Constitution. They wanted to protect people’s fundamental rights and liberties from federal officials like Pompeo, who they knew would be the biggest threats to people’s fundamental, natural, God-given rights and freedoms.Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation
Fujifilm seem hell bent on killing off their film products entirely. Well, if that’s their plan, they’re certainly doing a good job. Many film photographers have already made the switch to Kodak & Ilford films due to the doubt over Fuji’s future. Kodak’s decision to bring back Ektachrome has also aided a few choices.
It’s a shame, really. Fuji made some great films. They still make a few, although who knows for how much longer?
The family firm is booming - as Trump said this week, his stunning victory makes the Trump brand "hotter". The newest property, Trump International Hotel in Washington's old Post Office building, is booked out - and fawning foreign diplomatic delegations most likely will keep it that way.
But in contemplating it all, it wasn't until Wednesday that a real OMG! moment dawned, when Politico magazine made a remarkable observation of Trump, who as a callow candidate had refused to publicly release his tax returns because he was being audited by the Internal Revenue Service - but who confirmed with some pride during the campaign that he had paid no personal income tax for almost two decades, because of dubious losses worth almost $US1 billion.
Ditto Russia - the nature of Russian investment in Trump businesses or any Trump investments in Russia are unclear. But in 2008, his son Donald jnr told a property conference in New York that "Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets ... we see a lot of money pouring in from Russia."
"If we've got to talk to a foreign government about their behaviour, or negotiate a treaty, or some country asks us to send our troops in to defend someone else, we've got to make a decision. And the question becomes: Are we going in out of our national interest or because there's a Trump casino around?"
Trump surrogate and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani had made a similar comment to CNN: "You realise that those laws don't apply to the president, right? So the president doesn't have to have a blind trust. For some reason, when the law was written, the president was exempt."
The MSM looks for precise meaning and accountability in what Trump says. But a good number of Americans, for now at least, look for comfort in how he makes them feel. It's an asymmetrical engagement, one in which the risk of long-term damage to the national political psyche and institutions doesn't count for a lot because there's not a lot of respect for those making the argument that these things matter.
I’ve combined the state data into a list to make it more viewable. Let us break down the problems by state for the 2009 fiscal year:
First, 4 states with the most dire housing markets those of California, Arizona, Nevada, and Florida made the top 12 on the list. In fact, the number one state and most populace state in our nation California has the most troubling housing market in the nation that won’t see a bottom for many more years. Florida has a similar makeup to California in that it went down the path of toxic mortgages that are now going to be setting on new terms at the most dire time in our fragile economy.
Freeman sued the Predators and fellow owner Tom Cigarran for $250 million in June, alleging various breaches of contract and unjust enrichment by the ownership group and inducement of breach and breach of fiduciary duty against Cigarran. He was seeking to have his original ownership stake of 48 percent restored and a pay back of guarantees he made to the city and the team's former creditors.
This study can be added to a number of other studies espousing the positive effects of using psychiatric medications. For example, research has shown startling reductions in sexual offenses (including child rape) when men are treated with Depo-Provera, which reduces testosterone levels. Another study saw reductions in prison terms in addicts treated with Vivitrol, a monthly injection that reduces the body’s response to opiate, like heroin. And yet another study has revealed the potential for dramatic reductions in driving under the influence in those taking Antabuse, which makes people violently ill when they drink alcohol.
Were we to merely make a psychiatric evaluation a routine part of any first violent offense, as well as make psychiatric treatment a component of probation for those with ADHD, alcohol dependence, heroin dependence and pedophilia, we would save millions of victims from being assaulted, save millions of Americans a life of crime and save the United States many, many billions of dollars a year.
I’ve joined Eternal very early in the closed beta and have been playing the game every day since. I made my modest mark on the community by winning the second edition of Scion’s League with a home brew (which got nerfed shortly after) and by pioneering a few quirky not-quite-tier-one decks, notably Nightmare and Shimmer Party. My background before Eternal is mostly made of kitchen table Magic (peaking in the nineties with a few disastrous local tournament outings), then Scrolls and Duelyst. I’m a Johnny at heart; I enjoy weird combos and building around cards no one else plays.
For the purposes of this article, I actually went through the whole new player experience again myself to check that I wasn’t saying anything unrealistic (I used my old invite-a-friend beta key to make an alt instead of giving it to you. Sorry.). Thanks to that little experiment, I’ll be giving you reports of my own progress through each step, as a point of reference.
Turns out that at the absolute ground floor that is basic cards only (those available to you out of the starter decks), the strongest deck you can make is… not Rakano ! So much for this article’s thematic consistency, but the priority here is getting you out of the gate as smoothly as possible.
As you can see, this is clearly an aggro deck, with a curve very low to the ground. It is built to make sure that you are most likely to fully utilize your mana on turns 1-4, quickly building a board of threats. Your opponent should immediately be on the back foot, and their slow draws will be punished hard. We play almost no cards that cost more than 3, so we can afford to play the minimum amount of power thanks to the mulligan rule (which guarantees you at least 2 power cards if you redraw your starting hand).
Between the large packs, cards in chests, and limited modes letting you keep cards, Eternal gives out a whole lot of those low rarity cards. You’ll get full playsets of them very quickly! The flip side of that is that the crafting/recycling rates on them is very disadvantageous. With that in mind, I believe the best budget decks are those made out of whatever you have, rather than out of “cheap crafts”, which are actually the worst investment you can make.
We will get to crafting eventually, but only after getting as many “free” cards as possible to make a base deck out of.
OK, so now you are ready to start your first forge run to populate that future deck of yours. But what do you pick? You already know to make your first picks either Justice (green) or Fire (red), but which cards are good?
*Disclaimer : the above does not make a good replacement for a proper drafting guide ! Use one of those for your next run, or ask for help on the ever helpful Discord channel.
At this point, go back to your constructed deck and enrich it with the spoils of your draft run(s), still using the previous guidelines. This should make a fairly solid deck insofar as no crafting has happened yet.
This is a list I’m confident about taking to the ladder. I expect it will bring me to Gold division without a hitch, probably even Diamond, and by then I’ll probably have enough to make a list that’s close to (if not exactly) one of the top level lists below.
Mr Lokodo has previously made shameless attempts to link gay rights activists to paedophilia and prostitution.
In his maiden speech on the Senate floor, Mr. Manchin called for the repeal of a Clean Water Act regulation on mountaintop mining. His Senate financial disclosures state that he made nearly $1.5 million a year in 2011 and 2012 from his coal brokerage firm. He is a current co-sponsor of a bill that would block President Obama’s efforts to regulate global-warming gases.
Initially, state environmental officials said inspectors had not visited the site in more than two decades. But on Thursday, the state’s Department of Environmental Protection said it had made a half-dozen visits since 2001 when the tank farm, which once stored gasoline, was sold and converted to chemical storage. Inspectors checked the air and soil quality, but apparently not the dozen or so tanks.
There are few certainties in politics and economics, but two of them were made clear by Grant Shapps, the former housing minister who was replaced in the recent cabinet reshuffle.
First, there are some politicians who make better chairs than portfolio ministers. And second, offering £10,000 to every "town team" requested by their local MP will have minimal influence on the long-term future vitality of our high street, with local government left to pick up and make something of the pieces.
• Up to 392 other town teams (unsuccessful Portas applicants) each receiving £10,000 if their local MP makes an application before 16 September 2012.
The immediate challenge for local authorities is to make sense of these overlapping and ad hoc opportunities. They must support the enthusiasm of genuine town teams to undertake productive and purposeful activity while also managing expectations.
Overall, I like Apache OpenOffice. The feature set includes what I expect in an office suite, and the developers have made a strong effort to make switching between applications feel smooth and intuitive. A Windows-only user who already has access to recent versions of Office will probably not be tempted unless they genuinely prefer open source for personal or financial reasons…but those who have no office suite, those who need a multi-platform (Windows, Mac OS, and *nix), and those who have only older version of Office will all find something worth checking out.
LITTLE ROCK � The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday struck down a Texas law that imposed tough restrictions on abortion clinics, a ruling that both supporters and opponents of abortion rights said could make it more difficult to defend restrictions approved last year in Arkansas.
LITTLE ROCK � The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday struck down a Texas law that imposed tough restrictions on abortion clinics, a ruling that both supporters and opponents of abortion rights said could make it more difficult to defend restrictions approved last year in Arkansas.
"Arkansas, like Texas, has a profound interest in protecting the health of all women, but today's unfortunate ruling puts that at risk," she said. "The court has issued a decision that makes it even more challenging for a state to provide commonsense health and safety regulations for abortion procedures."
"For example, we need to be certain the Health Department is doing the best job possible inspecting abortion facilities, and we need to be certain that the results of those inspections are made public to ensure clinics operate as responsibly as possible," Cox said in a statement.
New York Times Co. Chairman Arthur Sulzberger said Mr. Thompson's work at the BBC helped extent its brand. "Our board concluded that Mark's experience and his accomplishments at the BBC made him the ideal candidate to lead the Times Co. at this moment in time when we are highly focused on growing our business through digital and global expansion," Mr. Sulzberger said in a statement.
Krause may have won the day, but Brown walks away from the week as the leader in the NorAm GS standings. Brown took a break from his World Cup schedule to regain confidence in his skiing, and it has worked. After failing to make five straight second runs on the World Cup circuit, Brown took his talents to Panorama in December. Since his return, he has not finished lower than second place in six consecutive slalom and giant slalom starts. He now holds the lead in the NorAm overall standings as well.
“I started in Europe doing World Cups in the beginning of the season, and it wasn’t going that well, so then we made the decision to come back to Panorama to try to find some confidence in racing and find the ability to find some freedom in my skiing and ski the way I do in training,” Brown said.
City Elections Director Daniel Baxter said about 17 percent of Detroit's registered voters made it to the polls Tuesday or cast absentee ballots.
On July 18, Orr made the Chapter 9 bankruptcy filing in federal court. He said Detroit is insolvent, unable to pay off debt that his restructuring team says could reach $20 billion. He has stopped paying on $2.5 billion in bonds, using that money to pump up struggling and underfunded city services. He also asked city creditors and Detroit's two pension funds to accept pennies on the dollar in money owed them.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (CN) – A police officer made a woman take her pants off and assaulted her during a traffic stop, then ordered her to meet him again in an hour, she claims in Federal Court. She says she set up a sting with the police chief, who caught the officer in flagrante, and told him, “You stupid son of a bitch, what are you doing? Get up to the police station.”
He also made lewd comments, such as, “That’s a good looking p*ssy,” according to the complaint. (Spelling as in complaint.)
“I didn’t think I would make anything doing it,” he said.
“Catholics can go and observe, they don’t have to take part. They can stay on the fringes and see how parades are conducted and make their own mind up. They don’t have to go to contentious parades.”
“The White House acknowledges that there are issues with the program as it stands. Several laws on the books went unenforced in the last administration. As the Department of Justice made clear, the Trump administration will enforce laws protecting American workers from discriminating hiring practices.”
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke made an appearance to accept the paycheck.
The centrifuge is made of Meccano, spans a diameter of 3 meters, weighs about 50 kilograms and rotates at 42 RPM. At one end is the payload container which holds the lava lamp and data recorders. At the other end is a set of counterweights.
But Edmonton defence lawyer Tom Engel said he was disturbed by the apparent abuse of police power he believes the episode shows — including threats of violence made against the person the police officers are trying to find.
Despite the public’s largely positive response to Ghostbusters, it seems as though some bearded internet trolls still want to make their distaste for the all-female reboot heard. One of the main targets has been Leslie Jones, the only woman of colour in the main cast, and this abuse has taken a very racist turn. For the last 24 hours, Jones has been tweeting a fraction of the racist bullshit she has been sent in the last week.
You can see how much representation matters by how angry it makes the people who don’t want to see you represented. #LoveforLeslieJ — @red3blog (@red3blog) July 19, 2016
HI THERE @Lesdoggg is the epitome of talent and badassery. She makes me want to work hard so I can be as good at my own job. #LoveForLeslieJ — Anne T. Donahue (@annetdonahue) July 19, 2016
Thargoids first made an appearance in the original Elite game, but vanished circa Frontier. In July 2014, Frontier chief David Braben told The Average Gamer he wanted Elite: Dangerous version of the Thargoids "to be as terrifying and as alien as we can make them".
Police reportedly have a copy of a recording made by Harow of a 2014 conversation between Netanyahu and the publisher.
Fresh efforts to get rid of the law, known as HB2, are now expected to be made as soon as the state assembly reconvenes in January, but neither Democrats nor Republicans who support repeal expect success for those attempts in the short term.
“It was bad legislation. It was a mistake and when you make a mistake you need to own it and you need to correct it,” he said.
In an email to a friend Cpl Ellement wrote: "Hardly anyone is talking to me. Like I'd make up something that is this bad, destroying my career, and losing all my friends."
"I feel there should be more support for female soldiers who make allegations of sexual misconduct by fellow soldiers.
YouNow CEO Adi Sideman said, “Our partnership with Storj marks the commencement of our path to decentralize as much of the PROPS technology stack as practically makes sense, provided good performance, scalability needs and costs efficiencies are superior. We expect a long-term partnership between our mass market blockchain-powered platforms, PROPS and Storj.”
The reason for the two running was to ratchet up interest in public affairs — and to showcase that GOP and Dems can get along.For example, despite being registered on different sides of the aisle, both are pro-choice and both believe in marriage equality. He does classify himself as a fiscal conservative, whereas she takes more of an interest in education. She has admitted both that “the empty lines on ballots make me sad” and “if we can get more young people involved in politics, that would be tremendous.”
It’s more common than you might think for spouses to have differing viewpoints; The Today Show did a feature about one such couple around Election 2012. This couple “finds common ground in local races.” These dynamics also extend to the bedroom. As you might imagine, Reddit has tackled this topic multiple times: here, here, here, and here. As with most things in relationships, the underlying premise/idea of most of these posts is that two people can make it work, no matter how contentious on some issues, if they have core, fundamental elements in common.
etcd is a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery. Running etcd within a docker container is a convenient way to deploy etcd or test out a sample cluster. Etcd containers are very easy to run — you just need to manipulate a few of the flags to make the networking work correctly. You can grab the etcd container or have docker download it automatically.
As you can see, etcd-node1 is the current leader and etcd-node2 and etcd-node3 are successfully connected as followers. You can check out the dashboard module at /mod/dashboard but you'll need to launch etcd with -cors='*' to make the cross-origin requests work.
But does immersing a cookie into a warm beverage really make it taste better? And if so, why?
"Dunking makes the biscuit taste more biscuity," Blumenthal says. "That's complete evidence that dunking is better than not dunking."
Shoving a tube up one's nose may seem like a funny way to measure flavor, but it makes sense when you consider that flavor is made up of both tastes and aromas, says food scientist Avinash Kant, who works with the MS-Nose at the company Flavometrix on the Nottingham campus.
To reach your nose, Kant says, these aromas have to jump from the cookie into the air. The hotter and wetter the biscuit, the more easily the aromas can make this leap.
The Dragon's heatshield characteristics could allow for a safe descent if landing rockets of sufficient power were made available. Research at NASA's Ames Research Center has demonstrated that a robotic Dragon would be capable of a fully propulsive landing on the Martian surface.[citation needed] On the surface, the crew would have at their disposal two Dragon spacecraft with inflatable modules as habitats, two ERVs, two Mars ascent vehicles and 8 tonnes of cargo.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial Show all 90 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013
"It goes against the good morals of society to make this information available, to unsuspecting members of the public, including children and other vulnerable people," he added.
“We partner with great institutions all over the world to offer content,” said Agarwal. edX’s 100-plus institutional partners make up an impressive, global list that includes Berkeley, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Georgetown, Princeton, the University of Chicago, the University of Pennsylvania, Australian National University, Delft University of Technology, McGill, Peking University, Seoul National University, and the Sorbonne, to name a few.
edX makes its platform freely available as open-source. Agarwal noted that several countries have adopted it to build national infrastructures for online learning, including France, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, China, Hong Kong and Korea. “Most excitingly … Russia in early September launched Open Edu.ru, which is Russia’s national platform using Open edX. How cool is that?”
Today or yesterday was the one year anniversary of the Stimulus package and everyone was marveling at the conservative hypocrisy epitomized by Republicans fighting against the Stimulus bill before it was passed and lying about its impact since then (especially this week), while sandwiched in between, something like a hundred of them demanded some of that money for their pet projects back home-- and even touted the benefits as though they had passed the legislation!Disgraced former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough, now one of MSNBC's right-wing talking heads, invited Howard Dean and Sam Stein onto his show yesterday to discuss the anniversary. Dean, though effectively and justifiably bashing the Republicans for their crass obstructionism, didn't make any friends at the White House. He forcefully pointed out that the Obama is coming across as weak and incompetent. I'mopen to the possibility that there might possibly be some people who disagree with the proposition that Obama is one gigantic disappointment... but I've never met one. The best I ever hear about him is that he's better than the alternatives.
The story isn’t quite as clear-cut with consumer spending, as skeptics note. Its sharp plunge stopped before President Obama signed the stimulus into law exactly one year ago. But the billions of dollars in tax cuts, food stamps and jobless benefits in the stimulus have still made a difference. Since February, aggregate wages and salaries have fallen, while consumer spending has risen. The difference between the two-- some $100 billion-- has essentially come from stimulus checks.
Obama's biggest mistake was made on the second day after his election when he chose the Beltway's most over-hyped incompetent, Wall Street shill Rahm Emanuel to run his administration. There isWall Street could have done more effectively to sabotage that "hopey-changey thing" than placing one of their most dependable operatives right at the heart of the Administration. Emanuel spent his entire career doing three things: enriching himself, ingratiating himself to the richest and most powerful forces, and manufacturing a totally baseless image with the pathetically snookered sucker media in The Village. And Obama fell for it, lock, stock and barrel. Dean didn't-- which is why the most spectacularly successful head of the DNC was replaced by a colorless and failed conservative hack. Yesterday'ssaid all that is needed to be said about the results of the Stimulus package . Take my word for it-- it isn't what you'll hear parroted by the TV talking heads who reach far more people (and have a different agenda ).
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! We must continue to expose the corrupt authoritarians that are forcing this dangerous technology upon us even as we make our voices heard that we see through their lies and distortions. We must also reach out to airport workers who are being affected the most by these X-ray machines. The corporatist political structure will never stop without mass outrage, mass non-cooperation, and a mass stand-down by those on the front lines of the war against human dignity and human rights. Please help us combat censorship: vote for this story on Reddit — http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/pcjef/australia_becomes_first_to_ban_travelers_who/ Read other articles by John Galt here. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text=’Related Articles:’
TVB did not give an explanation but made amends quickly after internet forums were abuzz with chatter that the TV station had misinterpreted history.
"That makes the difference in the long run. Everyone must give 100% and get involved.”
The Rumor Man excuses himself to make a call outside, on his "other phone," to finalize an anonymous rumor about a top ten draft pick. The player is rated No. 1 at his position and is expected to be long gone by the time his team selects. We're sitting in a popular restaurant near the stadium almost a week before Draft Day, talking about how to start rumors for potential draft picks.
"Nah, there's no way he'll be there when we go on the clock, but you still have to do it," he says. "It looks good. It's good for down the road. Same reason my wife watches Real Housewives of Atlanta. It's all bullshit, all made up. All of it. These scouts and GM's talk to each other. It's a waste of Internet bandwidth, but they're doing the same thing to our guys right now in [divisional rival's town]. Cost of business."
"I think it took me seven years. I knew some guys. They knew some older guys. And before, I really didn't believe any of this happened. Then I start coming around different events, parties, tailgates, and I make some smart ass tweets. After a while one guy says, 'Oh hey, I know him. It's okay, he loves the [team], got a great imagination' and we start talking. I make a smart ass comment about a running back having a wide ass and affecting his center of gravity, and the next thing I know I was a part of it. I wanted to be."
And make shit up. Lots of shit.
"It's the craziest thing. We make up the craziest rumors, use 'em for a while, then toss 'em. The worst part was convincing my wife it wasn't the beginning of dementia or just general stupidity, because none of the stuff we would throw out there would make any sense to anyone. Except scouts and GM's. Then it's on the front page of [team hometown newspaper and website]. My wife just rolls her eyes and shakes her head in amazement."
OS X Yosemite is the latest version of the Mac operating system, complete with an overhauled user interface and a variety of new features that are sure to make your Mac experience better and more productive.
Performing some general system maintenance is always a good idea, so try to make it a habit. We’ve touched on some easy maintenance tips before, and they still apply here.
Remember that to utilize the full feature set in OS X Yosemite, you’ll also want the latest version of iOS (iOS 8.1 or newer) on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, this allows for features like Handoff, Continuity, and the ability to make phone calls from your Mac.
Here are 20 habits people unintentionally pick up, that successful people make it a point to consciously avoid.
Most successful people define their success with happiness, inner peace, and positive contributions – more than money. Being financially secure certainly can help open opportunities, relieve stress, and offer some piece of mind. But successful people realize that all the money in the world cannot make you happy if you are unable to feel happiness from within.
Successful people practice progress over perfection. The danger in focusing on perfection is, you become so consumed in finding imperfections to fix, you will have little or nothing to show for in the end except unfinished, imperfect work. By understanding it’s not about achieving one perfect goal, but the skills you develop from reaching several goals, you allow yourself to make constant improvements while living a life of accomplishments you can learn from and be proud of.
Successful people do not base their worth on how others think of them because they’ve set their own values, goals, and principles without having to depend on anyone to validate them. Everyone sees through eyes of personal life experience and individual interpretation. As such, successful people understand that when someone makes a judgement about you or your life, it doesn’t make it a reality unless you agree with it.
Successful people agree that work is important, but never as important as experiencing life with the people you love most. Success starts from within, so make time to give your undivided attention to those who mean most to you – including yourself!
Successful people decide what they want, then burn the boat. Once they make a decision, they set their minds to do whatever it takes to make it happen. This habit also helps build confidence in a person by proving to themselves that they’re dependable and have the ability and drive to make things happen just as they said they would.
In June 2011, Paulsen made announcements that he was taking his show on the road with his "Lots of laughs and autographs" tour. Working closely with a team that included Chris Pope, his publicist, and others he made his first successful tour in Atlanta, Georgia, which happened on July 30, 2011, and another in Dallas, Texas on September 17, 2011, that required two seminars, one in the afternoon and one in the evening, as they were so popular.[9]
This year, Bradford came in as the starter while Bridgewater still rehabs his knee. Bradford made it exactly one week until his twice-surgically repaired knee began acting up, and Keenum has been pressed in to service the past two weeks, going 1-1 in that time.
Let’s face it. Law enforcement has had a tough time this past decade trying to melt into traffic and launch surprise attacks on speeders or other more sinister actors. I used to be able to make out cops zigzagging half a mile behind me on the highway desperately trying to clock lead footers. I could tell the frustration on their faces and felt bad for whichever poor souls that couldn’t spot them on time. At the time, radar detectors were very popular. I loved the ones that scrambled the cop ones and made them spew out incomprehensible or unrealistic readings.
Those were king until they made the ones that even offered to pay speeding tickets if you could prove you were using them when you got busted. So traffic cops resulted to relying heavily on actually getting behind you and watching their speedometer. I was NEVER caught this way. And I ALWAYS sped. What’s the point of investing in a stick shift Honda Prelude or an Acura Integra if you won’t speed? That’s like buying a submarine and using it as a sightseeing canoe.
Speed is not the only offense frowned upon on the road. There’s the drug dealer who kidnapped a rival kingpin’s wife and is tugging at her hair while jetting down the freeway at breakneck speeds…and yelling at her. Before, he’d immediately stop doing that having easily discerned the iconic Ford’s grill. Now, these guys show up in Mustangs, Chargers and supercharged Explorers. So even if you see them in time and decide to make a run for it, they still end up reeling you in.
"If we can find an approved drug that happens to kill these organisms, we've leapfrogged the development process that goes into assessing whether they are safe, which also makes them affordable throughout the world."
Schueler, immediate past president of the Oregon Emergency Nurses Association, said the association is pressing for the passage of Senate Bill 132. Speaking for the association but not on behalf of Legacy, Schueler said the bill which would make assaulting a healthcare worker providing services in a hospital a Class C felony. A conviction would carry a maximum five years in prison, a $125,000 fine or both.
Birkerts is concerned, in other words, about our souls, which may not survive when every moment of contemplation is ruptured, every immanence mediated, and the very concept of the unknown undone by Google. But there may yet be a way to preserve our souls, to make space for the transcendent even in the midst of our busy, digital lives.
What becomes of the contemplative mind, Birkerts wonders, when we let “the assumption of solvability take the place of what had always been a more provisional—possibly more investigatory—relation to our surroundings”? If the route can be easily found and followed, the answer easily called up, the right mate tabulated, the appropriate soundtrack predicted, what becomes of the “power of the immense unknown”? The iPhone fiddlers on a subway car may be doing business, filling the time, or, as Birkerts generously allows, engaged in a form of exploration. What they are not doing, though, is confronting the “unknown not just as what we don’t or can’t know, but as a philosophical premise of being—and ultimately the basis for seeing life as spiritually grounded.” Others—including the comedian Louis CK in a much-shared 2013 segment of Conan O’Brien’s TV show—have made more-or-less the same point. But Birkerts’s primary interest is in what happens to the imagination, that “mode of processing reality that is not amenable to statistics or calculations,” in a world where the unknown has been hidden away.
KH: There are things going on here at Boost that are going to make getting bitcoin a lot easier. We’re working with Gliph (another Boost startup), for example, to try and make it easier.
KH: It’s actually a fairly straightforward process. The complexity comes in on the state level, if the states do decide to consider bitcoin exchanges as money transmitters. There is a huge misconception that just because you’re a money transmitter on the federal level that doesn’t make you one on the state level. That’s where the difficulty and the massive regulatory costs come in.
A new book out this week shows how Gould, the first man to make systematic use of focus groups and the first to use the term New Labour, managed not only to breathe life into Labour but also to save the Conservative Party. The account of how he did so in Philip Gould – An Unfinished Life, edited by Dennis Kavanagh, includes tributes from David Miliband, Peter Mandelson and Andrew Cooper, currently David Cameron’s director of strategy. Yet the book also chronicles what is surely the slow death of politics as we have known it and the impotence of our political leaders to halt the decline.
All our politicians are struggling to find answers. They are losing power to the markets, to the big global corporations, to the emerging economies and to the media, notably to the social media made possible by new technology. Philip Gould himself believed that the revolution was never finished. He was also an optimist. Yet, as the ancien régime decays, it is hard to see how our politics is going to be revived.
Sitting in front of an internet connected device to focus increasingly feels like futile dieting. It’s too tempting to get that little hit of dopamine. Apps sit too eager to notify you of some pointless affair that seems more fun than the mental exercise you sat down to do. Somebody liked your post or the silly joke you made on twitter! That’s a small bit of excitement that can fill you — just like eating that M&M. A small reward that builds up to larger pain.
Notifications distract us, prompting us to make unhealthy choices with our attention. But why are they used for apps for even trivial things?
Instead I’m lost. More importantly I’m annoyed. My focus is sapped. I can’t get work done. Even a little bit of overspill of pointless events annoys me and makes my spam-dar go off. Stop doing it.
Perhaps even more important than all of the criticism outlined above, however, is the full-blown frontal assault on American independence and self-government. John F. McManus, president of The John Birch Society, the constitutionalist group credited by the architect of the North American Union with killing the anti-sovereignty scheme (the parent organization of The New American), noted in a recent column that the TPP has been marketed as a “trade” agreement that would help the U.S. economy, protect the environment, and more. “But a close examination of what is known about this pact (no copies have been made available, other than what has leaked out) reveals that it is far more than a mere trade pact,” McManus said. “Instead, it should be viewed as the beginning of a process similar to the one employed to create the European Union.”
Journalism with real independence and integrity is a rare thing. Truthout relies on reader donations – click here to make a tax-deductible contribution and support our work.
The TPP is about imposing a regulatory structure that will give corporations more power over the political process. It will make effective health, safety, and environmental regulation more difficult. It may also shield the financial sector from efforts to rein in the sort of abuses that led to the financial crisis. And, it will make drugs more expensive. The TPP is about redistributing income upward; it has no place on a serious inequality agenda.
The possibility that PeaceHealth’s refusal to cover my surgery might lead to a delay in me receiving the surgery made me extremely anxious and desperate. I told my parents I could not wait. They could see this was not about making a “choice” to have surgery – this was something I needed to be me. To come up with the $10,000 to pay for it, my parents dipped into my college fund and took a second mortgage on our house.
If he moves ahead to fulfill his campaign pledge, it will not be easy. Federal law, international pressure and resistance from inside the C.I.A. stand in his way. Even if he overcomes those obstacles, the toll of America’s agonizing treatment of captives has left a legacy of harm that will make it harder for Trump administration lawyers to justify resuming use of the tactics.
We are already living in the early years of the data age, with an incredible amount of information on all of us existing on the internet and in the databases of the myriad companies we interact with every day. As IOTA points out on its website, 99% of the data that is currently generated is lost due to there being no real way to sync-up the data generated by every internet-connected device. The Tangle makes it easy for companies to automate the sharing and selling of this data.
Cryptocurrency is so new, and IOTA is so different to every other player in the space, that there really is no guide by which to predict its future. The spikes and dips that have marked Bitcoin’s ascension can be plotted against trends experienced by other markets and technologies, allowing somewhat-educated guesses to be made about its future direction. But when something moves as suddenly as IOTA, all bets are off. The price could continue to sky-rocket or it could collapse tomorrow. The more speculation mounts, the more unpredictable things become.
But the coach was also careful to ensure the enthusiastic No 7 didn't unwittingly make enemies.
Tew shook his head, reminding him that Canterbury and Otago had a gentleman's agreement not to poach each other's players. But Otago made a dreadful mistake. They broke that deal and, suddenly, all bets were off.
McCaw joined the academy, was given some extra cash to make him feel appreciated, selected for Canterbury and the Crusaders and in late 2001 debuted for the All Blacks against Ireland.
"You have to make it change but it will come back your way and you have to be good enough to take those opportunities."
At the point where the Falcons war room was almost content with either. This opened the option that they could make a trade down, as several of the next teams behind them (namely Cleveland and Minnesota), had no percieved need at the tackle position and Detroit was in on fairly deep discussions into that trade possibility. There are dissenting thoughts on what exactly was offered but it generally revolves on two day three selections and a day two pick the following year. The conversations fell apart however once the falcons held firm on the need for either a third round pick in 2014 plus some slight pick increases in the third rounders or a first rounder the following year.
“We fought a good fight earlier this year, but we came up short and that means we've got to get back up and go back at it because as long as there are those who fight to make it as easy as possible for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun, then we've got to work as hard as possible for the sake of our children,” Obama said.
Hurricane Nicole passed over Bermuda on Thursday and moved out to sea. The storm hit Bermuda with plenty of wind and rain but never officially made landfall.
His promise will make the Prime Minister feel even more comfortable in his position.
Treasurer Scott Morrison, who has said he’s confident the Coalition won’t need crossbenchers to form a minority government, admitted yesterday that “the report has been issued on the basis of the election, they have made that very clear.”
After the Democratic presidential primaries that Sanders lost to Hillary Clinton, “Bernie said we need an organizing tool. We can’t win the wars,” Schumer said. “Our issues are right, although they should be bolder and more progressive, he would say, but we need organizing and not just during presidential campaign. So we thought maybe the [Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee] should do some of that, assuming Hillary was going to win. When the DNC [chairman’s job] opened up, he called me and said we need to make the DNC not a fundraising and political organization but a true organizing tool. I said, you’re exactly right.”
Pagano makes his NFL decision
Clemson junior defensive tackle Scott Pagano has officially made his decision to return to school for next season according to his Facebook account on Thursday.
We don't recognize that there are really two separate variables in the model, because we know that $x^2_i$ is ultimately the same variable as $x_i$ that we transformed and included in order to capture a curvilinear relationship between $x_i$ and $y_i$. That knowledge of the true nature of $x^2_i$, coupled with our belief that there is a curvilinear relationship between $x_i$ and $y_i$ is what makes it difficult for us to understand the way that it is still linear from the model's perspective. In addition, we visualize $x_i$ and $x^2_i$ together by looking at the marginal projection of the 3D function onto the 2D $x, y$ plane.
It may be easier to see in these images, which are screenshots of a rotated 3D figure made with the same data using the rgl package.
Instead, Gingrich resigned because House Republicans unexpectedly lost seats during the 1998 midterm elections. The Romney campaign sent us a few news clips making reference to the ethics probe when Gingrich resigned but neither The Washington Post article nor the New York Times article on his resignation made any mention of it.
Here Gingrich is echoing some of the points made in a humorous cartoon ad, imagining a debate between Romney and President Obama, produced by the pro-Gingrich super PAC, Winning Our Future. We previously awarded One Pinocchio to that ad. As we noted, Romney’s positions on abortion and gun control are now different, but Gingrich, particularly in this statement, suggests they have not changed.
The FDA has not made any decisions about whether to change how it approaches homeopathic products, said Cynthia Schnedar, director of the Office of Compliance at the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. “At this stage,” she said, “we are gathering information about whether to adjust our current enforcement policy.”
The following year, some young people engaged in a pre-planned quarrel and brought their own tomatoes from home. Although the police broke it up, this began the early tradition. In the following years, the young boys' example had unwittingly made history.
West Virginia: Rockefeller might still be an underdog to Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R), who entered the race before the incumbent retired. But that race would have been much closer, presumably, than Capito’s largely sleepy contest against West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant, and the National Republican Senatorial Committee would not have been able to just take a pass on the race, as it has this cycle. Capito’s strong performance as a candidate is an often overlooked bright spot for Republicans this cycle – she’s done so well, in a state where the GOP hasn’t won a Senate seat in more than a half century, that the race never became obviously competitive – but running in an open seat has made her job easier. The Crystal Ball rating here is Safe Republican; with Rockefeller in the race, we’d probably rate it just Leans Republican or maybe Toss-up. A few polls before Rockefeller retired suggested Capito would have started the race with a narrow lead, and Rockefeller did himself no favors by not being 100 percent pro-coal in recent years, a political problem in a state where coal is still king.
But as President Trump prepares for a 12-day swing through five Asian nations next month to bolster international pressure on Pyongyang, the administration is divided over whether he should make the pilgrimage, an issue that remains unresolved. Some aides worry a visit could further inflame already heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula, while others have expressed concern over Trump's personal safety, according to people who have spoken to administration officials.
George H.W. Bush is the only president since Reagan toured the DMZ in 1983 not to visit, although Bush did make his own trip while serving as Reagan's vice president.
“There will be advantages to companies that do indeed make their products here,” Trump said. “And I've always said, by the time you put them in these massive ships or airplanes and fly them and — I think it's gonna be cheaper.”
Economists disagreed. Although some said the policy could benefit some American workers by creating jobs and in turn expanding the U.S. economy, most said it would also impose a greater cost on companies, who would in turn pass those costs on to consumers. Either consumers would buy goods made in the United States, which would be more expensive because of the higher cost of American wages, or they would buy foreign goods that would be pricier because they had been subject to an additional tax.
“Companies of course have these international supply chains because it makes it cheaper for them to produce their products. So almost inevitably, if you don’t let them do that, their products will become more expensive for consumers,” said Stan Veuger, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “For sure it’s going to increase prices.”
Just how much prices would increase if more goods are made in the United States is unclear, but it could be substantial. Research firm IHS Technology has estimated that producing an iPhone domestically might inflate its price tag to as much as $2,000. As Business Insider has pointed out, U.S.-made jeans by Levi and JCrew range from 40 to 170 percent more than foreign-made styles. The same is true of a variety of products, including shoes and solar panels.
For Veuger and Bown, these dynamics create a paradox at the heart of Trump's job plan. If more products are made by U.S. workers, prices will rise for American consumers. If prices don't rise for American consumers, it's because the products are being made not by American workers, but by robots.
While shipping costs are substantial for some heavier items like steel, for many consumer products, transportation costs make up a far smaller percentage of the final cost than worker wages. Veuger pointed to the example of the Trump apparel collection, much of which was made elsewhere and imported: “[Trump] himself imports his ties from China. Presumably if the transportation costs were such a big deal, he’d make them in Wisconsin.”
Today they announced the winners of the 2015 international 3Rs prize, for the best papers developing an aspect of the 3Rs. There were two research papers jointly awarded the top prize. The first of the prizes was awarded to Dr Madeline Lancaster from the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, for a paper (1) describing a 3D model of the embryonic human brain made from stem cells. This is the first time the early development of the human brain has been able to be modelled in vitro, and may help replace some animal studies when studying neurological diseases such as Alzheimer’s. Watch the Tedx talk by Dr Lancaster below:
A Kipling poem hangs above my desk. I was still staring at it at 3 o’clock this morning, wide awake as the reactionaries relentlessly obsessed in the white noise of the internet. “If you can keep your head when all about you / Are losing theirs and blaming it on you, / If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, / But make allowance for their doubting too …”
My politics have not changed. I have been campaigning for the living wage for as long as I have been campaigning, and it was the Greens at their 2013 conference who made a commitment to it. I have been increasingly uncomfortable with the “drawbridges” rhetoric on immigration of the far right, and was horrified to see similar suggestions on leaflets under Labour party mastheads. I am deeply grateful to the Labour party for its commitment to the food bank debate in December 2013, but that petition was also widely supported and shared by Green party members and activists.
As always, James Day has performed an incredible amount of research to make sure that all aspects of the weapons and situations are covered with exquisite detail.
The Basic Game helps gets the players’ tracks wet and covers such concepts as basic line-of-site, vehicle commands, movement and attacking plus basic terrain. A basic scenario can be played in as little as 30 minutes depending on the number of tanks involved. Each tank is given a command marker which is initially placed face down. Basic commands include “Fire”, “Move”, “Over watch” and “Short Halt” (stop moving briefly and fire then move again). It is these command markers which make the game fast to play. While the versions of this game from the 70s and 80s used written commands which the players show to each other, all the new releases allow the players to place these command markers near their units and then flip them over to carry out the actions. These command markers, in fact, allow for a high degree of solitaire play-ability as all the player has to do is create a mix of command counters for the enemy based upon the scenario being played. Then the player can mix them up face down and put them next to the enemy units. Simply flip them over during the turn to see what the enemy “AI” does. It works pretty well.
In the Basic Game, a tank is rated for front and rear armor only. In the Advanced Game, each tank’s armor is broken in to ratings for 11 separate angles. To take out an enemy tank, the firing player must make a roll to hit the target with modifiers for range. All rolls are made with two 10-sided die. If a hit occurs, the shot still has to penetrate the target’s armor. Each unit has a data card which lists everything from its speed on different terrain to its gun types and penetration factor of its guns. If the shot penetrates the armor, then a 1d10 is rolled based upon the damage factor of the gun doing the shooting. Results run from a dud shell to damage to parts of the tank to leaving the target a burning wreck.
Let us remember that Australia's Grand Mufti Ibrahim Abu Mohamed is on record for saying that homosexuality and lesbianism are a "sexual perversion." In fact, you don't have to look far in Muslim websites to find evidence of Muslims decrying homosexuality as a disease of the West and calling for severe penalties against it. Sadly, the events unfolding in Orlando are proof that radicalised Muslims will even seek out and target LGBTI people. While it is undoubtedly wrong to associate this action with all Muslims, nevertheless it does evidence a link between Islamic extremism and violence towards innocent LGBTI men and women - violence that should make us mournful as enraged at such evil.
Faith communities do, after all, make a positive contribution to society through education, charities, as well as pastoral and chaplaincy services. While the Salvos, World Vision and the Red Crescent might not have done much for you personally, they do a great deal for a good many people all over the world. The Catholic Church is one of the largest employers in the country. Many Christian schools provide affordable private education to families who otherwise could not afford it. Out of the largest 25 charities in Australia, at least 23 of them are faith based. Do the social progressive really want to go nuclear on these faith-based charities for simply doing what they've been doing since federation? (If the answer is "yes," I suggest you start using the hashtag #ErastianismNow!)
Heisman winner and college football legend, famously known for his hail mary to beat Miami, Doug Flutie easily stands out here. However, due to his height, Flutie found most of his professional success in the Canadian Football League, winning three Grey Cups. He did make an NFL comeback after his stint in the CFL, earning a trip to the Pro Bowl and winning the Comeback Player of the Year award in 1998.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton insisted that she "had broken no rules" to conduct government business through the use of a private email service in lieu of the U.S. government's unclassified system, the Non-Classified Internet Protocol (IP) Router Network (abbreviated as NIPRNet) and the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet). These are a system of interconnected computer networks used by the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of State to transmit classified information. The U.S. government has spent billions of dollars developing, deploying, and protecting its internet protocol router networks to enable authorized government officials to conduct the business of government, properly exchange information, and intelligence, up to and including information classified SECRET, with others in the government (and their contractors) who are authorized and entitled to have it. Mrs. Clinton purposely avoided using the government's networks through the use of a homebrew server. That she found a way to transmit countless classified documents, up to and including special access program material, to her personal server has been made public and is not in question. The former Democratic presidential candidate disclosed that she and her aides had deleted more than 30,000 emails she deemed "personal." For a frame of reference, 30,000 emails printed out represents a stack of 60 reams of paper, a stack 11 feet tall. When the FBI retrieved the spools of microfilm, the Alger Hiss "Pumpkin Papers" printed out to a stack four and a half feet tall. Hillary Clinton and the FBI have learned much from the Alger Hiss case. The American public will not be able to read a transcript of Hillary Clinton's interview with the FBI, because the bureau did not transcribe it. Furthermore, Mrs. Clinton was also not placed under oath during the three-and-a-half-hour interview. When Mrs. Clinton wasn't placed under oath, she could not be charged with lying to the FBI, as Alger Hiss was eventually charged with and convicted of. There doesn't seem to be a race against the clock for the Trump DOJ to charge Mrs. Clinton with espionage. Alger Hiss escaped prosecution under the Espionage Act of 1917 due to the statute of limitations having expired. Also, there was no appetite by the DOJ to charge the former senior State Department official and Democrat lawyer. Although federal statute USC 3282 provides for a five-year statute of limitation for the vast majority of federal crimes, this statute of limitations does not necessarily stand in the case of espionage prosecution. It is generally agreed by legal scholars that acts of espionage can be prosecuted for at least ten years after the alleged act. I wish Congressman Trey Gowdy could give Attorney General Sessions a lesson on Spoliation of Evidence, with which attorneys fresh out of law school are familiar. Hillary Clinton's deletion of 30,000 emails is a classic case. When parties fail to produce relevant evidence within their span of control, evidence they are otherwise naturally expected to possess, the U.S. legal system allows and even mandates that unfavorable presumptions be drawn against them. So when some item of relevant evidence – whether documents, physical objects, or data relevant to an ongoing legal matter – is destroyed, discarded, or modified in some way, the U.S. legal system allows us to presume that the missing evidence was unfavorable to that party and allows us to draw conclusions accordingly. The classic junior high school excuse, "the dog ate my homework," isn't valid under the law when the disappearance is suspicious. Spoliation of evidence is prohibited by an array of laws and regulations. Also, anyone who destroys relevant evidence or assists in such destruction is subject to criminal prosecution, civil fines, tort liability, exclusion of testimony, and dismissal of claims, as well as adverse evidentiary inferences. We have little way of knowing if any one of the 33,000 missing documents under Mrs. Clinton's control could have been used "to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of a foreign nation." The Trump DOJ should be making all possible efforts to retrieve the missing 33,000 emails and determine once and for all: "was it espionage or was it yoga?" "You don't use BleachBit for yoga emails or for bridesmaids emails," Congressman Trey Gowdy said in an interview to Fox News. "When you are using BleachBit, it is something you really do not want the world to see." The cabal of President Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and FBI director James Comey did everything they could to protect Hillary Clinton from the politically explosive charge of espionage when it was obvious to anyone in the intelligence community what she was doing. There is sufficient and obvious evidence that like the Soviet spy Alger Hiss, Mrs. Clinton should be charged with espionage before the statute of limitations runs out.
Watch below: In response to fans, Rogers Place has made a few changes to help speed up washroom lineups during hockey games.
“I go to the washroom that’s always the women’s washroom and it’s a men’s washroom. So we make our way three-quarters of the way around the building and the women’s washroom is 60 deep,” she explained. “There was no lineup at the men’s washroom that was previously the women’s washroom, so that made it even more frustrating.”
“We clicker count, we’ve got people watching the lines and again, we’re studying them and doing everything we can operationally to make it as comfortable as we can for our fans.”
“You’ll never make everyone happy. I think we actually feel good about what we’ve done. The men are getting through faster, the women are seeing a little more of a delay.”
“I don’t know why they couldn’t make it just one unisex bathroom. You could have a choice. If you don’t want unisex, you go to the guys’ or you go to the girls’ washroom,” she said, suggesting the idea as a means of eliminating the wait times for both genders.
Because of the stateless nature of web servers, it makes sense for every action you want to do to have a route associated with it. The server needs to have some context to tell it what you are trying to do, so it can figure out what code you’re trying to run. All of this is necessary because the browser is disconnected from the server. The server doesn’t know that you’re looking at item #1 or the list of items. It knows nothing about what you’re doing until your browser tells the server to do something.
Because of the stateful nature of a Backbone application, there are times when it doesn’t make sense to use a route, though it technically works.
To prevent these bad scenarios and prevent unwanted errors from models not existing when the router fires the delete code again, we have to put null checks around things. This makes our code a little uglier, a little less readable and gives us more to maintain over time.
Beyond the issues that I’ve addressed, there are additional benefits of building views and delete functionality in this manner. Backbone contains a tremendous amount of power and provides a lot of features for us to take advantage of. Every time we stay within the boundaries that Backbone outlines, it makes it that much easier for us to use the additional features provided to us.
Alshon Jeffery made the bold prediction in January that the Bears would win the Super Bowl next season. Perhaps he should have just said "I" will win a Super Bowl.
People have donated cash, created graphics, distributed literature, wrote letters to lawmakers, made phone calls, and just emailed us and called to say thank you for what we are doing. You have kept us inspired!
While we would obviously welcome a $1000 donation, a contribution in any amount would help tremendously. Go here and make a donation – $10 – $25 – $50 – $100 – $500 -$1000 – Other.
The Dapper Deck Deluxe is comprised of a heavy wooden box that previews the Dapper Deck design. Inside you are supplied with a deck of each color--navy and orange--as well as the pocket square (made of the finest quality silk available to us) and a thin, silk tie. A practice mirror is provided on the lid of the box for a quick check to make sure your hands are nimble and your tie is on straight. And an ornamental lock and key are provided to keep unsuspecting eyes away from the secrets of the Dapper Deck.
Does your EpiPen cost a fortune? Blame Mylan for that. Anger and bipartisan disgust toward Mylan, the drugmaker that sells the EpiPen, increased after the company hiked up prices to $608 for a two-pack, up from about $100 in 2009. The company is also under fire for other shady practices involving the CEO’s mother. But Mylan's chief executive says not so fast."I think many people incorrectly assume we make $600 off each EpiPen. This is simply not true," CEO Heather Bresch told a House committee in Washington. Missing from Bresch’s testimony: an apology. She instead defended her $18 million compensation package. The public isn’t buying it.
Forecast in 'Future', new Nikes make tying laces a thing of the past
Move over Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Snapchat and iMessage, Allo has arrived. Google’s new messaging app, Allo (pronounced aloe, not all-o), was announced in May during Google’s I/O conference. But it debuted Wednesday in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Allo is Google’s answer to the new wave of messaging apps dominated by Facebook. It’s also a coming out party for the A.I.-driven Google Assistant. Allo gives you smart reply buttons and more than two-dozen stickers to express yourself. It has a Snapchat feature that lets you send private end-to-end, encrypted messages that can be made to disappear after they've been read. Google has designs on taking down Amazon with its Google Home, Daydream and Android Instant apps.
Fisher was born in Merrick, New York, on Long Island,[2] to Elliot and Roseann Fisher;[4] her father was Jewish while her mother's family, Fisher said, was "a mixture of a lot of different things, including English."[5] As a 16-year-old student at Kennedy High School in Bellmore, New York,[6] Fisher began an allegedly sexual relationship with 35-year-old Joey Buttafuoco, who denied her claim, after damaging the car her parents had given her for her 16th birthday and appealing to Buttafuoco, owner of the body shop to which she took it, to make the repairs without her family knowing of the damage.[7]
In September 1992, the tabloid television show Hard Copy broadcast a videotaped conversation between Fisher and Paul Makely, the owner of a gym in Massapequa. In the tape, recorded hours before she agreed to the plea in court, Fisher could be seen talking about her future, saying that she wanted to get married to Makely so he could visit her in prison. Fisher explained that her lawyer believed requiring people to be married for such visits was unconstitutional, and that she intended to challenge the law on this matter. Fisher could be seen on the tape saying: "That will keep my name in the press. I want my name in the press. Why? Because I can make a lot of money. I figure if I'm going through all this pain and suffering, I'm getting a Ferrari." Prior to the Paul Makely Tape, Peter de Rosa, 29, secretly recorded Fisher in an act of prostitution with him in March 1992, Fisher was 17 at the time.[9][10][11]
Joey Buttafuoco denied having an affair with Fisher. In October 1992, the Nassau County District Attorney stated that Buttafuoco would not be prosecuted. However, in February 1993, the case against him was reopened due to rape charges made by Fisher. She testified against him in court and based on this testimony and hotel receipts (dated before Fisher's 17th birthday) with Buttafuoco's signature on them, Buttafuoco was charged with statutory rape. Buttafuoco pleaded guilty in October 1993. He served six months in prison.[13]
Swift in particular has been conflicted for some time over the curious situation that arises when a parent wants to do the best for her child but in the process makes the playing field for others even more lopsided.
‘Parenting a child makes for what we call a distinctive and special contribution to the flourishing and wellbeing of adults.’
Swift makes it clear that although both elite schooling and bedtime stories might both skew the family game, restricting the former would not interfere with the creation of the special loving bond that families give rise to. Taking the books away is another story.
It’s the usual bind in ethics and moral philosophy: very often values clash and you have to make a call. For Swift and Brighouse, the line sits shy of private schooling, inheritance and other predominantly economic ways of conferring advantage.
‘We think that although in practice it makes sense to parent your biological offspring, that is not the same as saying that in virtue of having produced the child the biological parent has the right to parent.’
Then I realized, I’m getting even more tired while doing nothing. I made a conclusion that it’s nice to do nothing when you have something to do, but not when there is no work at all…
A free time – is a great chance to suggest your ideas for a teamwork optimization and improve your soft skills. So you can try to think about ways to make your current or future products better. For example, you can help the design team or the business team come up with ideas for future releases, new features that can be added, removed or replaced. You can also observe how your colleagues work and figure out how you can help them do their jobs better.
Even a bad code can work. But if code isn’t clean, it can bring a development organization to its knees. Every year, countless hours and significant resources are lost because of poorly written code. But it doesn’t have to be that way.Martin has teamed up with his colleagues from Object Mentor to distill their best Agile practice of cleaning code “on the fly” into a book that will instill within you the values of a software craftsman and make you a better programmer – but only if you work at it.
Judith Browne Dianis, co-director of the Advancement Project, which challenged the law in court, hailed Simpson's ruling. "The evidence made it clear to the judge that this law would indeed disenfranchise voters and that the Commonwealth was not equipped to implement it fairly right now," she said in a statement.
At his blog, Mr Bernanke worked through these arguments and then made an important, if not entirely original, point. Unless one assumes that the entire world is in secular stagnation, secular stagnation shouldn't really be much of a long-term problem. Old countries with poor growth prospects might accumulate lots of savings and have little need for big investments. But those countries shouldn't suffer from chronic weak demand. Instead, the excess saving should flow abroad in search of better returns. Capital outflows should weaken the domestic currency, and that should lead to rising import demand from abroad. A stagnating economy should be able to export its way to a healthy level of demand.
That isn't that hard to understand. Should capital flow to China? Given the massive investment the country has experienced over the last 15 years the return on new capital might not be especially high; meanwhile, controls on capital flows into and out of the country still make investing there more of a challenge than investing in rich economies. Many of the emerging economies with financial markets that are developed enough to handle portfolio inflows are not obviously in a position to deliver high returns: think of Brazil or Russia, for example. In much of the emerging world large-scale portfolio investment is basically impossible; foreign-direct investment is the only real option, and FDI cannot be done well at scale. That is in some ways a good thing. In countries with weak institutions a tidal wave of foreign capital could cause more harm than good. And even the limited investment that is made is illiquid, and while returns may be good on average the variance is high.
Yet even then, there is a second concern: that while there are lots of positive return investments not being made in America there probably aren't that many positive return investments not being made in America. American public infrastructure needs are enormous but probably amount to about $200 billion a year at the absolute most, which is less than the euro-zone current-account surplus. Directing money to uses beyond those would probably yield relatively low returns, at least in narrow financial terms. (If America wanted to borrow heavily to build a moon base that's its business.)
What this discussion should make clear is that secular stagnation isn't much of a puzzle. Rather, it is a dilemma. The ageing societies of the rich world want rapid income growth and low inflation and a decent return on safe investments and limited redistribution and low levels of immigration. Well you can't have all of that. And what they have decided is that what they're prepared to sacrifice is the rapid income growth. In aggregate that decision looks somewhat reasonable if not entirely right. But it is a choice with pretty significant distributional consequences. And the second era of secular stagnation will come to an end when political and demographic shifts allow the losers from this arrangement to say: enough.
Due to the quantum properties of light, any attempt by a hacker to observe the Q&A exchange would, as physicists say, collapse the quantum nature of the light and destroy the information being transmitted. This makes Quantum-Secure Authentication unbreakable regardless of any future developments in technology.
The Game Boy Color was the first foray into portable gaming for many. Its simple, pocketable form and sturdy build made it the perfect entertainment device for kids. Its vast library of games made it the perfect companion for long car rides, birthday parties, a trip to grandmas, or Saturday mornings lounging on the couch. It was a major step up from its predecessors, the Game Boy and Game Boy Pocket, boasting improved processing speed and a glorious color display. However, the lack of a lit screen meant playing at night was a hassle, requiring you to sit directly under a light source or utilize one of the many available accessories, such as the infamous "worm light".
There were many copycats clambering to cash in on Nintendo's success, releasing all manner of knockoffs, many of which were nothing more than simple one-game machines with a shell made to resemble a Game Boy. However, there were a handful of respectable clones that played the original software, and a Chinese company by the name of Kong Feng were one such producer, cloning the Game Boy Pocket (GB Boy) and then the Game By Color (GB Boy Colour). They later came out with a GBA SP model, but it's just the GB Boy Colour with a different shell.
The GB Boy Colour, in addition to playing original Game Boy and Game Boy Color cartridges, supports multiplayer via link-cable, has a headphone jack, and can be powered via AC adapter. It does have an infrared lens, but there don't appear to be any infrared LEDs inside. Physically, it's practically identical to the real thing, though it is slightly bigger, and has a rectangular screen which distorts the graphics ever so slightly. The buttons don't quite live up to Nintendo standards, but clones never do. They're less mushy and more firm (which makes quickly rocking the D-Pad a little more difficult), but they're not terrible by any means and are quite comfortable. Unlike a lot of knockoff handhelds, this one is surprisingly well built. It's got some weight to it and doesn't feel like it'll crumble under the force of your thumbs. The battery life is excellent, giving enough playtime even on store-brand batteries to play through the majority of Link's Awakening, and the speaker is significantly louder than that on the original GBC. When they're almost out of juice, the system will repeatedly reset to the boot screen.
Aside from the back-lit screen, the biggest reason to hunt one of these units down is for the built-in games. The box touts a whopping 188 titles, but it's really 66 listed three times each. Unfortunately, not every GB Boy Colour out there comes with these on-board games for one reason or another, so make sure you know what you're buying if you do decide to pick one up. This handheld was produced in blue, green, yellow, crystal blue, crystal purple, and crystal green.
Another driver who missed out on a chance to advance to the final despite being in a position to do so was Sverre Isachsen. The Subaru driver was running in third position until he made heavy contact with an outside wall.
To address safety issues, the scooters will be limited to 10 mph in the core campus area. A campus map showing designated parking sites will be made available later this week. An example of a designated scooter parking area is shown on the right.
According to sources, the education department too has made a tentative list of students with an 'iffy' EWS background.
'The list was made after schools and others noticed certain EWS candidates coming to school in private cars,' a senior education department official said.
Each of these applications is verified by the local office staff who make a visit to the address to ascertain the claim of the applicant.
New works of art usually enter the public domain through a process involving death and patience. It is a rarer occasion that living people set about to make a resource public domain, and even rarer so when that effort involves thousands of people collaborating and pooling their time, energy, and money. That's what's happening on MuseScore.com with the first public review of the Open Well-Tempered Clavier score, a new edition of J.S. Bach's musical masterpiece (BWV 846-869).
That's why the Open Well-Tempered Clavier project (campaign on Kickstarter) was created: to make a modern, digital version of Bach's work, and to license it freely (in this case with the Creative Commons Zero—CC0—license remover). So that there is no doubt about allowed use—all uses are allowed and encouraged. The companion recording of the work, played on piano by Kimiko Ishizaka, also CC0, will be released in March of this year.
Such education may stop Goldstein from generalising. In his statement, he makes another interesting point. Dreads aren’t “something that all across the board [African Americans] believe in”, Goldstein states, and he’s right. There’s the mum with the weave who nags her son because she thinks his dreadlocks are disgusting. There’s the cornrowed teenager who believes that hair carries no meaning. But to go on to claim that black hair is just “something that they wear on their head” is ignorant in the extreme.
Barnwell liked the first big move the Colts made over the offseason, which was to bring in Chris Ballard as general manager after firing Ryan Grigson.
"The Colts have brought in a ton of young, short-term defensive help with upside in what will be an evaluation year," wrote Barnewell. "Grigson made some moves like this early in his tenure with Indy, targeting players like Greg Toler and Ricky Jean-Francois, but they were on far larger deals and expected to be long-term starters at their positions. With the sort of contracts Ballard is handing out, the guys who stick will be under contract for a couple of more seasons, while the ones who don't will be giving way to a more sustainable defensive model."
"No draft strategy is foolproof," Barnwell wrote. "These guys may not work out. Chuck Pagano hasn't done a great job of bringing along young defensive talent in Indy, and this new batch of defenders could fall victim to the same fate. As a coherent plan, though, what Indianapolis did this offseason made a ton of sense."
The Colts made some big steps this offseason, and the team looks much different as a result. We'll find out soon enough if those steps lead to success on the field in 2017, but for now, the team is decidedly moving in a new direction that is widely perceived to be positive.
For the last two days I’ve been torn on which bag to take. My Timbuk2 is emotionally comfortable. It’s an old friend, tested and true. It’s far less cumbersome, which on a trip governed by simplicity, seems reason enough. I feel it makes me look like less of a tourist, and perhaps, less of a target.
Despite her reluctance, Jaroldeen agreed and made the two-hour drive in the rain and fog with Carolyn. When they arrived at the daffodil garden, Jaroldeen couldn’t believe her eyes:
Next up is [Jenny List] with The Australia Project. [Jenny] is a hacker from Europe. She’s hoping to use a Pi Zero to talk to Australia. “Talk” may be pushing it a bit though. The Australia Project will use the Weak Signal Propagation Reporter (WSPR) network to transmit RF straight out of the Pi’s GPIO ports. All that is required is a good filter, an antenna, and a balun. The filter in this case is a 7-pole Chebyshev low-pass filter. The filter keeps the Pi’s harmonic filled square waves from messing up every band from DC to light. [Jenny] normally sells these filters as a kit, but she’s made a special version specifically for the Pi Zero.
[Radomir Dopieralski] has brought his signature walking robots to the Pi Zero world with Tote Zero. Tote Zero is a quadruped walking robot built mainly from 9 gram servos. [Radomir’s] custom tote board interfaces the servos to the Pi Zero itself. The Pi Zero opens all sorts of doors for sensors, vision, and advanced processing. The Arduino board on the original Tote would have been hard pressed to pull that off. Tote is programmed in Python, which will make the code quick and easy to develop. Tote Zero just took its first steps a few days ago, so follow along as a new robot is born!
All the attention buoyed the PieLab collaborators. But it also created problems. When Project M first arrived in Greensboro, some folk bristled at the language it employed. The conflicts began with the 2007 Buy-a-Meter project. To get the initiative under way, Project M used stark black-and-white photos (and starker messages) to draw attention to area families who lacked access to the municipal water supply. The pamphlet campaign raised about $50,000. HERO, working in conjunction with Project M, used this money to purchase and install more than 100 water meters. Beyond Alabama, Buy-a-Meter was celebrated as a financial and critical success. But back home, the slogan — “In Hale County, Alabama, Water Is Not a Right,” splayed across a gatefold photograph of Greensboro’s Main Street — did not always play so well. Tensions increased when a group of designers proposed a National Design Center for Rural Poverty Programs in Greensboro. To make clear the need, they described Hale County as a place where an “impoverished population suffers from substandard housing, education, health care and job opportunities.”
She has gone on to make a name for herself on the show, doing some memorable turns on “Weekend Update” and showing off impressions of such notables as Michelle Obama and singer Rihanna.
“I took a class to see what it was all about and got hooked immediately. I went through the whole program and made a home there and realized that comedy was where I was headed,” she said.
Out of that success, Kentucky is seeing players make the jump from the college game to the professional ranks. Two such players are Arin Gilliland and Courtney Raetzman, who are teammates once again in Chicago after playing together at Kentucky for three seasons (2012–2014).
Unlike Gilliland, who played all over the field, Courtney Raetzman filled a different role on the field for Lipsitz. After making the transition to the college game and recovering from a medial collateral ligament injury in her sophomore year, she made the move to a deeper-lying position in the midfield the following season.
“There are some players that you have to coach and make sure they do see what they need to work on,” he said. “Courtney is the opposite. You need to say to her, ‘Actually, you played really well,’ but she would come to me and say that ‘But remember in the 42nd minute that the touch I had wasn’t smart.’ That’s how she is.”
“For a team that has got a lot of very, very good soccer players with very good soccer IQs, rather than being that blue-collar team [from 2015] that pushed through to get results — that’s still something we still want to have but we are trying to evolve ourselves to being a blue-collar, soccer-minded team — I think we have been struggling to find our identity with that and to make it work, but it has been coming together these past few games and our practices have been really good,” she said.
Although this spring was a disappointing one for morels in my area, the past week’s mushroom haul has more than made up for it.
Sending and receiving SMS messages are fundamental features on mobile devices and many developers have built successful apps that enhance this experience on Android. Some of you have built SMS apps using hidden APIs—a practice we discourage because hidden APIs may be changed or removed and new devices are not tested against them for compatibility. So, to provide you with a fully supported set of APIs for building SMS apps and to make the user experience for messaging more predictable, Android 4.4 (KitKat) makes the existing APIs public and adds the concept of a default SMS app, which the user can select in system settings.
This means that if you are using the hidden SMS APIs on previous platform versions, you need to make some adjustments so your app continues to work when Android 4.4 is released later this year.
When the user decides to use your app for messaging, you can display a dialog hosted by the system that allows the user to make your app the default SMS app. To display the dialog, call startActivity() with the Telephony.Sms.Intents.ACTION_CHANGE_DEFAULT intent, including an extra with the Sms.Intents.EXTRA_PACKAGE_NAME key and your package name as the string value.
We encourage you to update your apps as soon as possible to provide your users the best experience on Android. To help you make the changes, we'll soon be providing the necessary SDK components for Android 4.4 that allow you to compile and test your changes on Android 4.4. Stay tuned!
Smith makes $13 an hour as a certified nursing assistant at Mercy Medical Center but must also work a second job to help her and her fiance make ends meet.
"Even $10 an hour would make a big difference," said Muir, 21, who must live with her mother so she has enough money to care for her son, QueLeone.
For computational accounts to be made more relevant to humanities narratology, two issues need to be confronted: (a) the challenge of interdisciplinary communication across substantial methodological divides, especially given the shift in interest of post-classical narratology away from the precise analyses that characterized its structuralist phase; (b) the fact that computational representations and techniques for story generation are not general enough to concoct anything other than very short, relatively simple stories (such as fairy tales), let alone epics or novels (Gervás et al. Gervás, Pablo, Birte Lönneker-Rodman, Jan Christoph Meister & Federico Peinado (2006). “Narrative Models: Narratology Meets Artificial Intelligence.” Proceedings of the LREC-06 workshop Toward Computational Models of Literary Analysis, Genoa, Italy. 2006 ). The availability of multimillion-word narrative corpora and advanced machine learning algorithms used for training computational approaches can partially alleviate this problem, though annotating narratological information can be expensive.
If the fundraiser meets its target, the videos will be made available to view at no cost, on the J4MB and AVfM websites.
Please donate what you can, to help make this important project a reality. Thanks.
If everyone who read this gave us just £1 – or even better, £1 monthly – we could change the world. Click here to make a difference. Thanks.
Record lost her own health coverage through Medicaid two years ago after Maine failed to accept federal funding made available through the Affordable Care Act to expand the program.
Walker, who is involved with a local Indivisible group, said she has been trying to reach Poliquin for weeks. She has visited his office and made appointments with his staff only to have them cancelled. She’s disappointed that he continues to refuse to hold a public town to discuss an issue of such importance, especially to his older constituents and those who live in rural areas.
“He was just being condescending and acting like he was supportive and was trying to say what people wanted to hear even though it was not true, and that’s the message most of the residents in there got,” said Record. “We were talking about it before he showed up and we knew that when Poliquin said that he was coming to make an announcement that it was going to be bullshit.”
An article in Popular Mechanics noted that CUPID is made from many commonly available parts already used by hobbyists and that Hurley admitted that knowledgeable people could probably figure out how his team built the stun-gun-equipped copter. So although Chaotic Moon is not releasing the drone’s blueprint to the public, copycat versions could easily emerge.
What also made the X-47B unique is the fact that it is not only unmanned, but unpiloted — it uses a pre-programmed algorithm and GPS data.
Below is a message from the one of the members, posted on Pastebay. The poor English makes me think that one of the Chinese hackers wrote this, as opposed to someone from the Anonymous China group, which has instead been writing terrible Chinese (they said they're working on it). Then again, it really can be anyone from Anonymous whose first language isn't English.
Hi, we won't speak in name of @AnonymousChina, this time, we are going to speak in name of every single Anonymous person. Anonymous is an idea and we aren't here for tell you that over and over again. In this moment, that you are reading this, we are going to tell you why "the haters" should like Anonymous. Of course, that would be more exciting and more inspiring if this message was a video in YouTube, with someone talking and pictures and a song that touch in your heart. So before we start, try to make yourself inspiring, play your song and let's start. Like we said, we are not going to talk about what is Anonymous, probably you already heard many times, and still, you think bad about us. First, about Anonymous hackers. We deface and leak government websites, we DoX politics, we try to share this particullary words:"Something is wrong in our world". So for that, i don't know why people still support their government, even knowing the truth, well deep inside. For those who hate that Anonymous go to protests, made a Free Hug day. What is your problem? Do you like that banks and the government still your money? Do you like to have no human rights? Do you like to be with no job? I think the answer is no! So if you read this and still think the same, read again and with a song more touching. If now you are part of an idea, welcome my friend, we were expecting you. We will always love everyone in the 99% if you are part of the 1%, because you are rich and don't care about people... We all hope you chnage your mind and help us.
Outside computers are illegal (except for the very highest elite, for whom many official rules do not apply); the only acceptable computers are produced by Morning Panda, a government-run company that makes only a few thousand computers every year.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
There are indeed different assumptions which can be made regarding how the surface temperature relates to the average temperature of the first layer, which is assumed to be 50 m thick. How these various assumptions change the final conclusion will require additional work on our part.
Video (01:21) : The players made a number of demands from University of Minnesota officials and said the team would boycott the Holiday Bowl game if they were not met.
Gophers coach Tracy Claeys expressed support for his players, tweeting, “Have never been more proud of our kids. I respect their rights & support their effort to make a better world!”
“This decision for the players to take this stance is not easy, but important to preserve the integrity of our program and ourselves,” Wolitarsky said. “We note that the Holiday Bowl Committee, Washington State and the fans are affected by that decision. To that end, we respectfully request that the Holiday Bowl Committee be patient during this time, while Mark Coyle considers his decision to suspend. We also want to request that Mark Coyle make his decision with due haste.”
A source confirmed that Northern Illinois is next in line for a bowl game and a candidate to replace Minnesota in the Holiday Bowl. The decision on whether Minnesota will play likely needs to be made in the next few days, as a potential replacement team would need time to prepare.
Kaler said in a letter Wednesday to university boosters that Claeys made the decision to suspend the players, with support from Coyle. Later in the evening, Coyle clarified that he made the decision in consultation with Claeys.
But two sources said Thursday that the decision was made above Claeys.
“Mark Coyle did it,” Wolitarsky said. When told of Kaler’s statement that Claeys made the decision, Wolitarsky said, “I don’t believe that.”
Kaler and Coyle’s statement said: “We understand that a lot of confusion and frustration exists as a result of this week’s suspension[s]. ... The reality is that not everyone can have all of the facts, and unfortunately the University cannot share more information due to federal laws regarding student privacy. We fully support our Gopher football players and all of our student-athletes. Situations like this are always difficult and the decision was made in consultation with and has the full support of President Eric Kaler. The decision was based on facts and is reflective of the University’s values.
About an hour and a half later, she said, she was allowed to leave. She called her sister, who told her to go to the hospital immediately, where she was given a rape exam, while her mother made a report to Minneapolis police. The next day, an officer sat down with the student, who described her version of what happened.
Afterward, the alleged victim filed a restraining order against six of the players, asking that they be made to stay away from the stadium. After a judge granted the orders, the woman dropped a petition against one of the players.
In case you’ve been under a rock the last 12 hours—or asleep, which is understandable—the game’s making headlines: I’ve seen everything from the wink-wink “Super ‘Bowl’” to the less discrete “Pot Bowl,” “Weed Bowl” and “Bong Bowl.” Yes, both Colorado and Washington have legalized recreational marijuana. We know this. Since partaking in the substance will land you in the clink everywhere else, I’m officially hijacking this line of thinking and dubbing the upcoming event based on something else those two states are know for: hops. Let’s get ready for the Hop Bowl (I know it doesn’t make any sense, but let’s run with it).
NEW DELHI: Ringing Bells , a little-known company that ran into controversy after announcing a Rs 251 'smartphone' , today claimed it will start deliveries of the handset to customers from June 28.Deliveries will start to customers who have registered for buying the phone, Noida-based company's director Mohit Goel said."We will start shipment of Freedom251 from June 28 to customers who paid for it earlier on COD (cash-on-delivery) basis," he told .Ringing Bells began selling the handset, Freedom251, via its website in February. But the launch of the smartphone, touted to be the world's cheapest, swirled into controversy, with some calling it a ponzy scheme .Also, the website of the company crashed during two-day sale due to huge response from prospective buyers. The company claimed that around 30,000 customers had booked the phone despite the glitch.The company, however, withdrew the product and refunded the payments to customers following a close scrutiny by government agencies.The company had said about 30,000 people paid for booking the phone and over 7 crore people registered for it.Later, the company said that it would deliver the phone on cash-on-delivery mode to those who placed the order.Goel said that Ringing Bells has a foolproof plan to support the price but did not disclose it.Ringing Bells president Ashok Chaddha had explained earlier that the manufacturing cost of the phone was about Rs 2,500, which had to be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.He had said that the company would make phones in India that would lead to 13.8% savings on duties and further save on cost by selling it online.The phone was to be manufactured in Noida and Uttaranchal."Two plants will be set up for Rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones. The money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.5:1)," Chaddha had said.However, industry players had expressed doubt over the claim. Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad too had asked the Department of Electronics and IT to look into the matter.The company had also come under the scanner of Excise and Income Tax Departments amid debate over the feasibility of a 3G-enabled handset for Rs 251.
Yet, even the FBI admits there is no convincing evidence linking the leaked emails as an effort by Russia to boost Trump's victory chances on Nov.8th. And judging by the tarnished reputations of the Republican and Democratic contenders, it should come as no surprise that Russia has no clear favorite in this American dog race, which make the hacking charges against Moscow all the more ridiculous.
Nor did the Russians have anything to do with those decisions made by the Obama administration.
Benefits are subject to the terms and conditions (including the limits, sub-limits and exclusions) of the insurance policy. "Travel with Jane" is a trading name of Insured by Us (ABN 84 604 520 952) located at Level 5, 63 York Street, Sydney, NSW 2000.Please make sure to read the Product Disclosure Statement and Financial Services Guide to make sure that the product meets your needs. The policy is issued through YourCover Pty Ltd (ABN 35 169 038 466 AFSL 461299) Coverholder at Lloyd's underwritten by certain underwriters at Lloyd's.
You probably already know that chocolate and coconut is one of my favorite combinations. This is optional, but I added some hazelnuts to the truffle mixture, and I think that they make the taste of the truffles special and indulgent. However, you can replace hazelnuts with any nuts or seeds you like, or you can just skip this step.
Karl Unnasch’s The Ruminant (The Grand Masticator) towered like an odd cathedral in the cornfield — it’s fitting that a pilgrimage was required to view the work. Reversing the historical course of a serf’s travel to the city for the sake of a sacred spectacle, this required a journey, leaving the urban behind for the rural, for renewal. The Ruminant was made for the Farm D-tour — on view as part of The Wormfarm Institute’s Fermentation Fest in Reedsburg, Wisconsin from October 4 to 13. Unnasch’s monumental piece mashes up the histories of stained glass, comic books and farm machinery to create a funny, expansive re-telling of the harvest narrative.
Viewfinder posts are your opportunity to “show & tell” about the everyday arts happenings, interesting sights and sounds made or as seen by Minnesota artists, because art is where you find it. Submit your own informal, first-person responses to the art around you to editor(at)mnartists.org, and we may well publish your piece here on the blog. (Guidelines: 300 words or less, not about your own event/work, and please include an image, media, video, or audio file, and one sentence about yourself.)
If you can try it yourself, you can do so with a small set of commands. First, make sure you have Go installed and GOPATH properly set.
mkdir -p ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/bblfsh/ cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/bblfsh/ git clone https://github.com/bblfsh/tools.git cd tools make dependencies go build
As society expands, so do the needs of those living within society. Everything is new. Advances in technology are made daily. Fashion is as mutable as the weather. New and old conspiracies hit the newspaper headlines without ceasing. One cannot help feeling at a loss living under such demands to keep up. Searching for ever elusive identity and security in the midst of an upbeat nation seems to deepen the void within. Almost everyone longs for comfort and escape. These needs are often pacified through outlets like exercise, work, eating and gambling, to name a few. Unfortunately, many people fall face-first into a drug lifestyle. It always seems like the right answer...until people find themselves fixed, unable to escape from the bondage they have created. Inevitably, they are back where they started, drowning in self-condemnation and despair.
Crystal meth now rivals cocaine as the drug of choice in many parts of the United States. Unlike cocaine, meth does not need to be smuggled into the United States. It costs less with similar effects and it can be made in people's homes. The Federal Government recently reported, "While cocaine use continues to slow, meth has taken its place as the most widely abused drug in the United States." At the same time, the U.S. Department of Justice has named meth the "drug of choice" among youth.
Methamphetamine, or Phenyl Isopropyl Methyline, is a classified stimulant. Stimulants, by definition, are chemical compounds that accelerate activity within the central nervous system. Stimulants appear naturally in animals and in humans in the form of adrenaline and epinephrine. Much like natural stimulants, man made ones stimulate the body's ability to perform physical activity under situations of stress.
At low doses the drug can block hunger, focus attention, steady the hear and boost endurance. At high doses the drug briefly makes the body feel good, but kills the brain in the process. Meth sends a message to the brain cells to fire more dopamine, a feel-good chemical that is also critical to normal brain functioning. Hours after it is ingested, cell receptors begin to turn off to slow the flow of dopamine, and this is where meth differs from other stimulants, such as cocaine. While other stimulants allow brain cells to capture and repackage dopamine, meth does not. The brain cells respond by releasing an enzyme to knock out the extra dopamine. With repeated use, the enzymes eventually kill the dopamine cell, which leads to a chemical change in the way the brain works.
Users who have witnessed a change in habitual use report the shift to aggressive or non- affectionate behavior. Abusers become nervous and agitated, a condition described as "tweaking" that makes them prone to violence. During the National Methamphetamine Conference in May, the President stated, "Substance abuse continues to plague our nation, Methamphetamine is now threatening to overtake crack cocaine as the most virulent illegal substance linked to violent behavior. It is leaving a trail of crime and death in its wake. Chemically and physiologically volatile, methamphetamine ravages the lives of its users..."
SPIN Magazine, describes methamphetamine as a "synthetic drug that produces a synthetic rage and the kind of grisly crimes that Hard Copy's dreams are made of: limb-snapping, organ-grinding freak-outs, a steady diet of hostage-taking, and mini-mart stickups super-sized into murder. These days, there are West Coast countries where eighty percent of the domestic violence is reported as tweaker-fueled."
In many communities, the demand for meth rehab far exceeds treatment capacity. In urban centers, such as Lost Angeles County, large numbers of hard-core addicts never make it into a program because the wait can take up to six months. In California, as many as 8,000 addicts are on waiting lists for a chance at one of 54,000 publicly funded treatment slots--nearly half of which are in Los Angeles County. Studies show that an untreated addict can cost taxpayers as much as $90,000 a year in welfare., medical care, law enforcement and losses resulting in crime, eclipsing the $21,000 annual cost for long-term residential treatment. Addicts who do not receive necessary rehabilitation usually continue using or promote themselves to selling or manufacturing drugs.
Methamphetamine is both domestically produced and imported into the United States in an already processed form. For the local producers the processing required to make meth from the precursor substances is not only easier than it once was, but also more accessible. There is no specific recipe for making it. Methamphetamine is not derived from a plant, only chemicals. No smuggling or foreign connection is required. Meth is completely homemade; most of the chemicals required to manufacture meth are readily obtainable from hardware or drugstores. Meth normally contains ephedrine or pseudo-ephedrine, which is found in over-the-counter cold medications. Depending on the recipe, other ingredients used in the cooking are that of the skull-and-cross bone labels: lye, rat poison, battery acid, and various chemicals such as acetone and gasoline.
Anyone with a rudimentary knowledge of chemistry can cook meth in a garage in two to four hours. The drug can be made with a skillet and stove, in a bathtub, or even in a car trunk with a plastic drinking cup. Once the chemicals are obtained, meth can be produced anywhere the manufacturer, or "cook", cares to work.
Meth labs are frequently located in public locations such as residences, hotels, motels, and storage facilities. The proximity of the labs to residential areas makes the general population extremely vulnerable to the hazardous conditions associated with their operation. Clandestine labs present numerous hazards to people and the environment. There is extreme potential for fires, and exposure to hazardous chemicals and fumes. The manufacture of meth is particularly dangerous because the manufacturing process poses the risk of explosion, and the potential of highly toxic chemicals injuring or killing innocent parties. There is also a great risk of cancer due to the carcinogenic effect of the chemicals used or produced in the manufacturing of meth.
Long a problem in the west and southwest, especially in California, where last year over 1,000 meth labs were seized, the drug has spread to the heartland partly because it is so easy to make and partly because of the money that can be made. "Police say a $1,000 investment can reap a $20,000 profit in less than four hours of work," reports The Los Angeles Times. The Drug Enforcement Administration shuts down an equal amount each year in the United States.
The media also makes a profound impact on women, influencing them to use drugs. Because meth imitates the effects of adrenaline, it produces the side effect of appetite suppression. This is very attractive to young women who want to be as thin as the models and actresses they see on television, in the movies, and on magazine covers.
By paying attention to the English blunders that my students frequently made, I was able to understand why they made these mistakes, since I knew the Spanish grammar behind them. Unsurprisingly, the corresponding errors in Spanish are ones made often by new Spanish learners.
Double negatives in the English language often make us cringe because they’re simply poor grammar. But in Spanish, double negatives thrive!
By this same logic, when saying negative phrases in Spanish, make sure to avoid translating word for word! You’ll end up with an incorrect “No tengo algo” (“I don’t have something”) when it should be “No tengo nada” (I don’t have anything). “No tengo algo” is just as cringeworthy for a Spanish speaker to hear!
By learning to avoid these seven common mistakes, you’ll boost yourself up to a whole new level of Spanish. You’ll also understand when you hear these errors in English made by native Spanish speakers, as I did that afternoon with Rodrigo.
But it never made any economic or marketing sense for U.S. carriers to pour 10,000 seats a month into the U.S.-Cuba air market, as U.S. carrier did initially. The per capita income in Cuba is around $5,500 a year, or roughly one-seventh that of the state of Mississippi, which at just under $37,000 ranked last in 2014 among the 50 states in per capita income. But while Mississippi ranks just 31st in population among the states with just under 3 million residents Cuba’s population of 11.4 million would place it 8th, if it were a state, just behind Ohio and just ahead of Georgia. That means Cuba has, in relative terms, an inordinate number of extremely poor people. Developing profitable traffic demand among such a population likely will take decades, even if they eventually are allowed to travel at will, a right they still don’t have today.
Thus, nearly all of the passengers flying between the two nations were – and continue to be – Americans. Indeed, restrictions still imposed by the Castro regime block most Cubans from flying north, even if their American family members pay for the tickets. And most of those Americans flying to Cuba are, and likely will be for the foreseeable future, Cuban Americans traveling to visit family and friends who still live on the island. As leisure, rather than business travelers, they can be expected to be very price sensitive, a factor that promises to make it even more difficult for U.S. carriers to earn profits from their Cuban routes.
So it’s no surprise that U.S. airlines are now stumbling over one another to get out of Cuba. U.S.-Cuba air capacity this fall will be down at least 20% from what it was at the start of 2017. And nearly all service to Cuban destinations other than the capitol city, Havana, either already has been discontinued or soon will be. On paper several carriers are requesting more service rights to fly to Havana. But, again, those requests, which aren’t being pursued with any real fervency, are being made not because the carriers think they can make money flying to Havana today (or any time soon), but to lay claim to assets (route rights) that are limited and which eventually might be worth something.
“We never saw daylight or heard music, and it was normal for girls to fall ill and never be seen again. Sometimes, we used massive industrial irons to press sheets for local hotels. They were raging hot and you had to concentrate hard to make sure your hands didn’t get caught. The steam nearly took your skin off. In the end we got used to getting burned — it was part of everyday life.”
The Irish government has at last made a serious gesture. The Church could show it has a conscience after all by doing the same.
In 1952 a stray cat made a home in Classroom 8 of a California elementary school.
You can also make a one-time donation on the Support Us page of the Futility Closet website.
The most obvious player to move is Chris Phillips, a UFA July 1. Phillips and Murray have recently chatted, the GM asking the veteran defenseman to get back to him by the end of next week on whether he'd waive his no-trade clause. Montreal and Boston are among several teams that have shown interest, league sources told ESPN.com. The Habs make sense for him because his family wouldn't even have to move for now with the Canadiens just 90 minutes down the highway. The Bruins have obvious connections with former Senators teammate Zdeno Chara and GM (and former Sens executive) Peter Chiarelli.
The action on Francois Beauchemin and Kris Versteeg has gone from kicking the tires to legitimately heating up. Beauchemin has a list of 12 teams he'd be willing to move to, although some teams that aren't on the list have called as well, in which case the Leafs would just run it by him if they decide to make one of those deals. Both players have one more year on their respective contracts.
"To really make the model work in these less than NFL or big-time baseball stadiums, sponsorships needs to really carry the day," said Collins, the mastermind behind the Winter Classic. "I think the size of the sponsorship market and also the activation by the sponsors is going to be even bigger than the Winter Classic."
Shriver said at the sentencing hearing he made a “terrible decision” to try to spy for China and “somewhere along the way I got into bed with the wrong people.”
It would make more sense to look for effects not on the ear but rather on that part of the brain that processes auditory information. Cannabis seems to affect the secondary perception of sensory information, not the primary reception of it. Unfortunately, it is considerably harder to study secondary perception because the neural organization underlying it is less accessible to direct experimentation and much less well understood. A working hypothesis is that incoming sensory information (such as auditory signals representing music) normally follows conditioned pathways through the secondary perception network in order to get to consciousness. Under Cannabis, which might interfere with this normal processing, information may take novel routes to consciousness and thus be perceived in novel ways. Such a model would explain why users often say that under Cannabis they see things for the first time "as they really are," or why they dwell on aspects of complex visual or auditory stimuli they would ordinarily ignore. 7
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
Anthony Marquez told the Gazette that his combat experience made him predisposed to commit murder. "If I was just a guy off the street, I might have hesitated to shoot," Marquez told the Gazette in an interview from the Bent County Correctional Facility, where he is currently serving a 30-year prison term. "But after Iraq, it was just natural."
Over the past year, Cover Oregon’s risk consultant, Maximus, warned that the project was in danger of missing the Oct. 1 deadline to go live. In March, Maximus suggested that Cover Oregon re-organize its business to make individuals, small businesses and Medicaid distinct so one piece could be delayed if it was holding up the others. Cover Oregon rejected the suggestion, saying it was required to launch everything together on Oct. 1.
Getting the underwear was simple. All Anna had to do was find her own size and buy one of the pre-packed five-pairs-for-ten-bucks (she wore the same ones. She made sure to get different colours, though).
Anna could have let out a sigh of relief at that. "Fuck yes- I mean... yes, it will make me happy."
Eugene shrugged. "Look, she was telling me about biscetti and all I said was that the pasta place shut down to make way for a Starbucks."
Anna made a mental note to buy some wet wipes. For now, though, her friends were looking at her, waiting for her reaction to Elsa's declaration. Anna had no idea what to say, but Elsa seemed content to fill the silence.
"Elsa not have home, so Anna take Elsa to Anna's home. Elsa met Sven and Sven and made snowmen and biscetti." She looked up and grinned. "And now Elsa happy coz Elsa have Anna."
Unfortunately, the ridiculous presentation of the Hill outline completely skips the entire connection between Robert Mercer, Rebekah Mercer, Steve Bannon, Kellyanne Conway and Breitbart media. The article makes it seem as if they are disparate entities.
“It was a vision that Pete put in place right away, that all he cared about was that he wanted to have an influence in who the general manager was going to be so that in his mind he could make it like the best relationship that ever existed,’’ Schneider recalled this week of that initial meeting. “That was his goal — that he wanted to do it better than anyone has ever done it before.
Will it make it to iPhone 8?
Imagination's technologies have made repeat appearances in Apple's A-series chips, making it likely we'll see a modified PowerVR Furian GPU featured in upcoming iPhones.
While it would seem logical to conclude that the iPhone maker has eyes for Furian, Apple has also been showing signs of wanting to go make its own chips independently, even going so far as considering buying Imagination Technologies outright last year.
It sounds harsh, but makes sense. It doesn't matter if it's a great Android application, this is a different platform.
On the other hand, it makes Apple look petty, and points to more evidence of Apple trying to rub out Google, and its Android platform.
Well I love drama. I know Fnatic had a lot of trouble going into this group stage. I wish Fnatic could make it out of the group. However, I think it is going to be either Fnatic or Immortals.
If you think the fact that we have sold in excess of 2 million records and have never been paid a penny is pretty unbelievable, well, so do we. And the fact that EMI informed us that not only aren't they going to pay us AT ALL but that we are still 1.4 million dollars in debt to them is even crazier. That the next record we make will be used to pay off that old supposed debt just makes you start wondering what is going on. Shouldn't a record company be able to turn a profit from selling that many records? Or, at the very least, break even? We think so.
Judging by the aftermath of UFC 146, Roy Nelson‘s fight against Dave Herman really was make it or break it for the former Ultimate Fighter winner.
White says the meeting was similar to conversations he’s had about Nelson in private and public, and that his long term goals for him are always the same: take fighting more seriously, get in shape, and make a run at this thing or it may not work out.
AUSTIN, Texas — Your future robotic roommate was not ready to make the trip to SXSW.
Breazeal, a keynoter here, is dead serious about Jibo's future as a humanized robotic member of the household, an engaging companion to teach first grade math to your kid, to remind grandma to take her medicine and to make sure you get the groceries you need.
But Jibo is not meant to be a "slave-robot" either — it is not going to go to Safeway for you, much less vacuum the floor. What makes it different from, say, a Roomba or an entertainment-oriented toy robot is, in Breazeal's words, "this notion of platform, taking something from the playbook of the Android and iOS app ecosystems."
"It's very important for Jibo to have the right kind of personality that makes people really want to welcome and engage with this kind of technology," Breazeal told USA TODAY.
Truman’s announcement to Stalin can be seen here from the accounts of the various observers. Each describes the same event, but the event appears in a different light to each observer. Did the “master politicians” Truman, Churchill, and Byrnes know what they were doing? Or did they make a tragic blunder?
On July 24 I casually mentioned to Stalin that we had a new weapon of unusual destructive force. The Russian Premier showed no special interest. All he said was he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make “good use of it against the Japanese.”
In his memoirs, Truman wrote that he told Stalin that the United States had “a new weapon of unusual destructive force.” Apparently, the President did not tell Stalin the new weapon was an atomic bomb, and the Soviet leader did not ask or show any special interest. He merely nodded and said something. “All he said was that he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make good use of it against the Japanese,” Truman wrote. Across the room, I watched Stalin’s face carefully as the President broke the news. So offhand was Stalin’s response that there was some question in my mind whether the President’s message had got through. I should have known better than to underrate the dictator. Years later, Marshal Georgi K. Zhukov, in his memoirs, disclosed that that night Stalin ordered a telegram sent to those working on the atomic bomb in Russia to hurry with the job.
The first experiment merely alerted the player at round twelve that they would have the chance to pick a new allocator at round sixteen. This "election in November" reminder made the player weight recent performance in rounds 12-16 over earlier performance in rounds 1-12.
What makes it hard is the intuitive aspect of it - knowing the direction you want to take based on the limited information you have at the moment. Additionally, it's communicating the results and showing why your analysis is right that makes this all the more difficult - doing it deeply, at scale, and in a consistent fashion.
Once you've settled on your approach and data sources, you need to make sure you understand how the data was generated or captured, especially if you are using your own company's data.
In addition to profiling and faceting your data, you need to be skeptical throughout your analysis. If something doesn't look or feel right, it probably isn't. Pore through your data to make sure nothing unexpected going on, and if there is something unexpected, make sure you understand why it's occurring and are comfortable with it before you proceed.
I find it useful to regularly check the basic statistics of the data (sums, counts, etc.) throughout an analysis in order to make sure nothing is lost along the way - essentially creating a trail of breadcrumbs I can follow backwards in case something doesn't seem right later on.
Hello all,Thanks for checking out our 15th devblog! Progress is moving along nicely on 0.10.xx. We've had some feedback and the issues found are being worked on. If you're testing 0.9.22, please share any issues you find on our tracker or come share on our Discord. Below we'll discuss a few upcoming features and exactly what the team has been working on.As we discussed a bit last week, we're having a revamp on all the current structure windows. The system in place is universal which allows us to create a prefab that we can constantly update and all in game structures are affected. Our windows have always lacked any depth beyond being able to fortify them. As with most of our features, they've been in place as a base for some time but are now getting some attention and improvements.Previously, windows had no glass, no inner structure and were just an open framed hole in the wall. We've added glass and wood cross panels.This adds a great deal of depth to a structure. It also creates an additional barrier and block for the player. Players could previously make a quick escape by jumping through an open window. Now players and zombies alike will need to deal with the glass and framework.Our current kitchens are a bit static and they're also rather massive in scale. They're original models from a way's back. The team and community felt the need for an upgrade. @Rik Konings has been hard at work re-working all of our kitchen models. We'll be introducing these in coming updates with continued design work. These kitchen cabinets and appliances/fixtures will be animated. The player will see doors open or animate slightly to add a bit of life to the world.We'll soon be introducing scrap metal piles, a plan we've had from the concept. You'll see them all around the world but mostly at starting camps (also being introduced shortly). These piles will allow the player to scavenge them for chance to pick up some scrap metal. These metal scraps will be used to create a wide variety of starting items in game including axe heads, hammer heads, machetes and the newly introduced canteen.We're reworking and properly introducing our achievement system. There's a core system in place now but it needed to be shored up and Jayty has that sorted now. You'll be seeing working achievements in upcoming builds. Our new media/design intern Ids has also begun reworking our actual achievement artwork below you can see some of his concepts and our current direction with them.Jiras workflow allows us to break what needs to be done up into bit sized pieces. Large tasks are called epics and the team will set out a large set of these to work off. Each epic may have numerous issues within. Cooking Improvements, for example, would be an epic, inside of which could be numerous ‘issues’ - Import New Cooking Grill, Create Tinder from Cloth Recipe and so on. These issues are grouped together and placed into what Jira calls a sprint. The team creates these sprints based on how many points (these points basically set a difficulty level) they feel each task or issue within will take them to resolve or develop. We typically create two week long sprints. Two of them per update with a week or two to allow for revisement.Yesterday the team finished up the 'Final Fantasy' sprint and begun work on the 'Goldeneye' sprint. Below you can see exactly what went into the coming update's first sprint, Final FantasyWe'll go over how the current sprint is going, talk a little about starting camps and discuss vehicles! Believe it or not the core of the reworked backbone for vehicles will be going in very soon (some already have). The team is reworking all things vehicles and we're very excited to get the ball rolling. Here's what we're currently poking around in, for testing purposes of course! ;)Thanks much for checking on our development of Survive the Nights and, as always, thank you for the continued support. The project has come a long way and we're excited for the coming months leading up to our public alpha release!Discord: https://discord.gg/survivethenights Forum: https://community.survivethenights.net Twitter: https://twitter.com/STNgame Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/STNgame YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/a2zinteractive Website: https://www.survivethenights.net
“If the Bernie Bros wanted to make a show of force on behalf of progressive values, Saturday in Charlottesville would be a good time,” wrote Mieke Eoyang, former Ted Kennedy staffer and vice president of the National Security Program at Third Way, a centrist think tank.
There are some who are nonetheless clinging to a divisive and false narrative about the Left. The day after the incident, Daily Kos founder Markos Moulitsas wondered if anyone “outside of the alt-left” was “still pretending that “last year’s election was about economic anxiety.” A Daily Kos contributing editor blamed the neo-Nazi march on the “alt-Left,” who “in their drive to smear the ‘impurity’ of Clinton on economic justice issues, excused the racism and bigotry that is Trumpism,” which was “stinging very hard now.” Others made a similar point.
Me: “I know if the jar is poured, you must wipe it off or the drip will run down the outside and make a sticky mess. But the same is true of any honey jar.”
Deutsche is Trump’s major creditor, having lentbillions to the president since the late 1990s even as other American banks abandoned Trump, who frequently bankrupted his businesses. While the president hasn’t released his tax returns, he has made public some information about his debts. According to these incomplete disclosures and reports, the Trump Organization has roughly $300 million in loans outstanding from the bank. Trump continues to own the business, although he has turned over day-to-day management to his sons.
Deutsche will soon have an astonishing six independent monitors monitoring its conduct — the most ever for one company, according to Garrett. Drawn from the ranks of consultancies and law firms, these overseers make sure Deutsche complies with previous state and federal settlements and regulations relating to its foreign exchange manipulations, global interest rate fraud, sales of dodgy mortgage securities, derivatives trading, and sanctions evasion.
Finally, after years of watching youtube videos on that topic, I made it to my first C++ international conference! Thanks to my current employer King, I went last week to Meeting C++ in Berlin, which is, as far as I know, the biggest C++ event in Europe. I really enjoyed my time there with few hundred other fellow C++ enthusiasts. In this post, I will try to relate how I experienced the event and dress a list of the must-watch talks.
While excellent, Kate's keynote would be very hard to summarise correctly within few paragraphs. It makes you reflect on the difficulties to introduce C++ to newcomers. You would hope that there is a subset of the language that could be easily assimilate by anyone, Kate argues that the reality is sadly more complicated than that. Just have a look at how long are the C++ core guidelines on passing parameters to function calls. One day or another, a begginer must learn on how to pass parameters with good semantics and in an optimised fashio. Well, good luck to her/him! On the other hand, it does not mean that the language could have been designed in a simpler way. What we should strive for instead might be better naming of these concepts: the acronym RAII (Resource Acquisition Is Initialization) is obviously not as straightforward as COW (Copy-on-write). Whether you are a "newbie" or the best "lead over-engineer" of your company, this talk is really worth a look!
Jeffrey 's reader-writer lock was made of atomic variables to keep track of the amount of readers and writers. If the resource was currently written onto, the readers and other writers would wait onto a semaphor to be waken-up later on.
's was made of atomic variables to keep track of the amount of readers and writers. If the was currently written onto, the and other would wait onto a semaphor to be waken-up later on. If the amount of time spent by the readers or the writers on the resource is fairly long, the readers-writer lock will actually perform better than the mutex as multiple reader can process simultanesouly.
Mr. Obama hardly created this moment, with its potent brew of Bush loathing and sweeping generational change. He simply had the vision to tap into it. Running in 2008 rather than waiting four more years was the single smartest political decision he’s made (and, yes, he’s made dumb ones too). The second smartest was to understand and emphasize that subterranean, nearly universal anticipation of change rather than settle for the narrower band of partisan, dyspeptic Bush-bashing. We don’t know yet if he’s the man who can make the moment — and won’t know unless he gets to the White House — but there’s no question that the moment has helped make the man.
A few conservatives do realize the game has changed. George Will wrote last week that Mr. Obama was Reaganesque in the stylistic sense that “his manner lulls his adversaries into underestimating his sheer toughness — the tempered steel beneath the sleek suits.” John and Cindy McCain get it too, which is why both last week made a point (he on “The Daily Show,” she on “Today”) of condemning negative campaigning. But even if Mr. McCain keeps his word and stops trying to portray Mr. Obama as the man from Hamas , he can’t disown the Limbaugh axis of right-wing race-mongering. That’s what’s left of his party’s base.
They made sinister threats in an Internet chat room, shared a photograph of firearms on social media, and drove 25 hours from central Iowa to the Pokémon World Championship at the Hynes Veterans Memorial Convention Center with weapons and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in their car’s trunk, authorities said.
“The main thing that keeps me in the game is my constant desire for competition and to reconnect with old friends that I’ve made throughout the years,” he said in an online exchange with the Globe. “It’s one of the friendliest environments you could ever ask for.”
Scores of students from prominent institutes at Lal Chowk in Srinagar continued their violent agitation on Tuesday, pelting stones at police personnel and vandalising government property. Police responded in kind, and occasionally used tear gas shells to make the agitators disperse.
That pretty much goes for the whole movie, too. If you watched the trailers to Sausage Party and didn’t care that much, that’s fair. But if you like the talent involved, trust them, and check it out. They made a funny, well-meaning, and smart movie. One that has some problems, but is also filled with exemplary, iconic, disturbing moments that are worth the price of admission.
She may of not known it, but when your mother used to make you eat at all your greens at dinner, she may have been keeping you cancer-free. A new study has found that an extract from cruciferous vegetables - such as broccoli, cabbage and garden cress - may help mitigate the effects of environmental carcinogens.
My one-hundred-and-thirtieth podcast is up. I had the pleasure of talking to Brendan Eich about JavaScript this week. Brendan created JavaScript lo these many years ago, and lately his team has been working to make JavaScript even faster with TraceMonkey, their next step in their JavaScript engine. It's an exciting time for JavaScript as it approaches "C" speeds. I chat with Brendan in this episode about where he thinks JavaScript is headed. What does the rise of JavaScript mean to Flash, Silverlight and RIAs in general? We also talk about how TraceMonkey works and how much faster it can get.
One other change, this week a large number of the questions of Brendan came directly from you, the listener, via Twitter! This is a new thing I'm trying and I really feel it made for a better show and I thank you for it! I'm on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/shanselman and you can read more about Twitter in my post on Twitter: The Uselessfulness of Micro-blogging if you want to jump in and "follow me." I encourage you to find a Twitter Client that works for you and give it a try.
As I've said before this show comes to you with the audio expertise and stewardship of Carl Franklin. The name comes from Travis Illig, but the goal of the show is simple. Avoid wasting the listener's time. (and make the commute less boring)
The law will make it easier for companies to cut their payroll costs. It will do this by suspending industry-wide wage bargaining.
(Reuters) - Cisco Systems made its first major acquisition in over two years with a deal to buy NDS, which develops pay TV software, for $5 billion, aiming to boost its presence in the video communications market.
Analysts said it made sense for News Corp to sell its stake.
“As a non-strategic equity investment, it makes sense to sell the equity stake in NDS completely’” Juenger said.
This gave rise to a reputation system, and reputations work pretty well at discouraging people from cheating one another. After all, if you cheat one customer, she'll tell all her friends. And those friends might tell their friends. Your business will suffer. The potential losses make it foolish to even consider cheating a customer.
The recent and massive exit scam at the online market Evolution – in which the site's founders made off with US$12 million of their customers' bitcoins – is just one of several similar examples. Each sad story further suggests that this problem won't go away on its own.
This conclusion agrees with other researchers who have shown that, while human-emitted greenhouse gas warming may not cause a particular drought, it can make drought come on earlier, faster, and harder than it otherwise would.
A great example of this is with Superstorm Sandy. While admittedly not a drought, the example will make the point. It has been estimated that human-caused increases to water temperatures caused perhaps 10% more rain to fall. This extra 10% rainfall caused more than 10% of the economic damages associated with rainfall. Similarly, the human-induced sea level rise of 1 foot was only about 10% of the storm surge. But, this extra foot caused a disproportionate amount of flood damage. With this in mind, I would really like to know how the social and financial costs will change in the future as droughts set in earlier, faster, and harder because of greenhouse gas warming.
In a 1969 decision called Brandenburg vs. Ohio, the Supreme Court said speech aimed at sparking lawless action - such as inciting a riot - is not constitutionally protected and can be made a crime.
Relying on the 1969 decision, the appeals court said, ″The crucial element to lowering the First Amendment shield is the imminence of the threatened evil. ... Even if the article paints in glowing terms the pleasures supposedly achieved by the practice it describes, no fair reading of it can make its content advocacy, let alone incitement to engage in the practice.″
Technically the following wheelchair ramps are a success, in that they bridge the gap between two levels by way of an inclined surface. The problem though, lies in the fact they’re incredibly difficult and/or somehow infuriating to use for the average wheelchair user – if not impossible – and could actually even cause more problems than they solve. It’s good to see ramps appearing around the world in an effort to make certain areas accessible to wheelchair users, but a little common sense and an ounce of forward-thinking would help to make their experience a lot more agreeable.
Digne has a couple of senior seasons under his belt but he wasn’t even the best left back at the recent FIFA under-20 World Cup in Turkey. Marquinhos has only played one season Europe and PSG decided that was enough the make him the 5th most expensive defender in history.
FFP.co.uk makes a pretty good case that the other revenue is in fact a very questionable deal made between PSG and the Qatar Tourism Authority. Announced in late 2012 the deal was reported to be worth $900M over 4 years.
It may only be Denver’s second Breakfast Burrito Day (thank you, Mayor Hancock!), but we’re already loving the spicy day. (Okay, so he hasn’t made any proclamations this year, but we’re just going with it.)
"It's completely ridiculous," Jason Miller said. "There was never an offer made. It's completely made up."
A source close to Kasich responded by saying, "Their comments are demonstrably false given the effort they put forward -- and offer they made -- to get Kasich to join the ticket. They must be confusing it with the file on Manafort, which must read like a Russian novella."
Salmonella was detected early last month in one lot of the flavor enhancer -- hydrolyzed vegetable protein, or HVP -- made by Basic Food Flavors, as well as inside the company's Nevada manufacturing facility, the FDA said. The company, one of only a handful that make HVP, has an extensive customer list. The additive, which comes as a powder or a paste and is mixed into foods to give them a meaty or savory flavor, is similar to monosodium glutamate, or MSG.
“Christian families are terrified”, one declared. A Christian man in Mosul said during a phone call: “I was able to make my wife and children leave Mosul, but now I am stuck in the house and can’t move.”
One Syrian refugee woman working in Erbil, an hour’s drive from Mosul, told World Watch Monitor, “What is happening in Mosul now can badly affect our stay as refugees here in Kurdistan, as some ISIS militia come from Syria…but I hope this will make the UN work more on our papers for emigration and allow us to travel abroad as soon as possible; we applied to migrate to Europe.”
The Star made several more attempts to interview Kuganesan as more details emerged. The Star tried to contact him at his work and home, and a letter with a series of questions was given by the Star to his lawyer, Timothy Kinnaird.
Snowden is still a figure of controversy, and if you’re wondering where Stone stands, he’s made his position pretty clear in the past. He’s gone on the record calling Snowden a “hero” for exposing the details of NSA’s global surveillance program, and President Barack Obama a “disgrace” for prioritizing the hunt for Snowden over the reformation of “George Bush-style eavesdropping techniques.”
Chapter 1: A Strong episode. Shows the tough sadistic training of Captain Sobel. Builds up all the characters and introduces them to the viewers. I really likes the fact that they made this one a NON COMBAT episode.
Chapter 3: The most violent episode so far. Great battle scene in Carentan. It also takes time to show the soldiers after they get back to England, and for the ones that didnt. It forcuses on the horrors of war and sticks to Blithe to make that point.
Chapter 6: Like others said, a special episode for the sole fact that it is the first time it is focused on the Medical Staff. I really likes Doc Roe, though I didnt think the relationship with nurse was usefull for the episode. I liked the way supplies were short, morale was low yet E company held on. The creators really tried to make us think how miserable they are, but to tell the truth after reading some books the matter was even MUCH MUCH worse, just look at a map of the battle of the bulge. Anyhow, great episode.
She led with a promise to help poor minority children in the so-called “corridor of shame”, a stretch of dilapidated schools along South Carolina’s I-95 corridor. That was something Obama made a benchmark of his 2008 campaign when he beat her in 44 of the state’s 46 counties.
At another point, she took a swipe at Trump’s trademark slogan. “We don’t need to make America great again. America has never stopped being great,” she said, adding: “We do need to make America whole again.” It’s a positive message which, in this election, is a rare commodity.
Mr. Trump thinks that when Obamacare collapses into smoking ruins the Democrats will “own it,” and be blamed for the scheme they enacted without a single Republican vote. But if he really thinks that he should put on his shock absorbers for another jolt. Backed by a compliant combine of the big newspapers and the major television networks, the Democrats will charge ahead with the narrative that “Obamacare needed a few tweaks to make it work, but the president and the Republicans wouldn’t do it because they’re heartless and like watching the suffering of the poor, the helpless, the homeless and the wretched refuse on the shore, yearning to breathe free.” And so forth and so on. The Republicans will get the blame, and wonder how it happened.
Write ups in USA Today, The New York Times and several travel guides have made the Dorset Quarry one of the most popular swimming holes in Vermont. YouTube videos and Facebook posts have meant even more visitors. And while many think the historic quarry is a public park, it’s privately owned by a couple who says it might be time for more help in running the area.
None of the entries finished and most made it only a few miles.
'Some of the stuff was not rusted enough at first,' she said. 'So we have a person who rusts and weathers it and makes it look old.'
A remote, human operator will make high-level commands controlling the robot's path and actions, while the robot's on-board intelligence prevents collisions, maintains stability and otherwise keeps the robot from harm.
'This dynamic balance makes people nimble and enables them to run.'
Meanwhile, the data show that trust in others makes us feel more secure and cooperative, and are more likely to donate time and money to helping our communities. In short, widespread trust makes our lives more pleasant, and income inequality undermines it.
It's tough to understand just how impressive this statue looks until you see it in person. The enormous base and the fact that you're essentially getting two statues in one help make the $250 price tag more palatable.
After having two bids for England forward Wayne Rooney turned down by Manchester United, Chelsea are reportedly hoping to make it third time lucky
Wayne Rooney's camp have informed Arsenal that the player has made up his mind to join Chelsea, sources close to the negotiations have told ESPN.
Although Rooney is understood to have made his huge admiration of Wenger clear to him, he is determined to join Chelsea and team up with Jose Mourinho, something Arsenal have been notified of.
United, meanwhile, are re-assessing their options as the club's pursuit of Cesc Fabregas appears to have terminally stalled. Widely reported approaches for Marouane Fellaini and Leighton Baines are expected to be made in the next week, with David Moyes considering his next move as regards to bringing in a central midfielder.
Chaldeans make up the majority of Iraq’s Christians. But a community that numbered more than a million before the 2003 ouster of Saddam Hussein has since dwindled to less than 350,000 in the face of recurring violence.
The story made the local newspaper, and the Hangzhou Qiandao Lake Development Group has now offered to foot the bill for free fish heads forever.
Following the regular season, the top six North American Pro League teams will head to the DreamHack Atlanta open Championship event as they auto-qualify for the Championship Bracket. This year, though, pro teams won’t only have to worry about their peers, but also top amateur teams looking to make a statement. The top Open Bracket rosters will advance to the Championship Bracket to compete for the Finals prize pool of over $100,000, with the final prizing determined by additional crowdfunding.
Implicit in her stories was a truth we refuse to tell: These young drunk white men were dangerous. Menacing. And they are made more dangerous precisely because their disrespect for public space and private citizens is seen as mere play, mere college kids having a good time, rather than as a threat.
Amazon has now made Indian laws that govern the use of the national flag and other emblems “an integral part of the global compliance process,” the document said, outlining the steps Amazon and India have taken since the incident.
Ever since then, Dunn’s moment of cheeky rebellion has been Exhibit A in countless attempts to explain why smart, independent women are so hopeless at relationships. (The phrase is often falsely attributed to Gloria Steinem, who has corrected the error several times.) Like “Free to Be You and Me” and bra burning (which never actually happened, but whatever), the bicycle-riding fish makes a handy cultural shorthand to explain how feminism has messed up women’s love lives.
Of course, the astute reader will note that the terrorist statistic isn’t true. Susan Faludi’s “Backlash” told us so. And twenty years after the fact, Newsweek apologized for telling college-educated women they had almost no chance of marrying after forty, explaining that the study they cited was wrong because it used past data to make future predictions, never accounting for the changing shifts in marriage patterns over the last several decades—who could have known women in 2006 would behave very differently than women in 1966? “Such unexpected shifts are part of what makes demographic forecasting extremely difficult, not unlike making weather forecasts in the midst of a hurricane,” the editors said.
Economist Dana Rotz, a researcher at Mathematica Policy Research, found that for every year a woman waits to marry, she lowers her risk of divorce. A woman who marries for the first time in her late twenties (twenty-seven to twenty-nine) is 15 percent less likely to divorce in a given year than a woman who marries in her mid-twenties. If she waits until her early thirties (thirty to thirty-four) that risk drops by another 15 percent. “Marriages made when a woman is in her late thirties (thirty-five to thirty-nine) are more stable still, and fully 46 percent less likely to end in divorce than those beginning when a woman is twenty-three to twenty-six. Up until your early forties, waiting to marry is associated with lower risk of divorce,” she told me.
I’ll repeat this happy news, since it’s not exactly the message we ladies have received lo these many years: If you get a good education and take time to establish your career and your life as a self-supporting adult, current research shows that you’re not only more likely to marry, you’re more likely to stay married. Oh, and you’ll make more money too.
But that doesn’t mean you’re overly obsessed with your career—it probably means you’re just not that into Todd. You don’t break up with someone you love because “work is crazy.” When you’re in love, you steal whatever precious moments you can. You drive them to the airport so you can have that time on the freeway together. You make out on street corners before dashing back to the office. You have the company car take you straight to their apartment at eleven p.m., and then have it pick you up from there at five a.m. Friends and family are neglected. Houseplants wither and die. Bills go unpaid; dishes unwashed. But you find time for each other.
Feminism never promised women that life would be easy— that there wouldn’t be hard choices and massive trade-offs. It never said that the corporate lawyer who hasn’t had a weekend off in four months wouldn’t at times gaze longingly at the hipster mom knitting a smartphone cozy while her kids play in the park. It merely said she should be free to make her own decisions—and even mistakes—because she’s smart enough to find her own way.
Obama's remarks, which come on the same day that a new CNN/ORC poll found his approval rating standing in net-positive territory for the second month in a row, were made to the African Union in Addis Ababa. He is the first U.S. president to address the group, and was critiquing some African leaders' reluctance to turn over power.
"There's not a one-size-fits-all type of parenting when you're dealing with a child that has experienced multiple foster homes, homelessness, [and] neglect," she said. "I refuse to make her act like other little girls — she knows too much of the real world and she can't forget what she's seen. It is why she so often chooses to live in a fantasy of her own."
This is where it all started. Three years ago you supported our vision to make the world’s first real smartwatch. The Kickstarter community and our early adopters believed in us before anyone else even knew we existed. You blew us away with your support and kicked off a worldwide movement!
Pebble Time and Pebble Time Steel is stylish and durable. The lens is crafted from scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass with a bezel made of stainless steel. Like our previous watches, it's water resistant - perfect for a run in the rain, water-balloon battle or a swim.
Gold with red leather band All Time Steels come with both a leather and matching metal band. Special Engraving for Kickstarter Backers All reward watches are engraved with ‘Kickstarter Edition’. For those who are backing Pebble on Kickstarter for the second time - thank you! Your Pebble Time watch will be engraved with something extra special. We've been making smartwatches for almost 7 years now. Our ultimate goal is to make Pebble an indispensable tool in your daily life by helping you accomplish more each and every day. While developing software for the original Pebble, we uncovered an important problem: apps are an inefficient way to interact with a smartwatch. As we increased functionality by adding more apps, our Pebbles clogged up. It became harder to quickly find the app we wanted. No one wants to manage another homescreen!
To make Pebble infinitely more useful, we needed an expandable system for organizing information and interactions. Luckily, the answer was right up our sleeves.
You already plan your day around time, so it makes sense for your Pebble to be organized around the same principle. Now your notifications, news, reminders and events are laid out chronologically instead of being trapped inside separate apps.
Your timeline takes an incredible amount of information and makes it super easy to access.
Interrogatory 24 asks: During your October 22, 2015 appearance before the U.S. House of Representatives Select Committee on Benghazi, you testified that 90 to 95 percent of your emails “were in the State’s system” and ‘if they wanted to see them, they would certainly have been able to do so.’ Identify the basis for this statement, including all facts on which you relied in support of the statement, how and when you became aware of these facts, and, if you were made aware of these facts by or through another person, identify the person who made you aware of these facts.
Interrogatory 24 does not seek any factual information Secretary Clinton may have provided to her attorneys in confidence for purposes of obtaining legal advice. Nor does it seek any advice Secretary Clinton’s attorneys may have provided the secretary that would reveal facts she provided them in confidence. The interrogatory only seeks the factual basis for a specific representation Secretary Clinton made to Congress. It is irrelevant whether Secretary Clinton told her attorneys about the factual basis for this representation, either for purposes of obtaining legal advice or for some other purpose, because Plaintiff has not asked about any such communications. As a result, the attorney client privilege does not apply.
One danger to America as a result of the classified information on Clinton’s illicit system is this: We know that attempts were made by unknown parties to hack their private email accounts.
One of the great underdog stories in European Cup final history took place on May 28th. Although the match was hosted in Bayern’s Olympiastadion in München Juventus were still heavy favorites but greatness is often spun through adversity and Dortmund made history that night.
Once you complete the layers, put back into the freezer for at least an hour to firm up and then it’s ready to slice! Run a sharp knife under very hot water and wipe clean in between slicing. This makes your job A LOT simpler.
What will you create with So Delicious Dairy Free® Frozen Desserts? Let me know in the comments below and if you make this frozen pie, tag me on Instagram @theveglife1. I love seeing what you come up with! 🙂
Yukon Brewing Company offers tours of this award-winning brewery, the home of such libations as Espresso Stout, made with local espresso from Midnight Sun Coffee Roaster.
Stone said the cuts and changes were made to make BC Ferries more financially sustainable.
Stone did not estimate how much revenue the government expected to make from the gaming proposal. BCLC will be responsible for running the slot machines, and BC Ferries employees will be trained for the day-to-day operation.
The timing for Brexit was a decision for Britain to make alone, the prime minister insisted.
Despite a popular misconception regarding the lack of authoritative respect our generation has, the truth is perhaps far more telling. According to a study conducted by the Australian Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research, by the age of 21 nearly ten percent of my generation had already been in a court for one reason or another. This statistic is a bit more interesting than that though. You see, what the statistic fails to display is the fact that only .5% of my generation has actually been placed in jail for any of our criminal offenses. In fact, most of what we have been accused of is related to minor traffic incidents or alcohol and drug related offenses. This statistic is made even more interesting by the fact that my generation was the first full generation to be penalized for drinking under the age of 21 due to the introduction of legislation passed pushed by a form of MADD [Mothers Against Drunk Driving] in the mid 80’s.
Mike Rowe, who is perhaps most well known for his position as the host of the Discovery Channel’s “Dirty Jobs”, recently gave a speech at the TED talks on how we have changed our view points on the nature of manual labor. The talk goes on to discuss how the United States has demonized the working positions that are held by Americans, how it is that we have made the ditch digger, the farm hand, etc. elements of our society that are seen as unwanted and unclean. The position is interesting in that it dips into the mentality that my generation has been fed about how our ultimate goal should be to attain a position in some office working as what quintessentially amounts to a cubicle slave.
So, here we have a group generation of individuals who have tried to do well in school, get good grades, stay out of trouble, and most important of all make their way to the college system after being processed by public education. They have been stripped of most of their critical and analytical thinking abilities in favor of rote memorization and skills which will allow them to pass the required test in order to reach their goal of college. This is further reinforced at the college level where it has become apparent to the educational facilities that more and more the people attending, short of a state mandate, are required to be there.
In recent years, post secondary educational facilities have begun to realize that they can make use of this requirement and use it for their own financial gain. Using a combination of data from the National Center for Education Statistics and compiled data from the Cost of Living Index one can create a semi basic graph on the matter [credit to a Wikipedia user for compiling the data].
Perhaps what makes this worse is how easy it is to put yourself in debt in order to attend these colleges. For attending Purdue University for 3 Years for a Bachelors Degree in Computer and Information Technology [projected entry salary 40k+], as an out of state student with no grants or scholarships I will owe the University approximately $120,000.00. For my part in signing and agreeing to that debt I was required to take a 10 minute 5 question quiz [which I could repeat], asking me if I understood how much the loan was for and that 3 to 6 months after my graduation I would be expected to begin payment on those loans.
There is the theory in most accepted academic rings that history is bound to repeat itself regardless of whether or not people bother to read up on it. Ultimately I could sit here all day attempting to justify how my generation will somehow change the way things are, but the likelihood of such an occurrence is dismally low. In Japan, their equivalent of Generation Y happens to be approximately 10 years ahead of our own. There are growing signs that there are serious cultural changes already occurring. The ideology that the company comes first is starting to fail and a growing sign of what could easily amount to depression is beginning to show it’s head. The article covers how the males of the population have become more apathetic and less aggressive. While one could make a reasonable argument that the United States and Europe [which compose the western cultural “Generation Y”] have enough cultural differences separating them from Japan that such a thing could not possibly occur.
I think though, that we need to accept that my generation my actually be starting to feel the burden of this collapsing system. The constant calls for us to maintain the system have made it apparent that we may simply not be able to do so. We lack the tools, resources, and time that would be required for such a massive undertaking to occur. As such, we are often called cynical, lazy, apathetic… terms which mirror in a way the growing Japanese population. With life expectancy now stabilized thanks to the fact that the statistic is no longer offset by a massive number of deaths at birth, each generation is competing with the successive generations before it for job placement and goods.
Over time, we have learned to start being more selective with which information we choose to accept. My generation has been forced to start accepting some groups as trustworthy, and others as false sources. We are taught as the generations before begin to grasp what we have created, that the things we have created should not be trusted. We are told to trust a book over a site online, thinking that simply because a publisher or an editor is involved with the creation of the material, that it is bound to the truth. We have overcome that need to rely on the publisher or the editor by being more selective about the information that we choose to accept as correct. Our ability to double check statistics and facts has been made all the easier and as such our tendency towards doubt all the more apparent.
Science is being used against us, in marketing, in video game design, in everything we do. It is not to say that the science is evil, or that somehow knowing how to make you buy something that you do not need is forbidden knowledge. But we have to be willing to cope with the fact that we are starting to understand how to manipulate people on a level that they can’t control. I leave it to others to decide the ethical implications that come with that.
In truth, I doubt very much if we actually can, it’s that whole being cynical thing that comes with the generation. The situation put against us is not one that will be easy to navigate or deal with in a timely manner. I think the answer lies in using what makes our generation unique.
Republicans have balked at the Democratic push to change the rules, with Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) dismissing it as an attempt to “nullify” last November’s election and make it easier for the majority to advance its agenda.
Game of Thrones may be blood-curdling and violent fare but its 65-year-old creator, George RR Martin, is a portly, softly spoken figure in black shirt and braces whose silver beard makes him look a little like Father Christmas as portrayed by Raymond Briggs. On a humid afternoon, he is sitting on a sofa in a suite at the Beau-Rivage, the most upmarket hotel in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
His father, Raymond Collins Martin, spent around two years unemployed. Even when he eventually found employment as a longshoreman (and got his all-important union credentials), the work wasn't consistent. "You have a card and you have to show up at dawn every day," Martin says, recalling his father's working life. "Maybe you go home and you don't make anything. They hire the more seasoned men, the more veteran men. The longer you're in it, the more work you get but there are some rough times at the beginning."
His father, who died before Martin made it big as a novelist, was not an expressive man. Nor did he care for literature (although he was proud his son made it to college.) "I don't think he ever read a book after he got out of school and he never finished high school."
Martin himself long ago gave up chess. He decided that he didn't have the dedication or love of the game to treat it as a full-time job. "You have to study the books and memorise the openings and play constantly, play games every day, over and over again," he sighs. "I wasn't willing to do that. I enjoyed chess, it was fun playing it and doing the tournaments but I didn't want to make it my job. Writing gave me much more satisfaction."
Martin acknowledges that he is "aided" by the fact that he has written Ice and Fire in the age of the computer. Touchingly, he still types up his work on an ancient DOS word processor. "DOS with WordStar 4.0," he elaborates. "Primitive though it is, compared to certain systems, it has a search and replace function that is very useful. I have assembled all four of the published books into one gigantic document. If I am about to write about a character, Bill, I do a search and see every previous time I mentioned Bill and what I said about him. Even then, I still make mistakes because it is large. That is maybe one reason why I've slowed down a little, as I get deeper into it and it gets more and more complex, it is harder to remember. Maybe I take a little more time in reviewing what I did last week or last year or three years ago."
Martin was first turned on to Ivanhoe by the 1952 MGM movie starring Robert Taylor, George Sanders and a young Elizabeth Taylor. "I think it was Elizabeth Taylor at the peak of her...," his voice tails off before he clarifies. "She was the most beautiful woman in the world. I think I was nine years old when I saw that movie. How could you not fall in love with her? But the jousting and the pageantry of it made me love that story. Later, in high school, I did read that book. For a modern reader, it's a little tough to get through. The prose is very Victorian and thick but if you fight your way through it, the story is there. It has everything the movie has and more – the heraldry and jousting and the insight into the times. It was an influence in that sense."
Neh. 4:9 Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
[Church history] if not properly written or properly taught, … may be a faith destroyer… The writer or teacher who has an exaggerated loyalty to the theory that everything must be told is laying a foundation for his own judgement… The Lord made it very clear that some things are to be taught selectively and some things are to be given only to those who are worthy.
13:25 And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
Religion may give some benefits to members of the in-group. But the end result is discrimination against members of the out-group. I suppose this is because religion sets up a system of beliefs, goals, habits, and practices common to members, but that non-members don’t share. That helps members forge a common identity, but it makes it hard for members and non-members to understand each other. In good times, it can engender polite curiosity, but in bad times, it can lead to hostility and bloodshed. This is the social cost of religion, and it’s just too high.
It is also claimed Real promised Bale would not make any negative comments about Spurs or club chairman Daniel Levy.
In sum, economic analysis can provide a useful assessment of the costs and benefits of national size. And, overall, the costs to secede have gone down. However, the final choice regarding borders depends on citizens’ preferences. And such preferences are based not only on economic costs and benefits, but tend to involve other dimensions, such as culture and identity. In fact, the formation of new countries makes sense only when reflecting the preferences of most people concerned. Scotland did go in the right direction, allowing a democratic vote of its citizens. Scots did decide to remain in Britain, in large part because they were promised greater autonomy from London. However, as already mentioned, the UK continues to face the prospect of a breakup in the longer run, which can probably be averted only through a major reorganization of all populations involved, not only in Scotland but also in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. As part of such reorganization, as already mentioned, we expect that it will be important to reach a new and stable equilibrium regarding the permanence of the UK in the EU. In other terms, the stability of the UK is linked to the stability of the European Union. The situation in Spain seems to be even more complex, and potentially even more dangerous, because of a worrisome lack of cooperation and trust between Madrid and Barcelona.
In an ideal world, if the benefits exceed the costs from being united, those who want a larger state should compensate those who would prefer to leave. But this is much easier in theory than in practice. It is politically difficult for a central government to make credible promises to various minority groups without alienating the majority. British Prime Minister Cameron and his government, which promised so much to Scotland to avoid secession, already face this dilemma.
A significant problem is that the international community itself is made up of existing states, and the governments of those states often have a vested interest in preserving the status quo. Here lurks perhaps the greatest risk. Namely that, in order to prevent the formation of new states or to discourage requests for greater autonomy, governments may jeopardize the large benefits already obtained from cooperation and international economic integration. This would be a serious mistake. National borders should not be viewed as permanent and eternal entities, but as human-made institutions, which can be changed in function of changing political and economic needs. And the forces of the past decades – democracy, international cooperation, economic integration – have paradoxically increased the incentives for autonomy and localism. This means that we should expect increasing demands for autonomy and independence from groups that do not feel represented by traditional central governments. The reaction should not be a stubborn defense of the status quo at all costs, but a pragmatic and creative use of democratic institutions.
Taiwan’s Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) which makes the system-in-package case that contains Apple Watch’s array of sensors and chips, told investors during a conference call that it still hasn’t reached “break even volume” of two million units per month.
"Maybe it wasn't our best performance," Nyquist added. "It was a tough game and they hung around and made it hard. But it's another three points and that's what we wanted."
It didn't take long for Norway to make it a one-goal game once again, though. Sweden had barely got back to full strength when Johannes Johannesen's mishit shot was held up by Mathis Olimb on the slot and Mats Rosseli Olsen lifted the puck to the top shelf.
"We had a lot of shots and opportunities and we couldn't take them, but the same is true of them," Nyquist added. "They almost tied it up at the end and Markstrom made some big saves."
The result of the impasse has been slow progress to greater diversity at the top of companies. Women made up 29% of recruits to UK boards in 2016, down from 32.1% in 2014 and 31.6% in 2012, according to research by the recruiter Egon Zehnder.
The Monegasque says the RSV feels like it’s pushing the front which makes it difficult to turn in, so today the Anglo/Italian crew will work with Ohlins to try and find some solutions.
The other couple told investigators that an 18-karat gold diamond necklace worth about $4,400 and a gold diamond stud earring worth more than $10,000 had been stolen from them. Appraisals of those jewels were then used by Forsythe to make the fraudulent insurance claims, federal authorities contend.
One day in the spring of 2013, for instance, as he sat in the Queen’s Gallery at Buckingham Palace awaiting the annual Order of Merit luncheon with Elizabeth II, Sir Michael made a match for his lifelong friend and colleague, Sir Roger Penrose, the great mathematical physicist.
Penrose had been trying to develop his “twistor” theory, a path toward quantum gravity that’s been in the works for nearly 50 years. “I had a way of doing it which meant going out to infinity,” Penrose said, “and trying to solve a problem out there, and then coming back again.” He thought there must be a simpler way. And right then and there Atiyah put his finger on it, suggesting Penrose make use of a type of “noncommutative algebra.”
“I thought, ‘Oh, my God,’” Penrose said. “Because I knew there was this noncommutative algebra which had been sitting there all this time in twistor theory. But I hadn’t thought of using it in this particular way. Some people might have just said, ‘That won’t work.’ But Michael could immediately see that there was a way in which you could make it work, and exactly the right thing to do.” Given the venue where Atiyah made the suggestion, Penrose dubbed his improved idea “palatial twistor theory.”
This was a spectacular version. The crazy part of mathematics is when an idea appears in your head. Usually when you’re asleep, because that’s when you have the fewest inhibitions. The idea floats in from heaven knows where. It floats around in the sky; you look at it, and admire its colors. It’s just there. And then at some stage, when you try to freeze it, put it into a solid frame, or make it face reality, then it vanishes, it’s gone. But it’s been replaced by a structure, capturing certain aspects, but it’s a clumsy interpretation.
I think all the difficulty physicists have had comes from ignoring that. You shouldn’t ignore it. And the point is, I believe the mathematics gets simplified if you feed it in. If you leave it out, you make things more difficult for yourself.
Most people would say you don’t need to worry about gravitation when you look at atomic physics. The scale is so small that, for the kind of calculations we do, it can be ignored. In some sense, if you just want answers, that’s correct. But if you want understanding, then you’ve made a mistake in that choice.
If I’m wrong, well, I made a mistake. But I don’t think so. Because once you pick this idea up, there are all sorts of nice consequences. The mathematics fits together. The physics fits together. The philosophy fits together.
My reputation is established as a mathematician. If I make a mess of it now, people will say, “All right, he was a good mathematician, but at the end of his life he lost his marbles.”
“What does this mean?” Vasquez asks, laughing, crying, trying to make sense of what he was witnessing in the January 2010 video.
Vasquez considers himself a natural when it comes to the Internet, sharing his cosmic messages through Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Having made videos since the 1980s, he said, when YouTube finally came out in 2007, he immediately saw that as an opportunity to share his work with a larger audience: the world.
Branding the call for evidence as a "slippery slope", the former spy said the CIA's ability to collect intelligence in the future could be at risk should too much information about its work be made public.
"We may simply be forced to make a Solomonic choice, trying to split the baby down the middle by releasing some of the intelligence but not so much as to compromise current and future collection," he wrote.
As the cortege made its way from the airport on Thursday, Dutch people lined the route and quietly applauded, a welcome sign that humanity hasn’t completely slipped its moorings. But while some victims and their families are being accorded the dignity they deserve, the remains of scores of others may well still be scattered across the crash site, which, even now, hasn’t been fully secured. At the Ukraine Crisis Media Center, in Kiev, a Dutch official said that there were still “some lunatics” hampering the search being carried out by Ukrainian emergency workers and Dutch police. “It’s very hard for us to get to the bodies, to get to the remains,” he said. “You call it terrorists. To me, it’s criminals. But it’s very near the same.”
At this stage, though, it’s far from clear how much impact the new sanctions, which could be formally agreed upon as early as next week, will have on the Russian economy. On the face of it, the new proposal appears to represent a significant escalation from previous E.U. measures—but the devil is in the details, which have yet to be worked out. British diplomats, keen to promote the City of London, which services Russian money, will be going through the language of the banking proposals meticulously, seeking to limit their impact. The French, who supply arms to Moscow, will be seeking to make sure that their existing contracts aren’t affected. And the Germans, who receive about a third of their natural gas from Russia, will be scrutinizing any restrictions on Gazprom and other Russian energy exporters.
This year's event drew 320 registrations from kids ranging from kindergartners to eighth-graders. They traveled from as far as Northwest Indiana, said Tom Stanton, Danny's uncle and the executive director of the foundation. That makes it the biggest turnout yet, he added.
Danny was very attached to his older brother Johnny, and went to all of his baseball games in the the hopes that he could fill in, he said. That summer, Johnny's baseball team made it to the championship, and sure enough, a player was injured, so Danny got the chance to play.
I know what you're thinking: Is the de facto FCC-driven ban on "explicit lyrics" over the national airwaves really the huge deal he's about to try to make it, or is this guy just an idle rabble-rouser with too much time on his hands? Or both? To answer these questions, we should probably get a sense of what, specifically, we are talking about when we refer to "the de facto FCC-driven ban on explicit lyrics." Luckily, I've spent a good portion of the last year compulsively listening to the radio and taking notes whenever a word is bleeped out, so we have some research to go on. (And, just for the record, yes, I do have too much time on my hands.)
Before we look at the specifics, it should be noted that the blame for what we're about to find doesn't lie entirely with the FCC. Although it is a state entity that practices coercion through its ability to fine and shut down broadcasters, it is of course not the only factor that goes into a given broadcaster's policies regarding what does and doesn't make it on the airwaves. If the FCC were to disappear tomorrow, for example, networks would not start filling their primetime lineups with lesbian pornography. Likewise, some of the "bleeps" and word substitutions on the radio aren't even necessary to avoid FCC fines, but are instead done because some company executive has the vague sense that advertisers might find such content offensive. That matters solely because the advertisers in turn have the vague sense that consumers might find such content offensive and so direct their demented rage toward the advertiser. And thus it is that the totality of radio censorship in the U.S. is a messy-yet-comprehensive indicator of the national psyche, as represented not only by what our state bans, but also what our commercial institutions fear and what is believed to be upsetting to our people. It is, all in all, an across-the-board index of the American character.
Pochettino has made it his mission to harden the mentality at Spurs, having found what he felt was a collectively weak one when he arrived in May 2014. To him, everything is related to energy and it not only drives his team’s high-octane style. He demands that his players run themselves into the ground – most notoriously, during his remorseless pre-season training sessions – but, also, that they are prepared to fight until the last breath of every game.
It takes a specific type of player to connect with Pochettino, to buy into his rhythms and motivational techniques, and he inherited plenty who could not. The early months of his White Hart Lane tenure were a trial and the situation was not helped by his previous club, Southampton, having made a flying start to the season under their new manager, Ronald Koeman.
The 45-year-old is young enough to be matey with his players but old enough to take a distance. What he prioritises is knowing everything about them; how they react and, crucially, how they feel. It is often said, behind the scenes at the club, that Pochettino likes to feel before he makes a decision – in other words, rely upon intuition.
Wenger rejects Arsenal-Spurs power shift: ‘One year can’t make up for 20’ Read more
To Pochettino, every member of his squad is a complex individual and he has had to mine deep into their psyches to understand them. In some cases, it has taken more than two years to arrive at the connection but he believes that it is the only way to get the best out of them. It might be that just one of them responds in a positive way to a particular thing. It makes the thing worthwhile.
Mulroney said the 53-nation Commonwealth is a powerful group and Canada should work within it to make a statement. For example, Mulroney pointed to the accomplishments of prime minister John Diefenbaker who, at the 1961 Commonwealth leaders’ meeting, denounced South Africa’s apartheid policy and joined forces with Asian and African government leaders to push through a resolution making racial equality a condition of Commonwealth membership. South Africa subsequently withdrew from the Commonwealth and was not re-admitted until its apartheid regime ended in the 1990s.
A working party is striving to make his return possible. Mungo Man will find his resting place in the same secure storage shared by Mungo Lady since her return in 1991. This is a momentous occasion, a benchmark moment for traditional owners and a closing of the gap in my Mungo journey. It is an event of national significance. That homecoming opens new opportunities; new voices will be heard from ancient graves.
“A decision of principle, interpretation of the tournament rules, and fiscal prudence were the factors that went into the final decision. With three (3) spots available and three (3) group winners determined, it did not make practical sense to put the teams through further expense that they could apply at the CONCACAF level since Valencia could not participate. “This decision was supported and endorsed by CONCACAF, confirmed Hughes”
A mash of beets with horseradish, last seen at Passover trying to make the best of its unfortunate marriage to gefilte fish, tries out a new partner at Thirty Acres, East Coast oysters on the half shell, liberated for the night from their unfortunate liaison with cocktail sauce. This was one time when infidelity brought out the best in both accomplices.
“He’s the modern-day defenceman,” said Poile of Subban. “It’s players like P.K. Subban who are going to make the difference going from defence to offence, rushing the puck, carrying the mail as I like to say.”
Authorities in several states said that residents who had made ignorant comments erroneously citing the brutally cold temperatures as proof that climate change did not exist were reporting a sharp increase in injuries to the face and head regions.
In an emergency room in St. Paul, Harland Dorrinson, forty-one, was waiting to be treated for bruising to the facial area after he made a crack about how the below-freezing temperatures meant that climate-change activists were full of shit.
Jim Warren was DDJ's editor for only about a year and a half. While he went on to make a splash with his series of West Coast Computer Faires, subsequent DDJ editors[1] like Marlin Ouverson,[2][3] Hank Harrison, Michael Swaine and Jonathan Erickson appear to have focused on the journalistic and social aspects of the young but growing microcomputer industry. Eventually PCC, the non-profit corporation, sold DDJ to a commercial publisher.[1]
“What is a Bag of Devouring,” you may ask? A Bag of Devouring is a cursed item that acts like a Bag of Holding until you reach your hand in to pull something out. When it detects flesh it tries to swallow its victim whole in one round. If it succeeds you’ll have a 50/50 shot of wishing the victim back to life on your plane of existence, but if you fail it becomes impossible to resurrect the victim with mortal magic. It’s a nice learning tool that I have used in the past to teach players to investigate their magic items carefully. Rarely have I had to devour a character. Normally it makes a failing grab check, the players see the gnashing teeth, and learn a lesson: “Your GM is a jerk.”
I had designed Pazuzu to be a roguish devil. I know it deviates from the lore but, hey it’s my story. Pazuzu’s lair was a large city deep under ground called Brimstone and at the center of his city was his casino/home. To gain an audience with him they needed to complete some quest to build their reputation. They did so and in the process learned that Pazuzu’s second in command had made a deal with Lamashtu to help her kill Pazuzu and take his power.
At this point I expect the players to grab the Chilled Heart and make a run for it. I had planned to have them gather an army to protect the last bastion of hope, the City of Light, and face Lamashtu on a giant, wildly cinematic battlefield. I thought this was going to take several sessions to do. I could already see them riding out to meet Lamashtu on the field of battle and put an end to her once and for all… but that’s not what happened.
The Wizard turned to me and said he cast Enlarge Person on the Barbarian. The Cleric joined in and also cast Bull’s Strength on the Barbarian. To top it off the Barbarian goes into a full Rage. His strength is now in the low 30s. He lumbered over to Lamashtu and grabbed the bag and began forcing it down on her head. He made his grapple check and, of course, hit a natural 20. The room erupted in screams and cheers. I had them confirm the crit and it was successful. There is no way to deprive them of this, I thought. They worked together and out-smarted me.
This time the task was to make use of ranged keyword — a mechanic that does not see much play on the ladder and competetive scene. We will start by analyzing the mechanic and then provide a few deck examples — our Metashaker finalists! Alright, let's begin!
The first deck is made by Reath. It's strategy is to play a ranged creature in front of your orb and start hitting the enemy orb as early as possible. Hilltop Archer, Siege Engine and Boulder Thrower all can be played on turn 2 (gain +1 faeria instead of building a land if necessary). Keep your archers alive with green buffs. As soon as your opponent develops lands close to you, you will be at a disadvantage. However, by the time he manages to do so he will most likely be at low health which enables you to finish him off with Flame Burst, Rebel Slinger and Siefers Wrath making up for the ranged creatures weakness.
The second deck is made by GNU_Linux and it is a GB Enchantment deck with the addition of Yakkapult. GB Enchantment decks usually tend to play defensively summoning their healthy creatures in the back and threatening the opponent with a possibility of playing Gabrian Enchantment. With the addition of Yakkapult you can now start pressuring your opponent much sooner. Your opponent will struggle to break through your healthy creatures to kill your Yakkapults so you can easily launch yaks to the enemy orb. You can also use Elderwood Embrace with Gabrian Enchantment to buff your ranged creature to 9/9 for a two turn kill. Yakkapults perfectly fit in the deck being a great win condition for it whereas the rest of the deck fully supports the ranged creature covering its weaknesses.
The last deck is made by Ramora and features Oradrim Sagittarius in Yellow Rush. The description of the card literally screams "I am made for Yellow Rush!" but making a deck with it right is not that simple. Haste creatures work really well together with the archer to gain most value out of its ability. Since you have a lot of small creatures that deal 1-2 damage to the orb including Sagittarius himself, Zealous Crusader is a great addition to the deck. Manta Rider is also a good choice because his stickiness to the board may help you trigger Sagittarius' ability and Khalims Prayer an extra time. Besides, its 3 desert requirement works well together with ranged creatures. Usually by the time you develop a 3rd desert you don't have any good spots for the land — 2 lands near the opponent orb might be enough. However, in this deck the 3rd desert is not wasted since you need one in front of your orb to summon your archers there (technically it's not the 3rd desert but 1st since you should probably open with the desert in front with this deck).
Thank you everyone for sharing your awesome ideas! While we are taking a small break make sure to take part in other contests: If Yaks Could Talk and Custom Card Creation Contest.
Anaerobes, especially in the exponential growth phase seen after a death, cause two large problems: they make that familiar forgot-to-empty-the-fridge rancid odor and also metabolize various nutrients into gas. This creates the second stage of decomposition—bloat. As its name suggests, bloat quickly becomes visible because the malodorous gas created by the anaerobes fills the abdomen and other tissues, making the corpse appear like the Michelin man. The next stage is equally sobering. Called “active decay,” this is when insects—maggots and flies and the like—begin to pick the corpse clean, and tissue that has been liquefied by putrefaction spills into the environment. The other two stages of decomposition, “advanced decay” and “remains,” can be read about here.
And while it was not Cook who took back stutter-step 65-yard kickoff return that gave Florida State renewed life in the final two minutes -- that was wideout Keith Gavin -- it was Cook's 21-yard reception on the first play of the ensuing series that put FSU in the red zone and made at least a tie in regulation a foregone conclusion.
Cook balled out in front of his family. He once again led Florida State in an incredible victory with the entire nation watching. And for doing so, he got at least one accolade he so richly deserved and likely made himself some money in the process.
Accessories are a vital part of our lives, making numerous activities easier. At Gotapparel.com we have a wide variety of blank accessories that can be easily customized, including aprons, bags, chairs, gloves, towels, robes, sandals, and socks made by popular name brands, like BagEdge, Port Authority, Gemline, UltraClub, Sport-Tek, Anvil, and more at low discounted prices that allow you to stock up on as many accessories as you might need for personal or professional uses.
President Barack Obama's administration is asking the justices to allow it to put in place two programs that could shield roughly 4 million people from deportation and make them eligible to work in the United States.
Pilsner? Really? Makes Miller’s claim “taste a real Pilsner” seem plausible. Reminded me of what you might pour out of the bottom of an open Fritos bag if it were left out in the rain, i.e. corn juice. And not the high fructose variety either! At least THAT can be really tasty. G-LO says: Bland bland bland. Where is that hint of bitterness and maltiness that I crave from a Pilsner? This one made me long for a Bud/Miller/Coors. At 67 cents a can, I say throw in 8 more cents and buy yourself a can of soda.
Not a top notch IPA by any standards, but far from a weak immitator. They may be once removed from Firestone-Walker, but the “big brothers” don’t let this brewery stray too far from standards brewed at the the Big House. For the price, a respectable value IPA. G-LO says: Finally! A drinkable and downright enjoyable beer! Firestone Walker makes this for them. Their Union Jack and Double Jack IPAs are fantastic. This isn’t that, but it’s still quite good.
Any visitor to Hong Kong will tell you that umbrellas are already a fixture of life in the city, essential not only for keeping yourself dry during the rainy spring and summer but also providing much-needed shade from the sun. The "world's most expensive umbrella," made of American ox-hide and using antique German frame, was made there in Hong Kong in 1994, and single-use umbrellas can be bought from vending machines in subway stations, adding only further to the item's ubiquity.
Perhaps it makes sense, then, that when pro-democracy activists came out on the streets to joing the "Occupy Central" protests, many brought umbrellas with them. Many of these activists, driven to protest by what they saw as the inability of Hong Kong's leaders to stand up to Beijing, probably brought their umbrellas to provide shelter from the late September sun.
The characters aren’t functionally different from each other; they’re just each tied to one or two of the five specific car classes that are different from each other. Payback splits its cars into five categories – race, off-road, drift, drag, and runner (which are used for battling cops). Cars for specific race types need to be purchased from specific dealers and can’t be used in any other race type than the one they were purchased for. It’s a bit restrictive, particularly considering the game doesn’t always necessarily play by its own rules. For instance, it makes a fuss out of communicating that ‘runner’ cars are specially-reinforced vehicles built to take on police, but then regularly throws us into cop chases in non-runner cars that seem to handle the events just as adequately. It doesn’t mind tossing drag cars into impromptu sprint races, either. I wasn’t a fan; my GT-R drag car corners like a whale on a skateboard.
Beyond the cars, however, I found Payback less visually impressive than Need for Speed 2015 overall. Payback’s dry and dusty casino city and its outskirts make for a large, varied map (and it boasts a day/night cycle this time around) but it’s not nearly as good-looking as the grimy, reflection-packed, rain-slick asphalt of Need for Speed 2015.
To make your car faster you need Speed Cards, and each vehicle your crew owns has six slots for Speed Cards (the slots ostensibly represent things like the gearbox, or the turbo, and such). You can earn a single, random Speed Card by completing a race, but at best it will only be an incremental improvement on your current Speed Card line-up. You can also buy Speed Cards for in-game cash from auto parts stores, but the cards they carry are random and rotate every 30 minutes.
I wholeheartedly support using skulls as a seal-writing medium. We should make it our priority when we have Sealing 20 (which costs 432 XP , so it won't be soon)
We should also think about other creative uses of seals on bones. Force Blade seals inscribed on knuckles under the skin to allow Wolverine-style force claws, anyone? (Of course, we will need to modify Force Wall to make it smaller and mobile, first)
3. Use Either String a I can’t really recommend using this method in any circumstance. If you don’t need to distinguish errors, you should have used Maybe . If you don’t need to handle errors while you’re in pure code, use exceptions. If you need to distinguish errors in pure code, for the love of god, don’t use strings, make an enumerable type! However, in base 4.3 or later (GHC 7), this monad instance comes for free in Control.Monad.Instances ; you no longer have to do the ugly Control.Monad.Error import. But there are some costs to having changed this: see below.
4. Use Monad and fail to generalize 1-3 If you at all a theoretician, you reject fail as an abomination that should not belong in Monad , and refuse to use it. If you’re a bit more practical than that, it’s tougher to say. I’ve already made the case that catching string exceptions in pure code isn’t a particularly good idea, and if you’re in the Maybe monad fail simply swallows your nicely written exception. If you’re running base 4.3, Either will not treat fail specially either: -- Prior to base-4.3 Prelude Control.Monad.Error> fail "foo" :: Either String a Loading package mtl-1.1.0.2 ... linking ... done. Left "foo" -- After base-4.3 Prelude Control.Monad.Instances> fail "foo" :: Either String a *** Exception: foo So you have this weird generalization that doesn’t actually do what you want most of the time. It just might (and even so, only barely) come in handy if you have a custom error handling application monad, but that’s it. It’s worth noting Data.Map does not use this mechanism anymore.
5. Use MonadError and a custom error type MonadError has become a lot more reasonable in the new world order, and if you are building your own application monad it’s a pretty reasonable choice, either as a transformer in the stack or an instance to implement. Contrary to the old advice, you can use MonadError on top of IO : you just transform the IO monad and lift all of your IO actions. I’m not really sure why you’d want to, though, since IO has it’s own nice, efficient and extensible error throwing and catching mechanisms (see below.) I’ll also note that canonicalizing errors that the libraries you are interoperating is a good thing: it makes you think about what information you care about and how you want to present it to the user. You can always create a MyParsecError constructor which takes the parsec error verbatim, but for a really good user experience you should be considering each case individually.
The youngest mother on record was a five year old Peruvian girl. Lina Medina made medical history when she gave birth by caesarean section in May 1939. Her parents initially thought she had a large abdominal tumour but doctors later confirmed she was actually pregnant. Lina gave birth to a healthy boy which she named Gerardo after a doctor at the hospital. Gerardo grew up alongside his mother and always considered her his sister until he was told the truth when he was ten year old. Lina and her husband still live in Peru but Gerardo died in 1979.
This kinda stuff makes R Kelly look like Mother Theresa
Max at Townshend Audio really ought to take the credit for bringing this app to our attention and it certainly makes for an interesting demonstration of his isolation products. Basically you place this on your speaker, or any other bit of kit, walk around the room and watch the seismograph go crazy as your feet hit the ground. The more isolated from the ground your kit, the less the seismograph will jump around.
Choose a spot that gets plenty of full sun and only partial shade. Have a clay pot about 2 feet/61 centimeters deep and the same width at the ready. No need for pebbles or other drainage device at the bottom. Pour enough soil in to cover the bottom thickly. Knock the sapling out of its original container and place in the new pot. Fill the pot with soil around the tree and make sure it stands stable. Water thoroughly.
Senators Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Charles E. Schumer (D-NY), and Mazie Hirono (D-HI) introduced a bill that would make permanent a rule devised by Mitch McConnell that uses resolutions of disapproval to allow the president to raise the debt ceiling.
Visual Stress Clinic Although each eye sees a separate image, these images are blended in the brain into one single picture. The eyes are rarely completely straight. In most of us, they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing. If our eyes drift too much, this can cause headaches and discomfort, especially when reading. The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level. It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous. Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles. 'I want to see properly' Megan Slater, 15, is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school: "I want to be able to see properly - I don't want to be frustrated. WHAT TO LOOK FOR If your child is having difficulties at school, check if the following apply: They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading They complain of the print becoming blurry They find it easier to read on a coloured background They rub their eyes after reading for a while They often lose their place when reading aloud They often misread short words "When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry." Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university, studying biochemistry. "I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print," she said. "After 20 minutes I'd usually be asleep in the library, it was exhausting. "I've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results." Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed. The reason is that the condition isn't easily spotted in a routine eye test. You could have 20/20 vision and still have binocular instability. Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway, who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University, diagnosis is a problem. She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability. Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access. On the High Street, only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition. Funding is another key issue. Professor Bruce Evans, director of research at the Institute of Optometry, has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability. He said: "We have had sympathy from politicians, but so far no promises of proper funding for this. It has been a very frustrating process." Significant problem There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition. WHAT TO DO If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and/or Visual Stress (Mears-Irlen Syndrome: Get a regular eye test (they are free now on the NHS) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year, as their sight changes all the time If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses, or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test, ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively, ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems. "This is affecting a sizable number of our children," she said. "Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems, we should be campaigning in the streets about this." And the condition also runs in families, so if the problem isn't spotted, you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is. After all, how does a five-year-old child know how reading should feel? The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful. Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself, and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress, also known as Meares-Irlen Syndrome. Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms. And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself. According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems, as many as 80% appear to have binocular instability and/or visual stress. "When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population, it's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions" said Nadia. Edi Stark presents Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST.
Another probable candidate for jaded backer expectations is a new robot named Robit. It’s a tiny robot currently seeking funding on Indiegogo that plans to be the robot that “does it all.” A robot such as Mr. Handy from the Fallout series if you will. With Robit, however, that’s not exactly the case. The robot moves around on two wheels with a weird motorized head at the top that spins around in an effort to convey emotion. No arms, object manipulators, or end effectors of any kind. The makers of Robit boast he can set alarms, remind you of your daily tasks, act as a robotic webcam for video calling, and even advise you on what to eat if you’re on a diet. These tasks boil down to the essential apps found on most smartphones. However, with Robit, the backer is going to have to make sure Robit’s available 100% of the time, and there’s no way he’s fitting in a pocket. Once a backer realizes this, they’re more likely to get annoyed with the hassle of Robit and just go back to using technology that’s faster and more reliable.
The main point here is that these social robots are no more than your smartphone in the flesh. A smartphone, however, is quick, reliable, and portable. Putting the burden on a robot to tell you the weather may seem novelty at first, but it’s almost certain to get old once you realize that you have to make sure your robot’s there, listening, and answering in record timing before you get frustrated and resort to other means of technology. Wait, isn’t that what we’ve already done with our phone’s digital assistants? Social robots are on their way, but they’ll be a big disappointment to those who paid for them to arrive.
In November 2012, with the announcement that Visions was named album of the year by record shops Rough Trade and Resident, two exclusive bonus discs were made available with any purchase of the album in each shop, featuring remixes and rare tracks.[41]
Matt James of PopMatters praised the album as "an absolute blast" and opined, "Sure, it could have done without some of the interludes [...] but its overall sense of ambition is intoxicating. Visions' rebellious contrariness to evade classification is part of the design and certainly part of the charm".[5] Heather Phares of AllMusic concluded, "Fresh and surprisingly accessible despite its quirks,Visions is bewitching".[53] Eric Harvey of Spin wrote, "The pervasive sense on Visions is of a young woman carefully pushing out of her own introversion, which makes the moments where she sings from the gut instead of the throat [...] or strives for human-on-human sensuality [...] all the more thrilling". Harvey continued, "Boucher's talent lies in the balance of exploiting her gifts and leveraging what's come before her, but judiciously".[62] Kevin Liedel of Slant Magazine viewed the album as "a flawed but intimate glimpse into the fantasies of its creator, and while it might not act as a springboard to greater fame for Grimes, it's just as satisfying to hear her take her bedroom music into a darkened basement, away from the prying world."[65] However, Luke Winkie of Under the Radar felt that Visions "isn't as much of an evolution as it is an elongation; Boucher is still making warped, sparsely-populated electro-pop, and the potential still outweighs the content", adding that the album "stands as a half-formed concept".[66] Reyan Ali of The Phoenix stated that "the ever-fascinating Boucher clearly has unusual ideas sloshing around her skull", but ultimately criticized the album as "unnecessarily oblique, listlessly long (48 minutes!), and painfully shapeless".[67] Rolling Stone's Jody Rosen expressed that "Grimes isn't spooky enough to be 'ghostly,' and not substantial enough to hold your attention."[61]
"Oblivion" was ranked the best song of 2012 by both Pitchfork and PopMatters; the former called it "beautifully fragmented" and stating it "sound[s] both chilly and machine-like but also radiate[s] human warmth and imperfection",[77] while the later opined that "this nouveau dream pop triumph is surely the album's calling card, the definitive encapsulation of everything that makes the record (not to mention the musician behind it) so beguiling to listen to".[78] The NME named "Oblivion" and "Genesis" the sixth and 16th best tracks of 2012, respectively.[79] Rolling Stone included "Oblivion" at number 28 on its list of the 50 Best Songs of 2012, writing that on the song, Grimes "drops sugar-dust vocals over a thwunking synth loop, sounding perfectly dreamy until you listen to the words: 'I never walk alone after dark.../Someone could break your neck/Coming up behind you and you'd never have a clue.' The catchiness only makes it creepier".[80]
Mario Balotelli's intention was always to be in France this summer. When the draw was made for the Euros, he posted on Instagram that he couldn't wait for it. Antonio Conte's reaction was withering. What does he mean he can't wait? Can't wait to watch it on TV? As expected, Balotelli was nowhere near the Italy squad, but he has still ended up in France all the same. Just later than he thought.
For a brief flashing moment even neutrals believed the hype and foresaw Balotelli, then only 21, keeping the promise he made to one day win the Ballon d'Or. Now 26, you would have thought his next move would be for the kind of money Gareth Bale or Paul Pogba commanded. Quite depressingly, his value has been in a downward spiral instead and he joins Nice for nothing. "Balotelli on a free is still paying over the odds by Nice," joked Jamie Carragher.
When he moved to Liverpool, his agent Mino Raiola made no secret that it was his client's last chance in the calcio che conta -- the football that matters. He even revealed to La Gazzetta dello Sport that he had made a bet with Balotelli. "You've got a four-year contract and I am not getting you out of it. Either you leave Liverpool for 60 or 70 million and I win my bet or you die there." Raiola lost his bet. Balotelli has gone from being his highest-profile, most-talked-about client along with Ibrahimovic to the one we see and hear little of. Pogba has eclipsed him. Romelu Lukaku and Blaise Matuidi are subjects of greater interest.
Balotelli no longer makes headlines on or off the pitch. The myth-making has stopped. The eccentricity goes unseen. The larger than life public persona, blown up beyond his control and comfort level by a hype machine turned up to 11, has shrunk. No one would ever have put Balotelli down as the shy and retiring type and yet he has retreated from the limelight for a number of understandable reasons. He isn't quite as reclusive as J.D. Salinger, who perhaps would have discerned similarities in Balotelli and a 21st century Italian Holden Caulfield, but the pursuit of a relatively simpler, more balanced life is clear.
People all too easily forget Balotelli is human just like you and me. He's now a father and the estrangement from the mother of his daughter has not made things easy. His adoptive father has also passed away. Events like these in anybody's life put things into perspective and force you to re-evaluate what's important. Contrary to his image, Balotelli isn't a bad boy. He means well. Maybe, just maybe, Nice is the right place for him.
The Toronto Raptors have made a habit out of doing things the difficult way.
"We knew it wasn't going to be easy, we made it hard on ourselves down the stretch," Casey said. "But I thought we showed a lot of resiliency down the stretch.
"Them talking, calming us down in the huddle being those leaders and just reassuring us we were fine," Patrick Patterson said. "There was enough time left on the clock. They made their run but we can easily make ours and that is exactly what happened."
Terry gave the Bucks one last gasp, connecting on a three to make it just a two-point game with 16 seconds left. But DeRozan scored two free throws, then Patterson intercepted Tony Snell's inbounds pass to clinch the win, DeRozan spiking the ball victoriously.
"[DeRozan and I] talked about it in the locker-room, we both were completely calm," he said. "We knew they were going to make a run, we knew the situation. You've gotta stay calm.
The Raptors shot 46 per cent on the night, and made nine of their 22 three-point attempts. The Bucks shot 42 per cent.
There’s a number of different ways we can work with that, but there are just pressures that make it challenging. That’s one example of a leverage point throughout the design process where we could get a better starting point, and once we have that starting point, we can execute against it fairly reliably to do better. There are some other points, but that’s one of the key ones that really can make a big difference.
Clark Quinn: I do. I think there’s a couple of things that will make a difference. When you’re hiring outside experts, maybe you’re producing learning for the market, you might have to reward them for their time, and then you have a strict … actually, in many cases that’s easier, because you can have a strict relationship expectation statement that says, you know, upon this, you will get paid. It’s internal experts that tend to be harder, and yet you need your business partners who you’re developing this for to acknowledge that you can’t do it without access to them. Part of it is in setting the expectations up front in what the relationship has to be, and being very concrete about why it has to be.
Like I said, also triangulating, so getting it from the supervisor of the people you’re training, who aren’t necessarily the same as the subject matter experts, and find out the problems that they still exhibit even after training, and bring that back in and say, “Well, we’re going to make those alternatives.” If you can get several subject matter experts, ideally getting several and getting them to work together really helps unpack that thinking, but that’s even more of a time commitment, as you point out.
Clark Quinn: I couldn’t agree more. The designers in the company should be experts in the company’s business if they’re going to support it, and that’s part of the bigger picture of the strategy. There’s more to it. There’s a number of other touch points. There was some work Atul Gawande did, who wrote “The Checklist Manifesto,” where you have two checklists, one making sure you dotted the I’s and crossed the T’s, and that’s really good and most people do that, but he also had one where people synced up at the right point to make sure you’re on the page.
I’m suggesting there’s three major elements, processes around working with SMEs, processes that have great definition around how to make each of those elements work well, and getting the right connections, people working together at the right touch points to get the maximum benefit of creativity and quality along the way.
Sanjay Nasta: I was reading through your “Serious eLearning Manifesto,” and I love the summary. I think I’m going to make a poster and stick it in all our IDs’ offices. The move from content-focused to perform-focused, the move from efficient for authors to meaningful learning, and attendance-driven to engagement-driven, all of those will be very powerful changes in the industry. I get in deep trouble sometimes because I challenge what our industry is doing. I challenge the quality of the work that we are doing. I can’t politely repeat that in an interview, though. How has the traction been on the “eLearning Manifesto”? Are you starting to get some traction?
Clark Quinn: We’ve had traction. We got buy-in from ASTD and [inaudible 16:52] and ISPI and “Training” magazine, and we’ve had continuing people signing up, so we’ve gotten mind space. People have come up and said, “Oh, I love it,” but where I’ve seen a barrier is people having the momentum to make the change to do it. I have to give credit. That wasn’t me alone. That was with Michael Allen and Allen Interactions, who’s been decades at the, you know, ledge. Julie Dirksen, who wrote the great book “Design for How People Learn,” and Will Thalheimer, one of our great translators of research into practice.
Clark Quinn: That’s great. I love open-book. I think you’re spot on, Sanjay, in that area. The ability to recite rote information is not going to help organizations succeed. The ability to make better decisions, the right ones at the right time, is what’s going to make a difference, and that’s going to come from this deeper e-learning design. That’s what I’m trying to raise awareness of and help organizations do, so we can start lifting our businesses, our earnings, reputation and success.
Dale Ho, director of the American Civil Liberties Union voting project, said, “Signing a piece of paper will not make Trump’s false statements about voter fraud true.”
Could it be that having too many choices has left us dissatisfied with whichever one we choose - because we constantly fear another path in life could make us happier?
That's all well and good, but while the men may be helping more at home, most of us are tying ourselves in knots trying to make a success of the careers we regard as a birthright.
And who makes the very thought of a sex life some kind of blurred and unimaginable mirage.
Julian Ranger, the UK financier who is raising cash for Astrobotic, said: 'We believe we can get the cost [of reaching the moon] down to $50m, a price tag that will transform lunar exploration and make the moon a target for for all sorts of commercial operations.
"The United States Marshals Service shall dispose of the Silk Road Hidden Website and the Silk Road Server Bitcoins according to law," wrote Judge J. Paul Oetken, of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in a court order that was issued on Wednesday but not made public until Thursday.
IBM took their cues from the positive responses around offering front accessibility (as with the iDataPlex systems) and carried that over to NextScale. Chaudhry freely admits that while iDataPlex was made for its own configuration and offered little flexibility, the idea with NextScale was to “keep all the things we liked and get rid of other things, like the full-width server versus this 8.5 inch wide but deep (versus shallow) approach.”
Previously, Jinusean announced that they will be featuring numerous different female musicians in the song, which was originally sung by YG-trainee Jang Hana. 2NE1‘s Sandara Park and Akdong Musician‘s Lee Suhyun have also joined them on stage for the song so far. This will make Hani the third female star to be guest-featured on a performance of the song.
We could make some slight variations to the math to achieve a different design. For example, using the Z component of the NDC to scale the thickness of the lines as they fall deeper into the scene. This would help give a greater sense of depth.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
3. Added caching! I discovered that BitcoinCharts doesn't like it when API requests are made more than once every 15 minutes... so now I'm caching all outgoing API requests to speed up the process. BitcoinCharts data will be cached for 16 minutes, Mt. Gox and Open Exhcange will be cached for 2 minutes just to get a speed boost.
Sr. MemberActivity: 274Merit: 250 Re: [ANNOUNCE] BTCtoX - Rate Converter between BTC and other currencies June 24, 2012, 07:49:12 PM #14 This is an idea, since I'm not in trading -- but if there was an API to retrieve a dump of prices in many exchanges, one could build a graph structure and try to compute a cycle of trade to make money. For example, I know that I can buy bitcoin at the cavirtex for CAD for less than mtgox, then sell it for USD on mtgox, move the money accross the border back to canada with RBC USA free cross-border transfer, and be in net profit. Of course there are commission fees in the exchanges, but it is a matter to have all the data quickly retrieved in one location, and running some search and optimization code on it. Since you are querying all those exchanges anyways, maybe you can bunch up all the data into one json, and allow people to make such an application of off your api? Just10.com -- Ad-Free Private Social Network for just 10 of your friends.
In a statement 50 Cent said he wanted "to make good with Andrew Farrell".
"Today, I have made a donation of $100,000 to this worthy cause through Autism Speaks.
In a statement, they said: "As requested we have received a letter apologising for 50 Cent's behaviour and we have chosen to accept it, along with a request that a donation be made to Autism Speaks.
Both campaigns have made an active pitch to veterans, particularly in battleground states such as Florida that have a heavy military presence. Romney has consistently led in polls among veterans as well.
Candidate Obama was right. Eventually he saved that entire company and more than 1 million auto jobs. But he could not reverse a corporate decision made well before he took office.
Those were really handy when I was checking my deletion progress. Unfortunately I defined them in the shell so I had to make sure to only run them from the window I defined them in. I then decided to write this tool, which allows definition of new commands almost as simply as defining a function in the shell.
PC Gamer: Child protagonists are not all that common in video games. Why did you guys decide to make Clementine the lead for season two?
Darin: A lot of shows and games fall into the pitfall of using a child character's inexperience to cause problems, and that makes you not like the character at all, because they're just causing problems. We try to be mindful of that when we're writing our stories, and that's one of the things I think that made Clementine not a hated character in Season One, made her a beloved character. She was not just causing problems through her inexperience, and we're carrying that through Season Two as well.
Lenart: Well, one of the really interesting things you touch upon there is that in Season One, a lot of times, people made good decisions with Clementine around, based on wanting to show her this is how the world is. “You need to learn how to survive,” or “You don't need to see this, I'm trying to keep you, retain a sense of your humanity as much as possible.” There's things you can do that she didn't know about, but now … you're the one who's going to be making Clementine have to go through these terrible times and make these tough decisions. So, there's a lot more of the feeling of ownership, but also, at the same time, I think it really puts you in an interesting head space, where you really feel like the world is just all hits, pressing down around you. It's “The Walking Dead,” so no one's safe at any time. You know that everything you do has repercussions. So, I think the fact that it is Clementine that you're playing as, it makes every little thing a lot harder.
How will some of the choices players made in Season One affect Clementine?
Darin: Basically, we're always looking for little places to call back to things. The choices you made in Season One and the things you did with Clementine color who she is in Season Two. That's an important thing for us. We're trying not to be super heavy-handed with it, but we're really retaining that sense of feeling like the Clementine you helped raise in Season One, this is the logical progression of that arc that you went through with her.
Lenart: We did make the promise that 400 Days, and Season One, those choices are going to carry over. A thing that happens in both Season One and in 400 Days, those events, those choices that you made, they will figure into the story in possibly unexpected ways.
When you made the decision to cast Clementine as the playable character, were you at all concerned about how it'd be received by an audience that's used to playing beefy space Marines and sexy adventurers?
I think part of the core of this whole game, too, is making her the opposite of a space Marine. So, she doesn't have different guns. She doesn't have special powers. She's not super-oddly strong for a young girl. We really try to make you feel like you are a young girl in the zombie apocalypse, and you have all the same limitations that she would have. I think that's what we're really excited about with Season Two. It's a challenge that you get personally involved in. That's what makes it fun to play, is you put yourself into unique situations and you have to make the decisions, and you have to try to roleplay them in a variety of different ways. That's what's fun about it.
There are several technologies and concepts that make the VRcade platform unique and immersive. For instance, the system uses optical motion capture cameras for tracking both props and users, including any and all parts, down to the fingers. We take this tracking and apply it to how the user sees, hears, and interacts with the simulation using a custom HMD (Head-Mounted Display), binaural audio, pumped through high-quality headphones, and their own natural movements. This creates an intuitive way to experience and control a virtual world, that suddenly seems less virtual and more 'reality'. Because of this combination of technology and software, we do not need to rely on other forms of input and interaction, such as a joystick or omni-directional treadmill.
To make it easier to understand where all the money is going, we've divided this zombie into easy-to-visualize parts:
As you can see, the majority of the money raised in this campaign will go towards building hardware. A chunk gets set aside for Kickstarter, a small portion goes to indie developers who win the game-jam competitions, and then the last major piece will go towards paying for additional staffing and decorations for the event. We want to make sure you have the best end-to-end experience, and this means making everything look and feel like a traditional haunted house and make sure there is plenty of assistance to make the whole process run smoothly and make sure nobody gets hurt.
Thanks to our friends at OCVR, we have unknowingly completed our first game jam for The Nightmare Machine. We have scheduled the remaining game jams for August and are well on our way to completing the software framework that brings the entire experience together. We also recently hosted our first two play-test sessions, provided some decent scares, and have received some good feedback to make the experience even scarier for the rest of you.
When you notice what is happening around you, it can help you to calm down when you’re sad, angry or frustrated. Mindfulness helps you deal with tough emotions, and mindfulness can make you happy and feel good.
Pretty awesome, isn’t it? Most adolescents deal with strong emotions, and mindfulness skills can really make a difference. Now that you know more about mindfulness, would you like to give it a try?
Mindfulness can make us feel better emotionally and physically.
Call it the Bannon Test: If Steve says you’re crossing a line, then you should absolutely take a step back and reconsider how you got to this point. This is exactly what happened when Trump made the snap decision to fire James Comey earlier this week. Bannon, and many others in the White House, told Trump to wait until a more opportune moment, but Trump, whose impulse control is somewhere between beagle and 5-year-old, couldn’t wait. He fired his FBI director and kicked up a shitstorm that could be an existential threat to his administration.
The Trump administration’s initial case for firing Comey—that he had badly mishandled the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails—fell apart in less than twelve hours. Instead, it became clear that Trump was firing Comey because he did not like how Comey was handling the investigation into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia. According to The New York Times, the decision to fire Comey was most likely made after the FBI director’s most recent stint before Congress:
Trump fired Comey to make the Russia investigation go away, but the irony is that he’s almost certainly made the situation much worse. The White House and the intelligence community are leaking like crazy. He’s in a full-fledged war with the FBI. Republicans in Congress are once again eyeing him warily, and may be forced to set up some sort of independent commission to investigate Trump’s ties to Russia. Even if there is no cover-up, the optics of firing the guy investigating you are insanely bad.
Trump insists that he has nothing to do with Russia and yet acts as if he has something incredibly damaging to hide. Before Comey was fired, Republicans in Congress seemed more than happy to run interference for Trump by turning the investigation into a referendum on the surveillance state. Trump has made that task infinitely more difficult. “I’m a very instinctual person, but my instinct turns out to be right,” Trump has said. But the master of instinctual politics keeps punching himself in the face.
Following the verdict, Acting U.S. Attorney Carole Rendon said in a statement that "We respect the jury’s verdict. Prosecution of excessive use of force cases are always challenging. Police officers make incredible sacrifices daily and we remain grateful to all of those officers who are working to keep us safe."
The cause of the warming is in part due to a feedback loop unique to the Arctic's northern climate. Normally, the region stays cool because snow and ice reflect a lot of sunlight back into space. But warmer temperatures are melting that snow and ice. The melting snow exposes darker ground and water that absorb more of the sun's heat. That makes the Arctic warm up even faster.
"In other places, going from 75 F to 80 F might not make such a great difference," he says. "But if you cross the melting point, you are basically stepping into a completely new world."
1. Small incisions are made in the abdominal wall for the insertion of small trocars
Democratic leaders in New York scored two major progressive policy wins in their recent budget deal with Republicans who control the state senate—a $15 minimum wage by 2021 and 12 weeks of paid family leave for all workers. But a third progressive prize—a sweeping ethics reform package proposed in the wake of recent high-level corruption convictions—never made it into the budget package.
“The whole thing hinges on what the governor does,” says Horner. “If he chooses to make it a priority, there’s a shot.”
“There never was a deal,” Barbara Bartoletti, legislative director for New York’s League of Women Voters, told the Prospect. “The governor has done this before. He puts [ethics reform] in the budget but, as far as I can tell, he never had any intention to make this stick in any way. He went across the state for the minimum wage, but never once mentioned ethics.”
In response to a request for comment from the Prospect, Cuomo’s office pointed to comments he made in mid-March. "‎After the budget, you still have April, May, June, because the session goes until June and my opinion is nobody should leave Albany and end the session unless we at least do the pension forfeiture bill, the LLC loopholes, because I just think that would be inexplicable to the people of this state and the legislators are smart people. They know they go back and they run for election,” Cuomo said.
The ethics reform process itself has drawn allegations of inherent conflicts of interest. Cuomo is the largest recipient of LLC contributions, many of them reportedly from high-dollar real estate donors. Many Republican members of the legislature make large incomes outside public office and, critics say, don’t want to impose limits on their own wealth. Democrats in the Assembly also stand accused of protecting the pensions of legislators who’ve been convicted of corruption, which includes many prominent leaders of their party. It’s not the first time politicians have resisted acting against their own self-interest.
“I don't know how I could have been any louder on ethics than I was in my State of the State and I don't know how I could have been any stronger in statements I've made since the scandals than I've been,” Cuomo told reporters. “And I don't know how I could have been any more aggressive in my proposals.”
If the legislature fails to take up reform this session, proponents will try to make their case on the campaign trail in the lead up to the November elections. With public outrage at corruption boiling over, activist groups are primed to dedicate resources getting pro-reform candidates elected and making anti-corruption legislation a top priority.
Cuomo has said that ethics reform will be his first priority after the budget. That remains to be seen. His failure to push very hard to include his provisions in the budget deal disillusioned good-government activists, who call into question his willingness to make substantial reform a top priority for his administration.
“We can assist and our military obviously can play an extraordinarily important role in bolstering efforts of an Iraqi partner as they make the right steps to keep their country together, but we can’t do it for them,” he repeated.
While there are a lot of bra and panty sets hanging up around the store, only a limited size range is actually on the rack, which makes sense due to limited space. I think ettiquette-wise it’s fine to pull your own size if you see it, but generally it seems to be the case that you ask a sales associate to get what you’re interested in and bring it to the fitting room for you. I also recommend asking for any additional styles that might not be on the rack. For example, only one Freya padded half cup bra was on display – Kiyoko – which didn’t interest me, but the associate was able to bring me two different ones from the back – Strawberry Fields and Utopia.
I consider Bravissimo to be probably the best full bust shopping destination in the UK. Even though I am sure that there are competent local boutiques around the country and I know that there are a lot of UK-based websites with great prices and a lot of stock (because I order from them all the time), the fact that Bravissimo is a chain with so many brands and styles in-store all the time makes it super accessible. The fitters are knowledgeable and their stores are a pleasure to browse and shop in. I have no hesitation to recommend Bravissimo in Cheltenham if you happen to be in the area.
There’s a huge problem with this particular changing of the guard, however – after the heights of Series 9, we’d have to wait for a while. Series 10 has been pushed back to 2017, in order to make the transition from Moffat to Chibnall smoother. I’d support this decision if we only had something to watch other than the 2016 Christmas Special. You see, by Christmas 2016, 365 days will have passed without a new Doctor Who episode on TV, marking the first full year without the show since 2005.
"I'm really disappointed that this document didn't make it into the public sphere," said Kathleen Lahey, law professor at Queen's University in Kingston, Ont.
The May 2009 issue of Consumer Reports ranked Trader Joe's the second-best supermarket chain in the United States (after Wegmans).[17] In June 2009, MSN Money released its third annual Customer Service Hall of Fame survey results. Trader Joe's ranked second in customer service.[18] Although Ethisphere magazine listed Trader Joe's among its most ethical companies in the United States from 2008 to 2010, Trader Joe's did not make the list in 2011.[19][20][21] In 2014, Consumer Reports again ranked Trader Joe's a top-scoring supermarket chain.[22]
The chain ranked low on Greenpeace’s sustainable seafood report card. The packaging is excessive, with even the produce sealed in plastic. The business model forces consumers to buy in quantities large enough to encourage waste. And most of Trader Joe’s products are made on equipment shared with everything you might be allergic to (dairy, nuts) or philosophically opposed to eating (dairy, meat). Cameron Scott, San Francisco Chronicle, 2013[32]
One big thing to make clear: these features don’t turn the Model S into a full blown self-driving car. You won’t be punching in your destination and laying back for a nap; instead, these features are meant more to make your long highway commutes less painful.
Oh, and it’ll parallel park for you, too. That feature has made its way into other cars, of course — but it works well in the Model S. It’s fast, and perfectly smooth. It doesn’t feel like you’re being parked by a robot; instead, it feels like you’ve got a really talented human parking the car.
5 Leave No Trace Tips for Winter Trips Jan 11, 2019 Reno, NV: Winter is a great time to get outside and enjoy nature, but it can also make your favorite outdoor spaces even more susceptible to harmful impacts. Here are 5 things you should always consider on a winter trip to help... Winter is a great time to get outside and enjoy nature, but it can also make your favorite outdoor spaces even more susceptible to harmful impacts. Here are 5 things you should always consider on a winter trip to help... Read More Leave No Trace Guidance During Government Shutdown Jan 09, 2019 You’ve read the disturbing stories reported from our national parks, now that the partial government shutdown has moved into January. The situation is serious: Wildlife picking through bins piled high with trash, latrines overflowing with waste and... Read More
N.W.T. roads haven't been as kind. He's already had to make several tire repairs, and backtracked to Yellowknife last week to stock up on supplies.
The patriarch of the family, Phil Robertson, made very clear over the years that he found homosexuality disgusting (and LGBT people unworthy of equal rights). He wanted to “rid the earth” of gay marriage supporters and infamously compared homosexuality to bestiality. He also assumed atheists were so immoral that rape, murder, and violence would never faze us since morality was subjective.
Liberals obviously weren’t the target audience — I can’t recall ever watching it on purpose — but in a nation where Donald Trump can become president, and people care about the Kardashians, I guess it only made sense that millions of people cared to watch this family.
If you’re a fan of Mad Men–era NYC you should definitely see the exhibit, on view till Oct. 18, along with the museum’s long-term display of over 900 smaller artifacts from the fair. But let’s face it, all of the ephemera can’t do justice to what was truly a mind-blowing extravaganza made up of 150 fantastically designed pavilions offering everything from utopian visions of the future, to Jurassic Park-style dinosaur battles, to canoe rides through replicas of exotic island paradises — not to mention, of course, the Unisphere and the Panorama, among the few attractions that outlasted the fair.
The Africa pavilion, made up of huts on stilts (shown at 1:09 in the video above), featured caged wild animals and $500 diamonds on display. And there was tree-house dining: “The multilevel rooms of the tree-house restaurant and bar are reached by a winding staircase that girdles the tree’s massive trunk.”
The Chunky Candy pavilion showed candies being made in slow-motion.
Inside of the Ford pavilion there was a harp made of transmission housing and brake cables, and a trumpet fashioned from a section of axle and fuel pump parts. See them perform at 6:30 in the video above.
After it made the trip from Barcelona, “tree limbs were cut, telephone lines taken down, street lights swung out of the way, street signs removed, and the truck carrying the 110-ton ship became mired in soft asphalt. Cost of the five-mile trip: about $30,000.”
Miami centre Hassan Whiteside (knee) didn't even make the trip to Toronto and remains day-to-day. Raptors big man Jonas Valanciunas (ankle) was seen after the game, minus his walking boot but moving slowly with a big limp. He is out for the series.
Badstuber has made seven Bundesliga appearances this season following his return and started the last four games for Pep Guardiola's team.
A lot of us tuned into this event to get some hardware news, and Microsoft delivered. While what we ended up getting wasn’t named the Surface Book 2, it might as well be. The Surface Book i7 does everything that made the original Surface Book great and does it all with bigger and better hardware. This clean-cut, nice-looking video gives us a look at one of the prettiest laptops that are on the market today.
Hesse coat of arms was introduced in 1949. It is based on the historical coat of arms of Ludovingians, the Landgraves that ruled the Hesse and Thuringia lands and were known from the XI century. Therefore, it can be stated that the coat of arms of these territories have a fairly long history. One of the first mentions of the emblems can be found in the Ingeram Codex armorial (“Der Ingeram-Codex”) made in 1459. On the azure background of the shield a heraldic lion is depicted consisting of silver and red stripes. The “People’s crown” on the coat of arms is in the form of vine leaves.
It is now possible to make a map of the most commonly used colors in certain parts of Germany:
[1] For instance: “Gennady Seleznyov, the Speaker of the Duma, made a speech on the floor of Parliament on the morning of September 13, 1999. ‘I have just received a report,’ he announced to legislators. ‘An apartment building in the city of Volgodonsk was blown up last night.’ While Seleznyov got the basics right – an apartment building had indeed just been blown up – he had the wrong city; the blast that morning had been at 6/3 Kashirskoye Highway in Moscow. This put the Speaker in an awkward spot when an apartment building in Volgodonsk was blown up three days later.” [2] Alexander Litvinenko, for example, was a former FSB agent who blew the whistle on the Apartment Bombings and ended up dying a slow, painful radiation-induced death after being poisoned with a kind of Polonium that could only be obtained at a specific former nuclear site in Russia. Putin himself later awarded the man suspected by the British government of murdering Litvinenko a medal of honour.
In the past few weeks, the Canadian government has used words in the opposite way, to veil and obscure rather than to reveal the meaning of their deeds. Nowhere is this more obvious than in the Nigel Wright/Mike Duffy affair. To date, no words at all have been uttered by anyone that make sense of why Wright cut a cheque to Duffy so he could repay taxpayers for claiming expenses improperly.
The occasion for his resignation was the amendments made in committee by seven Conservative MPs (six of whom were from Ontario and so devoid of Reform party recollections) of his private member’s Bill C-461, The CBC and Public Sector Disclosure and Transparency Act. Had the bill become law, it would have made the salaries of senior mandarins and CBC operatives public. Now, it may be true that making salaries public does not necessarily reduce costs. But no one made that argument in committee. In fact, no one made any arguments, because months ago, the executive decided to raise the threshold for salary disclosure. No one said a word about that either.
"I talked to [the Rangers] through my adviser a little bit through the year and I didn't know if they were seriously interested or not," Pedrie said. "After the season ended when we lost to Denver, the next day they contacted me and made me an offer. I felt like it was the perfect place playing for an Original Six team. It's something that I've dreamed of."
“With Chris, last year they wanted him to be a little bit more of a situational pass rusher. They ended up playing him more than they wanted to. We recognized that, you could kind of see it on tape. But he’s been here, he’s got a specific attitude about him. Losing Bruce (Irvin in free agency), some of those reps that Bruce was taking as a situational rusher, that’s really kind of how we see Chris. With Brandon, it was really a situation where the last two places he’s been — New England and then New Orleans — he’s been a strong leader for them. When you have to make those decisions to move on from a guy because you can’t afford him and then yet they still want to come back to your family, your team, your organization, that’s big for us. So it was a way for us to accentuate that. Now how we use him, that’s still to be determined.”
“Both guys are really special competitors and they’re really tough-minded guys and we loved them when we had them, we hated when we had to lose them. So the opportunity arose and John figured it out and jumped at it. Both guys come back, and they bring something special to us. Clemons is a really adept rusher, and he’ll be good to help our young guys learn, too. If we can keep it in the mode that we want to and the numbers of plays we want to, we think we can really keep him effective. Brandon’s got some special skills as we know, and he’s very aggressive coverage-wise and makes things happen. So we’re going to do some different things with him you’ll see in the future. We have a nice plan for it. So we’re excited about both those guys coming back. Fun to have in the building.”
Schneider added that continued enhancements in how the team monitors the conditioning of players makes it easier to bring back veterans and know how to get the most out of them.
"If I were going to make a suggestion to people, I would definitely suggest that they start emergency savings accounts," he said.
Josh Hamilton made a running over-the-shoulder catch in left field as he went to his knees and crashed into the wall. The Texas slugger had arthroscopic surgery to clean up the meniscus in his left knee Sept. 11. It was his third game in the outfield since surgery.
Rangers: Chirinos (left shoulder strain) made his second straight start at catcher for the first time since late July.
Angels: RHP Jered Weaver (7-12, 4.76 ERA) makes his second start of the season against the Rangers. He allowed one run on four hits in six innings in a no-decision when Texas won 2-1 on Sept. 5.
I'm sure I'm supposed to tell you how sad it is that it won't open as high as the first film, but I won't. The original isn't exactly a family classic. There are no real "added value elements," no kid-friendly celebrity like Ariana Grande showing up as a darker and scarier villain who planned to get caught and makes the kids and adults question the moral simplicity of the first film ("Look out behind you, Harry Connick, Jr.! Noooooooo!") to make the sequel stand out. The fact that it will open pretty close to the original while costing the same counts as a win in my book. I'll be seeing this with the whole family on Sunday, despite not having seen the first one. If anyone wants to catch me up on what I'm sure is an incredibly complicated web of world-building established in the first Dolphin Tale, that's what the comments section is for.
Seattle Seahawks QB Russell Wilson at the Rose Bowl before the shoot. Wilson’s competitiveness shined through as he made members of the EA SPORTS crew pair off and run routes to help him get loose.
Back in May, Smith commented on the company’s bootstrapping strategy at TechCrunch Disrupt NY. “People ask ‘when are you going to raise money?’ We make money every single month,” he said. “We are a revenue-positive business. We manage a team of 20 people solely on that revenue stream.”
Blockchain recently updated its two core open source wallets on Android and iOS. “Overall our growth on mobile is very strong,” Smith said. The startup wants to make it as easy as possible to manage your bitcoins without relying on a central service like Coinbase or Circle.
A widely held misconception is that global inequality between countries is declining because of growth in China and other developing countries. But that claim is generally made with respect to income inequality, and it is only partially true. Global income inequality is down only in relative terms, in the sense that an income boost from $1 to $2 a day is greater in percentage than an income boost from $1,000 to $1,500 a day.
Numerous surveys and studies h ave made it clear that the Chinese people, despite their nation's unparalleled economic growth, are no happier than they were 20 years ago, and have generally experienced a loss of well-being in their daily lives.
Though he made his name as a sanitary engineer to blue bloods, his company supplied plumbing fixtures to Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace, and Westminster Abbey, among other royal estates. Crapper himself was lowborn and was never knighted. So, it's a mystery why storytellers insist on awarding him the title "Sir,” although that misconception might account for why we sometimes call our bathrooms "throne rooms." Compounding the error, Crapper is sometimes referred to as "Sir John Crapper."
Editorialists and columnists huffed and puffed about Justin Trudeau’s “diplomatic maturity,” while Prime Minister Harper accused Trudeau of trying “to rationalize or make excuses” for those responsible for the bombings. A year later, in October 2014, Trudeau spoke about the 2003 Iraq invasion at the “Canada 2020” conference, saying it was sold to the public “with overheated, moralistic rhetoric that obscured real flaws in the strategy and the plan to implement it.” He went on: “It was a mission that destabilized the region, sowed further conflict, cost our allies three trillion dollars and cost thousands of people their lives. The world is still dealing with the consequences of that mistake.” Well, he was right, and we should learn from it. Hopefully, “root causes” in this new Trudeau era may again be in vogue. Tony Burman, former head of CBC News and Al Jazeera English, teaches journalism at Ryerson University. Reach him @TonyBurman or at tony.burman@gmail.com .
In a media briefing, Tory MPs were told to make clear the Tories would continue to champion equality.
What you won't know is that at the moment I'm very jittery and anxious, and constantly need something to keep my hands and and that distract-able part of my brain busy, even when doing things like watching TV and films - so this will make a lovely and soothing alternative to my usual cubing :)
"I hit a tee shot that bounced into the hazard and there was three or four balls down on the tide," Bettencourt said. "The tide was out on the beach, so we made our way down the hill there and his left heel caught a piece of moss on the rock. And I tried to grab him, was a couple inches away and the next thing I know, I mean, he hit his head twice on the rock. He just bounced."
Vaughn Taylor, Jon Curran make the most of top 10 at Pebble
"As we continue to witness acts of violence from protesters, we urge folks on Capitol Hill to exercise caution," said Mayor Ed Murray in a statement. "Seattle Police are advising that businesses on Broadway and other Capitol Hill streets should take reasonable precautions to protect their employees and customers. Police will continue to work to protect people and property in the area, and will make arrests when necessary."
Meanwhile, video surfaced of individuals breaking windows as they made their way through the city.
Amid the chaos, some helped clean up what others made a mess of.
Sinton, who made 161 league starts for the Hoops during his four and a half year stay in W12, will embark on his new role from June 15th, working for the club and its charitable arm, QPR in the Community Trust.
Further details regarding Sinton’s involvement at QPR will be made in due course, but in the meantime, welcome back Andy!
BUFFALO NARROWS, Sask. – An undercover operation by Saskatchewan conservation officers has resulted in over $50,000 in fines for four men. Officers launched the investigation in 2011 after a complaint was made about illegal outfitting and the abuse of walleye stock in the Buffalo Narrows region.
“This impacts sport anglers, subsistence fishermen and commercial fishermen, who rely on the lake fishery to make a living.”
“I think this will affect it,” Mica said of the air traffic control controversies, adding that he may seek new provisions in the bill on disciplinary remedies for the worst types of mistakes made by controllers.
Lobbying on the $59 billion aviation bill will heat up in coming weeks. The legislation is already under a White House veto threat due to a provision that would to make it harder for airline and railroad unions to organize.
“It makes them look unprofessional,” said Voss, noting that NATCA’s influence in Congress also was weakened when Mica’s Democratic predecessor, James Oberstar, lost his bid for re-election last November.
“I would favor zero tolerance” in certain situations, Mica said, noting that some controllers simply receive suspensions or transfers if they make a serious mistake.
Confidence in the accuracy of forecasts isn't improved when key facts get lost in translation. No one is immune. Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn was once asked about the capacity of its Tennessee plant to build the Leaf EV. Ghosn replied, "We start production in Smyrna at the end of 2012, at which point there will be capacity for 150,000 annually." When that statement was picked up by Reuters, it became "Nissan will build more than 100,000 electric vehicles a year when it starts U.S. production of the zero-emission vehicles at its Smyrna, Tennessee plant in two to three years' time. " As any student of the auto industry will tell you, there is a huge difference between the capacity of a plant to build cars and the number it eventually builds. Ghosn, who is extremely bullish about the EV outlook, was made to look more bullish than he actually was.
While he was victimized in this case, Ghosn is the father of one of one of the industry's boldest predictions: that sales of pure EVs will reach 10% of overall sales by 2020. Ghosn doesn't even make that goal conditional on gasoline prices. Ghosn is a smart man who has accomplished the impossible before and has staked his legacy on the success of the EV. But given the failure of the electrified car to live up to many of the expectations that have been set for it, you hope he has a set of very accurate darts.
Daniel Conille, who works as an usher and makes promotional videos for the theater, said he discovered a passion for hip-hop since being hired three years ago.
“Our goal is to not only bring in audiences that may have been excluded from movie-going,” Santini said. “Our prospect staff works specifically with the individual, their caregiver and families to show tips and strategies to make normal movie-going an everyday occurrence.”
The implementation is definitely clever, though [Jim] admits it is not without its problems. He took it to Maker Faire UK, and most people didn’t quite understand what they were seeing without a full explanation. The machine is not quite as reliable as he would like it to be, and he would like to make it a bit more powerful as it currently would take months to add two numbers together.
RYAN KEY: We feel like there were two groups of bands for us growing up. There was a group of bands that first inspired us to become musicians, play guitar and write songs, which are a whole separate group of bands from the groups that really made us want to be in a band and tour and be on the Warped Tour. I think I was 15 when the Nirvana record [Nevermind] was coming out, and the first Weezer record was coming out, the Smashing Pumpkins record… all those ‘90s alternative grunge or whatever-you-want-to- call-it bands who made us pick up a guitar and want to play music. For whatever reason, that’s the path we tended to go down on this record.
We wanted to make a genuine rock record and I hope that’s where we ended up. We don’t want to alienate anyone—we’re not trying to push away anyone who’s gotten us to where we are today—but it is important for us that we’re continually growing and evolving as musicians and songwriters and not making the same record over and over again. I don’t know if we set out at the beginning to make it as different as it ended up being, but when all was said and done, we were all really, really impressed with it. I think it’s the best songwriting we’ve ever done as a band.
No, I was recording Ocean Avenue Acoustic, and I hadn’t talked to her all day. Her manager called and said, “Hey Ryan, it’s Drew. Alyona has fallen and she can’t feel her legs. We’re on our way to the hospital. Call you when we get there.” I got home, packed my bags and was at the airport. I got the call at 1:30 and I made it to the airport and was on a flight by 4. It was crazy. It’s been a wild ride.
We lived in Denver for a year at the hospital in-patient rehab, so when it came time to make the record, I was in L.A. while she was in Denver. I just tried to focus on the record, and I had most of it done when she got to Los Angeles. It was good to have the time to myself to work on it, but it’s certainly been tough being away from her.
I feel happy I was able to pull so much from the same experience but make so many different songs and ideas. To me, it doesn’t feel like the whole thing is about the same experience, although all the songs evolved from the same experience. There are songs that are unrelated, but most are pulled from the one experience. There are all kinds of emotions you can pull and write about and have a different feel.
My grandfather passed a couple months before we started working on the record. I was home in Florida to see him, and my grandmother passed recently, too. It’s very common for two people who have been together for a number of years to pass soon after the other, and it totally happened with my grandparents. It’s amazing because depending on your belief [system], it makes you think they couldn’t be without each other.
My grandfather wrote a lot of poetry his whole life; we have a cool book that my mom and brother made for him once, where they collected all his poetry. He did a voiceover on a Yellowcard song in 2007 on Paper Walls called “Dear Bobbie,” and he got a writing credit. It was cool because it immortalized us, writing a song together. He was a really special man to me. I always looked up to him, and he’s definitely missed, but I feel really happy I have the ability to write songs and do something like write a song for him.
I’m sure we’re going to run into people who are like, “Oh, where’s the violin?” But it’s funny, because it’s all over the record. We used it in different, new ways, and then there are songs like “MSK” and the intro ["Convocation”] that are completely driven by strings. There are string moments on each song, but you have to listen for [t[them]I think the solo he wrote in the song “Fragile And Dear,” that shit rips your heart out, and I think he was, like we all were, making something new. I was hoping my voice worked over these new-style songs. I think Sean had the same challenge to make the violin work, and I think we all pushed ourselves to the limit.
He was a big part of why this thing turned out the way it did. At the beginning, he was like, “I think you guys are ready to step out of the box a little more. You never have before.” I think in the end, there were probably more raging rock guitars on it than he would have liked, but he helped us find a good medium. He never just lets you do things, even though we’ve made so many records with him over the years. He doesn’t just press “record” and let it go. He’s deeply invested in what we do, and that’s why we keep going back to him. It feels really good when he tells us we’re doing something good. We had a lot of fun with it. We weren’t holding back. We weren’t worried about who was going to think what about what; we just had fun and did what we thought sounded rad.
I wish so much that we could keep him. But he’s heading home to Florida and starting a coffee brewing company with his brother-in-law. It is a bummer though, because there’s magic in playing with him. He really stepped in and made it amazing. We have a few guys in mind, but we’re definitely not anywhere near making a final decision as to who gets the full-time gig.
What made you pick “One Bedroom” as the first single?
I went into that with the philosophy that I’m not going to have a philosophy; I’m not going to try to tell the label what to do. I want the label to pick what they believe in to go to radio and it’s on their shoulders to make it work. I love this song; I can’t wait. If we’re able to put a minute-long, raging ’90s filter guitar [s[solo]hing on the radio, it will be a major accomplishment. But if we’d put a song forward as a band and it didn’t work, I think they’d say, “Well, it’s not the one we’d have chosen.” So I really went into it thinking, “You guys decide. Whatever song moves you the most and you’re the most excited about.” It was an interesting choice; it was a super-different song for us.
When those lyrics started coming out, it was heavy. It’s a song that’s related to my life and my wife’s life and our experience, but anyone can grab onto that song. I love the lyrics, and that guitar solo is maybe my favorite moment on the record. It’s so big: It’s like 1993, the vibe of that solo. I’m so stoked we did that. I just think we made a lot bolder choices this time.
He and I talk about it a lot, because he’s not playing on the record and he’s not writing right now, either. At the time he came into the band, there were so many changes and we’ve been through that so many times, that we decided to keep the writing side of it Ryan [M[Mendez]Sean and I. Josh is an incredible musician, so I have full confidence in his playing, but it’s a transitional thing and it’s still the way it was when we made the transition.
Hersh makes no mention of the munitions used on 21 August, something that is key to understanding the attacks. In an interview for Democracy Now! he states that the weapons were both homemade and not in Syria's arsenal. Both these claims are wrong.
Firstly, sarin is difficult to make. Anyone who claims otherwise is oblivious to both history and chemical engineering. Germany, the US and the former Soviet Union took years to perfect the process. Its production requires a number of complex steps and the ability to handle highly dangerous chemicals at very closely controlled high temperatures and pressures. There is no evidence anyone has come up with any sort of streamlined method to manipulate the molecules to make sarin.
Second, quantity. Perfecting the process isn't enough – there is a difference between making a spoonful and enough for the August attacks, which would have needed about half a ton. This assumes a scale only reached by big state production programmes. To put it in perspective, the one verified example of non-state production of sarin was the Aum Shinrikyo cult in Japan. Their many millions of dollars, very large purpose-built manufacturing facility and highly qualified staff got them the ability to make single batches of perhaps 8 litres of short shelf life Sarin. The alleged Aleppo plant wouldn't need to be the size of the Rocky Mountain Arsenal in the US, but it would have needed to be closer to that than the size of a house.
Fourth, economics. To make this operation work it is going to take a lot of highly trained people, raw materials, and specialised equipment, as well as a facility. It would cost many tens of millions of dollars. When the rebel factions are so stretched for resources, does it make any sense to spend, say, $50m on a weapon of limited utility? Lavish expenditure must raise a paper trail somewhere; there would be order books and receipts. Let's see them.
So once you've done the first round of putty, switch to the finer of your sandpaper (400 grit in my case) and sand and putty until it FEELS and LOOKS flush. Note that I use the paper wrapped around a piece of wood to make a flat sanding block. It's best to sand with a flat block to get the smoothest finish:
"A homely and savoury dish" according to Mrs Beeton, toad in the hole was originally made with any old meat that came to hand – the original domestic goddess suggests rump steak and lamb's kidney, while a reference a century earlier glosses it as "baked beef in a pudding" and Hannah Glasse gives a recipe for pigeons in a hole.
Charles Francatelli's Plain Cookery Book for the Working Classes (1852), meanwhile, is frank about the main attraction of the toad – its price. "To make this a cheap dinner, you should buy 6d. or 1s. worth of bits or pieces of any kind of meat, which are to be had cheapest at night when the day's sale is over. The pieces of meat should be first carefully overlooked, to ascertain if there be any necessity to pare away some tainted part, or perhaps a fly-blow, as this, if left on any one piece of meat, would tend to impart a bad taste to the whole, and spoil the dish" he writes, temptingly.
Clearly toad in the hole (a phrase that tellingly makes its way into the 1811 Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue), was a way of stretching meat – any meat – a bit further, with a filling and thrifty batter. It does the same for its modern-day incarnation: you can get away with serving one sausage each if you've got enough batter and a good gravy. But, whether you're on a tight budget or not, toad in the hole is no croak of a dish: enjoy it, warts and all.
After trying almost every variety under the sun, those sausages should, I think, be pretty plain affairs – tasting mostly of pork rather than leek, apple or (shudder) chilli – anything too strident makes the batter seem unfairly bland by comparison. That said, the more mildly spiced British sausages, a herby Lincolnshire, or a peppery Cumberland, can also work well.
Like most other recipes, save for Smith's, the batter is left to rest for 15 minutes before use, which the Leith's Meat Bible helpfully explains allows the starch cells in the flour to swell, which apparently makes for a lighter end product. Smith says she's never found that it makes a difference, but as far as I'm concerned, the results speak for themselves: the toad don't lie.
Getting the pan nice and hot, as almost everyone suggests, is essential for a crispy base – the fat (I like dripping or lard; Smith's groundnut oil is deliberately bland, and Gayler's olive oil all wrong here) should be smoking, and the batter must sizzle as it hits it. Grigson coats the base of the tin with a thin layer of batter and bakes for 10 minutes "to set" before adding the remainder, along with the sausages, but I don't find it makes much of a difference. Batter first, sausages immediately afterwards seems to work best: sausage first, a la Delia, means the toad has a leaky bottom.
Gayler makes individual toad in the holes in a muffin tin. They look cute – and one of my testers argues passionately that they ensure a more equitable ratio of batter to sausage – but I find them soggy in the middle: there's just not enough room for both the batter and the sausage to live in peace.
The move to outsource was taken to expedite the various missions ISRO is working and it was finding too taxing the efforts to make everything in-house. “There is a gap between what we are capable of doing now versus what we are supposed to make. That gap we want to fill up with support from the industry… 16 to 17 satellites we have to make every year. So it is a really-really quantum jump and to fill that gap…, we thought the industry could come in,” M. Annadurai, Director of ISRO Satellite Centre in Bengaluru, had said.
Indonesia, Malaysia and Brunei have made claims to part of the Spratlys based on the internationally recognised Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), which extends 200 nautical miles from a country's coastline.
China has made extensive sovereignty claims on both the Spratlys and the Paracels to the north, based largely on historic claims outlined in a map from the middle part of the 20th Century known as the 'Nine Dash Map'.
Taiwan also makes claims based on the same map, as it was created by the nationalist Kuomintang government, which fled to Taiwan after the communists seized power in China.
Rich in resources and traversed by a quarter of global shipping, the South China Sea is the stage for several territorial disputes that threaten to escalate tensions in the region.At the heart of these disputes are a series of barren islands in two groups - the Spratly Islands, off the coast of the Philippines, and the Paracel Islands, off the coasts of Vietnam and China.Both chains are essentially uninhabitable, but are claimed by no fewer than seven countries, eager to gain control of the vast oil and gas fields below them, as well as some of the region's best fishing grounds.Indonesia, Malaysia and Brunei have made claims to part of the Spratlys based on the internationally recognised Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), which extends 200 nautical miles from a country's coastline.Based on the EEZ, the Philippines has the strongest claim on the Spratlys and their resources, with its EEZ covering much of the area.However the lure of resources, and prospect of exerting greater control over shipping in the region, means that greater powers are contesting the Philippines' claims.China has made extensive sovereignty claims on both the Spratlys and the Paracels to the north, based largely on historic claims outlined in a map from the middle part of the 20th Century known as the 'Nine Dash Map'.Taiwan also makes claims based on the same map, as it was created by the nationalist Kuomintang government, which fled to Taiwan after the communists seized power in China.Vietnam also claims the Spratlys and the Paracels as sovereign territory, extending Vietnam's EEZ across much of the region and bringing it into direct conflict with China.There have been deadly protests in Vietnam over China's decision to build an oil rig off the Paracels.One Chinese worker in Vietnam was killed and a dozen injured in riots targeting Chinese and Taiwanese owned factories, prompting 3,000 Chinese nationals to flee the country.EEZ can only be imposed based on boundaries of inhabitable land, and this has prompted all the countries making claims on the region to station personnel, and in some cases build military bases out of the water, to bolster their claim.Building and protecting these structures has resulted in a series of stand-offs between countries in the region, each with the potential to escalate.China has been leading the charge with these installations, and has deployed vessels to the region to protect their interests.Chinese coast guard vessels have used a water cannon on Vietnamese vessels, as well as blockading an island where the Philippines has deployed military personnel.
This official dismissal is echoed in the British foreign office's latest human rights report that does acknowledge persecution in Iraq but claims that "official figures do not show a significant overall increase in violence against, or systematic abuse of, the homosexual community by fundamentalists or militia groups". It makes no mention of allegations of state involvement and repeats claims by Iraq's human rights minister and the interior ministry that murders of LGBT people "will be prosecuted" (none have) and that "homosexuality is not a criminal offence in Iraq". Iraqi LGBT, however, has two documents from a judge ordering arrests of homosexuals in Babel province earlier this year; those arrested have disappeared.
I didn’t make too big a deal of it, because after all, it was an excellent source of entertainment throughout the trip.
Anyway, whoever we’re with, you can tell we get frustrated with our paddler at times for not keeping a satisfactory speed – hence the need for us to switch boats occasionally. For instance, I can count on Dad for good speed bursts (which however makes the kayak a little unstable for me), while Mum is good at a nice continuous stroke.
About 70 years ago, English novelist George Orwell wrote 1984, a controversial novel which visioned of a fictional dystopian place called Oceania where people had no real privacy. As Orwell described, residents of Oceania had two-way telescreens so that they may be watched or listened to by government authorities. The book was written way ahead of its time, and while it didn't make much sense back then, a lot of assumptions Orwell made in 1984 are coming true now.
This could be a major issue to many, as not all of us would be comfortable with the fact that all the conversations we have in front and around our TV set are being analyzed by someone. The company, however, assured that all the recording was done to make its voice recognition technology better.
“The cheering knew no bounds,” reported The Guardian. “He went as he had come, not with the other competitors, but alone. Behind him he left in the hearts of all spectators an imperishable impression – the impression of a solitary hero, to whom they would have liked to award the palm of victory, and for whom they made a scene of rare and remarkable enthusiasm.”
The first man to enter the Stadium was P. Dorando of Italy. Falling four times as he made the circuit of the track, he was helped along by friends, and reached the tape first. Hayes, who was about 80 yards behind Dorando, finished second and C. Hefferon, South Africa, was third. A protest against Dorando on the ground his having received help was upheld by the judges, who awarded the race to Hayes. Hayes did the distance in 2hrs. 55min. 18 2-5sec.
News of the start at Windsor came to swarms of Londoners as they took their way to Paddington and Baker-street Stations to catch the race on the outskirts. The Prince of Wales had fired the electric gun, and the Crown Prince of Sweden had started off the field of 55 runners, these including the Canadian Indian Longboat, whose entry had been so severely opposed. Duncan, the Salford Harrier, who was favourite for the cup, had got off easily, and the running was being made by Clarke and Lord. All the places on the route where the train touched were buzzing with people. The City must have been half empty, the City man and his clerk were here in their tens of thousands, and there were huge clusters of Americans and foreigners with flags to betray them. There were few Frenchman for the nation was not competing. The heat seemed to be getting worse after two o’clock, and it was felt that whatever might be done no records would be broken near the half way post .... A programme somewhat deficient in interest had been arranged to occupy the earlier part of the afternoon at the Stadium before the Marathon race was timed to finish. The crowd, estimated at 70,000 at least, bore it in great patience, and even raised a little interest in high diving and pole jumping. But it was evident that the idea of a thrilling finish to the great race had caught the popular imagination. The heat of the blazing summer day had brought colour to the tiers of seats surrounding the arena. On the sunny side were rows of sunshades of every conceivable hue, and one could not help contrasting the scene with that of last week, when a handful of spectators had herded together under dripping umbrellas. Now they waved fans improvised from newspapers, and seemed uncomfortably hot at that.
The Stadium looked full at three o’clock, with streams of people steadily pouring up the gangway and finding room somewhere. The earliest moment at which the Marathon winner could could be looked for was five, so for two hours the spectators had to make the best of what the programme offered. They had the pleasure of seeing the Americans carry off every single heat of the 110 metres hurdle race and cheered so heartily that it was plain they bore no malice...
At length rumour, with one wild swan song of inaccuracy, had done with us, and in tense and painful silence the onlookers awaited the arrival of the first men. The gangway was clear. It looked as though the winner had only to burst through, run round a section of the track, and burst the tape, a little exhausted, perhaps, at the foot of the Royal stand. It was, however, a very different thing that actually happened. Over the cycle track came a string of officials, who stood aside. Then a gaunt, bony figure struggled through. His head was bound up in a handkerchief. Through the glasses, one could see his face, half dreamy, half frantic. It was easy to see that the man was almost delirious. He staggered across the cement track and was pushed in the direction he was required to go. He had run so far he lifted his legs mechanically and as he lifted them friendly hands gave him a push, so that he made some progress. Dimly at the back of his mind he seemed to know that he was wanted to run, and he went through the necessary motions.
"I am not going to add a penny to the national debt," she vowed. "We're going to go where the money is. We're going to make the wealthy pay their fair share, and we're finally going to close those corporate loopholes."
Her promise to go after the very wealthy and crack down on Wall Street has drawn criticism from those who've noted she made millions of dollars giving closed-door speeches to top financial firms, including Goldman Sachs and Bank of America.
Some in the new National Government must now feel they have a mandate for some of the policies that failed to make traction in the last term.
Voters might think well of farmers now, but a move to change the Resource Management Act, for example, to make it easier for controversial water schemes, has to be carefully thought through.
City lawmakers are scheduled to vote Tuesday on an ordinance that, if passed, would make it illegal for anyone over the age of 5 to expose their genitals in public. Exemptions will be made for parades and festivals held under a city permit, according to the ordinance.
Paul Pierce took a shot back at Kidd, saying the coach needs to make better halftime adjustments. The Nets, who led by seven at the half, lost the third quarter 34-15 and have been outscored by a combined 96 points in the third quarters of their 10 losses.
“We got to understand teams aren’t going to play the same way they did in the first half as they did in the second half because teams make adjustments, especially when they are down,” Pierce said. “And we got to realize that and adjust with that.”
Other manual labor tasks carried out from the Tepochcalli would be community projects. These projects would mainly consist of cleaning areas, building walls, digging canals, and farming. From these projects students would work hard to complete tasks, and gain physical experience needed to engage in warfare. The students of this school would also be used to transport shields, food, military supplies, weapons, armor, and wood to warriors on the battlefield. The reason for forcing the students to be near the battlefield was to make them fearless of warfare. Students were under heavy surveillance at all times. If a student was caught leaving training their punishment would be severe. Often, they would be beaten and their hair removed. By removing their hair they would remove any sign of them being a warrior. Drinking pulque was prohibited; if caught, the student could be beaten to death. Relationships outside of the school were also prohibited; if a student was caught sleeping with a woman, they would be beaten to death.
The legislature officially prohibited both a state-operated exchange and Medicaid expansion under the ACA in 2013 with the passage of Senate Bill 4. The legislation put final say on changing Medicaid in control of the legislature, a provision that made it unlikely that Cooper’s recent push to expand Medicaid without legislative approval would succeed.
In December 2012, Boe was featured as a guest artist for the holiday concert series of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, Orchestra at Temple Square and Bells on Temple Square. The concerts also featured legendary broadcaster Tom Brokaw who narrated the story of Gail Halvorsen (who also made an appearance) and the candy bombers of the Second World War. Boe performed several Christmas favourites as well as 'Bring Him Home'. The live performances were recorded and released as Home for the Holidays feat. Alfie Boe.
Over the past few days, some heavy-hitters in conservative circles have made their choice clear: Republicans should keep Doug Elmendorf, the current CBO director. A guy appointed by Democrats.
While Mankiw and Viard stressed Elmendorf's integrity and impartiality (Mankiw called him a "superb economist"), Hennessey made the most pointed political argument for keeping Elmendorf in a Wednesday blog post:
Initial indications are Republicans may not heed this advice. Incoming House Budget Committee chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.) gets to make the call on the CBO director this year, with advice from the Senate Budget Committee chairman. Price has declined to comment. In a recent interview, one of two Republicans up for the Senate budget post, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), suggested that folks on his side of the Capitol, anyway, may be inclined to put their own stamp on the agency.
There is one clear lesson from Digg's sale: the technology that powered a once-massive social network is worth about $500,000. All the rest of the value derives from the people that use it. Though scaling is tough, any developer in the world can build some profiles and let people connect up. It's an act of genius -- or an act of God, by which I mean luck -- to design a site constitution that makes people want to build their online lives at your URL (or in your app). Social networking companies are not technology companies as much as they are community companies.
Authorities estimate Davidson made at least $3.5 million from spamming activities conducted by his company Power Promoters between 2003 and 2006. He'd been sentenced in April to 21 months in prison for tax evasion and falsifying e-mail headers on spam advertising low-cost high-risk penny stocks that he sent out on behalf of an unnamed Houston company. He'd also been ordered to pay $714,139 to the Internal Revenue Service.
He showed the correspondence between electrical circuits and Boolean operations in a simple chart: This correspondence allowed computer scientists to import decades of work in logic and mathematics by Boole and subsequent logicians. In the second half of his paper, Shannon showed how Boolean logic could be used to create a circuit for adding two binary digits. By stringing these adder circuits together, arbitrarily complex arithmetical operations could be constructed. These circuits would become the basic building blocks of what are now known as arithmetical logic units, a key component in modern computers. Another way to characterize Shannon’s achievement is that he was first to distinguish between the logical and the physical layer of computers. (This distinction has become so fundamental to computer science that it might seem surprising to modern readers how insightful it was at the time—a reminder of the adage that “the philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.”) Since Shannon’s paper, a vast amount of progress has been made on the physical layer of computers, including the invention of the transistor in 1947 by William Shockley and his colleagues at Bell Labs. Transistors are dramatically improved versions of Shannon’s electrical relays — the best known way to physically encode Boolean operations. Over the next 70 years, the semiconductor industry packed more and more transistors into smaller spaces. A 2016 iPhone has about 3.3 billion transistors, each one a “relay switch” like those pictured in Shannon’s diagrams.
The major innovation of Frege’s logic is that it much more accurately represented the logical structure of ordinary language. Among other things, Frege was the first to use quantifiers (“for every,” “there exists”) and to separate objects from predicates. He was also the first to develop what today are fundamental concepts in computer science like recursive functions and variables with scope and binding. Frege’s formal language — what he called his “concept-script” — is made up of meaningless symbols that are manipulated by well-defined rules. The language is only given meaning by an interpretation, which is specified separately (this distinction would later come to be called syntax versus semantics). This turned logic into what the eminent computer scientists Allan Newell and Herbert Simon called “the symbol game,” “played with meaningless tokens according to certain purely syntactic rules.” All meaning had been purged. One had a mechanical system about which various things could be proved. Thus progress was first made by walking away from all that seemed relevant to meaning and human symbols. As Bertrand Russell famously quipped: “Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.” An unexpected consequence of Frege’s work was the discovery of weaknesses in the foundations of mathematics. For example, Euclid’s Elements — considered the gold standard of logical rigor for thousands of years — turned out to be full of logical mistakes. Because Euclid used ordinary words like “line” and “point,” he — and centuries of readers — deceived themselves into making assumptions about sentences that contained those words. To give one relatively simple example, in ordinary usage, the word “line” implies that if you are given three distinct points on a line, one point must be between the other two. But when you define “line” using formal logic, it turns out “between-ness” also needs to be defined—something Euclid overlooked. Formal logic makes gaps like this easy to spot.
On the second front, mathematicians used logical concepts to rebuild classical mathematics. For example, Peano’s system for arithmetic starts with a simple function called the successor function which increases any number by one. He uses the successor function to recursively define addition, uses addition to recursively define multiplication, and so on, until all the operations of number theory are defined. He then uses those definitions, along with formal logic, to prove theorems about arithmetic. The historian Thomas Kuhn once observed that “in science, novelty emerges only with difficulty.” Logic in the era of Hilbert’s program was a tumultuous process of creation and destruction. One logician would build up an elaborate system and another would tear it down. The favored tool of destruction was the construction of self-referential, paradoxical statements that showed the axioms from which they were derived to be inconsistent. A simple form of this “liar’s paradox” is the sentence: This sentence is false. If it is true then it is false, and if it is false then it is true, leading to an endless loop of self-contradiction. Russell made the first notable use of the liar’s paradox in mathematical logic. He showed that Frege’s system allowed self-contradicting sets to be derived: Let R be the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. If R is not a member of itself, then its definition dictates that it must contain itself, and if it contains itself, then it contradicts its own definition as the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. This became known as Russell’s paradox and was seen as a serious flaw in Frege’s achievement. (Frege himself was shocked by this discovery. He replied to Russell: “Your discovery of the contradiction caused me the greatest surprise and, I would almost say, consternation, since it has shaken the basis on which I intended to build my arithmetic.”)
Russell and his colleague Alfred North Whitehead put forth the most ambitious attempt to complete Hilbert’s program with the Principia Mathematica, published in three volumes between 1910 and 1913. The Principia’s method was so detailed that it took over 300 pages to get to the proof that 1+1=2. Russell and Whitehead tried to resolve Frege’s paradox by introducing what they called type theory. The idea was to partition formal languages into multiple levels or types. Each level could make reference to levels below, but not to their own or higher levels. This resolved self-referential paradoxes by, in effect, banning self-reference. (This solution was not popular with logicians, but it did influence computer science — most modern computer languages have features inspired by type theory.) Self-referential paradoxes ultimately showed that Hilbert’s program could never be successful. The first blow came in 1931, when Gödel published his now famous incompleteness theorem, which proved that any consistent logical system powerful enough to encompass arithmetic must also contain statements that are true but cannot be proven to be true. (Gödel’s incompleteness theorem is one of the few logical results that has been broadly popularized, thanks to books like Gödel, Escher, Bach and The Emperor’s New Mind). The final blow came when Turing and Alonzo Church independently proved that no algorithm could exist that determined whether an arbitrary mathematical statement was true or false. (Church did this by inventing an entirely different system called the lambda calculus, which would later inspire computer languages like Lisp.) The answer to the decision problem was negative.
“It’s a step in the right direction, I believe,” Elmes told us. “I’ve always said, and made comments like, Coquitlam Metro-Ford Wolves, why are they not able to find some way to be in a challenging environment to be part of that? So they’ve opened it up [with a view] to the Canadian Premier League set up.
“Clearly they’ve made a statement here to suggest that PDL is not on the radar, at least not right now. Some people have actually said things to me like ‘oh it’s an American league’, and I’ve countered in about 1.2 milliseconds so are all the leagues of everybody.”
“It’s been interesting because clearly not many people have said anything publicly, but the comebacks privately have been very, very weak. The reality is unfortunately that there is a level of protectionist for a situation occurring here. The people that make these decisions want certain environments to thrive.”
The United Auto Workers made the complaints leading to the charges. The UAW has long sought to unionize the Canton plant, but workers haven’t petitioned for a vote, and union supporters have broadly aired claims that Nissan has intimidated workers. The company says its workers are free to unionize.
“It definitely plays to the weaker candidates’ benefit for a bunch of states to go load up and go during the period of time that’s proportional,” one Southern GOP strategist says. “It seems like the South could make a much bigger statement if it went on March 15.”
is a versatile warrior who can mix and match a defensive and offensive style as needed. The duelist is capable of using a variety of light armaments include blades, thrown weapons, shields, and lighter armors. The duelist relies on his superior speed and blade work to overwhelm his enemies in combat. The Bard hails from an ancient tradition of minstrel mystics who learned how to tap into the winds of magic through the rhythm and call of music. The Bard brings a versatile set of mystical abilities to bear, but must stop and weave the magic with her music, which can make her vulnerable at times. To protect herself and the group, the Bard can train in the combat-dance of light blades and bows.
hails from an ancient tradition of minstrel mystics who learned how to tap into the winds of magic through the rhythm and call of music. The Bard brings a versatile set of mystical abilities to bear, but must stop and weave the magic with her music, which can make her vulnerable at times. To protect herself and the group, the Bard can train in the combat-dance of light blades and bows. The Rogue is a swiftly moving shadow who strikes from a distance, using his superior range and deadly arrows to deal with threats. In order to infiltrate enemy positions, the rogue is both stealthy and capable of handling locks quietly.
In addition, if we are able to make this goal and on-board a new engine then all future Trese Brothers games will be developed using that engine and will have the same platform reach. Not only that, but the platforms we are evaluating also support more platforms such as HTML 5 for the web browser, and Windows, Mac OS, and Linux desktop. If we reach this stretch goal, we are not promising to hit these additional platforms, but the capabilities are just around the corner.
The Sorcerer’s magical talents focus on the crackling elemental powers of ice, air, and lightning to hinder his enemies or to empower his companions. When the Sedolla Bastions collapsed into a bloody civil war, one of the casualties of the war was an ancient mystical order which had made its home in Sedolla for ages. The sorcerers are the descendants of that long lost order, who draw their mystical teachings from the remnants of grimoires recovered from the disaster.
magical talents focus on the crackling elemental powers of ice, air, and lightning to hinder his enemies or to empower his companions. When the Sedolla Bastions collapsed into a bloody civil war, one of the casualties of the war was an ancient mystical order which had made its home in Sedolla for ages. The sorcerers are the descendants of that long lost order, who draw their mystical teachings from the remnants of grimoires recovered from the disaster. The Assassin strikes with a fatal combination of stealth and melee prowess. Trained for speed, aggressive combat, and stealth, she is perfect for sliding through, or picking apart, enemy defenses. While the assassin boasts deadly offensive capabilities, she lacks the constitution to stand up to punishment in combat.
It was in this dark hour that the Dhrogas, the ancient druids, led some of us out of the Lands to escape destruction. They led by instinct, by prophecy--not by knowledge. They led us down into the earth, into the great chasms wrought by the shattering. They led us here, to these hollows, vales and tunnels, causeways and ancient structures discovered under the earth. No one knows who created them, or for what purpose, but we have made them our own. Not even the Dhrogas know.
Trese Brothers is on a mission to make the best old-school RPGs for Android mobile devices. But we know we can’t build these games alone! We rely on you (our community) to help us develop the best games out there. How do we do that? Well, we listen on all the channels, we respond and we discuss. And often, you will see your suggestions or requests appearing in our games after a few more updates. We have built a small but excited community around this model and believe that Star Traders, Templar Assault, and Cyber Knights are some of the best (and still improving) games on the Android market because of your feedback!
Heroes of Steel will be built on the same model. A critical component of our strategy which allows us to truly listen to you is that we “release early and release often.” We will release Heroes of Steel to our alpha testers (see Rewards) as soon as it is playable and fun--way before it is finished. Heroes will make it to the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon) a short time later, with much of your alpha feedback incorporated within the game. Even then, we know Heroes will continue to evolve and improve. We will hammer it with updates from both our game design plan, and also from our active community suggestions until it is as rich, deep, complex and immersive as is possible on the Android platform. So, please help us fund Heroes of Steel and you’ll have the opportunity to join us on our forum, Facebook, and blog to lend a hand in building one of the best tactical RPGs on the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon). Our community-driven games give every contributor a chance to get involved!
KickStarter is a great way to grow our community of gamers who are excited about what Trese Brothers is doing. We are unique breed of game designer … we want to build games for you and with you. KickStarter funding allows you to get involved and help drive the game development, and in turn, your funding helps us invest the time and resources into making an amazing game. If we can fund the Heroes of Steel project, then it will open up the door so that we can create this game, and gather all the feedback from our alpha testers, and community so that we can be sure to make a game that you love.
Abu Anwar al-Canadi does not appear to be under duress in the video. CBC News does not know if he made the statement of his own free will.
‘Shortage of food’ is an understatement. Because of what we’re assuming was a serious lack of planning or an underestimate of attendees, the festival ran out of food on the very first day. After appealing to neighborhoods around the venue, members of the Monticello Jewish Community handed out sandwiches made out of 200 loaves, 40 pounds of meat & two gallons of pickles. Some attendees also resorted to drinking milk straight out of cows.
Luke, who used to be in an abusive relationship herself, said, “To open up and be honest about something like this makes us feel weak among our friends and family, but in actual fact there is nothing weak about it. Those who are abusive behind closed doors are the ones who are weak.”
"The [Muslim Brotherhood] must understand that their work in America is a kind of grand jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and "sabotaging" its miserable house by their hands and the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and Allah's religion is made victorious over all other religions."
CAIR filed a complaint with the Department of Transportation, and a separate civil suit in federal court on behalf of the imams against US Airways and the Metropolitan Airports Commission, citing civil rights violations. CAIR also sued the "John Does" who alerted the aircrew and authorities after becoming alarmed by the imam's behavior in the terminal and on the plane.[18] While the "John Doe" provision of a bill (designed to protect citizens who report possible terrorist-related behavior from being sued, and to protect officers acting in an official capacity to prevent terrorist attacks) was moving through Congress, CAIR persisted with its lawsuit, claiming the right to discover whether the complaints were actually made "in good faith" or if they were racially motivated.[19]
Associations with terrorists or terrorist groups are not evidence of a crime, but are valuable data points in evaluating the true nature of an incident. If there are nefarious or questionable associations or prior activities that could shed light on possible motivations for ambiguous acts, they should be made known as much as possible. For example, one of the six imams involved in the Minnesota airport case, Omar Shahin, raised money for the Holy Land Foundation and for the Illinois-based KindHearts Foundation, which the government shut down last year for alleged support of Hamas."[30]
Additionally, the media should be aware of the possibility that it is being used to further an Islamist agenda. Media cooperation and extensive coverage is a key element of successful acts of staged controversy. Historically, global political Islamist groups have skillfully manipulated the media as part of their effort to circulate their message.[31] Statements made by spokespeople representing Islamist groups are often taken at face value by the media, and past involvements and associations often go unmentioned. Just as it is for law enforcement, it is important for the media to consider incidents in the aggregate.
I have been thinking about retirement. Not because I am ready to retire but more as one who daydreams about her summer vacation. In my retirement scenario I am healthy and have plenty of money and time to indulge my desire to write, learn to make homemade pasta...in Italy or hike the Appalachian Trail at my leisure. These fanciful day trips to the future have made me aware of two things about myself and others.
My second retirement revelation is the desire to stop letting money dictate my choices. No, I am not independently wealthy and don't expect a huge windfall in my lifetime but I also don't want the race for the paycheck to be the only consideration for the choices I make as I age. I am saving money for a future that may look different than today. Kathy at smartliving365 shows how "right sizing" your life can save you real dollars and allows you more freedom to pursue other interests. I found her discussion meaningful because Kathy and her husband not only cut expenses but in the process of right sizing was able to align their life more closely to their values. It was a win-win all around.
What makes our extinctions different, however, is that we can learn from them. We can avoid having to lament species by learning how to take better care of habitats and ecosystems, how to use technology and back-crossing to induce greater genetic variation in small, endangered populations to give them a better chance of survival, and how to properly raise animals in captivity and then release them into the wild.
As San Antonio's new pro soccer team starts to grind through its inaugural United Soccer League season (San Antonio FC is undefeated through three games , by the way), the looming potential of Major League Soccer coming to town is the backdrop.Those big-league dreams got a little boost yesterday, when MLS Commissioner Don Garber officially confirmed that the league will expand to 28 teams at some point in the future.Although MLS' expansion to 28 teams had long been a widely accepted rumor, Garber's speech in Sacramento made the plan gospel. The league currently has 20 teams, and plans to add four more clubs by 2020 (in Minnesota, Miami, Atlanta and Los Angeles).San Antonio is scrambling to claim one of the four future slots, one of which may have already been claimed by Sacramento. During his speech yesterday, Garber said he "hopes and expects" California's capital to eventually land an MLS club, according toOther cities vying for a franchise include St. Louis, Phoenix, Nashville and Austin. MLS prefers sites with soccer-specific stadiums and proven soccer markets, both of which San Antonio boasts. Any city selected for MLS would have to pay an expansion fee, which could exceed $100 million.
Mr White said the Fed is now in a horrible quandary as it tries to extract itself from QE and right the ship again. "It is a debt trap. Things are so bad that there is no right answer. If they raise rates it'll be nasty. If they don't raise rates, it just makes matters worse," he said.
Have you ever thought about owning a piece of moon? Well, you cant! NASA has given many lunar samples to different nations, states and even individual politicians and celebrities. Those gifts were made on the understanding that any lunar material remains government property. It is job of NASA’s inspector general to arrest anyone trying to sell it.
Granny Davis obviously didnt know how to go about selling this space heirlooms so she contacted (who else) another NASA contractor to see if they could help her in the sale of these items. For some strange reason, instead of simply knocking on her door and taking the moon-rock away or even just telling her that she cant sell those rocks, big Government agency decided to make an example of this old lady.
Mary Frances Jones told the Victoria Advocate that the three police officers woke her up early in the morning on Dec. 22, 2013 over reports that a truck that she had purchased the day before had been seen driving in a local creek.
The company’s European division tweeted out the photo below, confirming that the boxes would contain digital download codes for the games; these can also be purchased separately.
This game is available for purchase exclusively on Nintendo eShop for Nintendo Switch.
Earlier research from Webster found that Missouri’s 2007 repeal of its handgun license law was associated with a 25 percent increase in its firearm homicide rates. For the Connecticut study, Webster and his colleagues used comparison states with homicide trends that most closely matched those in Connecticut before the law went into effect in order to predict what would have happened to homicide trends in Connecticut had the handgun licensing law not been implemented. “Taken together, these studies provide compelling evidence that permit to purchase licensing systems is one of the most effective policies we have to reduce gun violence,” Webster says.
Kick-off at Anfield is at 7.45pm BST; tickets for the Kop are available to purchase now, while the game will also be broadcast live on LFC TV and LFCTV GO from 7.15pm. Click here for details.
The bill would also provide a slew of tax breaks that will cost $12 billion over a decade, according to a preliminary estimate from the Joint Committee on Taxation. The breaks aim to encourage small businesses to purchase new equipment, to incentivize venture capital firms to invest in small businesses, and to motivate entrepreneurs to start their own business.
To qualify for the tax break, a small business needs to be a C corporation - sorry, LLCs and S-corps - with assets of less than $50 million. The investor must buy the stock at "original issue," meaning it's purchased directly from the company, and has to hold it for at least five years.
Bonus depreciation extension: Businesses can also opt to recover the cost of capital expenditures by writing off a bit of the cost of the purchase over a number of years, following a depreciation schedule.
Customers are contacted by presumed customer service representatives and told their accounts are delinquent and they must pay immediately over the phone or face service shutoff. They are instructed to purchase a Green Pack Money Card — a specific prepaid debit card — from a 7-Eleven or Rite Aid and then call back to pay the bill using the card.
VMware Workstation 11 and VMware Player 7 Pro will be available for purchase in December for $249.99 and $149.99 respectively. Upgrades from VMware Workstation 9.x and 10.x to Workstation 11 will be priced at $149.99 and upgrades from VMware Player 6 Plus to VMware Player 7 Pro will be priced at $79.99, at the time of availability.
Customers who purchase VMware Workstation 10 and VMware Player 6 Plus between October 2014 and December 2014 will receive a free electronic upgrade to VMware Workstation 11 and VMware Player 7 Pro respectively. For more details, visit the upgrade page.
By the 1980s, planning blight had affected the area and many of the houses had become home to a community of artists and squatters. Eventually, contractors were appointed to carry out the work and a compulsory purchase of property along the proposed route was undertaken. In March 1993, in preparation for the construction of the road, the Earl of Caithness, then the Minister of State for Transport, estimated that there would be 263 properties scheduled for demolition, displacing 550 people, of which he estimated 172 were seeking rehousing. Several original residents, who had in some cases lived in their homes all their lives, refused to sell or move out of their properties.
St. Charles Health System also purchased extra antidote for rattlesnake bites.
In July 2003, the studio DreamWorks negotiated a first look deal with producer Peyronnet,[30] after DreamWorks co-founder Steven Spielberg expressed interest in the project.[31] DreamWorks did not acquire the rights to the novel, and Ramsay was eventually detached from the project as, she says, FilmFour wanted a version more faithful to the novel.[29] In April 2004, producers Peter Jackson, Fran Walsh, and Philippa Boyens entered negotiations to develop the project.[32] Jackson described the book as "a wonderfully emotional and powerful story. Like all the best fantasy, it has a solid grounding in the real world."[33] By January 2005, Jackson and Walsh planned to independently purchase film rights and to seek studio financing after a script had been developed. The producers sought to begin adapting a spec script for The Lovely Bones in January 2006, with the goal of script completion and budget estimation by the following May.[34]
Their investigation was led by Detective Chief Inspector Gordon Mutch of the Greater Manchester Police (GMP), "astonishingly ... the only person ever charged with a criminal offence in connection with the Manchester bomb". The van's last registered owner told police that he had sold it to a dealer in Peterborough, who had in turn sold the van on to a man calling himself Tom Fox, two weeks before the bombing. After the purchase price was delivered in cash by a taxi driver, the dealer was instructed to take the van to a nearby lorry park, and leave it there with the keys and documents hidden inside.
The houses will have a rate comparable to rent for on-campus apartments and SAT Corp plans to accept student financial aid. Daniels said historically, larger and “more established” organizations will have a purchase option from their national charter. Chapters who maintain a 3.5 GPA will be offered a rental and lease discounts.
I have added about 20 more computers sitting in the racks and under the work benches now. I seem to be constantly purchasing more and more stuff… just can’t seem to pass up a good Craigslist deal. Just today I purchased 2 – Dell 22″ monitors (P2210t’s) for $60 each and a Dell 2007 Ultrasharp for $15 (which replaces the one we just sold today).
The Classic will be available beginning May 13 at T-Mobile.com and in participating T-Mobile stores beginning May 15 for $0 down, with equipment installment plan payments of $18.33 per month for 24 months. Customers can also purchase the Classic for $439.92 at full retail price.
"For the most part this is the same feel-good, do-nothing legislation that the New Jersey legislature is so fond of sponsoring," said Frank Fiamingo, president of the New Jersey Second Amendment Society. "As usual, the legislation targets the law-abiding gun owner who has purchased a gun legally and does not address the gangs and the career criminals who are committing the crimes."
Facebook has decided to turn over to congressional investigators copies of roughly 3,000 advertisements purchased by Russian-linked groups during the 2016 presidential campaign.
The social media company revealed earlier this month that Russian actors purchased $100,000 in political ads during the 2016 presidential campaign, but has remained tight-lipped about additional details.
The inquiry may include questions about the purchase of land and machinery for Al-Azizia, and the formation of its internal structure. NAB is also expected to ask for proof of purchase of machinery for the mill from Dubai.
Scaled Composites, wholly owned by Northrop Grumman since its purchase in 2007, formed a small team to build a suitable aircraft from the ground up.
The point of living with less, for me, is not about NOT buying things. It’s about prioritizing the purchase of things that truly matter to you and add to your life. For me, that shift began with ending my habit of buying things I didn’t need. Here are seven strategies I’ve used in that journey that you may wish to consider for your own growth.
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
The first documented introduction of the matchlock which became known as the tanegashima was through the Portuguese in 1543.[1] The tanegashima seems to have been based on snap matchlocks that were produced in the armory of Malacca in Portuguese Malacca, which was captured by the Portuguese in 1511.[3] The name tanegashima came from the island where a Chinese junk with Portuguese adventurers on board was driven to anchor by a storm. The lord of the Japanese island Tanegashima Tokitaka (1528–1579) purchased two matchlock muskets from the Portuguese and put a swordsmith to work in copying the matchlock barrel and firing mechanism. Within a few years the use of the tanegashima in battle forever changed the way war was fought in Japan.[4] From 1560, firearms were used in large battles in Japan.[5] In his memoirs published in 1614, the Portuguese adventurer turned author Fernão Mendes Pinto placed himself in that first landing party, although this claim has been roundly discredited and in fact contradicts his claims to be simultaneously in Burma at the time. However, Pinto does appear to have visited Tanegashima soon thereafter.[6]
Liu, who sometimes is dubbed the eccentric one, has a penchant for paying his purchases through American Express . He paid for the chicken cup by swiping his American Express card an individual 24 times and confirmed to the Wall Street Journal that he intended to settle payment for the thangka through American Express again.
Every officer and soldier shall appear at his respective muster-field on the day appointed, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, armed, equipped, and accoutred, as follows: . . . every non-commissioned officer and private with a good, clean musket carrying an ounce ball, and three feet eight inches long in the barrel, with a good bayonet and iron ramrod well fitted thereto, a cartridge box properly made, to contain and secure twenty cartridges fitted to his musket, a good knapsack and canteen, and moreover, each non-commissioned officer and private shall have at every muster one pound of good [p182] powder, and four pounds of lead, including twenty blind cartridges, and each serjeant shall have a pair of moulds fit to cast balls for their respective companies, to be purchased by the commanding officer out of the monies arising on delinquencies. Provided, That the militia of the counties westward of the Blue Ridge, and the counties below adjoining thereto, shall not be obliged to be armed with muskets, but may have good rifles with proper accoutrements, in lieu thereof. And every of the said officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, shall constantly keep the aforesaid arms, accoutrements, and ammunition ready to be produced whenever called for by his commanding officer. If any private shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the court hereafter to be appointed for trying delinquencies under this act that he is so poor that he cannot purchase the arms herein required, such court shall cause them to be purchased out of the money arising from delinquents.
A federal bankruptcy judge approved Thursday a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that will allow AT&T and DirecTV to purchase Comcast SportsNet Houston and relaunch it in November as Root Sports Houston.
The Huawei P9 is powered by a robust and non-removable 3,000 mAh battery. The P9 has rapid charging support and is able to provide about 40 percent of power in just 30 minutes of plug time using 9V/2A charger. Unfortunately, the handset comes with a regular 5V/2A charging unit, so those who want fast charging will have to purchase the 9V charger separately.
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
Update your application. Prepare your app for this “holiday” and offer your users an unforgettable experience. Let images and layouts to tell the story of this event and don’t forget that your app should fit perfectly for all types of devices. Don’t wait for the big day to arrive. Start now to change your app’s interface as a promise of professionalism to your users and allow them to imagine what will happen for Black Friday. Keep in mind that mobile purchases are expected to hit 20 billion in the next period, as Apptentive NO errors. It is great to change colors and images for this period but, this effort means nothing if your app will crush in that specific day. The time is limited and it is unacceptable to let users struggle to make their purchases or to view your offers. Should I say more? Test your app 100 times if need it to be sure that everything will go as planned. Implement easy payment methods. All what users want in that day is to complete as fast as possible a transaction and to move on to the next one. If they need to remember their card number and all the personal information they will abandon the shopping cart in an instance. Allow people to use any fast payment services like Apple Pay or Android Pay and everything will go faster. Messaging is the key. Use in – app messages and push notifications to announce your users about the improvements you made to your app and about the promotions for this occasion. It’s useless to make the best offers if nobody knows about them. Use deep linking. If you spread the word about the huge advantage of using your app during Black Friday, be sure that users won’t get lost inside your app in that rush and allow them to land on the same page where they can find the promotion they are looking for. Take advantages of mobile moments. This is the perfect period of the year not only for increasing your revenue, but for user acquisition and especially for user retention. Focus on attracting your customers offering an amazing experience overall and they will come back to your app after the Black Friday, too.
In its drive to acquire natural resources, China has been pursuing offshore oil exploration contracts in the politically unstable nation of SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe. In 2009, Chinese petroleum corporation Sinopec acquired Swiss company Addax which gave Beijing control over four oil blocs in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe-Nigeria joint development zone. The Sinopec purchase in the Gulf of Guinea made China the leading player in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe oil sector. Whether the islands will actually take off as a major oil producer is still unclear, though drilling is under way and commercial production is expected to begin within a few years.
A limited amount of season tickets are still available to purchase beginning at only $150. Call 1-800-GO-CANES.
Additional options and features will be available for an extra charge and once the yearly subscription has expired, users will be required to purchase a new one to access VSpace 10.
As a result of the referendum on the status of Crimea held on March 16, 2014, when the majority of the Crimean population voted for integration of the region into the Russian Federation, the local residents are reported to have started experiencing difficulties accessing essential services, including banking. Michael Chobanian, head of the Ukrainian bitcoin agency KUNA, sees the de-facto separation of Crimea from Ukraine the main reason why the Crimeans started to actively use BTC to purchase goods and items on the Internet.
“Seems unrealistic for busy people. That is why my colleagues from Sevastopol and Simferopol switched to Bitcoin payments; they purchase BTC with rubles and then pay for whatever they need with Bitcoin” – Chobanian sums up.
OTOY is just one of a number of existing non-blockchain-focused companies that are issuing tokens to launch decentralized networks in their industry. The first to announce such an initiative was Kik messenger app, which recently raised $98 million but fell short of its goal of $125 million. Despite having 15 million monthly active users a month, only 10,000 people purchased tokens for its proposed token-based network for digital communication. While OTOY has an impressive roster of advisors, including Eric Schmidt, the chairman and former CEO of Google, and Brendan Eich, the cofounder and former CEO of Mozilla and CEO of Brave software, which launched the Basic Attention Token, plus big-name clients such as Facebook and Unity, it remains to be proven that an established company can successfully create a token-based network that also attracts its competitors and users outside its base and is therefore truly decentralized.
The Harper government put its purchase of 65 F-35s on hold after being accused by the auditor general of fudging the price tag and not doing sufficient research, and plans to extend the life of the CF-18s to 2025.
Amp Up NYC provides the schools with some equipment, but Wong says she has kept up with student demand by asking for donations to purchase extra guitars, amps, strings, picks, and tuners on fundraising websites.
Throughout the year, as more information comes out about bank misconduct before and after the financial crisis, public perception of the financial sector remains poor. Whether it's the $25 billion settlement of so-called "Robo-Signing" practices; revelations of the failure of Bank of America to disclose losses at Merrill Lynch when it asked its shareholders to approve purchase of the investment bank; the billions in trading losses at JP Morgan Chase; or the recent settlements of mortgage discrimination suits against Wells Fargo, Countrywide Financial Corporation and SunTrust Mortgage, the public receives constant reminders that our financial institutions have engaged in, and apparently continue to engage in, some very risky, and, at times, illegal, behavior.
The online exams are also a drain on resources, requiring technology purchases and staff to deal with technical issues on test day.
Most services provided by PPFA are significantly more expensive when purchased from the private sector.
[Context about Cydia: Unlike the App Store, which is a centralized system, Cydia itself does not host/distribute packages - instead, Cydia is a way to browse and install packages from repositories. By default, Cydia comes with a list of good repositories (independently-owned but work closely with the makers of Cydia) - so if you want to distribute a package to the general audience of Cydia users, submitting it to a default repository is a good plan. If you use a default repository and want to sell your package, you can choose to use the Cydia Store system so that people have a simple way to purchase it. You can also choose to run your own repository (see Repository Management) and ask interested users to type your repository address into Cydia to get your package.]
More than 2,000 clients are registered to purchase mail-order cannabis from Delta 9, Arbuthnot said.
As of June 30, there were 201,398 medical cannabis clients registered with Health Canada, including 3,598 in Manitoba. Some clients are registered to purchase from more than one licensed producer, and registered clients may sign up with any licensed producer in any province.
Registering with Health Canada and signing up to purchase cannabis from licensed producers requires a recipient to get a medical document from a physician.
Another key reason to listen on social is to find influencers and experts in your field. Nearly 40 percent of Twitter users say they’ve made a purchase as a direct result of a tweet from an influencer, and 49 percent say they rely on influencers when looking for product recommendations.
According to Wyzowl’s State of Video Marketing 2017 report, 79 percent of consumers would rather watch a video to learn about a product than read text on a page—and 84 percent of consumers have been convinced to make a purchase after watching a brand’s video. You might tweet out videos your organization has created, retweet relevant video content your audience would find valuable, or explore ways to share real-time video on Twitter.
At 9.30pm on Tuesday March 10th 1987 Daniel Morgan’s body was discovered next to his BMW in the parking lot of the Golden Lion pub. An axe, wrapped in Elastoplasts to obscure fingerprints, was protruding at a right angle from his face, his pockets torn open, with notes he had been seen writing missing, but with his wallet and watch still on his body, and he was still holding the two packets of crisps purchased inside the pub.
Toontown Online was specifically designed to encourage players to be social and varied in their activities. They had to farm jellybeans from minigames to purchase gags for combat, and to play those minigames and progress in fights, they needed friends.
Jurors listened in disbelief as testimony showed it was the sheriff’s money that purchased the bomb parts, and an undercover officer who drove Saville around to buy the parts. They also heard how the sheriff and his top lieutenants had sat inside The Ro-man Table for more than two hours, waiting for the “bomber” to show up. They heard how the media had been alerted that morning that a bust was coming down, and how a television cameraman had waited in the bushes until around 3 p.m. And they learned that Jimmy Saville had been sitting in jail for four long years since then, waiting for his day in court, because the sheriff’s office had dragged its feet in producing evidence, dribbling out one report, one tape, one transcript at a time.
On the phone front, everything from the iPhone 4S onwards – yes, that includes your recently purchased iPhone 6, don't worry – will be offered iOS 9 in some capacity, while all but the original iPad will make the move on the tablet side.
“But it’s hard to enforce that law when as many as 40 percent of all gun purchases are conducted without a background check.”
In other words, rather than being 30 to 40 percent (the original estimate of the range) or “up to 40 percent” (Obama’s words), gun purchases without background checks amounted to 14 to 22 percent. And since the survey sample is so small, that means the results have a survey caveat: plus or minus six percentage points.
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
IBM Corp. IBM, +0.20% on Wednesday confirmed the purchase of The Weather Company, which includes the Weather Channel and its related technology platforms and sensors, to enhance its cloud ecosystem. Terms of the deal, including the price, were not disclosed, but IBM said the purchase adds to the $3 billion investment IBM committed earlier this year to build out products and services in the Internet of Things. The Weather Company's cloud-based services handle 26 billion inquiries each day through its mobile app and website, according to IBM. In addition to the increased cloud-servicing capacity, the company plans to use the data provided by The Weather Company's sensors to boost its analytics offerings for business clients. Shares of IBM rose 1.3% to $139.70 in recent trade. They are down nearly 13% over the last three months, underperforming the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which is flat.
The news that Al Gore is suing Al Jazeera America for millions of dollars owed him from the purchase of his Current TV network rocked the media world last week. After all, who knew Al Jazeera America still existed?
"By at least July 2014, Jesenik and Oliver knew that redemptions and interest payments to prior investors were being paid primarily from new investor money in a Ponzi-like fashion, and that very little investor money was being used to purchase trade receivables," the SEC alleges.
Prices for food and other consumer goods in Iceland are more than 70% higher than US equivalents. Gasoline prices are among the highest in Europe. Price comparison is something of a national obsession. Neytandinn, an app that lets users compare consumer purchase receipts, is the number one app in Iceland for both Android and iOS, a local news site reported. Users jumped by one-third in the days after Costco opened.
Instant City Life and Death in Karachi by Steve Inskeep Hardcover, 284 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
The video is well worth watching if you have six minutes to spare, but here’s a summary of the case: In 2010, the Cuyahoga County Recorder’s Office made a change to its pricing policy for copies of county records, such as real estate title documents. Instead of the public being able to purchase digital copies of the records for $50 per CD, the Recorder’s Office announced that requestors would have to pay $2 per page for printed-out, hard copies of the documents. Digital copies would no longer be made available. All of these documents, it should be noted, were being stored digitally by the Recorder’s Office. To justify this price, the Recorder’s Office claimed that the digitally stored versions of the documents were not legally considered public records—if they were, by law, they would need to be provided to the public “at cost.”
Nagaimo tubers were purchased from a local Japanese supermarket. The skin of nagaimo tubers was peeled off. Then the flesh was cut into small pieces of dimensions around 0.5 cm×0.5 cm. One hundred grams of the slices of nagaimo were soaked in 600 ml 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6), and then homogenized in a Waring blender. The slurry was centrifuged at 30000 g, 4°C for 25 minutes. The supernatant was filtered using filter paper to yield the crude extract. Tris-HCl buffer (10 mM, pH 7.6) was added to the crude extract to adjust the volume to 1 L before loading onto an 18 cm×5 cm Q-Sepharose (GE Healthcare) column pre-equilibrated with 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6). Unadsorbed materials were eluted with the starting buffer and discarded. Adsorbed materials were eluted with 1 M NaCl in 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6). The fraction containing adsorbed materials was dialyzed extensively against double distilled water at 4°C, and lyophilized into powder form.
“So, you’re hoping that your fast bowlers will get a bit of purchase on this surface and you’ll get a couple of early wickets?"
Zaheer Khan might have been overexcited, and conceded 15 runs in the opening over; the two wickets that Ganguly was hoping for due to the purchase off the wicket never came until the 20th over, when the Aussies were comfortable at 125/2; two formidable batsmen, in the form of Ponting and Martyn, familiar with the art of setting a target, stitched together a massive partnership.
Assuming this report is accurate, we at Ars figured this was a matter of when, not if. In August, Peter Bright wrote about the infrastructure YouTube already has in place to support hobbyists' live video streaming, not to mention Google's ability to purchase exclusive streaming rights to all kinds of e-sports events. Bright also pointed to Twitch's uneven video-archive support—a fact that has kept a lot of high-earning streamers attached to YouTube, meaning they wouldn't have to walk very far to switch teams.
Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)
The New York Times' Howard Beck, on his way from Los Angeles to Oklahoma City to cover Monday's Game 5 between the Lakers and Thunder, uncovered this rather shady T-shirt design on Sunday. The Thunder aren't exactly giving these rags out at the door, but that didn't stop our initial post on the T-shirts on Monday morning from inspiring a world of outrage on Twitter, and apparent death threats sent the way of Warpaint Clothing, the company that humorlessly put the duds together -- utilizing the former Seattle SuperSonics logo along the way. Rightfully, just one Thunder fan deciding to purchase this and pull it over their head is enough for us to break out the Patented BDL Tsk-Tsk Geiger Counter -- and as a result Warpaint has decided to stop selling the shirts because of death threats sent its way in reaction.
A fter reading year after year about how many billions of dollars of IBM stock were purchased by IBM using the hard-earned dollars of those customers ($14 billion in 2013, and $140 billion since 2000), you think that those customers, who weren’t thanked by IBM in that letter or on its earnings calls , don’t wonder how Amazon—purveyor of the very kind of cloud offering that is allowing companies young and old to get online without all that expensive, high margin stuff IBM pushes—speaks to its shareholders?
Good, long-time friends Don and Lisa had threatened to come all the way from Llano Texas to visit Diane and me in Taylor. Don mentioned that he might need to purchase some components I have and we made the arrangements for that to happen, with lunch at Applebee’s a precursor to those sale negotiations.
The Brand-New DTRAC team purchased all the patents, rights, moulds, manufacturing processes, etc. from the first DTRAC team and improved the product inside out. You can call it ALL NEW DTRAC. The only thing that we kept from the v1 is the concept & color. We are actually re-considering the color. If you have a great suggestion in color, please email us here: hello@DTRAC.ca
Exclusion practices – dubbed “gatekeeping” – include: advising parents to send their child to another school that could better support them; allowing a child to attend a school only on the days that funding is available; and asking parents to pay more so the school can employ support staff or purchase equipment.
Other practices include pressuring parents to accept a place in a separate support class or special school, or requesting parents to pay an additional “contribution” to enable the school to employ support staff or purchase equipment.
Sexton – vice president of marketing and planning for Trott & Trott, PC, a real estate law firm in Metro Detroit – will portray Callahan, the pompous and scheming head of the law firm that hires Elle Woods as a summer intern. The 2007 Tony-nominated musical is based on the 2001 Reese Witherspoon film from MGM. Callahan was played by Victor Garber in the movie. The Farmington Players’ production opens April 26 and runs through May 18. Tickets can be purchased at www.farmingtonplayers.org or by calling (248) 553-2955.
William B. Ogden was born in Walton, New York in 1805. He was orphaned young and took over his late father’s real estate business at just 14 years old. When he was sent in 1835 to oversee a purchase in the burgeoning town of Chicago and saw his investment tripled, Ogden’s real estate antennae twitched. He left the seat he had just won in the New York state legislature to put down stakes in Chicago.
But Ogden was ultimately a businessman, and he did have a ruthless side. He mercilessly evicted tenants from his land purchases and used the Illinois-Michigan Canal to dispose of harmful waste from his own properties. You didn’t think Chicago’s first mayor was all sweetness and light, did you?
The Disgaea 4 append disc will retail for 4,179 yen ($53) and it can only be purchased if you pre-order it by July 24. The scenario alone will cost 2,000 yen ($25) as a digital download. The append disc, downloadable scenario, and a new version of Disgaea 4 with the Fuka & Desco episode built in will be available in Japan on October 27.
The video purports to show Bermudez collapse after being shot. The assassin simply turns around and runs away thereafter. Another man in dark pants and a white shirt appears to run alongside the assassin. Bermudez had been jogging without any security escort at the time of his murder. The video does not reveal the type of pistol used by the assassin. Unlike the United States, the purchase of weapons is controlled by the Mexican Army. Currently, Mexican citizens can only purchase hunting weapons such as bolt-action rifles, pump shotguns and .22 caliber pistols. Only criminals, military, and police forces carry weapons in Mexico.
Price has said the stocks were purchased through a broker and that he did not know which stocks he owned.
"Because the agreement that we have is that she'd provide a diversified portfolio, which is exactly what virtually every one of you have in your investment opportunities, and make certain that in order to protect one's assets, that there's a diversified arrangement for purchase of stocks," Price said. "I knew nothing about those purchases."
His successor, Nicolas Berggruen, acquired the Karstadt business in 2010, for a symbolic €1. While Karstadt suffered losses every year, Berggruen collected €7.5 million annually for the Karstadt name rights alone, which he purchased for a single payment of €5 million.
Their promises to registrants also kept changing over time. Pablo Escobar never owned an island in the Bahamas, and even if he had, the festival was located on an abandoned development site on a public beach near a Sandals resort. In an early pitch deck obtained by Vanity Fair, McFarland’s team claimed the festival had been given $8.4 million in land on Black Point in Exuma “in exchange for hosting the festival and promoting the island.” Though sources say McFarland and 24-year-old Margolin did look into buying a private island in December after the first wave of ticket purchases came in, they abandoned the plan because the location had no electricity, no water, and no space for more than a thousand or so revelers.
“Would you prefer to exchange your 2017 ticket(s) for additional 2018 VIP passes, as opposed to receiving a refund? (Ex: If you purchased 3 passes for 2017, you would receive 6 total 2018 VIP passes),” the form asks. “We have received support and commitments from several musicians to perform at next year’s event. We would be so thankful to have your support as well.”
"We can now say, you had 100 people come to this product, but no one purchased it," Biggar said. "From there, we can help a retailer narrow down what's going wrong."
Dyer testified that later that evening when the crew reached Fontanelle, Iowa, Sawyer purchased a newspaper and went off by himself to read it. The newspaper carried a front page account of the Villisca murders and, according to Dyer, Sawyer "was much interested in it." Dyer's crew complained that Sawyer slept with his clothes on and was anxious to be by himself. They were also uneasy that Sawyer slept with his axe next to him; he often talked of the Villisca murders and whether or not a killer had been apprehended.
The group, Tripping Up Trump, says it purchased the land and named it "The Bunker," after the sand trap that many golfers end up in.
Instead of buying, boosting, or starting mainstream media outlets, the primary response of conservatives to counter perceived bias against them in the press has been to purchase television, radio, and direct mail advertising. This has primarily been at the behest of failed political consultants who tell candidates and interest groups that they can get the perfect “messaging” which will be able to magically neutralize months of negative press and also cancel out the themes being put out by the opposition.
According to the CRNC report, 40 percent of respondents said they used some form of digital video recorder like TiVo to watch television. A 2013 study by DVR manufacturer Motorola found that 74 percent of American DVR users say they purchased their devices in order to fast-forward commercials. Needless to say, people who want to pay money for the ability to skip commercials are not interested in watching them.
Of 40 different advertisements studied, 15 of them actually made poll respondents less likely to purchase the product or service being hawked. By contrast, only 13 companies saw an increase in persuasion. The rest saw no significant effect of any kind. That means that 68 percent of Super Bowl advertisements either hurt the brand paying for it or do nothing at all to help it.
This tactic would be considered madness if it were applied to any other form of human activity: Coke does not purchase advertising on Pepsi bottles, Harvard does not give endowment grants to Yale, and Ford does not seek to help defray the costs of Toyota customers. Anyone touting the advantages of such ideas would immediately be dismissed as insane and rightly so.
Cut netting to desired dimensions. I cut the curtain panel I purchased into 4. The final measurement was 68″ x 60″ .
Brighten your holidays with Lightwire Theater’s A Very Electric Christmas! Audiences of all ages will treasure this magical and captivating tale of family, friendship and hope set to timeless holiday hits including Nat King Cole, Mariah Carey and Tchaikovsky. Ticket prices: $10 / $13. To purchase tickets in groups of 10 or more (and secure a group discount rate), call 508-997-5664 x123 or email dlegge@zeiterion.org.
Nebraska Caravan Theatre’s celebrated adaptation of Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol is an ensemble musical that thrills Zeiterion patrons year after year. Woven throughout this classic tale are beautiful arrangements and moving renditions of holiday songs such as, “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,” “Greensleeves,” and many more. Featuring a cast of 23 performers, live musicians, and Broadway-style scenery and costumes, audiences cherish this sumptuous holiday classic. Tickets: $19/ $27/ $37. To purchase tickets in groups of 10 or more (and secure a group discount rate), call 508-997-5664 x123 or email dlegge@zeiterion.org.
Maine also refused to approve another Shelton product: Santa’s Butt Winter Porter, one of a series of irreverent yuletide beers from the Ridgeway Brewing in Oxfordshire, England. The label portrays Santa squatting on an immense barrel of beer, holding his nice-and-naughty list in his left hand and a foaming mug in his right. The name, notes Dan Shelton, is a pun: “butt” can mean one’s posterior or a barrel containing 108 gallons. “That was the one that caused the real stir,” Shelton says. Maine authorities objected because the image of Santa might appeal to children. “We said that made no sense. A 5- or 6-year-old is not going to be able to purchase a bottle of beer.”
I eased my way in at first. I went to my local drugstore and purchased a package of Softcups. Softcups are disposable menstrual cups that last throughout your period but are discarded afterward. After one cycle, I was in love with the concept so much that I ditched the throw-away cups and bought my first reusable menstrual cup. There are a variety of brands such as The Lily Cup, The Diva Cup, Lunette, Lena Cup, MeLuna, and Mooncup to choose from, each one unique in its shape, size, and firmness. I opted for the Lena Cup.
Johnson Development Corp. purchased the property as nuded pastures with the early intention of "doing something that was green and sustainable," says Matthew Baumgarten, SWA's lead landscape architect on the project.
Some companies may not be interested in deal making. Apple, which has the largest overseas cash load, is historically not a big acquirer; its largest purchase was its $3 billion deal for Beats Music and Beats Electronics in 2014. Microsoft, with the second-largest cash hoard, will most likely still be digesting its $26 billion acquisition of LinkedIn, announced in June.
“They think about how long a minimum wage salary lasts when there is rent and school tuitions to pay. And what about the transportation, the uniforms, the supplies? They haven’t yet purchased medicines, nor paid for the electricity, the water, the phone, the clothes, the food. (…) I see the scene and wonder how it is possible to be so indolent. How can the leaders play with the food of a whole population? We will see if they will be able to stop the anger that follows the hunger—a brutal thing, like these endless lines.“
With this new law in place, an estimated 10.2 million Latinos will have the opportunity to purchase affordable health coverage.
The Chicago Architecture Biennale installation, entitled The Tropical Mining Station, set out to further explore the implications of blockchain technology and smart contracts on the practice of architecture. The installation captured surplus energy, heat and air from custom-designed Ethereum mining computers, purchased with the funds from the block sale, to create a pneumatic space. These “miners,” which secure the network by solving complex mathematical questions consume an enormous amount of electricity to run at full speed—the installation itself sought to address the spatial effects of heat produced by these computers. It spatialized the decentralized Ethereum network within a single, local space. To build on the community of Foamspace formed in New York, an all day symposium, The Art of Economy, was hosted. The day was organized into two panels: Spatial Politics of the Blockchain and Decentralized Labor Practices and Distributed Production Networks.
Users do not need to register to use the internet, nor are there restrictions placed on anonymous communications. The same cannot be said of mobile phone users, as verified identification information is required to purchase any prepaid mobile service. Additional personal information must be provided to the service provider before a phone may be activated. All purchase information is stored while the service remains activated, and it may be accessed by law enforcement and emergency agencies provided there is a valid warrant.[60]
Initial purchase of cleaner running buses could come in next few years
TriMet may add a new, more environmentally friendly type of bus to its fleet that’s different from a hybrid – it would run off compressed natural gas (CNG). Next week, the TriMet Board will consider a resolution authorizing a multi-year bus purchase contract that includes the option to buy up to 120 40-foot CNG buses. The new contract is part of TriMet General Manager Neil McFarlane’s accelerated bus purchase program and would provide for future-year bus deliveries in 2015 through 2019.
Despite the higher initial purchase costs – the agency pays close to $420,000 for a diesel bus now, and a CNG bus would cost roughly $55,000 more – CNG buses offer the potential to save money in the long run. Natural gas is currently 30 percent less expensive than diesel. Lower and more stable fuel prices mean that their initial expense could be recovered within the first few years of operation. However, CNG buses have somewhat lower fuel economy (10-20%) and higher maintenance costs (10-15%) than diesel buses, which would offset some of the fuel cost savings.
Bus purchases under the proposed contract will be funded from a combination of federal and state grants, available operating resources and bond proceeds. The funding mix for each bus order will vary and be part of the budget process for that year.
Bus purchase background
The agency delayed new bus purchases for a few years due to the recession. However, in 2012 McFarlane accelerated the bus replacement schedule to address TriMet’s aging bus fleet that had become more expensive to maintain and less reliable. Some buses in the fleet are more than 18 years old.
In 2012 the agency purchased 51 diesel and 4 new hybrid buses. This year the agency purchased 70 40-foot diesel buses, the largest order in the accelerated bus purchase. During the next three years, TriMet will add another 184 buses. By 2016, the average age of our fleet will be the industry-recommended standard of eight years. By 2017, TriMet will have replaced all of the remaining high-floor buses (those with steps at the door) in the fleet.
According to Gordon-Webley, even in cases where established companies purchase the $500 pass from the NSWMA to take their garbage to the landfill, some drivers leave the truckloads of rubbish at the illegal dumps and sell the tickets.
The New York Times is reporting that Tyson has been successful in its hostile-takeover bid for Hillshire Brands. Measured in dollars, the $6.1 billion purchase is the largest consolidation in the industry ever — though other mergers have meant more when measured in terms of impact on farmers and consumers.
Absent sufficient interest from other official holders to purchase gold directly from the Fund, phased on-market sales would represent the most appropriate modality for potential gold sales. This would follow the approach adopted successfully over a number of years by current Central Bank Gold Agreement participants.
In 2007, a month after the City Council approved the $800,000 purchase of a building in the 5800 block of International Boulevard that it wanted as a teen center, Brooks sent an e-mail to staff asking, “When can I have the keys?” according to a 2013 grand jury report on the project.
The 23-year-old man reported that he had made arrangements online through Facebook to purchase a cell phone from a woman and that when he arrived to meet her at the intersection of Leland and Spaulding avenues, two men approached him and one of the men pointed a semi-automatic handgun at him and took $450 in cash, police said.
Though the increased government oversight may leave our wallets a little lighter around April, this is a necessary step towards mass adoption. Despite early adopters actively opposing any sort of government involvement, with many initially participating in the crypto movement to give a concerted middle finger to traditional governmental and financial systems, most mainstream and institutional investors do not share that sentiment. They are unwilling to purchase an asset if there is a chance that the legality of the very asset class itself may be suddenly challenged or changed, causing the value to tank overnight. A parallel can be seen in the marijuana business, which struggled (and still struggles) to obtain institutional backing. Remember, mass adoption is key to long term price growth and sustainability, with regulation being a necessary evil to attain that end.
But clean air advocates, environmentalists, utilities and the auto industry remain strong supporters of the fuel standard, and say it’s time for the oil industry to step up and do its part. They note that utilities such as PG&E are well on their way to meeting a state mandate to purchase 33 percent of their electricity from renewable sources by 2020, while automakers have invested billions to meet tough new fuel efficiency requirements and produce electric cars.
CBS News' Jeff Pegues reports that law enforcement sources say Flanagan purchased two glock pistols legally on July 10 from a gun store in Roanoke. Investigators have been to the store.
Stock Car Brasil driver Júlio Campos and businessman Edson Casagrande purchased the cars of Gramacho team and created a new team called the C2 Team. The team also switched manufacturers from Peugeot to Chevrolet.
Theses sunglasses are made from plastic and will most likely break after a while, so you may want to purchase a higher quality pair of bottle opener sunglasses such as these that are made out of Titanium, which a meteor could smash into with the power of a thousand suns and they would still not even be scratched.
But we all know you are a cheap bastard and will just purchase the plastic pair. The sunglasses bottle opener has a plastic frame, with plastic lenses, and measures 6.2 inches x 2.6 inches x 1.2 inches.
On Dec. 18, the Fed announced that in January it would start tapering its purchases of treasury bonds and mortgage-related securities by $10 billion a month, down from $85 to $75 billion per month. It also hinted that it would keep on tapering, possibly at a rate of $10 billion per meeting of the Federal Open Markets Operations Committee. The Fed also said that interest rates are unlikely to increase before the unemployment rate declines below 6.5%.
Unless you believe in Voodoo, you will want to identify the means through which quantitative easing transmitted its possibly beneficial impact to Main Street. We can think of two ways. One is increased availability of credit. The other is lower long-term interest rates. Common sense and economic theory suggest that the two are linked. Larger amounts of credit lead to lower interest rates and lower rates lead to larger amounts of credit. On this basis, we should look only to one of the two variables. Yet, Fed distinguished between the two in its rhetoric, even if the open market operations are based on the supposition that they are linked as the Fed buys credit instruments to lower interest rates. The reason for this distinction seems to be that the Fed controls the short-term interest rates, not the long-term ones, through its conventional open market operations. When the crisis exploded, the Fed was able to lower the short-term rates to practically zero, but the long-term ones remained aloft. Quantitative easing increased the purchases well beyond what was needed to keep the short-term rates close to zero. It also aimed at reducing the long-term rates by purchasing long-term instruments in the market, including agency mortgage-backed securities ($600 billion between 2008 and 2009 and $40 billion per month since September 2012.)
Dean Foods is the largest producer of dairy products in the entire country, and it’s understandable that many people were avoiding Silk because they didn’t want to support Dean Foods. I still purchased Silk products, and wrote a post on why, which you can read HERE. But for those of you who were holding out, rest assured, Silk is now owned by Whitewave Foods, a separate, publicly owned company – and it’s for the best!
Programmatic, along with digital video, is the fastest growing digital ad format today. Fully 63 percent of digital display ads will be purchased programmatically this year, according to one estimate. That’s almost $15 billion worth in the U.S., with retail, consumer packaged goods, financial, and telecom leading the way. Another way to think about programmatic: It’s hard to think of much advertising buying that won’t be soon influenced by it. Any buyer of advertising will want the best data available to improve its targeting of audience and to measure the efficiency of its performance.
Rumors about Rybolovlev’s direct or indirect relationship with Trump have swirled in part because Rybolovlev’s family trust paid $95 million in 2008 to buy a Palm Beach mansion from Trump as the global financial crisis took hold. Trump, who had purchased the property out of foreclosure for $41 million, is believed to have reaped a significant profit at a time when the global financial meltdown was hurting all real estate values and loans were tough to obtain.
Chemitsyn said Rybolovlev purchased the oceanfront mansion as an investment for a cost “below the asking price and following a process of negotiation.”
Rybolovlev no sooner closed on the purchase than his marriage went sour, and his wife, Elena, filed legal papers to prevent him from selling the property. He said that he never set foot inside.
In the article, Luke concludes, “And we, the advantaged, sit at home in front of our computers and tablets and phones, all of which we’ve already purchased at non-bargain prices, and delight in the spectacle.” How are the people whose lives are filled with electronic distractions, “advantaged?” To me, this is a sad understanding of what privilege truly is. Surely it’s not the ability to become addicted to electronic devices.
Yes, we should try and better understand and engage people who camp outside big-box stores in order to purchase consumer goods with debt-laden credit cards. Meanwhile, organizers and activists should offer free community-entertainment, handmade crafts, pot luck dinners or neighborhood concerts on Black Friday. Alternative cultural activities would greatly help, as many people feel lonely and isolated during the holiday season.
One last time ”” calling all “Collect ’em all”-ers: In case you missed it last week, I’m taking a show of hands to see how many of you have purchased all seven of the UnI Watch T-Shirt Club’s designs so far. Knowing how many people are eligible for the year-end prize will help me determine what the prize will be. So if you’ve collected ’em all so far (and didn’t already check in last week), please use this link to shoot me a note. Thanks.
Shop with 100% confidence at Dover Saddlery. If something doesn’t fit you or your horse, return your original purchase within a year, and we’ll make it right with a refund, exchange or replacement.
Your e-gift card will be delivered via email within 24 hours regardless of shipping method selected. If your purchase contains other items, select the ship method you would like the remainder of your order to use and it will arrive in the identified time frame.
Perhaps the biggest announcement the week of the 183rd annual General Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints came late on Easter Sunday. The LDS Church announced plans to purchase Utah State University, renaming the 125 year old school BYU-Logan.
Franken’s totally going there with accusations that these senators allowed an unqualified person to essentially purchase a cabinet spot. For reference’s sake, here’s a handy listing of what the DeVos family has donated to currently sitting senators.
Shahreen Haq was put through one such stressful event recently. She has a debit card from a reputed foreign bank and last week she got two text messages within 20 minutes notifying that her card was used to make purchases worth over Tk 62,000. She was at home at the time and had not used the card. A shocked Shahreen instantly got in touch with the bank and the police and managed to block the payment. Others were not so lucky.
Having earlier argued that there was a First Amendment issue to be found in the aggregate limits because they hindered an individual's right to participate in the political process -- It is here helpful to note the everlasting irony of Antonin Scalia's view of Bush v. Gore. There is no individual right to vote, but an individual's right to purchase a candidate must be untrammeled -- but here, Roberts is saying it plain. To restrict money is to restrict speech. Period. And the only real legal restraint on the wholesale subletting of American democracy is John Roberts's strange devotion to "disclosure" as some sort of shaming mechanism within the electorate. Good luck with that one.
Back in March, Jaafari informed the Security Council that a person named Haytham Salahuddin Qassab “transported chemical substances from Turkey on behalf of the terrorist organization known as Ahrar al-Sham.” He allegedly purchased the chemical agents from Turkey’s Dharwa Import and Export Company.
This came together quite a lot faster than the 2015 UK Election Results piece I did at Bloomberg. I think we only decided that we were going to purchase a live feed of election results from the Press Association about a week and a half ahead of the election night.
Immediately after Brexit, Esperanto speakers in Europe became activists. The announcement was made on the inauguration of Eŭropa konversacio (an European conversation), a webpage in the international language featuring news and cultural notes related to the continent and helping to forge a continental identity in the neutral, auxiliary language. A group of Esperantists have purchased the site europano.info and are raising funds on patreon so that their project may materialize. Unlike all other “official” European Union webpages, which spend millions of dollars and employ hundreds of translators in order to make their content available in dozens of languages, europano.info will test the usefulness of Esperanto as the single, auxiliary, second language for an increasing number of people, removing the many middle-persons in the process of translation between people from dozens of countries and ethnicities, and simplifying international communication for everyone. What better place than the European Union to test Esperanto?
It brings a major cards’ payment system to the OpenLedger and BitShares networks, thereby allowing token holders to use the world's only Stablecoins (SmartCoins) - including bitUSD, bitEUR, bitGBP, and Rubles - plus other OpenLedger tokens such as OBITS, bitcoin (BTC), and ethereum (ETH), to enable users to purchase items anywhere that accepts debit cards.
To power the device, you simply plug it into an outlet using the supplied plug and USB cord. Setup does get a little tricky, in that it requires you to wire it directly into your garage door opener. This is going to be the case with almost every smart garage door opener you purchase that isn’t already part of your dumb garage door opener (we’ll step through this too, shortly).
Under New Jersey’s civil forfeiture law, property can be taken by law enforcement if police determine that it was used in the commission of a crime – such as in the Hamilton case – or if it was purchased with the proceeds of a crime. But most disturbing to critics and civil libertarians, the move to take property sometimes can be done without criminal charges being filed.
“We took a vehicle that we knew was purchased from the proceeds of criminal activity, through drug money,’’ McMurtry said on the video. “The way that the transaction to buy that car, this high-end car, was structured, to me, constituted money laundering.’’
Cost: Free, with purchase of a Japanese Tattoo exhibition ticket
But in India, a 12-week course of the drug's generic version can be purchased for just $500.
Jefferys says he gets up to 100 emails per day from people seeking advice -- half of them from America. Some travel to India to purchase the drugs themselves; others ask Jefferys to arrange for the drugs to be mailed to their homes.
Gilead said in a statement that it "responsibly and thoughtfully" priced the drug, and that "prices today are less than the cost of prior standard of care regimen." The company has also established a program that helps patients purchase the drug if they meet certain income, residency and coverage criteria.
Bigsby, the fisherman, was on a plane to India just one week after exchanging messages with Jefferys. In Chennai, he was able to purchase sofosbuvir, in combination with other drugs, for just $1,600.
There is the damage done to the social contract and the public’s relationship with law enforcement when an illicit trade becomes a significant source of jobs and income in a community. Many of our rights have slowly been eroded in the name of the “war on drugs.” There are the many problems produced for our society that result in giving criminal enterprises a great source of revenues–revenues that can be used to bribe officials promoting a culture of corruption or funding the purchase of firearms for nefarious purposes. There is the side-effects on immigration into our country resulting from the power of the Mexican drug cartels.
In the latest instance, the Comanche County Memorial Hospital filed a lawsuit alleging that Genentech, which is a unit of Roche, shortchanges hospitals by placing less of the breast cancer medication in vials, or alternatively, misrepresenting the amount of the drug that must be mixed in a solution. Under either scenario, the lawsuit contends providers would unnecessarily be forced to purchase additional vials.
He will use part of that money to buy a house for his father, Chukwudi, a marketing rep and basketball coach. He will buy another for his “auntie mom,” Chinyere Okafor-Conley, his dad’s older sister who helped raise Jahlil after his mother died when he was nine. He will also purchase a truck for his father. A red one. “I don’t even know what kind,” says Jahlil. “I just know that ever since I was a kid, my dad has wanted a red truck.”
Who is this "institutional-class investor" that Ortega offers up to the press? Surely it would come out and announce its plans to purchase $1 billion of CIT asssets if it were serious. For now, LogiEnergy is nothing more than an apparition.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 20, 2017 /CNW/ - Aurora Cannabis Inc. (the "Company" or "Aurora") (TSX: ACB) announced today that, further to its press release of November 14, 2017, it intends to make an offer (the "Offer") to purchase all of the issued and outstanding common shares (the "CanniMed Shares") of CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. ("CanniMed") (TSX: CMED) for consideration consisting of common shares of Aurora (the "Aurora Shares").
Aurora may determine not to make the Offer if: (i) it identifies material adverse information concerning the business, affairs, prospects or assets of CanniMed not previously disclosed by CanniMed; (ii) CanniMed implements or attempts to implement defensive tactics (such as a shareholder rights plan, grant of an option (or similar right) to purchase material assets, material acquisitions, issuances of shares (including, a private placement), or increased indebtedness (including, incurrence of significant new liabilities) in relation to the Offer); (iii) CanniMed completes or undertakes to complete any significant transactions, including the proposed, but not yet completed, acquisition of Newstrike Resources Ltd.; or (iv) CanniMed determines to engage with Aurora to negotiate the terms of a combination transaction and Aurora and CanniMed determine to undertake that transaction utilizing a structure other than a takeover bid (a plan of arrangement, for example). Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Offer will be made or that the final terms of the Offer will be as set out in this News Release.
Securityholders should be aware that the issuer may purchase securities otherwise than under the Offer, such as in open market or privately negotiated purchases.
“Back when I was in 8th grade (I’m 46 now – you do the math), I discovered military and role playing games. The first games, which I either saved up for or were given as gifts, include Dungeons and Dragons (the Basic Set), Orge, GEV, Starship Troopers, Star Fleet Battles and 88. If I remember right, 88 was available in the “Gaming Department” of a local department store at the now gone Salem Mall in Dayton, Ohio. The department included various versions of chess, including a 3 D chess clearly modeled on the game Mr. Spock played in “Star Trek”, some Avalon Hill titles and a selection of large boxed games from a company called “Yaquinto”. I distinctly remember seeing the huge flat yellow boxed 88 which featured German Africa Corp soldiers manning an 88 mm anti-tank gun on the cover. Having been raised on shows like “The Rat Patrol” and being an avid viewer of tv broadcasts of “The Desert Fox”, I had a great fondness for the North African Campaign and I remember saving up my allowance for over a month to purchase that cool looking war game. I was not disappointed. Each unit in 88 was a tank or truck or squad of infantry. I loved the tactical nature of the game and often substituted model tanks for the counters in the game. After playing 88, I had to find its brother games – Panzer and Armor. Panzer featured Russian Font battles while Armor featured the Allied campaigns to conquer Germany after D Day.
When Yaquinto Games disappeared, I gave up hope of ever seeing new expansions for these tactical war games. I purchased a reprint of Panzer by Excalibur Games but was highly disappointed . Main Battle Tank and Israeli Defense Force from Avalon Hill were modern upgrades to the system created by James M. Day in the Yaquinto games.”
· Raised enough donations to purchase our basic needs – printing / internet / travel / merchandise
· $500 for printing brochures and cards ($500 will purchase 10,000 tri-fold brochures)
You can purchase a GB Boy Colour at Geek 'N Gamer Gear
*after looking at their site, it’s not obvious to me that Timbuk2 still sells the same size Swig that I purchased two years ago. I purchased the medium, and they now only have one size.
All the attention buoyed the PieLab collaborators. But it also created problems. When Project M first arrived in Greensboro, some folk bristled at the language it employed. The conflicts began with the 2007 Buy-a-Meter project. To get the initiative under way, Project M used stark black-and-white photos (and starker messages) to draw attention to area families who lacked access to the municipal water supply. The pamphlet campaign raised about $50,000. HERO, working in conjunction with Project M, used this money to purchase and install more than 100 water meters. Beyond Alabama, Buy-a-Meter was celebrated as a financial and critical success. But back home, the slogan — “In Hale County, Alabama, Water Is Not a Right,” splayed across a gatefold photograph of Greensboro’s Main Street — did not always play so well. Tensions increased when a group of designers proposed a National Design Center for Rural Poverty Programs in Greensboro. To make clear the need, they described Hale County as a place where an “impoverished population suffers from substandard housing, education, health care and job opportunities.”
"We're hoping there's going to be a good, loyal crew of followers and supporters there to purchase beer."
The purchase price is about 35 percent higher than the value of NDS when it was delisted from Nasdaq in 2009.
The NDS acquisition is the largest in Israel after the $4.8 billion purchase of Chromatis by Lucent in 2000.
To celebrate the “food holiday”, Illegal Pete’s is giving away a FREE breakfast burrito on Saturday, October 13 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. — no purchase or coupon necessary.
She found the incandescent bulbs for the dingy metal mesh fixtures online and purchased decals of gauges for the square electrical cabinets from a store specializing in retro design.
The first step in creating this mouth-watering dessert is to prepare the gingerbread crust. Many brands of gingerbread cookies are “accidentally” vegan meaning they don’t generally contain eggs or milk products. Just check the label before you buy. I crush the cookies in a food processor, add brown sugar, a small amount of all-purpose flour, a pinch of salt and to hold it all together, melted vegan margarine. You could also use coconut oil here. Press the mixture into a pie plate and bake for about 10 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely. (You could also opt to purchase a pre-made graham cracker crust if you prefer).
Masks are even becoming an element of East Asian style: In Japan, surgical masks bearing chic designs or the images of cute licensed characters can be purchased in every corner drugstore, while last month at China Fashion Week, designer Yin Peng unveiled a line of “smog couture” clothese paired with a variety of masks, from Vader-esque ventilators to whole-head riot-gear rebreathers.
Last Thursday night, The Alemonger invited me over for a tasting of his recent Craft Beer purchases from Trader Joe’s. We are no strangers to Trader Joe’s at the G-LO residence, and go there every so often to purchase their unique and usually fine quality food offerings, so when the opportunity to try some of their beers came up, I just couldn’t say no. Of the seven different beers in the photo above, we managed to try five.
The characters aren’t functionally different from each other; they’re just each tied to one or two of the five specific car classes that are different from each other. Payback splits its cars into five categories – race, off-road, drift, drag, and runner (which are used for battling cops). Cars for specific race types need to be purchased from specific dealers and can’t be used in any other race type than the one they were purchased for. It’s a bit restrictive, particularly considering the game doesn’t always necessarily play by its own rules. For instance, it makes a fuss out of communicating that ‘runner’ cars are specially-reinforced vehicles built to take on police, but then regularly throws us into cop chases in non-runner cars that seem to handle the events just as adequately. It doesn’t mind tossing drag cars into impromptu sprint races, either. I wasn’t a fan; my GT-R drag car corners like a whale on a skateboard.
Napolitano’s chief of staff Chris Vittorio said that he is seeking clarification from the city Bureau of Zoning and Land Use on whether the project would be feasible under the zoning code. He said that the developer is planning to purchase the foreclosed property from a bank.
In November 2012, with the announcement that Visions was named album of the year by record shops Rough Trade and Resident, two exclusive bonus discs were made available with any purchase of the album in each shop, featuring remixes and rare tracks.[41]
I ended up ordering on their website to pick up the bra I wanted in the store a few days later using their Click & Collect service. My purchase turned out to be my first fitting Cleo bra ever. I’ll be posting a review shortly!
All paying customers of Footbrawl playground on itch.io can obtain a steam key when they click the request key button on their purchase page!
Ministry of Environment officials say fish can be purchased for personal consumption only from a licensed commercial fisherman or a fish dealer. When buying fish this way, vendors are required to provide a receipt that includes the following:
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
Since 2009, Ars Technica's Jacqui Cheng has doggedly tracked how long it takes big photo-sharing sites to permanently delete photos after a user hits "Delete." Her method was simple: save a photo's URL, delete the photo and wait to see how long it takes for the link to die. For Twitter and Flickr, it took seconds. For MySpace (remember that?), it took months. But for Facebook, Cheng found it could take years.
Presumably, the files are then saved to your Dropbox folder and can be accessed through Office Online or the traditional desktop apps. We haven't had a chance to try it out yet and see if it truly offers the same features you'd find creating files through Microsoft's apps, but it's certainly an intriguing way for Dropbox to take on the Google Drive / Docs combo. Dropbox says the feature will be available "later this month."
The economic benefits of legalizing marijuana are mind blowing. If marijuana was legalized and taxed at the same rate of tobacco, the money we would save on law enforcement and gain in tax revenue equals about $17 billion. As Nicholas Kristof notes, that is enough money to send every three and four year old in a poor neighborhood to pre-school. Or we could spend that money improving public school education. Or we could use the money to shore up border defense. Whatever we do, $17 billion is not exactly a trivial amount.
The warnings on Europe sound extra-apocalyptic this week. “The eurozone really only has days to avoid collapse,” blares the headline on Wolfgang Münchau’s column. And, while European leaders are frantically thrashing out plans for further fiscal union to save the euro, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is still resisting sweeping reform measures. As my colleagues Michael Birnbaum and Anthony Faiola report, “investors and world leaders alike hang on Merkel’s every word, searching for a hint that her resistance is simply a bluff to scare countries into behaving more like hers.”
Two bow and two stern thrusters provide port manoeuvrability, and two pairs of stabilizer fins reduce rolling.[35] A special silicone-based paint, instead of biocides used by much of the industry, keeps barnacles off of the hull.[21] This increases her efficiency by reducing drag while also protecting the ocean from biocides that may leak. The paint is credited with lowering the water drag enough to save 1,200 tonnes of fuel per year.[37] The ship has a bulbous bow, a standard feature for cargo ships.
The document presents a challenge to claims that Conservative-driven austerity saved the public finances following years of Labour overspending.
4. In the final, again playing against a favored team at that team’s home stadium, and now missing four key players due to suspension, they again fell behind, needing late Drogba heroics, extra time, a colossal Petr Cech save against Arjen Robben, and a comeback during penalties (including more late Drogba heroics) to win. Bayern had a 43-9 shot advantage and a 20-1 advantage in corner kicks. Chelsea’s one corner led to Drogba’s match-tying goal.
In 1995 Connecticut added a law to the state's books requiring licenses (permits) and requiring background checks. Researchers at Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research decided to look into whether or not there were any results as a result. Comparing these results with results of the inverse happening in Missouri after they repealed their handgun law license has led to the shocking conclusion that gun laws help save lives. Cold dead hands and all that.
Captain Bonenberger, Specialist Pulaski’s company commander, said the soldier saved his life twice that day — and it gnawed at him that he had been unable to return the favor.
The Trump administration renewed a long-held call by the Pentagon for a new round of base realignments and closures, saying it could save $2 billion per year that could be spent on boosting military readiness.
A better way to form the guidelines may be to avoid focus on individual nutrients (since few nutrients are categorically good or bad, other than manmade trans-fats which are always bad) and rather encourage whole foods. But if that message was the basis of a more simple guideline, and processed packaged foods were discouraged, where would that leave General Mills, Monsanto, and Unilever? Not that they directly write the guidelines, but they have lobbies and fund studies. And the government allows them to label Fruity Pebbles as healthy, just because they add some sprinkling of vitamins into the sugary mix. One last reason why it's good to focus on foods rather than nutrients for recommendations: single vitamins often fail in trials. Researchers used to think that vitamins E and A may protect against disease if supplemented. Dozens of trials later, it turns out that both may slightly lower lifespan or cause a bit more disease. One reason is that nutrients work in concert — eating a healthy diet where the foods naturally have a variety of nutrients is probably a better idea than relying on supplements to save you from a crappy diet. Indeed, there are no "superfoods" or "supernutrients"...it's probably more important to eat a natural diet that has some of each nutrient in addition to some healthy plant and animal components that aren't classified as essential nutrients (these are good/great for optimal health, but not technically necessary to live).
Some other highlights include a worrisome note about the looming limits of classical computer systems, as they shrink to their absolute minimum and effectively put the brakes on Moore's law. Computers as we know them will stop getting faster and smaller—soon. The authors seem hopeful that quantum computing can save the day, but as to whether practical QC will be ready in time is unsettled.
Advances in computer memory will help stave off this Moore's wall, at least. I've written here before about the profound limits current memory systems are putting on computing power. Computers may get faster, but they're not gaining memory access speed nearly as fast. The hope is for a "universal memory" system to save the day, in which SRAM, DRAM, hard-drive, and flash memory are all integrated into one quickly accessible and extremely small system. In the future, hard-drive access could be as quick as it is for an actual logic unit to access its own registers (the slivers of memory within the unit itself).
Fortunately, medicine seems less likely to hit a fundamental limit than computers. "Imagine your life being saved by a custom-designed medical machine made from particles 50,000 times as small as a single strand of your hair," the report offers. You might be living with a fleet of diagnostic bots just cruising around inside your body, looking for trouble and fixing it. A proper auxiliary immune system.
I said long ago the only solution was for the fed to buy these loans and refinance them at current market values. Banks could have continued servicing them to earn their money. A $100,000 loan modfied down to $70,000 still means a $135,000 total repayment at 5% interest. This could have allowed most people to keep their homes and also would set the ground for newly valid mortgage contracts. And the government could have even made a profit on it and saved the economy in one quick swoop. Proves they are not friends of the people.
I imagine the issue is that someone again realized the behavior of GCC and LLVM on non-Windows OSes with regard to the default non-existence of stack probing and found some new instance of a vulnerable and widely-used application/service to exploit. The following is a summary of the main issues which have all been heavily detailed and explained already in Gaël's 2005 presentation from slide 24 onward (under the heading of "Jumping the stack gap"). Calls to alloca() over a page in size, large local variables, variable-length arrays (VLAs), etc can all easily skip over a single guard page and read from/write to an attacker-controlled mmap-based heap allocation and cause further deeper stack frames to do the same, with all the implications on saved instruction pointers, etc. Not only does this problem affect the main process stack, but it's an issue for thread stacks as well. It was part of the motivation for the creation of GRKERNSEC_RAND_THREADSTACK over four years ago in response to this alloca()-based vulnerability/exploit by Exodus Intelligence. Further easing exploitation is that Linux will honor mmap hints, conceivably permitting some rare vulnerable application to allow an attacker to suggest an allocation just below the stack guard page without needing to exhaust virtual address space to accomplish it (which would open up this vulnerability for more 64-bit apps).
Some people saved their reputation then, notably Attorney General Richardson and his deputy, William Ruckelshaus, who defied Nixon’s order to fire the special prosecutor. We’re waiting for today’s profiles in courage. There should be ample opportunity.
Consumption : Less government spending will not provide consumers with more money to spend. So to spend more, they would need to save less or incur more personal debt. These options seem somewhat unlikely, as less government spending probably means the impact of entitlements softens -- so Americans will need to save more, not less.*
: Less government spending will not provide consumers with more money to spend. So to spend more, they would need to save less or incur more personal debt. These options seem somewhat unlikely, as less government spending probably means the impact of entitlements softens -- so Americans will need to save more, not less.* Investment : Less government spending will not provide firms with more money to invest. So they would either need to pay shareholders less or borrow to invest more of their revenue for growth. It's hard to see why cutting government spending would encourage either of these options. At best, you could see the private sector attempt to provide some of the services that government cut, but most of the government's functions tend not to be potential profit centers for firms. More importantly, this would just replace the services the government already provided, so growth would remain flat. Economic activity would remain unchanged: some would just shift from government to firms.
A new ad from a prominent gun control group features the main character from Alice in Wonderland shooting herself in the face with a handgun. The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence published the ad titled Alice PSA to its YouTube page Thursday. In it, Alice can be seen following the white rabbit through wonderland when she comes upon a room with a cabinet. In the cabinet she finds a gun, which she then shoots herself in the face with. “Over one-third of all American households have a gun,” a voiceover says as Alice pulls the trigger. “Ask your neighbor: Is there a gun where they play? Asking saves kids.”
The intention of the prayers will be “to ask Our Lady to save the USA from Islamic jihad, from the denial of the Christian faith, and for an end of abortion.”
“The New World’s Lady sailed to confront jihad in the Old World,” Lemmon said. “Is this not mind-blowing? That battle, against all odds, saved Europe from imminent invasion. … As Don Juan fought under that banner, the pope prayed the rosary.”
VMware Workstation™ 11 delivers leading-edge features and performance that technical professionals rely on every day when working with virtual machines. With support for the latest version of Windows and Linux, the latest processors and hardware, and the ability to connect to VMware vCloud Air, VMware Workstation is the perfect tool to increase productivity, save time and leverage the cloud.
Of course, parents save some extravagances for themselves, too.
Ed Davis was a popular player on some truly terrible Toronto Raptors teams from 2010 to 2013. An athletic big man that could rebound, block shots and finish around the rim, but wasn’t changing the fact his team couldn’t win. Traded away in a last ditch effort to save then President and General Manager Bryan Colangelo’s job, Davis has bounced from Memphis to the Lakers and is expected to decline his NBA minimum salary player option for next season to become an unrestricted free agent for the second time. So, should the rebounding challenged Raptors attempt to bring him back?
Turning the option on in your Gmail account settings apparently enables you to send an SMS as soon as you start typing a phone number into Chat’s search box. When you enter new phone numbers, it will save the digits in your contact entries as well. This means that when contacts go offline, the chat window will give you the option to switch to SMS.
The first time you send a text message, it will appear on the person’s phone as coming from a number in the 406 area code. Google has made several thousands of these numbers available for Gmail users, and once a number is associated with your account, all of the text messages you send through Gmail will come from that number. The 406 number works both ways, so your friend can reply to you via text message. Also, your friend can save that number in their phone as belonging to you, and they can even use it to initiate new chats with you.
One section of the M11 extension was due to tunnel under George Green in Wanstead. Residents had believed that this would save their green, and a 250-year-old sweet chestnut tree that grew upon it, but because this was a cut and cover tunnel, this required the tree to be cut down.
There could be 150,000 visitors on the coast and as many as 300,000 in the Willamette Valley. Administrators hope to shift demand to urgent care clinics when possible to save ERs for more complicated care.
One silver lining is that the technological democratization of social media has effectively deconstructed the one-sided power of the Big Bad Media in general and influential writing in particular, which in theory makes this era freer and more decentralized than ever. One downside to technological democratization is that it hasn’t lead to a thriving marketplace of ideas, but a greater retreat into the Platonic cave of self-identification with the shadow world. We have never needed a safer and quieter place to collect our thoughts from the collective din of couch quarterbacking than we do now, which is why it’s so easy to preemptively categorize the articles we read before we actually read them to save ourselves the heartache and the controversy.
April is Pet First Aid Awareness Month. How prepared are you for an emergency situation with your pet? What if you can’t get your little buddy to the vet quick enough? Do you know what to do in some of the most common emergencies? Pet first aid is important for any pet owner to know, it can help save your pets life if you are unable to seek professional care. This time of year is starting to get warmer outside. That means longer walks, traveling to the beach, mountain climbing and more. Heat exhaustion can be dangerous, even fatal, for dogs. It is important to be able to act quickly and be able to recognize symptoms of heatstroke/exhaustion. Dogs suffering from heat stroke will normally exhibit some or all of the following symptoms:
In Egypt, all the necessary prerequisites for a revolution were present save one: a revolutionary party fighting for this perspective. The central question posed in Egypt, and internationally, is the construction of such a party, a section of the International Committee of the Fourth International, fighting to rekindle the struggles of the revolution, bring down the al-Sisi government, and take up the fight for socialism.
As Yang and George went up, Yang said to Oobleck's remains, "I'm sorry I couldn't save you in time, Doctor." She then gave him a salute and walked away, shaking her head in utter disbelief that he was actually dead. George held her hand as she walked.
This is the city U.S. air power saved when Moammar Gadhafi’s forces were closing in. It now appears to be an al-Qaidaville where U.S. diplomats and agents dare not tread.
Varlamov went 3-0-0 with a 0.69 goals-against average, .981 save percentage and one shutout to lead the Avalanche (30-25-11, 71 points) to three straight wins. He made 28 saves in a 3-1 victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins March 4. Varlamov then stopped all 44 shots he faced in a 4-0 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets March 7 to record his 18th career shutout and fifth of the season, including three that have featured at least 40 saves (also Oct. 30 vs. NYI: 40 SV and Jan. 6 at CHI: 54 SV). He capped his performance with 29 saves in a 3-2 triumph over the Minnesota Wild March 8, extending his shutout streak to 124:19 – just 5:04 shy of his career high set March 1-6, 2012 (129:23). The 26-year-old Samara, Russia, native has appeared in 46 games this season (including 22 consecutive starts), compiling a 22-17-7 record with a 2.56 goals-against average and .921 save percentage.
Talbot posted a 2-0-1 record with a 0.99 goals-against average, .965 save percentage and one shutout to backstop the Rangers (40-17-7, 87 points) to five out of a possible six standings points. He denied 25 shots in a 4-1 triumph over the Nashville Predators March 2. Talbot then made 29 saves in a 2-1 overtime loss to the Detroit Red Wings March 4. He capped the week by stopping all 29 shots he faced in a 1-0 overtime victory against the Chicago Blackhawks March 8, becoming the first Rangers goaltender to post a shutout in Chicago since Dec. 25, 1966 (Ed Giacomin). The 27-year-old Caledonia, Ont., native has appeared in 26 games this season, going 14-6-4 with a 2.33 goals-against average, .921 save percentage and five shutouts. That includes points in 12 of his last 13 decisions (9-1-3) as well as a 5-1-1 mark in his last seven appearances (1.69 GAA, .943 SV%, 2 SO).
Fixed save issue caused by the companion app on the main menu (loss of data)
Fixed save issue caused by contacts list (crash occurring). Users should now have access to save
The actual Great Canyon is a good spot to go to, however be ready as well as understand what you are engaging in. It might simply save your valuable existence!
The charger itself is a surprisingly small square that's 2.36 inches on each side and half an inch thick, but it's pretty dense—it weighs 3.7 ounces, not all that much less than the Nexus 5's 4.59 ounces. The glossy black top is unadorned save for a faint Nexus logo in the center, and the sides are a blank matte plastic except for the side with the micro USB port embedded in it.
The federal government could save billions of dollars if it tackled the roots of poverty, according to a new report from a government advisory body.
The long-term preventive approach would eventually save taxpayers significant amounts in emergency health care, prisons, shelters and other social services that are used in floundering attempts to keep poverty under wraps, the report says.
Barden said to back up the claim that the limit would save lives, you need only look to the number of shootings that are halted when the shooter stops to reload.
Romanenko stated that following the meeting, "one man from the [Ukrainian] diaspora" told him "you are completely right; this is just the way to save Ukraine."
The sergeant had made the right decision. Grec knew this, even though she wasn’t sure she would have been able to do it herself. Despite being dragged under the snow and injured, Palladio had reached out with his mind to jam the Spider’s AI. The only way to prevent the Spider from burning out his mind and then killing Grec and the sergeant was to kill him. Suddenly breaking the psychic link—a link amplified by the minds of the dead marines the Spider was using as a battery—would send a shockwave back to the Spider, enough to fry its CPU. Furusawa had realized this and took the decision, one that would have saved her had Grec not intervened.
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
Today, we're excited to release a Google Buzz widget for Android phones that lets you post text and photos with a single tap. Like other mobile access points for Google Buzz, the widget lets you choose to tag your post with the location or place from which it was posted. You can post buzz about a great meal you had and share photos of the new restaurant. To save time, your posts will upload in the background, letting you get back to your scrumptious dessert without a wait.
Hillary Clinton could have saved their lives, but chose note to. She was trying to keep the danger in Benghazi a secret, and left Americans to die. She is unfit for office.
A character who robs a bank to pay for his wife’s operation or to save himself from the Mafia’s threats may be a hero in his own right—or he may be a compelling and relatable antagonist to the detective protagonist who has to go after him.
Imagine the costs involved in first coming up with PreCheck and then building, administering, marketing and maintaining it, when it could save a lot more by a rational de-escalation of the security requirement post 9-11 decade? And on top of that, PreCheck does not guarantee expedited screening, as its own rules say! The knots TSA has tied itself up in.
He said the association's decision was made in view of the Prime Minister's call during his recent 'Mann ki baat' programme to to save the environment.
When I started working for myself full-time in 2010, I also began to adopt a minimalist mindset to my life. My main goal was to buy less, use what I had and save my money for experiences instead of stuff. As a result, I’ve spent very little on “things” over the past two years. Most of my income goes to housing, student loans, car payment, food and other monthly bills. The rest goes to activities that I gift to myself or other people: traveling, trying new restaurants, attending concerts and going to festivals.
Don’t justify shopping because it’s “on sale” or you have a “coupon.” Remember that you’re only saving money if you would have needed to buy the item anyway. In other words, a sale on toilet paper is a score, but a sale on Jimmy Choos is not. My aunt cracks me up with all the DSW and Lane Bryant coupons she gets in the mail every month. She claims she’s “saving” money on all the clothes she buys, forgetting that the best way to save money is not to spend it in the first place. Tell your favorite clothing stores to stop sending you discounts and reserve your couponing culture for buying food or other essential items.
Kamruz Jaman, the always helpful Sitecore superhero saved me from wasting a lot of time troubleshooting and told me: “Since SC8.1 or so, the ribbon changed and was put into its own iframe. Previously it was part of the same page so using the page extenders meant it would affect both the content and the ribbon.”
I was curious if anyone else blogged about this and of course someone did. August 25, 2015 Mark Servais posted: SPEAKing Aloud: Changing CSS. Great post. I wish I had searched for this a couple hours ago, it would have saved me some time.
The videos, saved on laptops, were being edited by Manchester-based Swan Films for the CPS to use as evidence in court.
Preventing such an increase would save 7 million college students an average of $1,000 over the life of their loans, according to the White House.
It is estimated the move would save around £20m a year, although the reorganisation itself is likely to be expensive.
Make your wishlist before the big day. Go to stores and analyze those products to be sure about their quality and their features. Check the store policies and be sure that you can return a product if you don’t like it or it doesn’t fit you. Then wait to attack the sales from the comfort of your home. Focus on mobile apps. A recent study published by Apptentive shows that 88% of consumers use retail mobile apps. This makes sense because apps are more customized and user friendly and they know what you are looking for before you press any button. Trust the evolution of technology and forget about the tiring mornings when you were waiting for stores to open their doors and after that you were struggling to reach other promotions. That’s history. Show your fidelity for some brands. Many companies offer special promotions for loyal customers who use frequently their app. Opt for receiving push notifications and wait for those messages that will announce top sales for your favorite products. If you still like to go to some specific stores for Black Friday choose those apps that can help you find the best route to get there or other apps that allow you to compare very fast, prices and characteristics of products. Test them before to be sure that they do what you want. Be careful for the shipping fee. There are a lot of retailers that offer free shipping. These benefits make you save time and money, which is the main target of using your mobile devices for Black Friday.
Ishmael experiences other tropes or turnings from his thanatopsis mood, as when in the Spouter Inn he is terrified by the prospect of a cannibalistic, harpoon-toting savage for his bedmate, only to find a bosom friend who indirectly saves his life; as when in the chapel, staring at signs of his seemingly foreordained death in the black-bordered tablets commemorating sailors lost at sea, he finds unaccountably that his "Faith, like a jackal, [that] feeds among the tombs, [.
What a great idea! Maybe we can save the auto industry with a $5 per month Internet Access Fee. And Toronto's budget problems - solved with an additional $5 fee! And climate change? Let's add another $5 on. Now isn't that easier than actually confronting the real issues at hand?
According to NComputing’s press release, the RX300 will offer full-motion HD video playback, four high-speed USB ports, wi-fi and bluetooth, access to both vSpace and the Linux OS, 8GB of internal memory and 1 GB of RAM, a one-year subscription to VSpace 10, and be compatible with Vcast streaming. In terms of power consumption, NComputing has stated that the RX300 will use less than 5 watts of energy and will feature a sleep mode to save power.
Potentially—that’s the key here, because the real story of Google’s role in this sordid crime is a bit more complicated than that, and not entirely evil, much as that might frustrate me and many of our readers. Google’s problem in this case rests in its overwhelming monopoly power—it’s as if the Nixon Tapes were on Google’s servers, along with all of our own personal recordings, and Google had a policy of generally being a pain in the ass about handing over tape recordings so as to keep consumers lured into spending all their babbling moments babbling into their tape recording product...only in this case, Google is also a major campaign donor to Nixon and his political agenda. It’s very problematic, and I’ll save a deeper discussion of Google’s conflicts in fighting government warrants for Ron and Rand Paul’s indicted felons for another article...
When the two Gods team up, they rarely lose to anyone. Jigglypuff is a huge menace in doubles play because of its ability to wall out opponents, save teammates, and work as part of a team while still being a powerful single character.
After winning first place in numerous European doubles tournaments, Armada and Android have shown their ability in 2017, taking first in GENESIS 4, and Royal Flush just a short while ago. The Lindgrens use a combination of Sheik/Peach or Sheik/Fox. They are best known for creative combos and innovative teammate saves that showcase their high levels of synergy.
Cook the potatoes and cauliflower, potatoes need about 15 minutes, cauliflower 10 minutes – I just add the cauliflower 5 minutes later and cook until soft. Strain and mash well, try to break as many lumps as possible. Season with salt and other spices or herbs to your liking and start adding the bread crumbs a few tablespoons at a time. The mixture will be soft but keep its form. Taste and adjust if necessary. Use an ice cream scooper as a measuring tool to make the patties uniform in size and shape. Flatten them into discs and roll in bread crumbs. If you are not using them all just freeze them on a tray lined with baking paper and later when frozen transfer them into a bag to save on space in the freezer. You can fry these in a pan with a bit of coconut oil for 3-4 minutes on each side, but be careful: they soak up a lot of it. You could also bake them in the oven (375 F 15-20 minutes). The bed of carrots on which these heavenly patties rest are just organic carrots washed and sliced, tossed together with some olive oil, salt and thyme. Set on a baking tray lined with baking paper, 15-20 minutes at 375 F.
“With as many people as we have using all these beautiful recreational areas … they save the citizens of the county so much,” Cashin said. “For these guys to take time off of work and come out there, I’m just so thankful for them.”
Why he's here: The Giants gave him a monster contract last winter to fix their bullpen woes. It hasn't quite worked out that way, as Melancon has as many blown saves this season as he did in all of 2016 and has found his way to the DL twice. It's not much better than what the Giants got from their bullpen last year, only it's costing them a lot more money this time. In a year when almost nothing has gone right for the Giants, Melancon's performance still manages to stand out.
Lee says he wants this movie to save lives. But if it has no basis in the reality of the city, how can it?
Second, it's the sheer futility of it. Having a bunch of security guards around you is no security at all when it comes to committed terrorists. Did high security save Indira Gandhi or Rajiv Gandhi? Minimal, discreet security is often good enough.
It comes down to money for both sides It’s all about dollars for both the solar industry and NV Energy. The utility says ratepayers will be charged an additional $8 million for every percentage point the net metering cap increases. Rooftop solar customers receive a credit worth about 7 cents per kilowatt-hour for powering their homes and the grid with solar electricity. That credit is an incentive to go solar, but it’s also a means for consuming less power from NV Energy, biting into the company’s profit. The solar industry says a tariff and locked-in cap rate will kill the majority of the 6,000 jobs the industry brought to Nevada over the past five years and will limit consumer choice. Early in the legislative session, NV Energy unloaded a team of lobbyists to squelch any attempt to raise the cap. Solar followed with its own lobbying effort, congregating with a consortium of gaming and tech interests. The battle heated up after a bill draft to raise the cap to 10 percent died without a single public hearing or vote. Solar advocates met with lawmakers and the governor — whose outside advisers lobby for NV Energy — but had little success. Now, as time winds down in the session, only one solution is on the table — a punt. Republican Sen. Patricia Farley’s amendment to a building codes bill would allow the Public Utilities Commission to raise the solar cap and to impose up to three tariffs on net metering customers. The eleventh-hour measure was the only way to save the solar industry this session, Farley said. “It gave the solar industry a vehicle to start a discussion,” Farley said. The amendment cleared the Senate and is moving through the Assembly. The compromise is not ideal for companies such as SolarCity and Sunrun, which lease solar panels to customers who participate in net metering. Industry officials say proposed fees could hurt business by discouraging people from participating in a net metering program. Rooftop customers — who pay bills to both the utility and solar companies — pay about 20 percent less for solar than conventional energy, and the fees, industry leaders say, could bite into their cost savings. Adding fees and restricting the cap would be a big win for Berkshire Hathaway Energy and one of its few net metering successes nationally. Berkshire failed to impose caps in Utah and Washington. Arizona instituted a $5 to $7 net metering charge for homeowners. A fee is pending in Wisconsin. Colorado has no cap and no fees. In other words, utility companies in more than 40 states have unsuccessfully fought to eliminate net metering or impose fees.
The CAG report also ignores the legislative intent behind the New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP), which was to provide an incentive to private contractors, to tap domestic energy sources that PSUs like ONGC and OIL could not. The driving force behind this policy shift was not merely liberalisation of the economy, but a concerted effort to make India energy independent, and to reduce the nation’s staggering fuel-import bill. In making the simplistic argument that RIL’s higher gas prices lead to a subsidy burden on the economy, Kejriwal has wilfully ignored both, the saved fuel import-costs and the substantial GDP contribution made by domestic contractors. GOI currently pays up to $15 per million British thermal units (mmBtu). By Kejriwal’s logic, India ought to pay billions of our precious and scarce foreign exchange to international gas providers but deny an Indian corporation from making a legitimate profit for the massive investment it has incurred, simply because the government subsidises the fuel. Even keeping aside the billions of dollars India saves by encouraging a domestic entity, why doesn’t Kejriwal talk about the billions that the Indian government receives as its share of profit from KG-D6? Would he rather than India be at the mercy of foreign gas-producers than achieve energy security? Even keeping energy independence aside, the creation of jobs and enhanced shareholder value aid in spurring growth and confidence in the economy that benefits everyone.
If you adhere to these, then you will be years ahead of your peers and it will save you a ton of bullshit experiences with women, that could have been avoided.
Providence, RI - The American Hockey League announced today that Providence Bruins goaltender Zane McIntyre has been selected as the CCM/AHL Goaltender of the Month for the month of December. McIntyre was a perfect 9-0-0 in nine appearances during December, sporting a 1.65 goals-against average and a .947 save percentage while stopping 269 of 284 shots.
McIntyre allowed two goals or fewer in eight of his nine starts last month, despite facing at least 30 shots seven times. After returning to Providence on Dec. 1 from an extended stay in Boston, McIntyre opened the month with a 31-save performance in a 6-2 win vs. Binghamton on Dec. 2, and he matched a career high with 38 saves in a 2-1 overtime victory over Springfield on Dec. 4. McIntyre stopped 31 of 32 shots and all three shootout attempts to earn a 2-1 victory over Hartford on Dec. 11, and he made 35 saves as Providence defeated Utica, 3-1, on Dec. 21. McIntyre closed out the month with 29 saves as the Bruins went to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton and beat the league-leading Penguins, 5-2, on Dec. 30.
A 24-year-old native of Thief River Falls, Minn., McIntyre is 10-0-0 in 12 appearances for Providence this season and leads the AHL with a 1.41 goals-against average and a .951 save percentage. McIntyre, a sixth-round pick by Boston in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, also made his NHL debut earlier this season and appeared in three games with the parent Bruins. The University of North Dakota product has played 43 AHL games over his first two pro seasons, going 24-8-7 with a 2.32 GAA and a .914 save percentage.
While it’s possible—and easy—to post the same content to multiple social networks, cross-posting isn’t an approach we recommend. Each network has its own unique characteristics and user base, so while applying the same strategy to multiple networks might seem like a shortcut, it might cost you more in engagement and authenticity than it saves you in time and effort. Nail your strategy on one network at a time, keeping it unique and fresh.
Once you know the best times to tweet for optimal engagement, you can use Hootsuite to schedule your tweets, which will save you time and ensure you’re getting the best bang for your buck with each tweet.
Last week, Minneapolis-based utility Xcel Energy proposed its fourth wind farm in the Upper Midwest since mid-July. If approved, the 150-megawatt Border Winds Project would be developed in North Dakota near the U.S.-Canadian border and produce enough electricity to save customers an estimated $45 million over its lifetime while reducing annual carbon dioxide emissions by about 320,000 tons.
In July, Xcel Energy — the nation’s top utility for wind-based power — proposed to add 600 megawatts of wind energy through three wind farms in North Dakota and Minnesota. With the addition of the Border Winds Project, Xcel could save customers more than $220 million and add a total of 750 megawatts of wind power to its existing Midwest portfolio, which would bring its wind capacity total in the region to 2,550 megawatts — or enough power to serve over 750,000 homes.
The Upper Midwest is not the only region that’s benefiting from Xcel’s aggressive push to add more wind power before the PTC expires. In Colorado, Xcel has asked regulators to approve a 200-megawatt wind farm that would save customers more than $142 million in fuel costs over the 20-year contract term.
Xcel also proposed three projects totaling nearly 700 megawatts that would be built in New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas, citing a lower price per megawatt-hour for wind energy generation than their own natural gas-fueled generation. These projects are expected to save customers $590.4 million in fuel costs over 20 years.
This salad is one of my "grab & go" favourites. It's great for anyone with a busy lifestyle looking for a sating and nutritious low-carb meal they can take to work. I always have hard-boiled eggs and keto-friendly mayo in my fridge. This way I save time and money and avoid temptations. If you want to succeed with your healthy low-carb eating, you should plan your cooking at least a few days in advance.
The long-running MMO stumbled to a halt on September 19th, 2013, almost 10 years after it first released. No specific reason save that of “shifting development” from Disney was given for the closure, although the company encouraged players to check out its other titles (such as Club Penguin).
The technique might also save the lives of at least some lab animals, Erturk said.
When Samuelson’s yellow light flashes, signaling that he’s running out of time, Posner encourages him to continue. Judge Ann Claire Williams jumps in, informing Samuelson that the light “won’t save you.” The courtroom erupts in laughter. A defeated Samuelson responds, “It was worth a shot.”
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Despite Trump saying in 2011 the US needed to "go in" to Libya "to save these lives," and criticizing the US for "not bringing [soldiers] in to stop this horrible carnage" by Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi, and saying that "if you don’t get rid of Qaddafi, it’s a major, major black eye for [the US]," he says he was never actually in favor of a Libyan invasion. "I never discussed that subject. I was in favor of Libya? We would be so much better off if Gaddafi were in charge right now," he said in February.
» CB Cortland Finnegan: Due $6 million in base salary along with a massive $3 million roster bonus, Finnegan is a prime candidate for release on the heels of an injury-marred campaign. We could see St. Louis bringing him back at a fair rate, but they save $4 million by cutting him.
» C Scott Wells: Along with Dahl, look for St. Louis to part ways with Wells. Dahl's release would save $4 million for the Rams, who could gain back another $4.5 million by parting with Wells. One or both of these linemen won't be back.
» LB Jo-Lonn Dunbar: While defensive lineman Kendall Langford's release could save the team $4 million, he offers more on the field than Dunbar. Coming off a campaign that includes a four-game suspension for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing drug policy, the linebacker is no lock to re-sign with the club.
As we add more connected devices to our homes, it seems like we’re increasingly at risk of being hacked through our doorbells and thermostats. You can now add smart TVs to the list of vulnerable devices – only this time around, turning off your internet connection won’t save you.
“This is something I’m deeply passionate about, and I believe it saves lives,” Feinstein has said regarding her AWB. “I don’t intend to stop.”
She made sure he knew the feeling was mutual, holding him closely and listening to his heart beating in his chest. She made sure he fell asleep knowing how much she loved him. She could do no less for the lover that had captured her heart and saved her Christmas spirit.
michaelhirsh ‏@michaelphirsh Whoa. Obama saves his 47 percent ref for last … smart, effective. And no chance for comeback. He wins, no question.
Fans of the five teams above should mostly see landing in this tier as a compliment, so save the emails. They just aren't generating many high-stakes storylines this preseason to capture the casual fan. Minnesota's best player (Adrian Peterson) will barely play, if at all. However, their two most recent first-round picks -- receiver Laquon Treadwell (2016) and cornerback Trae Waynes (2015) -- could use big months to earn regular playing time.
Hibernate is a power state in which everything that is open at the time is saved to disk. The idea is to load the content again from disk when the PC is fired up the next time so that you can resume exactly where you left.
The data is saved to the file hiberfil.sys. Obviously, it makes little sense for you to disable Hibernation if you make use of the feature. If you don't however, you will free up Gigabytes of disk space by disabling the feature.
"No innovation in the past 200 years has done more to save lives and improve health than the sanitation revolution triggered by invention of the toilet," Sylvia Mathews Burwell, president of the foundation's global development program, said in a statement. "But it did not go far enough. It only reached one-third of the world. What we need are new approaches. New ideas. In short, we need to reinvent the toilet."
"We like the toilet. It was invented in 1775, saved millions of lives," he said. "At the same time, it didn't reach two-thirds of the world's population."
Mr Bain is seeking legal aid to fight his compensation claim and his lawyer Michael Reed QC said that if they offer had been accepted it could have save the taxpayer up to $10 million, The New Zealand Herald reported today.
"NHS staff at A&E units have a tough enough time trying to save the lives of patients in often traumatic conditions. It is shameful that A&E staff are having to fend off violent and verbal attacks whilst trying to do their job.
The SEC claims Aequitas defrauded more than 1,500 investors into believing they were making health care, education and transportation-related investments, when their money was really being used in a last-ditch effort to save the firm.
Until home prices stop falling, MBS values won't stabilize. And until MBS values do stabilize, lenders will continue to be wary since they will remain unsure of this and just about every other form of collateral save for the safest Treasuries.
Overall, 2large2email has a nice and comfortable email-like interface for sharing large files. How large? 100MB in the free plan. However, if you’re looking for something good and free, 2larg2email is not your answer. The service won’t give you any additional features but password protection, and your files can be downloaded up to 7 times, will be saved for only 7 days, and will expire after that. For more features, you’ll have to pay, or move and chose another service. BTW, I’m not saying that you shouldn’t pay for premium services, but if there are other services for personal use, that offer you more for less, you may want to check them out first.
I was surprised to see that underneath the new layout of DivShare is the same great service from three years ago. And, even more surprised to discover some files I had stored 3 years ago in the service are still there! DivShare is a file management service that not only lets you share files, but also saves them for later (for an unlimited period of time). The maximum size per file is 200MB and you have 5GB space for free to start. After the upload, you’ll be able to embed your videos, audio and slide shows on any web site or profile. Diveshare has an iPhone and Facebook applications, a WordPress plug-in and an open API, if you want to build something yourself.
It also estimates that £1bn could be saved by paying child benefit for only four children and progressively reducing payments after the first child.
Yoshida: In the earliest drafts for Phantasy Star II, the main character is Lutz, and it opens with him awakening from cryosleep. In the 1000 years since Phantasy Star, his abilities have changed. He’s more of a warrior now, and he sets out to wander the world. There was also a part where he warps back in time and has to save Alisa at the time of her birth. In the end he defeats his enemies and vanishes again.
Hayashida: And 3D dungeons aren’t really the essence of Phantasy Star, anyway. By the way, being able to save your game in the dungeons led to a huge problem. If you were deep in a dungeon and very close to death after a battle, you could then save your game. But in doing so, you’d always start out in that weakened state, and if you encountered an enemy you would never win, thereby getting trapped in the dungeon forever. It was especially tragic if it happened in the latter part of the game. With tears in your eyes, you’d have no choice but to start a new game.
—Just before Phantasy Star was released, I remember hearing that it would have both battery backup saves and a password system…
Hayashida: We had a lot of fun designing the monsters and events for Phantasy Star. Ah, that reminds me… one of the most difficult things about this game was how hard it was to get money. Mixed in with the standard necessities were some surprisingly expensive items, if you tried to save up money for them.
Well lets imagine you have a direct URL, saved as a bookmark that knows all your open positions and after opening it immidiatelly tells you about how you stand?
Thats where CryptoSummary! steps in - just create your custom, personallised URL and save it as a bookmark
SEE ALSO: 75-year-old Army veteran saves 16 children from library attack
You might think Zach Braff is a destitute hobo, the way he was begging for money on the internet last week. But no! Zach Braff is in fact a very famous and wealthy actor, screenwriter, producer and director, and Zach Braff is also the donor who just pitched in enough money to save the Rio Theater in Monte Rio.
Fawaz Zakri, a member of the opposition Syrian National Council, urged action by the U.N. Security Council, saying the world body "must do something to save the Syrian people's souls."
As crazy as it might sound, I think the checkoff has even contributed to the problem. Yes, it saved us from the precipice and helps to keep us from going the way of the lamb industry, but it also gave us as individuals an excuse to abdicate our responsibility to grow our industry.
After Gourley earned her fifth save of the season, Florida's pitching staff has now recorded 11 saves season. That is the top mark for a single season in Florida history.
Gourley joined Ocasio with five saves this season, which is tied for the Florida single season record.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
THE SCOTTISH Government has stepped in to save Gaelic television, after its funding was axed by the UK Government late last year.
Michael Gove, the justice secretary, has struck a deal to build nine new prisons and sell off the old estates for housing. The level of cuts to his resource budget of around £6bn is not yet public but Gove has signalled he would like to save money by reducing the number of people in prison.
The general sense among the locals is that even if the judge gives the accused jail time, it won’t be more than three or four years, and that it is all worth the money they made in less than two years. The wealth of the alleged leader of this network is now estimated to be around $2 million. “Even the women in the village cherished the smuggling business, as they saved the money to prepare a richer dowry for their girls. And let’s be frank. Although money is sweet, these extremists find comfort among the Sunni population here. So when people cooperate with smugglers, they don’t consider them to be a threat to their own security or to the nation.”
It was when my story hit the Linux news sites. Sites like Linux Today and Lxer. The Hacker News and other Linux magazines and news outlets began publishing about my ordeal. I had to ask that the donations stop. We had met our goal and if that campaign had not stopped, I have no doubt that it would have brought in 100K. But I didn’t need that much money. I had reached the sum necessary, a sum that had been reached after the Linux community rallied behind and around me, and literally saved my life.
The good news? This year, the most exciting awards will be saved for the very end of the Oscars presentation. There’s always an opportunity for an upset, though. Next up, I’ll see just how likely we are to get a surprise.
Brown, 17, works 25 hours a week as a fry cook at a McDonald’s down the street from where he lives in Holyoke, Massachusetts. While classmates were at the beach or the mall, Brown was learning life skills — how to behave in a professional workplace, how to multitask when the lunch rush started, how not to talk back when his managers criticized him. He said he hopes the experience will help him get a job after college. And though the pay was low, he was able to buy his own school clothes and save some money toward a car.
Cutting Gaither would free up $500,000 in cap space in 2013, but it would also save the Chargers $4.5 million in real dollars. The #11 pick in last year's draft, Dontari Poe, got a 4-year contract worth $11.3 million. His cap hit for his rookie season was a hair over $2 million. Would the Chargers be willing to eat $1.5 million in cap space to replace Gaither with Johnson?
Don't start at the beginning of your executed code, start halfway the steps of the code. The idea behind binary-search is to quickly identify/isolate a small region which contains the error. Developers are often not aware that they save a lot of time with this. How often was the error right at the start of your code?
Web Clipper that converts a web page into Markdown and saves images as well
(MONEY Magazine) -- Shawn and Mary Kate DeRose live comfortably on a combined $133,000 income. They pay their debts, save for retirement, even have room to splurge on dinners out and high-end gym memberships.
2. Take the ax to expenses. The couple will save $500 a month on day care, but that still leaves them with $800 to cut. They might get rid of their older car and reduce costs across their budget to do it.
Close video How to stop the Puerto Rican debt crisis Wisconsin Representative Sean Duffy outlines the current economic conditions in Puerto Rico and what needs to be done to combat the billions of dollars in debt that the Puerto Rican government faces. share tweet email save Embed
Pursued by cops, Jenny stumbles into a Haight street coffee shop and is saved from The Man by one Stoney, played by Jack Nicholson in a role written for himself. Jenny finds herself drawn into the pot, bead and incense mindscape of Stoney and his band, Mumblin’ Jim (who I like to imagine had a single song that made it to number 27 on the charts: “One Big Plastic Hassle”). She’s been following the clues left behind by her brother, known only as “The Seeker” by the local heads and rednecks. The other band mates, played by AIP stalwart Adam Roarke and THE MACK star Max Julian, are joined by future director Henry Jaglom as a poster artist with the most outrageous mutton chops I’ve ever seen. Rush stages their cafe conversation in a loose, casual fashion, and there’s more verite here than almost all the exploitive hippie films of the decade. They seem like actual drop-out artists basking in coffee shop lassitude. And since the filmmakers were indeed on the fringe of the industry, their self-absorbed exuberance is palatable. I also love Roarke’s rejoinder to a friend’s too obvious pot smoking in the cafe: “Man, you are totally uncool.”
As reported at the press conference announcing the figures, the loss would have “been much greater without the contributions of the 16,328 employees”, Die Welt wrote. “On the one hand, their numbers fell through job cuts and the removal of three premium department stores in Munich, Hamburg and Berlin by a good 900, on the other hand, Karstadt temporarily left the union agreed wage contract and saved on payments in this way. All together, personnel costs sank by almost 20 million.”
Like the House bill, Graham-Cassidy would cut Medicaid payments for traditional enrollees—the elderly in nursing homes, pregnant women in poverty, disabled children, etc.—by a third by 2026. A portion of the money saved would go into a short-term fund for states to use for health-care costs. The rationale is that this would give states “flexibility” to design coverage for their residents as they see fit. But the amount of funding provided is, by multiple estimates, hundreds of billions of dollars below what the A.C.A. provides. The bill also nakedly shifts funds from Democratic-leaning states that expanded Medicaid under the A.C.A. to Republican-leaning states that didn’t. Analyses indicate that states like California, Massachusetts, and New York will receive block-grant funding anywhere from thirty-five to almost sixty per cent below the health-care funding their residents would receive under current law. Much of those missing funds would be transferred to states like Texas, Mississippi, and Wisconsin. And special deals to make further shifts from blue states to red states such as Alaska are being negotiated to win votes.
With these massive sums being flung around, it is easy to forget that this is about our health as human beings. The evidence is that health-care programs like the A.C.A. save lives. The way they do so is by increasing the number of people who have affordable access to a regular source of care and needed medications. Such coverage has been shown to produce a substantial and increasing reduction in mortality—especially among those with chronic illnesses, such as heart disease, cancer, or H.I.V.—in as little as five years.
FACEBOOK LION HEART: Roy risked his life to save others
"He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. He hit Steve Scalise," Barton said, "Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter."
Vincenzo Natali (Splice) is back with this horror film about a family that moves into a haunted house. Abigail Breslin plays a girl who died in 1986 and is stuck as a ghost, trying to save a living girl from suffering the same fate.
Prognosis: Even in a month crammed with horror movies, this sounds like something pretty unique, and the idea of a ghost girl trying to save a living girl sounds really neat. Plus we're eager to see more from Natali, after Splice.
Disney's latest animated feature is a loose adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen, starring Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel and Jonathan Groff. A girl goes on a perilous journey across the tundra to save her sister from an icy curse, facing trolls and snowmen along the way.
This happens every year in Florida and North Carolina. And twisters in the Midwest. And you wonder why the red states don’t believe in global warming. What do you expect? They’ve been getting their houses thrown around since Auntie Em’s place got lit up back in the 30s and you think they want to put in tax dollars to save a place that tries to kill them every year?
You're about to snort up a big rail when you're saved by four Fifties doo-wop teens in poodle skirts who remind you, via song and dance, to not do drugs. (Meanwhile, some other teens are tumbling in your front lawn.) So you just blow the cocaine in your pal's face! That'll teach him to ever share anything with you again!
The company is banking on a future where large, human operated, ships operate in consonance with smaller autonomous ships. Automating traditionally manual operations has the potential to simultaneously save money and increase safety.
An additional 1.5bn is to be saved through cuts in pensions. These are not actual cuts in the amount pensioners receive, but they are cuts nevertheless as pensioners’ health and other contributions will be raised. There will be also a phasing out of early retirement schemes and an increase in the retirement age to 67 years by 2025. This breaks yet another of the government’s self imposed “red lines” and comes after cuts in pensions of up to 48% in the last 4 years.
Another great reason to plan your menu for the week is that you’re only buying the ingredients that you’re putting on your grocery list to make those meals, which will save you money. You’re no longer standing at the open fridge in the evening, exhausted, trying to make sense out of all the food in your fridge to pull a meal out of it, which will save you stress.
The bill should be law by the time you read this. What will come out of the study can’t be predicted, but as Nadeau boasts, “Vermonster was saved by the people.”
"McHarg suggested using the natural drainage system of the Woodlands site to structure development. This would, he noted, help reduce the prospects for flood damage. Ever the geologist, Mitchell asked. 'All right, natural drainage works, but what does it mean to me?' 'First, George, it means you'll get $50 million from HUD and, second, it will save you even more money,' McHarg responded. 'For instance, you won't have to build a storm drainage system. This will save you $14 million for the first phase alone.' And so McHarg converted the oilman into an ecologist."
Confronted with this new threat, the patrol was divided The patrol leader (Jasper) decided they should bypass the entire scene, since they had important information to get back to Lockhaven with. The other patrol members, however, wanted to fight the creature, and hopefully save whatever animal it was trying to eat. In the end, they decided to go against their orders and attack (I might have forced the issue by describing the badger coming out of the burrow with bits of egg shell on it’s muzzle; defend the weak).
Energy waste is reduced so you'll save money
Despite the higher initial purchase costs – the agency pays close to $420,000 for a diesel bus now, and a CNG bus would cost roughly $55,000 more – CNG buses offer the potential to save money in the long run. Natural gas is currently 30 percent less expensive than diesel. Lower and more stable fuel prices mean that their initial expense could be recovered within the first few years of operation. However, CNG buses have somewhat lower fuel economy (10-20%) and higher maintenance costs (10-15%) than diesel buses, which would offset some of the fuel cost savings.
TriMet is the nation’s first transit agency to test and operate buses cooled by a NASCAR-inspired electrified cooling system. Traditional systems draw up to 50 horsepower off the engine, draining power and consuming fuel. The electrified cooling system uses less engine power, resulting in approximately 5 percent better fuel economy. The system also significantly cuts maintenance time and costs and is safer to maintain. Additionally, a drivetrain computer in the engine compartment of each bus saves fuel and improves driving safety. It monitors the engine, transmission and braking system, and uses the data to adjust acceleration, braking, traction control and fuel injection.
The truck drivers save a dollar but create a multimillion-dollar problem, which affects residents of communities close to the landfill, as the operators of the illegal dumps can only dispose of the rubbish by burning it.
In a desperate bid to save his chair, Singh, who had packaged himself as a mendicant who would readily sacrifice power, unleashed the Mandal Commission, sacked Devi Lal and some other colleagues and then clung on to the job even after the BJP withdrew support to his government.
The Familiar subsystem keeps track of when a unit is spotted, when such an event occurs a "snapshot" is taken where it saves the body properties, currently equipped gear and inserts that into a list of other snapshots. This data will allow for a very good way of exchanging information both between Player NPC as well as NPC NPC,
Even if these snapshots save what you're currently wearing doesn't mean that the NPCs will immediately remember the information correctly, this depends on several factors.
The IRS has also recently decided, in a bid to save time and money, that it will no longer screen most applications for 501(c)(3) charitable status. Some IRS watchdogs worry politically motivated organizations will attempt to exploit this decision.
On the cover of Cybotron's album Enter is written: "We dedicate this album to the people of the Detroit metroplex. To survive we must technofy and save the biosphere." The Great Migration of the early 20th century shifted black American culture to metropolitan cities such as New York, Chicago and Detroit. At the time this track was recorded, the trend in migration had reversed, and Detroit was suffering from the effects of deindustrialization.
This wave of violence, economic collapse, and socio-communal atrophy extensively affected the Detroit techno themes. Still influenced by the same Euro sounds, Juan Atkins and Rick Davis formed Cybotron producing Detroit hits like Alleys of Your Mind, Techno City, Cosmic Cars, and Clear before signing onto the Fantasy label. However, Cybotron's dominant mood of tech-noir and desolation played into describing the city's decline. For all their futuristic mise-en-scene, the vision underlying Cybotron songs was Detroit-specific- from industrial boomtown to post-Fordist wasteland, from US capital of auto manufacturing to US capital of homicide. By the end of the first successful wave of Detroit techno, the city's center had become a ghost town and the techno landscape was evolving into a more hardcore, militaristic frenzy of drug-infused rave and trance scene. Cybotron was group formed in 1980 by Juan Atkins and Richard "3070" Davis in Detroit, Michigan. The group was inspired by midwestern funk, especially the music of George Clinton, along with European synthesizer pioneers Kraftwerk, English electropop, Italo Disco, and futurist literary influences such as Alvin Toffler's booksand. The name "Cybotron", coined by Atkins, is a portmanteau of cyborg and cyclotron. Atkins was fond of creating such "futuristic-sounding" words - the record label names "Metroplex" and "Transmat" being other examples. Although generally considered electro, Cybotron was also part of the early evolution of techno music. Cybotron was the first musical outlet of techno co-"originator" Juan Atkins, and the group's unique combination of musical influences, boldly experimental aesthetic, and afrofuturist philosophy became the underpinnings of Detroit Techno.On the cover of Cybotron's albumis written: "We dedicate this album to the people of the Detroit metroplex. To survive we must technofy and save the biosphere." The Great Migration of the early 20th century shifted black American culture to metropolitan cities such as New York, Chicago and Detroit. At the time this track was recorded, the trend in migration had reversed, and Detroit was suffering from the effects of deindustrialization.The Detroit club scene was as much in transition as the city they were in. The wide-spread popularity of techno across socio-economic lines led to a mixing between West Side and elite high school youths with ghetto and gangster "jits" (abbreviation for "jitterbug"). Unfortunately, the economic problems of Detroit and the prevalent social apathy and desolation led to a proliferation of gun violence within clubs and by 1986, the techno club scenes were wrought with gun shootings, fights, and acts of violence further compounding the sociological and economic recovery of Detroit.This wave of violence, economic collapse, and socio-communal atrophy extensively affected the Detroit techno themes. Still influenced by the same Euro sounds, Juan Atkins and Rick Davis formed Cybotron producing Detroit hits like Alleys of Your Mind, Techno City, Cosmic Cars, and Clear before signing onto the Fantasy label. However, Cybotron's dominant mood of tech-noir and desolation played into describing the city's decline. For all their futuristic mise-en-scene, the vision underlying Cybotron songs was Detroit-specific- from industrial boomtown to post-Fordist wasteland, from US capital of auto manufacturing to US capital of homicide. By the end of the first successful wave of Detroit techno, the city's center had become a ghost town and the techno landscape was evolving into a more hardcore, militaristic frenzy of drug-infused rave and trance scene.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Throughout the beta and now the release, I have been fortunate enough to have both a desktop and a laptop to experience the game with. I spend the vast majority of my time on the desktop, but after spending some type on my desktop experiencing the game so I could write this review, I decided to let my laptop take a crack at my ongoing sandbox game by transferring all my save files and designs over to it. I am glad I did this, as it wasn’t really until I played StarDrive on my laptop that I truly began to understand some of the frustrations others have expressed with its stability.
I soldiered on through the sound issues as I was really interested in seeing my fleet clash with the Opteris space and ground forces. Unfortunately, I was unable to proceed with my defensive strategy ultimately because of a far worse opponent. StarDrive completely locked up and I was unable to exit without using task manager to end the application. I restarted and reloaded a prior save and all seemed fine, even sound returned, but the sound dropped off and shortly after that the game seemed to lock up again as the Opteris attacked, even without my attempts at boarding.
The point of this, whether you agree with the possible benefit of partially attaining legitimacy through regulation or not, is that participants in the crypto markets can no longer (easily) hide and decline to report the fiat profits from their investments. The sovereign citizen argument will not save you from the all-seeing eye of the IRS. In fact, the IRS has already hired a company called Chainalysis to track Bitcoin transactions in an effort to foil would-be tax evaders. Currently, the IRS has classified crypto gains as personal property, subject to long and short-term capital gains taxes. Make sure you consult a crypto knowledgeable CPA and report your gains properly.
GS: It depends. There are two major CD types, the narcissistic and the "aggressive" personalities. For the narcissist, no one else really matters. The cardinal feature will be a complete indifference and insensitivity to everyone else's welfare and a pathological determination to save face.
Technology saved this girl’s life and Google should get all the appreciation for listing suicide helpline numbers for such searches instead of the methods.
That’s why I think I got choked up. It didn’t take me 60 seconds to talk to that mother about reading; but for the few seconds I gave her, her life, and her 5 children’s lives, were dramatically changed for the better. We think of medicine as saving people’s lives. In this case, maybe I saved several people’s lives; but unlike a more conventional view of medicine, I did not simply restore them to what they were before. Maybe I helped to make them much better, maybe I gave them a life that was larger, and fuller, and happier.
After Davey smashed in a superb opener from the edge of the box, Slocombe made fine saves from Doyle and Armand Gnanduillet to keep the hosts ahead.
It seemed clear that key players had strived to save the Secret Service huge embarrassment by hiding the fact that Kennedy's brain (which vanished immediately after autopsy) had been pulped by one of their own bullets.
Lots of people have asked me to comment since the report. I first got involved with Bletchley Park in 2003 and started a campaign to save it in 2008 when I found out that they were having financial difficulties. I’m currently writing a book Saving Bletchley Park about the campaign, the people involved, what we did, what worked and what didn’t.
During the time that I was campaigning to save Bletchley Park and now during writing of my book I have spoken to quite a few people that have been involved with Bletchley over the years. It has all been very interesting.
I believe that the fact that this dispute is now in the public eye is a good thing. It has opened up to the public a situation that has festered long enough. The UK public and many people around the world absolutely LOVE Bletchley Park. It is an awesome place. The place where more than 10,000 people, mainly young women, worked to save *millions* of lives during World War 2. The birthplace of computer science, the place where Alan Turing and others like him worked tirelessly for us. So that we and millions of others around the world like us could live in peace. We owe it to these people, and to the site itself, to now help these two organisations work together. To make Bletchley Park the successful, international heritage site that we can all be proud of. We CAN do that. It MUST happen.
"By uncovering this disparity, we'll be able to think about new ways to train and educate the public on when, why, and how to administer bystander CPR, in order to help save more lives - of both men and women," said lead author, Audrey Blewer, MPH, assistant director for Educational Programs at the Center for Resuscitation Science at Penn Medicine.
Gabriel was an enthusiastic backer of Trump in his presidential campaign, warning that his election was necessary to save western civilization. When Trump picked a fight with Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of a slain Muslim-American soldier, Gabriel was there to back him up, claiming that the “liar” Khizr Khan couldn’t be both a devout Muslim and a Constitution-observing American.
Luckily for others, Langella is as enthusiastic as he is vicious. He celebrates Robert Mitchum’s “carefree, rangy masculinity,” Roger Vadim’s “devotion to physical pleasure,” and Paul Newman’s “original and mesmerizing” beauty (although he does call him “dull” and note that he didn’t have “much of a behind”). Langella saves his highest praise for women of a certain age — that age entitling one to a discount at the movies. Loretta Young in her late 70s was “breathtaking . . . very attractive.” Brooke Astor in her late 90s was “ultra­feminine and alluring” — and in Langella’s company not shy about relating how she lost her virginity. He waxes philosophical about his on-set affair with Rita Hayworth when he was 34. It was her last film. She was 20 years older and suffering from alcoholism and early Alzheimer’s, yet, “in the candle’s light and fire’s glow,” Hayworth “once again becomes the Goddess.” If this memoir doesn’t make the book club of every seniors’ home in America, then there’s something wrong with the Greatest Generation.
You've only got a bit more to go (assuming you saved the final day until now).
Two goaltenders, both alike in dignity, talent and statistics. We can call these hypothetical goalies “Cory Schneider” and “Roberto Luongo”. Somebody pointed out to me on Twitter that they were looking over this page on statistics and noticed Schneider had a higher quality start rate and a higher save percentage, even at even strength.
That’s just even strength save percentage. On the surface, it appears that Schneider is the better goaltender. It just isn’t the case when you tally up the player’s value over the course of a long season. Over a full season, that 2-point difference in save percentage is worth a little under two goals against in value, which is close enough to be affected by randomness when you have in excess of 1500 attempted shots flying at you.
The top 30 goaltenders in goalie starts this season combined for an EV SV% of .923. The next 30 in starts combined for .916. The rest, the “replacements” combined for .913. When you celebrate a goaltender’s save percentage, you need to look at it in terms of marginal value versus a replacement.
Luongo has started 50 games, a good benchmark for an everyday goalie since the 2000-01 season. The most concerning statistic about Luongo is that he’s dipped in starts from 67 to 60 to 54 over the course of three seasons. He’s managed to be near the top of the league in save percentage throughout. Go through year-to-year and you’ll find that consistency is a tough thing to gauge among goaltenders. Mike Smith and Brian Elliott had very strong years this past season (helped along by coaching) but haven’t been great beforehand, so it’s easier to write off their good performances from last year.
All the usual effects are present: color balance, saturation, levels, red-eye removal, and so on. Special effects are included, too, such as textures, oil paint filters, borders, film grains, film emulation (profiled by popular film stocks), and much, much more. Feel free to try them all because none of them alter your original photo until you save the changes.
When you're finished, save your changes directly to your original photo, or save the changes as a new version. If you save a photo as a new version, then you'll see your new version in your thumbnail view, but you'll always have the option to view previous versions.
In fact, not just the photo will be there; saved versions of the photo will also be there, named as you'd expect (the first new version of "IMG_050.jpg" becomes "IMG_050_v1.jpg", and so on).
Eventually I did invest some of it, putting it into another small business that was struggling, but they had a great product and I sensed a lot of potential. My investment kept them, and their 4 FTEs running for another couple years but in the end they liquidated and I lost my entire investment. That represented about 25% of my saved capital at the time.
Federal agencies, in recent decades, have spent billions of dollars to help revive the 13 runs listed for protection under the Endangered Species Act. But this was the latest in a string of rulings that over the years have faulted the federal agencies for failing to push forward aggressively enough to save these runs.
When I first heard about unit testing using a framework like JUnit, I thought it was such a simple and powerful concept. Instead of ad hoc testing, you save your tests, and they can be run as often as you like. In my mind, the concept didn’t leave much room for misunderstanding. However, over the years I have seen several ways of using unit tests that I think are more or less wrong. Here are 5, in order of importance:
4. In the year 2035, poor countries will no longer exist. Gates cites how much the world has changed during his own lifetime — moving from a world segmented into the Soviet Union, the Western Allies, and “everyone else” to the world we see today — as a precedent for how much it has the potential to change. He wrote in his 2014 letter that “aid is a fantastic investment, and we should be doing more. It saves and improves lives very effectively, laying the groundwork for […] long-term economic progress.” 5. By 2030 there will be a clean energy breakthrough that will revolutionize our world. In a slightly more recent prediction, made in 2016, Gates does not name any existing method of renewable energy as the panacea, but he thinks the key is investment in young people. He has already invested $2 billion in alternative technologies. 6. Countless jobs will be lost to automation. In an interview with Quartz, Bill Gates envisages, as many industry leaders do, a world in which humans are put out of work by robots. Gates, though, has provided a possible plan of action: to tax robots in order to fund more jobs that can only be performed by humans, like taking care of the elderly or working with children. 7. Polio could be eliminated worldwide by 2019. In his 2013 Annual Letter, Gates revealed statistics showing that the prevalence of polio has been reduced from impacting millions of people in hundreds of countries to now being active in only three countries worldwide. The key, he states, is measurement: “You have to measure accurately, as well as create an environment where problems can be discussed openly so you can effectively evaluate what’s working and what’s not.”
Since deeming data "terrorist information" makes it eligible to be saved in the NCTC's database forever, the document's fuzzy definition of terrorist information is a source for concern, said Ginger McCall of EPIC.
Simon frees a Sithi from a trap, who gives him a White Arrow in return. He meets Binabik (and Qantaqa the wolf) and journeys along with them. They head for the rest and safe haven of an abbey in the forest, only to find the abbey burning, its inhabitants mostly killed. Simon is briefly captured by a band from the Hayholt (but not King Elias men) then escapes when creatures from legend called Bukken attack the band. Simon and Binabik head back into the woods, and find themselves hunted by men and dogs, sent by Pryrates to track down Simon (who saw too much). They rescue two girls, one of whom is Marya, who Simon knew as a boy Malachias, from the castle. Together, all journey to the house of the witch woman Geloë. Here, Binabik and Simon travel the dream road with the witch woman, and discover some of the forces that are allied with King Elias and Pryrates. The huntsman and his dogs come at them again, and they run toward an ancient Sithi city, where the huntsman shoots an arrow through Binabik. Simon saves his friend, and with Marya they are eventually rescued by Josua outside of the castle Naglimund.
Simon and Binabik travel north with others. The same huntsman with his dogs falls upon them, but they are saved by Sithi, one of whom is Jiriki, the Sitha that Simon saved from the trap. The Sithi join with Simon’s quest. Together, they find the sword Thorn and awaken an ancient dragon which was guarding it. Simon wields Thorn and hits the dragon, showering himself with dragon’s blood and causing the dragon’s retreat.
And not a moment too soon to start assessing adaptation and mitigation efforts to save them.
Currently, the U.S. corporate tax accounts for only 9 percent of federal tax revenues, compared with a post-World War II high of 30 percent. Eric Toder of the Tax Policy Center estimates that eliminating corporate tax preferences could potentially save $506 billion over five years and make it possible to reduce the top corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 23 percent without loss of revenue.
Condition (b), however, is far more knotty. For what is it to intend that death result from one’s behavior? There are examples in which condition (a) is clearly met, but whether (b) is met is more problematic. For instance, does a soldier who leaps upon a live grenade tossed into a foxhole in order to save his comrades engage in suicidal behavior? Many, especially partisans of the doctrine of double effect would answer ‘no’: Despite the fact that the soldier knew his behavior would likely cause him to die, his intention was to absorb the blast so as to save the other soldiers, whereas his death was only a foreseen outcome of his action. Needless to say, whether a clear divide exists between foreseen and intended outcomes is controversial, and critics raise the worry that almost any outcome can be described as foreseen (Glover 1990, ch. 6). (It is of course possible that whether death is foreseen or intended has no bearing on whether an act counts as suicide but still bears on whether that suicide is justified.) Some would argue that given the near certainty of his dying by jumping on the grenade, his death was intended, for even though death is not the justifying aim of his action and he may prefer not to die, his dying nevertheless has his endorsement in the circumstances in which he acts (Tolhurst 1983, Cholbi 2011, 26–31). A further complication is that current psychological evidence suggests that suicide is often an ambivalent act in which individuals who wish to die must nevertheless overcome the ordinary human fear of death (Cholbi 2011, 31–34, Joiner 2010, 62–70). Given this ambivalence, it may be difficult to determine precisely whether an act that poses an apparently lethal threat to the agent who performs it was in fact an act in which death was intended. When a person dies in such circumstances, it may prove difficult whether to classify the death as resulting from suicide (i.e., intentional self-killing) or as accidental. Such cases might indicate the need for a third category besides intentional suicide and accidental death (Cholbi 2007).
I’ve got an idea, Governor. I’ll stop giving you shit about your renovations if you hire me to help you with your optics. I’ll even give you my services on the Democratic pay scale, also known as market rate. You just tell me what you are planning to do, and then I’ll tell you whether or not it looks stupid to the rest of the state. I’ll bet I can save you a whole bunch of headaches.
At an EU summit this week, the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi, is expected to raise the issue with other leaders, urging them to make a “significant investment” in the bloc’s border control agency, Frontex. Since October, in the aftermath of two disasters in which around 400 people died at sea, the Italian navy has been carrying out a €9m-a-month (£7.2m) operation in the Mediterranean aimed at intercepting rickety migrant boats before they get into trouble. Mare Nostrum (“Our Sea”) is credited by the Italian government and NGOs on the ground with having saved countless lives. But Rome is determined that it should not continue to shoulder the burden alone. On Tuesday, Renzi told parliament: “A Europe that tells the Calabrian fisherman that he must use a certain technique to catch tuna but then turns its back when there are dead bodies in the sea cannot call itself civilised.”
The ‘Flashpoint’ story arc in the comics was a massive universe altering event. The Flash went back in time to save his mother, causing a new timeline where everything had changed. The end of The Flash‘s second season saw the CW’s version of the character do the same thing, using the same ‘Flashpoint’ plot device from the comics. The timeline changing event has the potential to crossover to the other shows in the universe, possibly altering events in Arrow, Supergirl, and Legends of Tomorrow. It may change characters stories, erase events entirely, and bring characters back who have already died. With that in mind, could ‘Flashpoint’ possibly bring back Tommy Merlyn to Arrow?
When it’s recognised, this double prejudice often paves the way for a saviour complex to kick in. The problems these women face are reduced to simple stories where wider society is somehow blameless: women of colour need to be saved from “oppressive” cultures or “barbaric” men. This is a ludicrous leap to make when we all know men of any colour are capable of abusing women; ‘race’ and ethnicity have nothing to do with it. Institutional sexism and racism don’t get a mentioned.
“There is no good in most of their secret talks save (in) him who orders Sadaqah (charity in Allaah’s Cause), or Ma‘roof (Islamic Monotheism and all the good and righteous deeds which Allaah has ordained), or conciliation between mankind”
Some people stated in the presence of Sufyaan al-Thawri that they found this hadeeth strange, and Sufyaan said: Why do you find this strange? Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): “There is no good in most of their secret talks save (in) him who orders Sadaqah (charity in Allaah’s Cause), or Ma‘roof (Islamic Monotheism and all the good and righteous deeds which Allaah has ordained), or conciliation between mankind” [al-Nisa’ 4:114].
Some of the missing posts are in the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine, but many aren't. After Dave Maass raised the alarm that Yoest was covering her tracks, I tracked down a good number of the missing posts in Google's cache, as well as the Wayback Machine. A webpage in Google's cache usually disappears within days of the original webpage going offline, so they needed to be grabbed quickly. I'm presenting what I saved below.
For Kruspe, Emigrate is an outlet for his own passion, made possible because he is already a part of a successful band. He’s more than aware of the current industry difficulties, summed up recently by Gene Simmons’ controversial ‘Rock is dead’ comment. But he has his own views on where things currently stand and a still-positive outlook on where things might go from here. “I don’t think Rock will ever be dead because it’s a life statement for a lot of people, “ he declares. “But what I do realise is that the quality of records is very poor. I understand why, there’s no time, there’s no money, everything becomes a promotion tool. I said it a few years ago, people only f*ck themselves by stealing music. But I think also there is another movement coming, streaming will maybe save something. People are spending money on music at the moment, but it just has to go in the right direction. We need to go through that generation that wants to own music to the next generation that says ‘I don’t care, I just want to have it’. Then we’ll have another way of paying the artist, for people to get money again to invest in music. I wouldn’t say Rock’s dead, it’s just going through a really poor quality stage!” he jokes.
Calderón de la Barca appears in the 1998 novel The Sun over Breda, by Arturo Pérez-Reverte, which takes up the assumption that he served in the Spanish Army at Flanders and depicts him during the sack of Oudkerk by Spanish troops, helping the local librarian save books from the library in the burning town hall. Latin American author Giannina Braschi based her dramatic novel United States of Banana (2011) on Calderón de la Barca's La vida es sueño (Life Is a Dream), recasting the tragic hero Segismundo in 21st-century New York City, where his father, the King of the United States of Banana, locks him in the dungeon of the Statue of Liberty for the crime of having been born.[6]
In order to contribute to the best possible visibility during night-time driving on curving and twisting roads, the all-new XC70 can be equipped with Active Bending lights (ABL) — swiveling headlights that follow the sweeps and bends of the road. A mini-processor is used to calculate and analyze a number of parameters and optimize the light beam to suit the situation. The headlights can be swiveled up to 15 degrees in either direction. In order to save wear and tear on the system, it is automatically deactivated in daylight conditions.
Gabrielle Jones is barely four years old and she’s already saved a life.
And, while that’s remarkable enough on its own, making it even more special is the fact that the life she saved was of her baby brother Avery.
5. Bear all the shouting calmly, as Arnab isn’t really looking for an answer from you. After hollering at you for a minute, Arnab will most likely turn to someone else, with a remark like this: “Let me get across to Sankarshan. Isn’t it really strange, Sankarshan?” No one knows why he does this, but why should you complain? :D You are saved from answering the question. Sit back, relax and enjoy some whisky. (Vinod Mehta 101)
One day, when he has saved enough, Rahim says he plans to move to the other side of the fence. His expectations aren’t high for what may be in store there, but at least he will have ended his status as collateral damage of a stalemate between nation-states.
Genentech, by the way, has also irritated many hospitals by shifting distribution for Herceptin and other medications to specialty wholesalers in late 2014. At the time, the drug maker claimed the move was designed to save money, but hospitals have complained bitterly that the distribution change deprived them of standard discounts, an issue that Comanche also raises in its lawsuit.
With a prize prospect like Jahlil, the pressure is actually on the coaches. And any miscue can cost them. One coach begged Jahlil to save his job by coming to his school. (Big turnoff.) Another made disparaging remarks about his rivals. (Jahlil stopped returning his messages.) In perhaps the biggest stumble, one told Jahlil to pass along best wishes to his mom on Mother’s Day. (“Obviously, they don’t know anything about me,” Jahlil told his dad.)
What this really boils down to is my love of the Justice League Watchtower. It was first introduced by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter in their kick butt JLA series. A lot of DC fans probably first met the Watchtower in the Justice League animated series that came a few years later and took a lot of notes from this same comic run. Transportation to-and-from the Watchtower was streamlined by Boom Tubes, technology was upgraded from anything they had ever possessed in the past and it was big. The Watchtower allowed for more reserve members—more members overall—so the Justice League was capable of operating at the most highly productive rate possible. The very existence of the Watchtower allows them to save as many people as possible, as often as possible.
2.) It will be possible to post the screenshots saved in your Album section into your Play Journal.
3.) We are planning to enable the posting of screenshots saved in the Album also into the “Drawings” and “Discussion” sections. This will be implemented sometime in the near future.
Most Americans want to save for retirement, but most don't know how to start. Putting money into a savings account is ideal for short-term goals and emergency funds. But there are better investment vehicles for long-term savings. One investment vehicle that I've grown to love almost as much as much as I love In-N-Out Burger (key word: “almost”) is the Roth IRA.
This allows you to have access to your contributions at any time. That's an attractive feature for those that want to save for retirement but are worried about having to pay a penalty if they need access to the money.
I think his motivation’s changed and is changing. It obviously was the mission to D.C., and that was destroyed. Then there was a time where he was floating completely aimlessly. Now we’re into a phase where, as he said to Michonne at the cocktail party, things have worked out pretty damn good for him. He looks back and, OK, he almost killed himself. He was saved from that situation. Ultimately, he’s in a place where he sees that there’s potentially a future in Alexandria. Now the mission becomes shifting to his place in this new world. Unfortunately, his place in this new world is the same place that he had in the old world.
The bottom line is the places to find money are running out. We will need to cut back as a nation. We simply have no choice. Sure the U.S. Treasury and Fed can run the printing presses but this will do little good. The fiscal situation of most 50 states are deeply troubling. The aggregate of the 50 states is our country. You will need to prepare for a challenging few years. Simple things you can do is stay away from debt, think twice about common mainstream investing ideas, and save money. These are simple steps. Our government is still in that spending mode even though they are asking of you to be prudent.
In a major blow to Nashville Predators co-owner David Freeman, Chancellor Ellen Hobbs Lyle ordered him and the team he helped save to arbitration with the National Hockey League.
Were we to merely make a psychiatric evaluation a routine part of any first violent offense, as well as make psychiatric treatment a component of probation for those with ADHD, alcohol dependence, heroin dependence and pedophilia, we would save millions of victims from being assaulted, save millions of Americans a life of crime and save the United States many, many billions of dollars a year.
Prof Sharon Reed, from the University of California, San Diego, said: "Because auranofin has already been approved for use in humans, we can save years of expensive development.
Birkerts resists a mechanized world. There are other ways to save our souls.
Birkerts’s response is to opt out to the extent that he can. But we might also confront these challenges by encouraging a change in the terms of the search. As I see it, the task of a new Transcendentalism would be less to actively oppose digital technology or save us from it than to, as Rilke put it, “change it into ourselves,” bringing to it the same kind of transformative, sustained attention that the Transcendentalists brought to the natural world.
A new book out this week shows how Gould, the first man to make systematic use of focus groups and the first to use the term New Labour, managed not only to breathe life into Labour but also to save the Conservative Party. The account of how he did so in Philip Gould – An Unfinished Life, edited by Dennis Kavanagh, includes tributes from David Miliband, Peter Mandelson and Andrew Cooper, currently David Cameron’s director of strategy. Yet the book also chronicles what is surely the slow death of politics as we have known it and the impotence of our political leaders to halt the decline.
Gender dysphoria is real and serious. If left untreated, it can have terrible consequences, including suicide. Surgeries like the one I had are recognized as medically necessary treatment by every major medical association in America. Ensuring that transgender people get the health care they need will help save lives.
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 36 ft)
Shot on goal by Calvin de Haan saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 30 ft)
Shot on goal by Josh Bailey saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 30 ft)
Shot on goal by Calvin de Haan saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 63 ft)
Shot on goal by Frans Nielsen saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 31 ft)
Shot on goal by Frans Nielsen saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 17 ft)
Shot on goal by Thomas Hickey saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 52 ft)
Shot on goal by Shane Prince saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 26 ft)
Shot on goal by Casey Cizikas saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 45 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 17 ft)
Shot on goal by Steve Bernier saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 35 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 41 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 38 ft)
Shot on goal by Casey Cizikas saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 119 ft)
Shot on goal by Calvin de Haan saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 38 ft)
Shot on goal by Frans Nielsen saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Cal Clutterbuck saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 17 ft)
Shot on goal by Nick Leddy saved by Roberto Luongo(Slapshot 60 ft)
Shot on goal by Cal Clutterbuck saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 18 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 37 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 51 ft)
Shot on goal by Travis Hamonic saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 53 ft)
Shot on goal by Johnny Boychuk saved by Roberto Luongo(Slapshot 55 ft)
Shot on goal by John Tavares saved by Roberto Luongo(Slapshot 51 ft)
Shot on goal by Brock Nelson saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Brock Nelson saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 9 ft)
Shot on goal by Nikolay Kulemin saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 33 ft)
Shot on goal by Nikolay Kulemin saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 10 ft)
Shot on goal by Nikolay Kulemin saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 9 ft)
Shot on goal by Steve Bernier saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 10 ft)
Shot on goal by Thomas Hickey saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 77 ft)
Shot on goal by Nick Leddy saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 55 ft)
Shot on goal by Matt Martin saved by Roberto Luongo(Tip-In 12 ft)
Shot on goal by John Tavares saved by Roberto Luongo(Backhand 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Kyle Okposo saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 12 ft)
Shot on goal by John Tavares saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 48 ft)
Shot on goal by Matt Martin saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 34 ft)
Shot on goal by Brock Nelson saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 26 ft)
Shot on goal by Brock Nelson saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 28 ft)
Shot on goal by Steve Bernier saved by Roberto Luongo(Slapshot 24 ft)
Shot on goal by Matt Martin saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 41 ft)
Shot on goal by Brock Nelson saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 23 ft)
Shot on goal by Alan Quine saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 32 ft)
Shot on goal by Nick Leddy saved by Roberto Luongo(Snap 28 ft)
Shot on goal by Nick Leddy saved by Roberto Luongo(Slapshot 87 ft)
Shot on goal by Shane Prince saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 15 ft)
Shot on goal by John Tavares saved by Roberto Luongo(Wristshot 23 ft)
Shot on goal by Brian Campbell saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 55 ft)
Shot on goal by Vincent Trocheck saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 31 ft)
Shot on goal by Reilly Smith saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 33 ft)
Shot on goal by Michael Matheson saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 37 ft)
Shot on goal by Derek MacKenzie saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 44 ft)
Shot on goal by Aleksander Barkov saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 22 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Tip-In 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Jussi Jokinen saved by Thomas Greiss(Backhand 27 ft)
Shot on goal by Jussi Jokinen saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 13 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Tip-In 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Alexander Petrovic saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 46 ft)
Shot on goal by Garrett Wilson saved by Thomas Greiss(Tip-In 20 ft)
Shot on goal by Jiri Hudler saved by Thomas Greiss(Backhand 20 ft)
Shot on goal by Jiri Hudler saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 55 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 44 ft)
Shot on goal by Dmitry Kulikov saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 11 ft)
Shot on goal by Jaromir Jagr saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 40 ft)
Shot on goal by Reilly Smith saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 32 ft)
Shot on goal by Vincent Trocheck saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 44 ft)
Shot on goal by Derek MacKenzie saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 58 ft)
Shot on goal by Brian Campbell saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 56 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 45 ft)
Shot on goal by Aleksander Barkov saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 30 ft)
Shot on goal by Logan Shaw saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 33 ft)
Shot on goal by Jaromir Jagr saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 43 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 52 ft)
Shot on goal by Reilly Smith saved by Thomas Greiss(Backhand 25 ft)
Shot on goal by Logan Shaw saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 40 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 41 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 35 ft)
Shot on goal by Logan Shaw saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 10 ft)
Shot on goal by Dmitry Kulikov saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 85 ft)
Shot on goal by Aleksander Barkov saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 57 ft)
Shot on goal by Aaron Ekblad saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 19 ft)
Shot on goal by Jonathan Huberdeau saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 15 ft)
Shot on goal by Derek MacKenzie saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 34 ft)
Shot on goal by Aaron Ekblad saved by Thomas Greiss(Slapshot 60 ft)
Shot on goal by Jaromir Jagr saved by Thomas Greiss(Backhand 12 ft)
Shot on goal by Reilly Smith saved by Thomas Greiss(Snap 26 ft)
Shot on goal by Brian Campbell saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 29 ft)
Shot on goal by Logan Shaw saved by Thomas Greiss(Wristshot 7 ft)
God save us from bipartisanship.
“Back when I was in 8th grade (I’m 46 now – you do the math), I discovered military and role playing games. The first games, which I either saved up for or were given as gifts, include Dungeons and Dragons (the Basic Set), Orge, GEV, Starship Troopers, Star Fleet Battles and 88. If I remember right, 88 was available in the “Gaming Department” of a local department store at the now gone Salem Mall in Dayton, Ohio. The department included various versions of chess, including a 3 D chess clearly modeled on the game Mr. Spock played in “Star Trek”, some Avalon Hill titles and a selection of large boxed games from a company called “Yaquinto”. I distinctly remember seeing the huge flat yellow boxed 88 which featured German Africa Corp soldiers manning an 88 mm anti-tank gun on the cover. Having been raised on shows like “The Rat Patrol” and being an avid viewer of tv broadcasts of “The Desert Fox”, I had a great fondness for the North African Campaign and I remember saving up my allowance for over a month to purchase that cool looking war game. I was not disappointed. Each unit in 88 was a tank or truck or squad of infantry. I loved the tactical nature of the game and often substituted model tanks for the counters in the game. After playing 88, I had to find its brother games – Panzer and Armor. Panzer featured Russian Font battles while Armor featured the Allied campaigns to conquer Germany after D Day.
That’s commensurate with the hopes of U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. Two weeks ago at the U.N.’s General Assembly meeting, he said that he was “ever more confident” that the accord would be ratified this year. His hopes have been realized. Reacting to the the news, President Obama has said that enactment of the pact “gives us the best possible shot to save the one planet we got.” (Killer rhyme, Barack.)
Now comes the hard part. There’s still a long way to go if we’re to ensure that the planet doesn’t warm by more than the 2 °C described in the pact. The agreement is, after all, little more than a piece of paper. Now we need action by local and national governments to save us from ourselves.
Finau said people will likely save around 15 percent off their current utility bills by leasing panels.
With the aid of Peter Guagenti, Fisher obtained a .25 caliber pistol and then went out to steal a set of license plates off a neighborhood car. On May 19, 1992, Guagenti helped Fisher put the license plates on his Pontiac Firebird and then drove her to the Buttafuoco home in Massapequa, New York. Fisher later explained to the police that she had expected Guagenti to carry out the shooting, but he refused. When Mary Jo Buttafuoco answered the door, Fisher told her that Joey Buttafuoco was having an affair with Fisher's (imaginary) younger sister, providing a T-shirt advertising Buttafuoco's auto body shop for her "proof." The conversation lasted about 15 minutes, but Buttafuoco became increasingly angry with Fisher's claims. She finally told her to leave and then turned her back to return into the house. Fisher then produced the gun, struck Buttafuoco in the head with it, and then aimed at her temple and fired. Buttafuoco fell to the ground, severely wounded. Fisher dropped the shirt and the gun and ran towards the car, but Guagenti told her to take the evidence with her, so she ran back to retrieve both items and then they both fled the scene. Neighbors called 911 and came to Buttafuoco's aid. She was operated on all night, and although unable to remove the bullet, the doctors were able to save her life.[8]
Of course, Mr Bernanke allowed, the world could get into trouble if big, fast-growing economies like China decided to save huge amounts of money by buying rich-country debt, in order to depress the value of their currencies and boost their exports. If governments were interfering in the market like that then capital might not flow the right way and secular stagnation might stick around. But the way to solve that problem, he argues, is not through deficit-financed demand stimulus but by leaning on the Chinas of the world to knock it off.
Culture subservient to past iconography produces fatalism betraying the unlimited creative potential of today. The pretty little heads of Brighton Fashion Week and London Fashion Week and garb meisters around the world showcase a zeitgeist devoid of spirit; the ego all-encompassing and closed, clutching at the certainties of the rear-view mirror. And at the bus stop, if the phenomena doesn't arrive, we will start walking: we will find a way. Only t-shirts can save the world now: fatalism is not the end!
Query the current default SMS app's package name and save it. String defaultSmsApp = Telephony.Sms.getDefaultSmsPackage(context); Request the user change the default SMS app to your app in order to restore SMS messages (you must be the default SMS app in order to write to the SMS Provider). Intent intent = new Intent(context, Sms.Intents.ACTION_CHANGE_DEFAULT); intent.putExtra(Sms.Intents.EXTRA_PACKAGE_NAME, context.getPackageName()); startActivity(intent); When you finish restoring all SMS messages, request the user to change the default SMS app back to the previously selected app (saved during step 1). Intent intent = new Intent(context, Sms.Intents.ACTION_CHANGE_DEFAULT); intent.putExtra(Sms.Intents.EXTRA_PACKAGE_NAME, defaultSmsApp); startActivity(intent);
"We're not comfortable," said the 23-year-old, who wants to return to school to become a nurse but struggles to save money.
Mallozzi went on to say that he pitched a much shorter final season to Syfy to wrap up the story, which was left on a cliffhanger. Unfortunately, they weren't interested in doing that, so he's now attempting to get another network to step up to the plate and save the show.
"It is with great sadness that I confirm the news. Syfy has cancelled Dark Matter after three seasons,” he confirmed. “To say that I’m incredibly disappointed would be an understatement. I’ll save my comments and field your questions in a future blog entry. For today, I just want to extend a heartfelt thanks to my amazing crew, my wonderful cast, and to all of you, our incredible fans. You all deserved better.”
NEW DELHI: Ringing Bells , a little-known company that ran into controversy after announcing a Rs 251 'smartphone' , today claimed it will start deliveries of the handset to customers from June 28.Deliveries will start to customers who have registered for buying the phone, Noida-based company's director Mohit Goel said."We will start shipment of Freedom251 from June 28 to customers who paid for it earlier on COD (cash-on-delivery) basis," he told .Ringing Bells began selling the handset, Freedom251, via its website in February. But the launch of the smartphone, touted to be the world's cheapest, swirled into controversy, with some calling it a ponzy scheme .Also, the website of the company crashed during two-day sale due to huge response from prospective buyers. The company claimed that around 30,000 customers had booked the phone despite the glitch.The company, however, withdrew the product and refunded the payments to customers following a close scrutiny by government agencies.The company had said about 30,000 people paid for booking the phone and over 7 crore people registered for it.Later, the company said that it would deliver the phone on cash-on-delivery mode to those who placed the order.Goel said that Ringing Bells has a foolproof plan to support the price but did not disclose it.Ringing Bells president Ashok Chaddha had explained earlier that the manufacturing cost of the phone was about Rs 2,500, which had to be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.He had said that the company would make phones in India that would lead to 13.8% savings on duties and further save on cost by selling it online.The phone was to be manufactured in Noida and Uttaranchal."Two plants will be set up for Rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones. The money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.5:1)," Chaddha had said.However, industry players had expressed doubt over the claim. Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad too had asked the Department of Electronics and IT to look into the matter.The company had also come under the scanner of Excise and Income Tax Departments amid debate over the feasibility of a 3G-enabled handset for Rs 251.
And you didn’t have to be a sex worker to “qualify” to be saved by God’s representatives on Earth. By the 1870s, asylum candidates
Comedy Central’s Stephen Colbert slammed Gheen Thursday and quipped, “Lindsey Graham, save your good name by releasing a sex tape!”
“Sir, it will save your career,” Colbert said. “Because any kind of straight sex seems to be okay with the GOP. I mean, just look at Governor Mark Sanford, Senator John Ensign or Senator David Vitter, who is still in office despite being named as a client by the D.C. madam three years ago and dogged by rumors that he allegedly likes prostitutes to dress him up in diapers.”
The five-year plan was changed to allow for more money to be raised through tax increases and less money to be saved through spending cuts.
An elderly woman and her adult daughter are still in their house in Mosul. They posted on social media: “God, please save us and Mosul”. They said only they and one other family are left in their neighbourhood, all others have escaped.
The robots may be slow, clumsy and delicate but they might just save lives someday by braving dangerous disaster zones.
The Call to Arms statue is easily one of the best attempts at capturing Frank Miller's distinctive art style. This Batman is grim, gritty, and bulging with muscle and sinew. But it's the horse that takes the piece to another level. It gives the piece mass, making it easily one of DC's larger Batman statues. And it tells a story of Batman charging into battle and rallying an army to save a powerless Gotham City.
"There was no time for me to think or be scared, the fastest thing I could do was save lives," Mr Liu told the local Hangzhou Daily.
We will be followed by Generation Z, the generation that my sister belongs to as well as the generation that hopefully my generation can save before they fall into the same trap that we did.
The Baby Boomers and Generation X failed to save up for retirement and are now being forced to not only try and stay in the job market [even inspiring such programs as Florida’s “Experience Works“] but to actively keep others out of it. The result of this is an entire generation being forced to try and combat 40+ years of work experience with a mere degree and perhaps a certification or two. When faced with a choice between the two, you are often told that the only way you even have a chance of getting a job would be to spend time working for an internship and praying that they will hire you after the internship expires.
Good editors, he continues, are "gatekeepers" who find and guide new talent. "The world is changing, I will admit. I am old enough and now very well established so the changes don't affect me so much. But with the rise of the internet and self-publishing, we are seeing people who are trying to reach the readers directly and bypass traditional publishing and bypass the editors. It is really too early to tell where that will lead but I am not necessarily sure it will lead to a good place. I do think the function of editors as gatekeepers is a valuable and worthy function – they do save us from reading a lot of crap!"
But in the end it was the bear who ended up fighting for his life after police shot it in order to save the life of the uninvited intruder into his enclosure.
Finn was not so lucky. As his massive jaws – capable of crushing steel – and eight-inch fangs that can rip flesh like paper sank into his prey, police had to act fast to save the life of his prey.
Even so, Norway was ready to unleash a real storm in the dying seconds. First Mats Zuccarello came charging over the blue line, but Markstrom produced a glove save to win that duel and send Norway to the bench for a time-out. And the tactical rethink paid off: Jonas Holos shot from the blue line and Andreas Martinsen slammed his stick down on the slot to deflect the puck into the net to leave the Swedes with an an anxious 90 seconds to navigate.
Doctor Who - The Fourth Doctor Adventures: The Beast of Kravenos is available from today on Download and CD for £8.99 and £10.99 respectively - or you can save money through subscribing to the whole series of nine stories for £65 or £75. Announced just before Christmas is a seventh run of adventures for Tom Baker as the Fourth Doctor, available in two four-story boxed sets which can be subscribed to for £40 or £45 depending on format.
open index.tmpl replace ("fname" => "Foo", "lname" => "Bar").hash save index.html
open index.tmpl replace ("fname" => "Foo", "lname" => "Bar").hash save index.html
open index.tmpl replace ("fname" => "Foo", "lname" => "Bar").hash save index.html open from.tmpl replace ("fname" => "Foo", "lname" => "Bar").hash save to.html
Although Git experts can of course deal with such situations, the remedy proposed by Cueball is "save your work elsewhere, delete the project, and download a fresh copy". That is, to copy the files out of their local repository's working directory, delete that whole structure, then clone the remote repository again (and, implicitly, copy the saved work back again):
# Copy saved work cp /tmp/myproject/* .
[Cueball points to a computer on a desk while Ponytail and Hairy are standing further away behind an office chair.] Cueball: This is git. It tracks collaborative work on projects through a beautiful distributed graph theory tree model. Ponytail: Cool. How do we use it? Cueball: No idea. Just memorize these shell commands and type them to sync up. If you get errors, save your work elsewhere, delete the project, and download a fresh copy.
Candidate Obama was right. Eventually he saved that entire company and more than 1 million auto jobs. But he could not reverse a corporate decision made well before he took office.
The Walking Dead is known for its tough moral choices. In Season One, it was an adult making them. Now, you have this child who could potentially decide who lives and who dies, or who might have to chop somebody's leg off with an axe to save them from the walkers. How is that going to work with Clem, and how will that affect her character?
It's funny. I feel like even in the booth with her recording lines, you feel oddly protective of her as she's recording. It's really weird to be able to, you're sitting there focusing on a line, and you hear Clementine, and you just want to save her. Then you look over and it's Melissa sitting there with headphones. “Oh, yeah, everything's fine.”
Sam Dyson pitched a perfect eighth with help from two strong defensive plays by Andrus, and closer Shawn Tolleson did the same in the ninth for his 35th save in 37 chances.
Like most other recipes, save for Smith's, the batter is left to rest for 15 minutes before use, which the Leith's Meat Bible helpfully explains allows the starch cells in the flour to swell, which apparently makes for a lighter end product. Smith says she's never found that it makes a difference, but as far as I'm concerned, the results speak for themselves: the toad don't lie.
My second retirement revelation is the desire to stop letting money dictate my choices. No, I am not independently wealthy and don't expect a huge windfall in my lifetime but I also don't want the race for the paycheck to be the only consideration for the choices I make as I age. I am saving money for a future that may look different than today. Kathy at smartliving365 shows how "right sizing" your life can save you real dollars and allows you more freedom to pursue other interests. I found her discussion meaningful because Kathy and her husband not only cut expenses but in the process of right sizing was able to align their life more closely to their values. It was a win-win all around.
“The danger is allowing right-wing people to sell it in bookshops with their modern commentary,” he said. “This is forbidden and it’s good . . . not only in Germany, this should be equal in other countries in Europe. Anti-Semitism is not confined to Germany. You look and it’s all around Europe, dating back to the Middle Ages.”
One company that tracks regulations is Cannabiz Media, which publishes the “Marijuana Licensing Reference Guide.” It recently posted a list of what it describes as the “10 weirdest marijuana laws.” For example, in Nevada and Oregon, signage for businesses that sell pot is regulated down to the font size and even font style. Connecticut bans the uses of illuminated signs while Washington, DC, makes it a point to outlaw the sale of pot at gasoline stations or auto repair shops.
The famous Ultraglow Magic Lips, £20.42, are also still around (remember the lip stains that came in black, red and green and changed to your personal shade of pink when applied?) and sell like hot cakes on the internet.
But, it isn’t me saying this, it is an immigration lawyer whose livelihood depends on more immigration just as a used car salesman looking for refugees to sell to (not disparaging used car salesmen!) does, or a nursing home owner who is trying to get workers at the cheapest hourly wage he can get!
It is later revealed that Grendel killed Bobby Black and Johnny Crunch, as he considered them both greedy and stupid because they wanted more money for their involvement in pirating CD's to sell to the highest bidder, making the music industry corrupt. However, Fairlane kills Grendel by setting him on fire with a flammable milk shake. Jazz leaves Fairlane, knowing how ungrateful he is for everything that has happened. Smiley shows up and plans to kill Ford, but not before revealing that he killed his young neighbor's [the Kid's] father. Ford distracts him and kills Smiley with a sleeve pistol. Jazz and Ford decide to reconcile, while the Kid decides to join their detective agency. Ford wins a million dollar lottery and buys a yacht, ending the film.
The views may be pleasantly apocalyptic, and the second act may feature a motorbike duel with a robot B52, but it's the little things that really sell me on Gears of War 4 - the surprisingly delicate way it both harkens back to and departs from Epic's original cover-shooters. The fact that Swarm footsoldiers rush you when they're close to death, for example, where their Locust predecessors would often dig in till the bitter end. The presence of branching path sections that ask teams of two to support one another across a gulf, a classic Gears device enlivened by the addition of flying enemies and eccentric new flavours of sniper rifle.
Little by little, the regional government has sold off some of the buildings; some have been converted into student housing and a youth hostel. At the same time, serious structural problems have emerged, revealing the poor quality of the buildings: as a consequence, no-one wants to invest in them. The potential for regenerating the deprived Lingotto area has been squandered. Four buildings were sold off to a private holding (35% owned by the city, the rest by Pirelli and the Intesa San Paolo bank) and left empty for seven years.
This is where the diet industry flourishes. By taking advantage of the public's desire for practical health information, so-called "experts" sell us everything from juicers to supplements, convincing us the whole time we'll live forever thanks to their advice. It shouldn't work, but it does. Beth Skwarecki, a science writer and educator, explains why:
Why this causes confusion: Truth and falsehoods are both presented this way. “Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy if you are deficient!” Well, yeah. That's actually true. “Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy!” Sounds similar, but it's not the same, and it's not true in most cases. Then you can substitute various other chemicals or superfoods for the word "vitamins" in that sentence. True claims and misleading ones sound very similar. People selling diets or exercise programs will latch on to true things that help them sell their product; they'll also latch onto false ones. Just look at Dr. Oz: plenty of what he's pushing is true, but lots of it isn't, or is misleading. Which is which? I don't know that he cares. He just needs a steady stream of things to endorse.
It's not just companies that do this though. Individuals with a message to sell also do it. Skwarecki's article, Why It's So Easy to Believe Our Food is Toxic, is an exceptional case study in this. She explains how "experts" take good premises—like the need to take your health in your own hands and be critical of the things you eat and buy—and go off the rails when the sales pitch gets involved. She calls out nutrition gurus and health "experts" you've likely seen reposted on Facebook, like Vani Hari (aka The Food Babe,) and Joseph Mercola, among others, who thrive on obfuscating nutrition so much that the only clear thing they do suggest is that you should buy their books, sponsored foods, and DVDs.
The big lessons here though are ones you probably knew already: Eat smart, cook your own food, and think critically when someone tries to sell you a diet or lifestyle. Think just as critically when someone is trying to sell you fear, uncertainty, and doubt. Do your own research, challenge your confirmation bias, and be willing to change your mind as new evidence arises (don't fall for the "I've done this my whole life and I'm fine" excuse.) Finally, and most importantly, remember that what works for you may not work for someone else. Nutrition is never a one-size-fits-all science.
Kingsway was originally built as a second world war air-raid shelter under Chancery Lane. These deep level shelters were, at one time, connected to the Tube and citizens would have undoubtedly taken refuge here during Luftwaffe bombing runs. In 1949 the tunnels were sold to the General Post Office where they became the termination for the first submarine transatlantic phone cable – the £120m TAT1 project. The system, meant to protect the vital connective tissue of the city in the event of terror-from-the-air (including nuclear attack), stretched for miles. It only had three surface entrances and contained a bar for workers on their off-hours, rumoured to be the deepest in the UK at 60m below the street. Although the government employed a host of people to maintain the tunnels, Kingsway was a spatial secret of state - part a trio of the most secure and sensitive telephone exchanges in Britain, along with the Anchor Exchange in Birmingham and the Guardian Exchange in Manchester.
Though it has only been out since April 2007, it has already been sold in 26 foreign countries and won several awards.
"Hopefully it's not a hard sell but I imagine what will happen is there's probably bigger priorities they're trying to get at the moment and I'll fall through after that."
The line includes four flavors — vanilla, chocolate, mint chocolate chip and mocha fudge — and can be found at all Kroger stores in Dallas and Houston. It's also being sold in Denver, Omaha and Des Moines.
2. They sell the loan into securization
4, Then the whole bundle is divided into dozens if not hundreds of pieces and sold to investors.
In particular, Frank believes that Bernie Sanders’s primary campaign helped Trump’s portrayal of himself as a populist succeed in the fall. “Sanders wounded her badly,” Frank said, referring to Hillary Clinton. “His differing with her on the issues was entirely reasonable, but he’s the one who sold the argument that she was corrupt and bought by Wall Street. He had one ad which I called McCarthyite—where he essentially said Goldman Sachs got off so easy because they paid Clinton for speeches. Sanders helped Trump become the guy who says we are tired of rich guys getting away with everything. Sanders helped persuade people that she is on the wrong side of that issue.” Then, too, of course, there were the e-mails and the last-minute intervention of James Comey, the F.B.I. director. “If she hadn’t been using that e-mail system, she would have won, and Comey exacerbated the problem,” Frank said.
"I think the legal market of suppliers sell to the legal users, that they potentially on-sell them to the illegal market," he said.
"They worked out he'd sold several hundred cartons of fireworks per year, just as a one person driving around in a van making a lot of cash on the side."
"In actual fact, he had a licence to use pyrotechnics but he would buy them and not use them, he would buy them and sell them, which is illegal because you need a licence to sell."
"We take a lot of time and energy to make sure as an industry that we are safe with storage, handling, using, transporting and then the fact that then anyone can then buy them or sell them online and the general public is then using fireworks," Mr Howard said.
Since January, Ayds has been marketed in Britain as Aydslim. If sales show signs of recovery, the appetite-suppressant candy may be sold in the United States under that name later this year, Mr. Berglass said.
As for my childhood to college life, I have so many things to share some of which was mentioned in a recent post on this blog. Today’s post is about some of those great old brands and products that have been part of our lives during the 70s and 80s. Of course, some of them are still being produced and sold but have transformed for good while many of them have been discontinued. Here are the things that I am talking about:
There were final shows Friday and Saturday from Jefferies, the budding Australian superstar whose career arc exemplified Lakeshore's strategy of building an audience for cutting-edge artists. His first show at the theater did $198 in box office in November 2007, and a lot of tickets were given away; his last ones sold out, four shows, some $6,000 per show.
The island contains two villages: Savoonga and Gambell. The two villages were given title to most of the land on St. Lawrence Island by the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act in 1971. As a result of having title to the land, the Yupik are legally able to sell the fossilized ivory and other artifacts found on St. Lawrence Island.
This is not helped by reports that some atheists repurpose religious apps to fight about belief; in 2013, for example, The Washington Post reported that a regular free Bible app had gained an unusual following among nonbelievers. Another atheist has made money off of a Bible app he sells to Spanish believers. One diabolical-sounding atheist said he used a Bible app every night to “engage believers in verse-on-verse debates via Twitter.”
For those who don’t have their own jets, there’s Blade, which first launched private plane service to five camps last summer. This summer, they have expanded to 20 top camps in the Upper New York region, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Maine. One-way seats cost $425 to $525, according to Blade general manager Evan Licht, who says they’ve already sold out of certain flights.
Regeni’s particular area of research was a nascent independent union of street vendors, a large group that was difficult to control and a cause of considerable concern to the government. Egypt has an estimated five million street vendors, who sell everything from snacks and drinks to cheap clothes and kitchen utensils. In a country of 80 to 90 million people, as many as a quarter of Egyptian families depend to some degree on the income of a street vendor.
French shop run by Muslim convert refused to sell merchandise to women on weekdays
By the 1980s, planning blight had affected the area and many of the houses had become home to a community of artists and squatters. Eventually, contractors were appointed to carry out the work and a compulsory purchase of property along the proposed route was undertaken. In March 1993, in preparation for the construction of the road, the Earl of Caithness, then the Minister of State for Transport, estimated that there would be 263 properties scheduled for demolition, displacing 550 people, of which he estimated 172 were seeking rehousing. Several original residents, who had in some cases lived in their homes all their lives, refused to sell or move out of their properties.
The company has not yet started to sell tickets for those flights. "We don't know yet what exactly we're going to charge," he said, but suggested Blue Origin would charge a price similar to Virgin Galactic, which is offering seats on its SpaceShipTwo suborbital vehicle for between $250,000 and $300,000 a person. "We're going to be in the same range, to start with, and then keep working over time to make it cheaper."
TC: When I’m in a hopeful mood, I see this as a pendulum swinging from one extreme to another and coming towards the middle. The old extreme was the Bush way of doing things. Republican leaders told the base they were doing something conservative, and then they’d do something like prescription drugs and sell it to the base as a tactical move to get reelected. That was basically a lie the Republican leadership told the base.
EK: When I came to Washington in the mid-2000s the conventional wisdom was that Republicans had this follow-the-leader approach to politics and Democrats, in the old Will Rogers line, weren’t even an organized party. Now it seems to have flipped. Democrats are comfortable following their leaders, and Republicans seem not just disorganized, but actively suspicious of anything their leaders come up with. It seems sometimes that the way the Tea Party shows it hasn’t sold out is to almost reflexively oppose what [House Majority Leader John] Boehner comes up with.
Key point – Exaggerate and sell the initial round kick chamber to force a check.
#3. Elbows Notice how small his movements are when he throws his elbow strikes. When timed properly, elbows do enough damage without the need to dedicate your entire body weight and mortgage behind the shot. You unnecessarily risk losing balance if you over commit. Rear Cross Elbow Watch how he steps out at a 45 degree angle with his lead foot. This allows the elbow to travel in a wider arc and build more momentum which will create a more powerful blow. Most people make the mistake of stepping straight forward when throwing the elbow which limits the strike’s power. Key point – Step out at 45 degrees. Countering Knee With Up-Elbow Watch how he waits for Pakorn to commit to the knee before stepping in with his own elbow counter. This strike is best thrown as a counter against your opponent’s movement. Key point – He doesn’t just blindly throw the strike hoping it will hit. Countering Hook With Up-Elbow Key point – Reach out and meet the punch to prevent your opponent locking on a collar tie. #4. The Clinch Fuck clinching with Saenchai. Ever. Duck under A powerful position to obtain. This essentially turns your opponent into your bitch. Notice how Saenchai blocks Pakorn’s elbow after clearing the arm to avoid being struck by it? Ensure you also pull your opponent at a downward 45 degree angle to break their balance. Key point – block the elbow and take a big step with your rear knee to load up the strike. Cross face As your opponent reaches to collar tie you, duck under their arm and push their face in the opposite direction to lock out their arm and completely fuck with their body’s mechanics. It’s essential to pull this move off quickly to avoid being countered as you do it. Key point – do it fast. Body head knee combo This isn’t related to clinch, but it’s a wicked combination I wanted to share. Key point – Exaggerate the duck down as you throw the overhand to sell it like a body shot, this will help lower your opponent’s guard and increase your chances of putting him to bed. (Thank you to Yokkao for putting this seminar together and allowing me to film. To all the Pakorn fans wondering why I left him out, it’s because he didn’t do any teaching. He’s still a legend in his own right, he just didn’t have any relevance to this article!) Bonus Saenchai Technique Breakdown Video
By May, four studios remained interested in the project: DreamWorks, Warner Bros., Sony, and Universal.[42] The Lovely Bones was sold to DreamWorks for $70 million.[43] Paramount Pictures received the rights to distribute the film worldwide. Production began in October 2007 in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania and New Zealand.[5][44] Shooting in parts of Delaware, Chester and Montgomery counties, including Hatfield,[45] Ridley Township, Phoenixville, Royersford, Malvern and East Fallowfield,[46] lasted a few weeks, and most of the studio shooting was done in New Zealand.[39]
There is also a strategic level diplomacy, which takes place during the war over some particular shard. It is possible that some other Masters also chose this shard as their target during their turn, and in this case, diplomacy becomes a powerful tool of survival. Instead of fighting the war on two or more fronts, we can negotiate with some of our adversaries and convince them to leave this shard for good. We can also sign a trade agreement with other Masters and sell or buy resources.
He got the virtual sword at an auction to celebrate the launch of a highly anticipated game called Age of Wulin. Set in ancient China, the players would be able to ramble through a beautifully detailed world crouching the tiger and hiding the dragon. Other items sold include a sheath for Hook of Departure—sold for $1,600—and a Lordly Spear Sheath—sold for $2,500.
Oh, and we'll also need a robust economic simulation, please. What's the point of killing people and stealing their stuff if that stuff can't be sold at port? That leads to profit, so there need to be ways of upgrading ships and buying whole new ones with those profits, as well as managing the crew. Maybe something abstract for the bulk of yer maties, but if the officers could be BioWare-style companions with their own dark secrets to uncover and loyalty missions to undertake that'd be swell.
Here's a game we can probably agree is a good one: Sid Meier's Pirates! It doesn't tick every box on that list but it's close. It encompasses a stretch of the Caribbean and Spanish Main so big you need turbo mode to cross it, there are ships full of Spanish gold to take (and Dutch gold, French gold, and English gold), and you can buy low and sell high profitably enough that you don't even need to turn to piracy if you're boring. On the other hand its dueling is pretty simplistic and depending which version you play there might be a divisive ballroom dancing minigame in there as well.
The Parrot Company refuses to reveal sales figures, but leading industry website sUAS News claims 500,000 have been sold worldwide since it was first launched in 2010.
Their investigation was led by Detective Chief Inspector Gordon Mutch of the Greater Manchester Police (GMP), "astonishingly ... the only person ever charged with a criminal offence in connection with the Manchester bomb". The van's last registered owner told police that he had sold it to a dealer in Peterborough, who had in turn sold the van on to a man calling himself Tom Fox, two weeks before the bombing. After the purchase price was delivered in cash by a taxi driver, the dealer was instructed to take the van to a nearby lorry park, and leave it there with the keys and documents hidden inside.
I have added about 20 more computers sitting in the racks and under the work benches now. I seem to be constantly purchasing more and more stuff… just can’t seem to pass up a good Craigslist deal. Just today I purchased 2 – Dell 22″ monitors (P2210t’s) for $60 each and a Dell 2007 Ultrasharp for $15 (which replaces the one we just sold today).
, Wintris, registered in the British Virgin Islands, that stood to benefit from bailout negotiations in which he was involved with big banks, although it's not clear whether he personally benefited financially. UK Prime Minister David Cameron's father owned an offshore holdings company in Panama in which the prime minister also once had shares and sold before becoming prime minister in 2010.
in Panama in which the prime minister also once had shares and sold before becoming prime minister in 2010. There is a multimillion-dollar network of offshore companies surrounding Vladimir Putin and his closest friends that, although not directly linked to Putin by name, connects the Russian president to secret and questionable loans and investments in Russian monopolies.
Should Celtic sell Stefan Johansen this summer?
The first time Herb Hyman spoke with the rep from Starbucks, in 1991, the life of his small business flashed before his eyes. For three decades, Hyman’s handful of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf stores had been filling the caffeine needs of Los Angeles locals and the Hollywood elite: Johnny Carson had his own blend there; Jacques Cousteau arranged to have Hyman’s coffee care packages meet his ship at ports around the world; and Dirty Dozen leading man Lee Marvin often worked behind the counter with Hyman for fun. But when the word came down that the rising Seattle coffee juggernaut was plotting its raid on Los Angeles, Hyman feared his life’s work would be trampled underfoot. Starbucks even promised as much. “They just flat-out said, ‘If you don’t sell out to us, we’re going to surround your stores,’ ” Hyman recalled. “And lo and behold, that’s what happened—and it was the best thing that ever happened to us.”
Web filtering is a magical solution to all the world's problems. Simply by stopping people (particularly children, but also library patrons) reaching the wrong website you can prevent sexual depravity bringing about the fall of modern civilisation, and prevent terrorism. Companies including Impero, Future Digital, and Securus sell "anti-radicalisation software" which prevents children reading about Islamist terrorism'.[32] According to online security company Akamai, British law requires schools and universities to consider the use of such software.[33] Whether Akamai is an unbiased source of legal advice is for you to judge.
Google's most recent Nexus devices, on the other hand, have all included built-in support for the feature—the Nexus 4, Nexus 5, and 2013 Nexus 7 all support wireless charging. While any charging pad that supports the Qi (pronounced "chee") standard will work with them, as of last week Google will sell you its own Nexus-branded charger to match. This is actually the second Nexus charger that Google has made, after the now-discontinued (and somewhat problematic) Nexus 4 wireless charger. Google sent us one of the new chargers, and we put it through its paces to see if it's worth the $50.
Toward the end of 2006, Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility — "a national non-profit alliance of local, state and federal scientists, law enforcement officers, land managers and other professionals dedicated to upholding environmental laws and values" — charged the National Park Service with stalling on a promised review of a creationist book sold at the bookstores at Grand Canyon National Park. Although the park's bookstores are operated by a separate non-profit organization, the Grand Canyon Association, the National Park Service is responsible for approving the items that are sold there. In August 2003, the NPS approved the sale of Grand Canyon: A Different View , edited by Tom Vail and published by Master Books, the publishing arm of the Institute for Creation Research. A Different View expounds a young-earth creationist view of the geology of the canyon, and proclaims, "all contributions have been peer-reviewed to ensure a consistent and biblical perspective." In his review of the book ( RNCSE 2004 Jan/Feb; 24 [1]: 33-6), the geologist Wilfred Elders described it as "'Exhibit A' of a new, slick strategy by biblical literalists to proselytize using a beautifully illustrated, multi-authored book about a spectacular and world-famous geological feature," adding, "Allowing the sale of this book within the National Park was unfortunate. In the minds of some buyers, this could imply NPS approval of young-earth creationists and their religious proselytizing."
In US national security circles, that term evokes the idea of using the NSC to perform secret or sensitive operations as a backchannel around both Congress, which does not review the NSC, and agencies such as the CIA which would be likely to object. The issue arose during the Iran-contra scandal, when marine lieutenant colonel Oliver North, an NSC official in Ronald Reagan’s White House, sold Iran weapons to fund anti-communist guerrillas in Nicaragua against Congress’s express orders.
What is RobotAppStore? We'll break it down for you: it's a store, that sells apps, for robots. You can buy (or download for free) apps for a variety of consumer robots (Naos, Pleos, Roombas, Lego NXT kits, and more), each of which has been checked out by RobotAppStore itself to make sure it won't cause your hardware to explode. On the other end, developers can sell apps through the store, keeping 70 percent of whatever their apps bring in.
"It was sold as cutbacks," said Mr Windsor.
The rich benefit from higher stock prices as the profits of their pet corporations rise,. When they sell off the stock, they only pay at the low capital gains tax rates.
The US Chamber of Commerce and many of the anti-American corporations it represents are begging congress to enact a one-time repatriation with at 5% tax rate. Their web site is the patriotic WinAmerica, with a lovely picture of working Americans, you know, the people expected to make shared sacrifices. That is a tough sell in light of the howling about the debt ceiling. Even our corrupt elected representatives are having trouble saying that this is a jobs measure, when we know from recent experience that it is just a devious way to give more money to the rich, and increase their leverage over US workers at the same time.
He describes The Hateful Eight as “a claustrophobic snow Western”—a chamber piece, like Reservoir Dogs or The Iceman Cometh, but set in the wintry post–Civil War 1800s. It’s about a bounty hunter (Kurt Russell) escorting a prisoner (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to justice, only to be diverted into Tarantino-land—a.k.a. a tavern of sorts called Minnie’s Haberdashery, which doesn’t sell hats—where six other men are waiting out a snowstorm, and nobody’s who they say they are. It also stars Sam Jackson and Michael Madsen and Bruce Dern; everyone wears giant furs. “I think it could be my best movie,” Tarantino says. “If not, at least in my top four.” Which is a hilarious qualiﬁer, since he’s only made eight. People count Tarantino movies because he’s maintained for a while now that he’s only making ten. Maybe not even ten. “If ﬁlm projection goes the way of the dodo bird, well, then, maybe I might not even get to ten,” he says.
Workers would win the “right to own” their employers under a Labour government. In a speech to Co-operative UK in Manchester today, John McDonnell promised legislation to give employees first rights on buying out a company that is being dissolved, sold or floated on the stock exchange.
LEEDS The Yorkshire club has history, a huge fan base and owners who would sell at the drop of a hat. Red Bull Leeds United? Why not?
In 1998, the Spice Girls had sold 45 million records worldwide. Their first five singles had each reached #1 in the UK. The previous year, they were the most played artist on American radio—and won Favorite Pop Group at the American Music Awards. Yet, later that year, Geri Halliwell split from the group. Sales foundered. Lawsuits abounded. The Spice World had shattered. As an influence, we can see here the entire story of the Class of 2006. The second wave British invasion. The immersive, transmedia storytelling. The embrace of classic tropes (Scary, Sporty, Ginger)—and their aggressive subversion (Posh, Baby). The moral ambiguity—who do you think you are? The tragic, unexpected ending: what is Halliwell’s departure besides the Red Wedding of pop? The void left by their absence—a vacuum that only another massive, commercially-viable, magic-laced fantasy could fill.
“Frankly, that’s their best moment of the day, when they can get on the floor and practice and they’ll forget about — for that period of time — what’s going on,” Grossman said. “It weighs on everybody’s minds. It weighs on the coaches’ minds, I’m sure on the players’ minds, you have to reassure them that everything’s going to be OK and whatnot. The saddest part is Coach works all of his life to build a program on his own reputation and you sell it to recruits and they, of course, do their due diligence … come for a campus visit, check out the coaches, this and that and up until this moment, it’s been just flawless under his leadership. Now, you’ve got this taking place and it’s just highly disruptive to the recruiting process.
Of all the billionaires that come and go on the Forbes China Rich List, Liu Yiqian is certainly the one with the biggest appetite for art. Liu, who ranked No. 220 with a net worth of $ 1 billion, yesterday bought a 600-year-old imperial embroidered Tibetan tapestry at a Christie’s auction for $ 348 million Hong Kong dollars ($ 45 million), setting a record for any Chinese works of art sold by an international auction house.
Pat came the reply: "Hitler rakh lete jee, toh Hinduon ko bhi thand par jaati. (They should have named him "Hitler" instead, so that even Hindus would have liked it). Because the (right wing) Hindus are so fond of Hitler. It's only in India that Hitler's books sell like hot cakes."
White has already made history, in more ways than one. The Democratic lawyer served three terms in the Missouri House of Representatives. He became the first African-American to sit on the state Supreme Court, sworn in at a courthouse where slaves were once sold on the steps. And 14 years ago, White suffered a rare defeat on the U.S. Senate floor in his bid to become a federal judge.
They are raking in tens of thousands of pounds from operations while inside jails. With a captive market, they can charge fellow inmates more for drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine than they can sell them for on the outside. In some cases, heroin is 10 times dearer inside prisons than out on the streets. Dealers are deliberately setting out to get caught for ­relatively minor offences they know will result in a three-month jail term. Having already set up bank accounts, they smuggle mobile phones into the prison. Drug-using inmates then call friends and relatives with the account details so they can make cash deposits into the dealer’s bank.
So will there be a sedan? Hollerweger suggested not: “we have to think of where we want to sell cars, and what is expected there. The potential in China and the U.S. for RS models is getting us thinking about body styles that may work there—maybe a hatchback, like the RS7.”
With a Sportback four-door version of the current S5 having already been sold in certain markets, that sounds like a pretty broad hint that we’re likely to get an RS5 Sportback rather than an RS4. RS4 Avant or RS5 Sportback, we’ll take Audi’s maximum A4 however we can get it.
Two Michigan state senators are pushing a bill to allow pharmacies to sell medical marijuana—if the federal government approves—the Detroit Free Press reported last week.
In between, of course, the administration sold them some lovely missiles at a decent price. Even if you don't believe that William Casey jacked around with the mullahs during the 1980 campaign—And I do believe that he did—there's no question that Ronald Reagan was in business with Iran almost from the moment he first sat down in the Oval Office, and a helluva lot more business than Barack Obama ever thought of doing. And it all proceeded from the release of the hostages in 1981.
Nigel Aviles, who sells e-cigarettes at Record Revolution in Cleveland Heights, rolls his eyes when he hears the new rules.
Reportedly, Brazil has become South America’s largest net exporter of drugs to Africa. However, in recent years African traffickers have begun to produce methamphetamines and have muscled in on their Latin counterparts, wresting an increasingly large portion over the drug smuggling business. The Africans ship cocaine by sea and have assumed international control over cocaine exports as far away as the Brazilian city of SÃ£o Paulo. Brazilian drug traffickers, meanwhile, are left with the domestic side of the business and are forced to sell coke to locals.
THEY spend hours wearing orange makeup and rigid smiles, trying to sell over-hyped items to viewers.
"We facilitate trade decisions; [for instance if] Australia wants to sell a crop to somewhere in south-east Asia, they want to buy it so long as it's free of diseases X or Y or pest Z," Mr Gillespie said.
"We have sold out our season tickets for the last two season and we anticipate that this will be the third year in a row that you will not be able to buy a ticket once our season begins in November," Larrañaga said. "We encourage all of our season ticket holders to be sure they sign up now -- don't wait, because there won't be any available soon."
After dropping hints for months, Amazon is finally releasing the Amazon Fire TV Stick in Germany, Austria, and the UK. Pre-orders are now live for all three countries, and the device will be released on April 15th. The Fire TV Stick will sell for £35 in the UK and 39 EUR in Germany and Austria. Just like the Stick’s US launch, Prime members can pre-order the device now at a discounted price. Existing Prime members in the UK will pay just £19 and German Prime members will pay just 19 EUR if they place their order in the next 2 days. What’s different from the US release is the availability of an even better price for new Prime members. If you sign up for a new Prime membership, you can pre-order the Fire TV Stick for just £7 in the UK and 7 EUR in in Germany and Austria. Amazon will be enforcing that new Prime members pay their membership fee before receiving the initial discount. New Prime members will not receive the additional discount if they cancel their membership after the free 30 day trial ends.
Armed with qualifications in mechanical engineering, business and finance, and experience of running engineering and CRM businesses, Martin founded a successful CRM (Customer Relationship Management) software house in 1992, supplying systems to large, medium and small sized companies. Developing a deep understanding of the value of data, he became concerned that many organisations were making decisions based on poor quality data. To fill this gap in the market, he sold the CRM Company and started DQ Global in 2002 to provide data quality solutions, with a mission to detect, correct and prevent data defects which undermine business decisions. Since then, DQ Global has become a global market leader, delivering enterprise-wide data solutions utilising leading edge technology. Martin has gained a wealth of knowledge and experience and has established himself as a Data Quality Improvement Evangelist and an industry expert.
O’Leary knows nothing about public service. Born to the silver spoon, he was a Clongowes Wood College boy and a student at Trinity College Dublin where he lived in a family-owned apartment before he began his private business enterprises. O’Leary was a poor financial adviser to Ryanair founder Tony Ryan, advising him to close the airline, or else sell it to Aer Lingus.
While the NIV has faced a few minor revisions (NIVR, and TNIV), they didn’t take on as widely. In 2011 the NIV received a full makeover that is definitely here to stay in the mainstream. Continuing to update the translation to be current with contemporary English usage, the committee also incorporated a greater degree of gender inclusive language. The NIV 2011 will likely continue to be one of the most widely sold and used English translations.
The bulk of Jacobs’ pay last year came from stock options. He exercised 1.8 million shares at strike prices ranging from roughly $37 to $45 per share. He immediately sold the shares for about $73 to $79 each, pocketing the difference.
California pays recycling companies about $10 per monitor to haul away these old school TVs. Typically, they're moved to processing facilities where they can bet stripped of copper, plastic, and circuit boards. The recycling companies can sell all of this waste, but that still leaves the leaded glass in the CRTs. And getting rid of that costs money. So, instead, companies simply store the old monitors or glass in warehouses – warehouses that are increasingly being abandoned.
The two objectives are linked, since China expects that the bilateral trade will grow if it invests in Latin American infrastructure. This strategy has also been used to bolster China’s economic relations with countries in Europe, Asia, and Africa. Railways, roadways, ports, and airports have been built or revamped to enable Beijing to buy raw materials and sell its manufactures around the world more cheaply and easily.
It isn’t that the setlists or jams see enormous variation or surprise, or that the expected theatrics – gnarly stage setup, titillating visuals, Les Claypool’s twisted-wiseacre monologues – are all that fresh each and every time. No, what brings you back to Primus – what sells out a show like this typically galvanizing night at the Capitol Theater – is the depth of the experience.
“It’s been demonstrated many, many times before that sellers are usually smarter than the buyers, and they usually know when the best time to sell is, and Facebook is doing it,” he said.
Fortunately, Microsoft sells replacement covers. Not here, in the United States, of course, but I was able to order a delightfully retro Lumia cyan-colored case from Alibaba to replace it. (It hasn’t arrived yet, and I’m not ready to recommend this option to potential US-based buyers.)
Of course, most 535 buyers are coming at this device from a different worldview. It’s either their first smart phone, or they’re moving to the 535 from a previous device that wasn’t as full-featured. And aside from all the hardware niceties available here, it’s worth remembering that it features all of the latest Windows Phone features—Cortana, Skype, Office, OneDrive, and Lumia exclusive apps—plus some neat camera functionality, especially with the front-facing selfie camera, and is both expandable and customizable. And Microsoft sells a number of colorful accessories that can complement this purchase. There really is a lot of value here.
Indeed, the only entities to ever benefit from war are the individuals who hide behind warring institutions and the legal formalities that enshrine them. Those who control the military industrial complex and the private companies that support it have arranged things so that, by design, no matter how the national fervor plays out, no matter what happens or which side ‘wins’, they still prosper one way or the other, and have the protection of their own domestic laws. But, as President Jimmy Carter so rightly pointed out, America cannot be both the world’s champion of peace and the world’s major supplier of weapons. So, with war institutionalized and sold to the public as a legal instrument of peace, it was inevitable we would find ourselves in the perpetual — and hypocritical — cycle of war and conflict we see today.
Notice that it’s the sausage maker who becomes the villain, when of course it’s us, the eaters, who are demanding fresh sausage. And this happens all the time with our food system. We search for cheaper food, but we are shocked when farmers respond by getting bigger and mechanized (so as to sell enough cheaper food to make a decent income).
Ducati Motor Holding is reporting another record sales year, and that the Italian motorcycle manufacturer sold 45,100 bikes in 2014. This marks the fifth year in a row that Ducati has shown sales growth, and it’s the third year in a row that the sales figures have been an all-time record for the Italian brand.
Sales for 2014 were up 2% over 2013, with the USA again leading as Ducati’s most important market (8,804 units sold in the USA). Unsurprisingly, the Asian market is growing quickly for Ducati as well, up 11% in 2014.
Ducati attributes its sales growth in-part to its new water cooler Monster line, where the Ducati Monster 1200 and Ducati Monster 821 helped raise Monster sales by 31%, with 16,409 new bikes sold in 2014.
The Ducati 899 Panigale helped the Italian company’s Superbike line reach a 12% growth overall, with 9,788 bikes sold in 2014 — 5,806 of those superbikes were Ducati 899 Panigales, up 74% over 2013 (readers will remember that the 899 had a early-autumn launch).
Geographically, Ducati saw sales increases in Mexico (8%) and Brazil (74%, 1,174 bikes). Sales in Europe however were down 3%, with only 19,743 bikes sold in 2014.
In other markets, Ducati sold 5,787 bikes in Asia, with Thailand leading growth with its 22% gain (3,057 units). Sales in China doubled, but no unit figures were given for this market by Ducati. Australia was up 13% with 2,132 bikes sold, and Japan was up 1% with 2,558 bikes sold.
Sunday's meeting was the administration's first attempt to challenge that assumption. Amherst's fraternities, which are technically banned on campus, were a big talking point; they're not allowed to hold on-campus parties or attend on-campus meetings, but many of them live together in suites on campus, and the Bavaria party at which the t-shirt was sold was held on campus. For this reason, the TD members who attended Sunday's meeting couldn't publicly acknowledge their fraternity membership. "Fraternities exist in a regulatory grey area where we all sort of pretend they don't exist," Emma Saltzberg ('13) told the paper. "It creates a culture where the administration agrees to look the other way. When you know that you exist in a grey area and that the administration is wiling to ignore your existence, that gradually turns into a culture of brazenness and in this instance, you see that people exploited that."
Clara Bell, a British linguist, had published a translation of War and Peace in 1886, but hers was a copy of copy, translated from a French translation, not the original Russian, and it wasn’t well received. The first ever English translation of Anna Karenina was done by an American, Nathan Haskell Dole, the same year. But because of the readability of Garnett’s versions, and her close ties to the publishing industry, her editions were printed cheaply and sold more widely than any that had come before. The Russian classics began to find their way into English homes and classrooms. A 1905 article in the Saturday Review, a British literary magazine, began, “Twenty years ago Tolstoy was hardly known outside Russia […] Who has not heard of Tolstoy now?”
Much of the fight revolves around Nevada’s cap on net metering, an arrangement by which people with rooftop solar can sell extra power they generate back to the grid. Nevada is likely to hit its limit as early as this summer, solar advocates say, which will make it less advantageous for homeowners to tap the enormous solar energy potential of Southern Nevada.
Senate Bill 374, passed May 17, states that once the net metering cap is hit, new net metering customers will have to pay an additional tariff, to be determined by the Nevada Public Utilities Commission. That means anyone who installs a solar system on a roof after the cap is hit will pay higher rates to use and sell solar energy than net metering customers do now, though how much higher remains unclear.
Friedman also bizarrely seems to be claiming that increased intellectual property restrictions will benefit U.S. workers. These forms of protectionism (yes folks, patent and copyright protection are protectionism — even if you like them) are directly antithetical to the interest of most U.S. workers. It means that foreign countries will pay more money to Microsoft for its software and Pfizer for its drugs. This means that they will have less money to buy U.S. manufactured goods. This is pretty straight and simple economics; in other words, way over the head of Thomas Friedman. (He wrongly uses the term "free-trade" in reference to the TPP four times. This is a propaganda term used to sell the deal. It is not accurate since the increased protections in the pact likely more than offset the tariff reductions in the deal.)
[Context about Cydia: Unlike the App Store, which is a centralized system, Cydia itself does not host/distribute packages - instead, Cydia is a way to browse and install packages from repositories. By default, Cydia comes with a list of good repositories (independently-owned but work closely with the makers of Cydia) - so if you want to distribute a package to the general audience of Cydia users, submitting it to a default repository is a good plan. If you use a default repository and want to sell your package, you can choose to use the Cydia Store system so that people have a simple way to purchase it. You can also choose to run your own repository (see Repository Management) and ask interested users to type your repository address into Cydia to get your package.]
Krug also crushed grapes for the Robert Mondavi winery’s first year, sold it yeast, bottles, and a labeling machine, and loaned the new winery a bottling machine free of charge. As a safety net, Peter and Rosa agreed to pay Robert a $9,000-a-year consulting fee after he was fired, although he never performed any consulting services for Krug. While they didn’t welcome Robert as a competitor, they also didn’t want him to fail. As Peter later explained, “We felt that he needed some support from the family inasmuch as he ventured, and we wanted to see him make a success of what he was doing.” Louis Martini and the winemakers at Beaulieu also pitched in to help out their old friend.
“Man, in London, if you try and find some space to open an academy it’s like, super hard,” says Arya. “People want space, people want apartments, they don’t want to sell you space to put some mats down. It’s hard to find the perfect training space here, so we need to appreciate our talent, look at the things that are actually against us and see how we’ve done – it’s really cool.”
But the Obama administration, which negotiated the treaty, isn’t giving up on it. The White House is pressuring Congress to approve the 12-nation trade deal during the lame-duck session after the election. And on Thursday, Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers published a report warning that if the TPP isn’t passed, a China-backed trade agreement will take its place. That could put U.S. manufacturers at a disadvantage when they try to sell to customers in Japan and other Asian nations. The report argues that if China’s Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership goes into effect, at least 35 U.S. industries as diverse as plastics, fishing and footwear will be at risk of increased competition from China in the Japanese market.
In 1984 Daniel Morgan and Jonathan Rees Jonathan Rees set up the detective agency Southern Investigations Jonathan Rees is alleged to have had a “network of corrupt police who were involved in widespread criminality and used Southern Investigations as a conduit for drugs and money”, and that Rees “counted many officers as friends. One of his specialities was to use his "friends" in the force to provide information which he sold to tabloid newspapers.”
I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.
"We have roughly a million and a half homes that can have a technology to get a gigabit-per-second service capability today. We have a product that we can offer the retailers, should they want to sell it," Morrow said.
"I will presume it's because there isn't that big of a demand out there for them to actually develop a product to sell to those end users."
"There are not that many applications that warrant much above the products that are being sold on NBN today, so I suspect that's the main reason. 'If I have to pay for it to move from 100[Mbps] up to a gigabit per second, I don't really have the application or the need for it, so why would I pay more to do that?' I believe that's the market dynamic that is occurring today."
"While the NBN network does offer 1Gbps wholesale services to retailers, to date no retailer has elected to sell these services. That is a commercial decision for the retailers."
“Despite many requests by EU countries on buying oil and gas from Iran, Iran will not sell any oil and gas to those countries,” Oil Ministry Spokseman Alireza Nikzad Rahbar told the official Mehr news agency.
That’s scary because such attacks can target several TVs at once, without the need to physically tamper with them. And while it sounds like all that’s needed is a firmware update, manufacturers aren’t always quick to patch the devices they sell in a timely manner.
Over the years, Angelo Mozilo has been handsomely rewarded by Uncle Sam’s mortgage socialism. Here’s how it works. Countrywide Financial makes a conforming home loan, sells it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (both are government sponsored enterprises), and has its coffers replenished in doing so; hence, allowing Countrywide to keep churning out loans. Countrywide, in turn, remains the mortgage servicer on each loan and earns a fee for doing so. These fees most certainly add up when you are servicing $1.5 trillion in home loans (not all of which are Fannie and Freddie loans). Needless to say, Countrywide had other sources of revenues but mortgage servicing was top-shelf when it came to profitability.
Countrywide Financial and many other financial institutions ended up throwing all credit standards out the window in order to package and sell as many subprime mortgage-backed securities as possible. To be sure, many did not do so sharing Mozilo’s politically-correct and egalitarian hallucination — they just wanted to make a fast buck.
An important distinction to convey here pertains to the fact that Countrywide and others were not selling all of their loans to Freddie and Fannie. The aforementioned mortgage-backed securities were purely packaged and sold under private labels. When America’s housing bubble was expanding, buyers of such subprime securities obviously felt there was no downside. Such are the delusions that materialize when central bankers flood the world with the opiates of easy money and credit.
The last U.S. governor to be impeached was Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2009. He was removed from office and is now serving a prison sentence for conspiring to sell an appointment to President Barack Obama’s vacant U.S. Senate seat.
Kotcheff and his crew accompanied a real-life cull of the animals for the making of the film. The kangaroos were shot so their hides could be used for making soft toys and the meat sold for dog food.
As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!
Hello My name is Josip and I am contacting You from Croatia (Hrvatska). I have a CZ 175, type 477, build 1974. I am restaurating the motorcycle but my gas tank is in very poor condition and I am searching for new tank. I was wondering if You maybe could help me, where to find a better tank. Maybe if some of Your members have spare parts and is willing to sell it, I would buy it if it's in a good condition (mine is rusty from inside and stopping the gass flow). Contact: email Thanks in advanceJosip Vuglenović
Haley: There’s definitely a fun effect in Los Angeles, where everyone’s always trying to sell their product or scripts to whoever they think might be buying. You schmooze the guy you think is higher up than you, but he’s schmoozing you because he thinks you might be higher up than him—when really nobody’s anybody and everybody’s just trying to get their screenplay read.
Kevin: It took us ten years of writing before anything actually got made. We were tossed around a lot, we had a major screenplay making the rounds—they told us it was gonna sell for 2 million dollars. We had this major meeting at CAA, they’re telling us Steven Spielberg is going to direct—Dan, you cried, didn’t you?
Kevin: Of course, we didn’t. There was some legal blockage, as there always is, and suddenly we’re being told that not only is our 2 million dollar script worth nothing, but that we can’t ever sell it to anyone, ever.
filtered water as needed to blend Instructions Prepare a clean and dry glass or other nonreactive container. I use a Pyrex container. It may not be strictly required, but it's best to sterilize all of your equipment with boiling water before getting started. Drain the liquid off of the soaked cashews. Add them to a blender or food processor and blend until completely smooth. If you aren't used a high-powered blender, it will take several minutes for the cashews to break down and release oils in order to become a smooth mixture. Stop to scrape down the sides as needed; you can also add filtered water a tablespoon at a time if you're having trouble blending. Note: if your blender has warmed the mixture very much, it's best to take a break now and wait for it to cool down (we don't want to kill the yogurt cultures with heat). Then, add the yogurt and salt and pulse to combine. Transfer to the clean container and cover. Let sit out at room temperature for 24 hours. Use a clean utensil to taste the mixture, and add more sea salt to taste; let it culture for another 12-24 hours if you want a stronger tang. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 weeks. (Note: length of storage time may depend on the culturing conditions and brand of yogurt used). (Optional step) This recipe makes cultured cashew cream cheese with a texture more like "whipped" dairy cream cheese. For a firmer texture like block cream cheese, press out the liquid using cheesecloth. Recipe Notes I use So Delicious Plain Unsweetened Cultured Coconut Milk as my nondairy yogurt of choice. I have tried this with soy yogurt and it also works. I find Forager cashew yogurt a little more prone to mold than other brands. Whatever you do, please use UNflavored, UNsweetened, yogurt. I have experienced that the raw cashews sold at Trader Joe's are a lower quality than other vendors. They do work for this recipe, but I recommend against them if you have other options available. Nutrition Facts Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amount Per Serving (2 tablespoons) Calories 81 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Polyunsaturated Fat 1g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 76mg 3% Total Carbohydrates 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 1g Protein 3g 6% Calcium 1% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
To explore their ideas, Yeoman and Mars envisioned Amsterdam's sex tourism industry in 2050. They imagined "Yub-Yum," a sex club for business travelers, which would sell "all-inclusive service" — including massages, lap dances and intercourse — for 10,000 Euros, or about $13,000.
Both Ruger and Davidson's / Gallery of Guns have pledged to extend the challenge period through the end of October, to ensure continued support up until the election. Ruger's goal is to sell another 500,000 new firearms - totaling $5,000,000 in donations to the NRA ILA for the 2015-2016 period.
Abstract In 2005, as the result of a World Trade Organization mandate, India implemented a patent reform for pharmaceuticals that was intended to comply with the 1995 Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS). Exploiting variation in the timing of patent decisions, we estimate that a molecule receiving a patent experienced an average price increase of just 3-6 percent, with larger increases for more recently developed molecules and for those produced by just one firm when the patent system began. Our results also show little impact on quantities sold or on the number of pharmaceutical firms operating in the market. (JEL K33, L11, L13, L65, O14, O34, O38)
"I believe there is a powerful argument that your proposal is simply not retroactive. Taxpayers can avoid the tax completely by repurchasing shares they sold to the United States; the excise tax would be imposed, not on prior bonuses, but on the taxpayer's affirmative post-enactment decision not to repurchase those shares at the same price that the shares were sold to the United States."
I can’t promise you every GMO is safe, any more than Robinson can promise every non-GMO is safe. I’m not here to sell you an ideology or win a fight. I’m here to encourage you to think critically. If you follow these 13 rules, you’ll avoid the worst mistakes of the anti-GMO movement. And you’ll free yourself from dogmatists, even those who claim to speak for doubt.
The supermarket giant has sold over 700 million carrier bags a year since a 5p charge was introduced in 2015.
"Today’s move will help our customers use even fewer bags but ensure that those sold in our stores continue to fund thousands of community projects across the country chosen by customers.
While some people were able to hang onto their homes, many defaulted and the HOLC wound up owning these homes. However, it sold them and by the time this agency closed its doors in the early 1950s, it actually returned a small profit to the government.
I envision HOLC II offering to buy all houses for sale at a price not more than three times the median household income in each market. It would then offer to sell these homes to prospective buyers.
The Daily is proud to announce its upcoming book, “Rags to Roses: The Rise of Stanford Football,” by Joseph Beyda, George Chen and Sam Fisher. The book will be sold electronically starting on July 15, and we will publish several excerpts in the coming weeks, beginning with today’s installment, the book’s preface. Visit www.stanforddaily.com/ragstoroses to sign up for updates on ordering information and future excerpts. Those using the mobile version of the site can scroll down to the bottom of the preface to sign up.
One of the reasons, I suggest in the book, is that our views on these issues have really been shaped. Corporations learned how to sell almost anything. An example that makes that clear is how the cigarette companies sold so many Americans on the idea that there was no credible evidence that cigarette smoking was bad for your health.
If you can sell a toxic product like cigarettes, you can sell pretty much any idea, good or bad. Today, those at the top have the tools, the resources, and the incentives to try to shape the public debate in ways that serve their interests. There are so many instances of this kind where they tried to deny the diagnosis of the problem and divert us from the right solutions.
When you have a highly divided society, it's hard to come together to make investments in the common good. One of two things - or both - can happen: One, the 1 percent will realize that the direction we're going is not even in their own self interest, and, two, the 99 percent realize that they've been sold a bill of goods. And I hope my book will make it clear that we have reached a level of inequality that is really intolerable and that we are all paying that price. And there really are simple remedies that we could implement if we only had the political will.
In fact, if the military is looking to dump the remaining S9 frames, we recommend they simply sell them on eBay and Etsy. That'd be one way to close the budget deficit.
Morimoto: We often get requests from fans who never got to play the Master System Phantasy Star and want us to port it to the Megadrive. But the truth is, if you do a thorough search you can find toy stores where they’ve still got copies of the original game for sale. I’ve seen people write on message boards stuff like “I found a copy at XXX-store,” but when I went the next day myself to check, it was sold out. So it seems there’s still some left in some small, out-of-the-way places, but if you find one you had better snatch it up, or they’ll all soon be gone. However, as part of the promotional campaign for Phantasy Star IV, we’re giving out copies of the original Phantasy Star as a present. Make sure you enter!
"Last year it was amazing, the hype of when we were building the registration online," Martin said. "I sent an email saying it was going to go live at two o'clock and it was like watching the ticker tape parade. In the first hour, I think there was like, 96 registrations. They were all time-stamped. It was just amazing. Because the owner of the rink's like, yeah, it's not going to sell out. Watching the numbers, it's like tick, tick, tick, refresh, refresh and the numbers just kept jumping and jumping. Almost 100 percent capacity for the three weeks."
For a little perspective, the average company spends 2% of its revenue on advertising. In contested markets, that number is even higher. For example, Ford sells about 2 million cars per year and they spend $4 billion advertising. And no, that doesn’t count the billions of dollars its dealers spend as well. Even Microsoft, which enjoys a dominant market share position and limited competition, spends nearly 3% of its revenues on advertising.
When I chatted with Harbeth's owner and designer Alan Shaw, he told me his biggest export market is Japan. I was taken aback by that factoid, Japanese homes are usually rather small, but those guys love the big Harbeth speakers. Japanese audiophiles are also among the world's most demanding of build and sound quality, and the fact that Harbeth does so well there says a lot about the company. The 40.2 speakers sell for $14,990 per pair in Cherry in the US, $15,990 for Rosewood, Eucalyptus and Tiger Ebony 40.2s. My samples' real Rosewood finish was impeccable. UK prices start at £9,995 and AU$21,190 in Australia.
Hundreds and possibly thousands of Yazidi women and girls have been forced to marry or been sold into sexual slavery by the jihadists, according to Amnesty International.
Boney James, 5/5, JAZ, 5:40p: Saxophonist and songwriter Boney James has sold over 3 million albums, making him one of the most commercially successful artists in contemporary jazz.
Maroon 5, 4/29, ACU, 5:15p: One of the biggest pop rock bands of the last 15 years, Maroon 5 has been a perennial festival headliner for some time now. The group has sold over 20 million albums, and has featured New Orleans native PJ Morton on keys since 2010. Their sixth studio album is currently in the works.
Patti LaBelle, 5/7, CON, 3:40p: Singer Patti LaBelle began her career in the early 1960s as lead singer for the Bluebelles. In 1974 she formed the band Labelle, which was signed to Epic Records and recorded the Allen Toussaint-produced single, “Lady Marmalade” while backed by Louisiana musicians. The song sold over a million copies. She has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame and was named one of the 100 Greatest Singers of all time by Rolling Stone.
Ingredients are sourced from regions across the country, often produced and sold to coincide with food seasons in limited edition boxes of KitKat minis.
"Chocolatory" concessions around Japan sell the exotic bars under KitKat chandeliers. CNN
The first opened in Tokyo in January 2014 and sold out of Chef Takagi's specialty bars in hours. Since then he's been advocating for new flavors and pushing out new products, from the single-finger Sublime range to "special" flavors that include fruit or tea-infused minis.
Unfortunately, economists – no less than lawyers, scientists, and just about every other class of professionals in the U.S. – have sold their soul to the powers-that-be.
The Heritage Village complex in Markham, Ont., which is part of the Unionville Home Society, was sold to regional municipality of York. The municipality later teamed up with Canadian developer Minto Group to build a new seniors' condo on the property.
(CNN) - A small tray of vegetable samosas costs $35 at the Mughal Express restaurant. But one particular tray, sold to strict Hindu vegetarians, might end up costing the Edison, New Jersey, restaurant a whole lot more.
Many companies sell bicycle frames designed specifically for use with fixed-gear hubs. A fixed-gear or track-bike hub includes special threads for a lockring that tightens in the opposite (counter-clockwise) direction compared with the sprocket. This ensures that the sprocket cannot unscrew when the rider "backpedals" while braking.[57]
Like most felines, Browser spends a good deal of time napping, lounging and sneaking out the door — but he also attends the library's GED classes and has an honorary diploma, the library says. And each year, the library sells a calendar full of pictures of Browser as a fundraiser.
Michael Gove, the justice secretary, has struck a deal to build nine new prisons and sell off the old estates for housing. The level of cuts to his resource budget of around £6bn is not yet public but Gove has signalled he would like to save money by reducing the number of people in prison.
This item is NOT sold in stores!
The new CLS shares its MRA platform with the current E-Class, according to British magazine Autocar, yet it borrows its engines and tech features from the bigger S-Class. We expect a 48-volt electrical system will come standard on most -- if not all -- variants sold in the United States. Buyers in Europe will have access to four- and six-cylinder turbodiesel engines, but don't expect to see those cross the pond.
Most of the gold in the U.S. is held at Fort Knox, KY. To put this in perspective, not withstanding what Goldfinger thought, if the U.S. sold off its entire gold reserve position at a current market price, it would only be able to pay off about 3 percent of our national debt. In order to cover the whole debt, the gold price would have to be approaching a market value of around $63,000 per troy ounce!
There are numerous studies and articles, which show the inverse reaction of gold prices to a stock market crash. So, this 10 percent holding is somewhat of a hedge. This is intuitive. When the market crash happens, money flows from the stock market into gold and when it is over, the money flows back into the stock market. Stay the course and, if you have the stomach for it, as your 10 percent gold holding increases, sell it and buy the low valued stocks.
It’s a pretty simple, but very ingenious idea that Glenn Berger started doing 14 years ago: Berger will travel to golf courses all around Florida, dive into the course’s various water hazards, retrieve all the golf balls, then sell them for a $1 a piece. Golf balls become relatively ineffective after 24 hours underwater, but there are plenty of driving ranges still willing to buy them from him.
Moda's parent company was forced this spring to sell off assets and borrow additional funds in order to replenish its depleted capital reserves. Oregon's Department of Consumer and Business Services took Moda into supervision last January.
Nippon Ichi is continuing the story of Disgaea 4: A Promise Unforgotten with a downloadable scenario starring Fuka and Desco. Just like Raspberyl’s side story from Disgaea 3, the Fuka and Desco storyline has four chapters, will be sold as downloadable content on PSN, and as an append disc at stores.
In spring 2015, Benko sold the majority shares of three Karstadt-owned luxury department stores (KaDeWe in Berlin, Oberpollinger in Munich and the Alsterhaus in Hamburg) to Thai investors.
Two weeks ago, he sold the “Sevens” shopping centre in Düsseldorf to the international real estate company CBRE Global. The piece of high-end real estate had belonged to him since 2010. Stores like Saturn, Christ, Douglas and others are located there, and Benko had raised the rent by 72 percent over a period of five years.
“The biggest wild card of all here is the president’s tweets,” said Marc Edelman, who teaches sports law at Baruch College in New York. “The NFL didn’t publicly voice ­opposition until baited into doing so and being threatened with financial sanctions by the president of the United States.”… If the NFL acts because of Trump’s threat to punish the league, players could legitimately claim that their First Amendment rights have been violated, said David Cole, the ACLU’s national legal director. “The courts have recognized that when government officials threaten punishment or consequences because of protected speech, that in and of itself can chill the speech, in violation of the First Amendment,” Cole said, citing a 1986 case in which a federal court sided with a challenge by Playboy Enterprises against Edwin Meese, then the U.S. attorney general, for sending letters threatening to publish a list of ­7-Eleven convenience stores that sold pornography.
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
Serious logistical planning for the festival didn’t even begin until late February or early March — less than two months before the thousands of people McFarland had sold a luxury vacation on a private island were scheduled to arrive.
A former Fyre Media employee who asked for anonymity recalled McFarland and Fyre Fest director Grant Margolin’s pitch to the prominent New York socialite. “She was sold a story. They were taking her to the same island as they were taking the models. She had no idea,” the employee said.
They initially said they expected to sell 40,000 tickets by March 31. That number was later lowered to 20,000, but the “private island” bit was left in all the marketing materials. After tickets had been sold, the company abruptly changed the lodging options from a “rustic lodge” tent picture in renderings to the FEMA-style tents that were standing there when attendees showed up.
A former Fyre employee said McFarland sold Ja Rule a “pipe dream,” though there’s evidence to suggest the seasoned recording artist should have known better. Video hyping the festival he posted on Twitter and later deleted includes footage of the main stage, which had walk-up stairs and lacked barricades or an exit for EMS. “People would have died,” the production employee said.
Ramesh Chandra (name changed) recently sold his first-floor apartment in a premium location of Jor Bagh in New Delhi. As usual, the deal was worth much more than the official circle rate for the area. But given the government’s hawk eye on black money, Chandra was wary of accepting cash to cover the difference.
I appreciated Schaub’s vulnerability and authenticity when he was candid about the administration’s attempt to smear his name. He feels -and fears- that many in the current administration might not stand up to this erosion of ethics we’re experiencing (i.e. Trump still hasn’t released his tax returns and he hasn’t sold his business assets), setting up a “blind trust” is irrelevant, they all fear the same: they’re scared their name will be smeared and a professional future doomed.
Internist Ronald Weiss has been treating patients in Hudson County for 25 years but recently he’s sold his practice and cashed in all his assets to buy a farm in which he grows his patients’ medicine.
But Forbes has sold an acre of his land near Aberdeen to protesters who also disagree with Trump's plans – a sale which will force the property tycoon to face down more than 60 people.
Rogers should be able to sell it for about that sum, said Andrew Zimbalist, a sports economist with Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, who noted the team is in a large, wealthy city with a strong fan base.
The company, which has about $13 billion in outstanding debt, now figures it could make more sense to sell the team and license broadcast rights from a new owner, Rogers CFO Tony Staffieri told a UBS investor conference in New York on Tuesday.
Rogers Communications, which is controlled by Canada’s prominent Rogers family, is also looking to sell a C$1.5 billion ($1.2 billion) stake in Cogeco Inc and its subsidiary, a cable TV company with operations across the United States and Canada.
The £225,000 building is being built in an area where an average house is sold for around £625,000. The tree house is one of three projects the architects designed for private clients looking to settle in the mountains of Almaty. It was commissioned by a 38-year-old businessman who wanted a home for a two people and a place that would allow for his spiritual and creative development. Most of all, the house is designed to provide a space where one can escape stressful everyday life in the city.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
Hasbro is aiming at luring 8- to 12-year-olds back to these board games. Its executives say this age group, accustomed to video games, wants a fast-paced game that requires using their hands. To move forward on the new Monopoly board, players cover their game piece with their hands, and the tower announces how many spaces the player can move. Players also hold their hands over decals to buy or sell properties, insert “bank cards” into slots to check their accounts, and send a plastic car moving around a track to win money or other advantages (only when the tower instructs them to, of course).
Hasbro executives said that the company would continue to sell classic Monopoly once the new edition came out.
Downtown will be full of holiday spirit, with an array of festive activities in and around Custom House Square including: Free horse drawn carriage rides, pictures with Mr. & Mrs. Claus on the big red sled, a complimentary gift wrapping station, The Trustees of Reservations Greens (swags/wreaths) sale, The Whaling City Knots will demonstrate and sell their decorative rope creations, plus Mass in Motion Winter Farmer’s Market! www.destinationnewbedford.org/events
Until the recent study, blaming climate change on the dropping levels of oxygen in the ocean was a tough sell, even to those who aren’t turning a blind eye to one of the hugest problems humans have ever faced. It was a tough sell because it was almost impossible to prove in nature. When it’s windy, for example, it churns everything up, making it nearly impossible to get an accurate measurement over a long period time. Long’s study cut out the variables of Mother Nature and all her vagaries. “This new study tells us when we can expect the impact from climate change to overwhelm the natural variability,” he said.
In the latest example of misbehaviour in the banking industry, NAB said that in 2015 it became aware of the problematic mortgages, many of which were sold via "introducers" – people outside the bank who collect a fee for referring a customer.
Just because the TTB grants you its approval, that doesn’t mean you’re cleared to sell your beer from coast to coast. “We’ve had more trouble with the states than with the federal government,” grouses Dan Shelton of Shelton Brothers importers in Belchertown, MA. One of the Shelton’s celebrated tussles involved Les Sans Culottes, a bière de garde from the French brewery Les Choulette. The label features a scene from the Eugène Delacroix painting Liberty Leading the People, which commemorates the July 1830 revolution that overthrew King Charles X of France. In the center of the painting is a bare-breasted representation of Miss Liberty holding aloft the French tri-colored flag. Although the original hangs in the Louvre and Miss Liberty’s pose is suppose to have inspired our Statue of Liberty, Maine was one of several states to ban the label, alleging that it contained “an undignified or improper illustration.”
Sex sells products, but it can also get you covered up. In 2007, a Reading, PA, microbrewery called Legacy Brewing Co. began marketing a product called Hedonism Ale, which it claimed was “brewed with an orgy of ingredients.” The label showed an assortment of cartoon characters engaging in public displays of affection (nothing beyond kissing and hugging, really). However, one Lancaster distributor called Beer Ink viewed the brand as pornographic and began wrapping cases in plain brown paper.
Samsung has not yet announced pricing or availability. However, the Gear S2 ($300) will still get updates and be sold in stores.
The story of our flooding problem, like most environmental hazards, starts with natural resources sold as commodities. From about the 1830s to 1870s, "earlier settlers made a ton of money off plantations because [the land along Houston's bayous] was so fertile," says Keiji Asakura, Principal Designer at Asakura Robinson, a planning, urban design, and landscape architecture firm. Well before urbanization, farmers raising cattle and growing crops like cotton and rice fundamentally changed the soil. In addition, farm-to-market roads and railroads displaced organic drainage patterns. Coastal prairie that took root in Houston for thousands of years was decimated in a few decades.
Professor Omri Ben-Shahar, an expert on insurance law at the University of Chicago, argues in an article in Forbes magazine that government subsidies mean that flood policies are being sold at bargain prices.
There will also be a Hippie Market on the beach during the contest. Cabarete has many jewelry makers, clothes designers, and savvy shoppers who sell their item in local markets. There is no charge to participate in the market, just bring your own setup and merchandise.
Chinese brands like (which sells its youth-centric sub-brand in India), Vivo, (a Lenovo brand) and OPPO's performance remained strong and contributed to more than half of the total smartphone shipments in the country.
Spread across 230,000 square feet, the Noida unit is a dedicated facility for Xiaomi power banks where the Mi Power Bank 2i will be assembled. The company already has two smartphone manufacturing plants in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, where more than 95 per cent of its smartphones sold in India is assembled locally.
The negatives could include fewer hours and fewer jobs for those workers, economists and employers said. Farmers who sell their produce out of state could be at a major disadvantage compared with farmers in states and nations with lower wages. And restaurant prices are likely to rise across the board.
The Foamspace installation was composed of one hundred Geofoam blocks kept at the product’s standard size: 37” x 49.5” x 97.5.” Because the material was unaltered, it could be sold back to the supplier on the secondary-use market—the unaltered “building block” emphasizing the free circulation of physical matter on the emerging market for reused materials. Building on the 2013 IDEAS City Festival theme, “Untapped Capital,” proceeds were funneled back into Foamspace to fund a future project.
At the end of the festival, the blocks were loaded onto trucks. All undamaged material was sold for sixty percent of its initial price to construction projects that required the fill material, the manufacturer serving as the intermediary. While many projects in the cryptocurrency sphere might launch their work with a “Block Sale”—referring to the initial coins mined or sold on the blockchain—Foamspace, made of architectural materials and spaces, had an actual block sale.
A: First, with no offense to the others, don't group Winslow with those other three. He's at a different place in the rotation, and he needs as much NBA exposure as he can get during the preseason. I'm still not sold on Ennis getting a roster spot, especially if he holds to the contract clause where he becomes fully guaranteed for the season. As for Richardson, the thinking could be that he eventually will get all the seasoning he needs in the D-League, with the Sioux Falls Skyforce. Johnson already has had plenty of NBA exposure, so I'm sure he would be ready if needed. He looked good Monday playing as the first point guard off the bench.
Jim Beam brand driven home to children | SMH | 11 Feb 2013 - Jim Beam-branded clothing is being sold to children as young as four, in what public health experts have said is one of the most shocking examples of alcohol advertising they have seen.
Last month, the agency sent Bayer a warning letter about another problem — deviations from quality control standards at a manufacturing plant in Germany that makes drospirenone and other hormone ingredients used in Bayer’s birth control pills sold in the United States. The letter said that the way in which the facility calculated variability in ingredients did not meet American standards.
“Some groups got a lot of weapons, others didn’t, there was not an equal distribution,” said a rebel field commander. He said those who sold them instead of getting them to the front line had betrayed the rebel cause.
According to Gordon-Webley, even in cases where established companies purchase the $500 pass from the NSWMA to take their garbage to the landfill, some drivers leave the truckloads of rubbish at the illegal dumps and sell the tickets.
A recurring theme of Indian politics has been that every few years a new politician catches the fancy of the nation. He rails against the establishment, promises to fight against the corrupt and dynastic Congress, packages himself as honest and holier-than-thou, sells dreams of better days, makes promises that sound sincere, coins catchy slogans— Raja (VP Singh) Nahin Fakir Hai, Desh ki Taqdeer Hai, for instance — and then walks away with the trust and hopes of the voters.
The older soft bridges will still work, but only up to a point. You can also use the aftermarket fancy SLI bridges that sold with the last gen of cards, but even those won’t achieve maximum potential, according to Nvidia.
As if plunking down more money for a new SLI bridge weren’t bad enough, getting the HB Bridge seems to be a difficult task. They’ve been sold out on Nvidia’s site, and even PC OEMs say they’re hard to come by.
Good luck getting the SLI HB Bridge. They were sold out whenever we checked over the past couple weeks.
Anti-trust experts say the deal won’t create an illegal monopoly, according to Reuters, because the two companies don’t directly compete. Hillshire is in the business of selling meat to us: It owns Jimmy Dean (sausages), Ball Park (hot dogs), Sara Lee, Aidells, and others, controlling 32 percent of the breakfast sausage market, the Wall Street Journal reports. Tyson is in the business of producing meat: It owns slaughterhouses and packing plants — though it also sells to eaters.
• According to the modalities for the gold sales adopted by the Executive Board, the Fund initially stood ready to sell gold off-market directly to central banks and other official sector holders at market prices. During October and November 2009, the Fund sold a total of 212 tons in this manner to the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank of Mauritius, and the Central Bank of Sri Lanka. On September 7, 2010, the Fund sold 10 metric tons to the Bangladesh Bank.
Q. Why has the IMF decided to sell gold?
You can think of Weidian as the mid-ground where Wechat meets Taobao. Weidian’s mobile commerce platform is based on social relationships with no centralized entry point. The industry tends to describe Weidian as a ‘decentralized’ business model. You can post your products information across a wide variety of social media platforms, not only WeChat. Weidian, backed by Tencent, has an ultra streamlined registration and administration processes which makes it simple for anyone to sell goods or services.
Some things to sell (you can act as an agent to sell other people’s things if you wish)
"No, forget it. I won't sell them out. Not for myself, and not for you."
This is a situation that happens every few months, without fail. When this happens, it is crucial to take a step back and breathe. Go hang out with your friends and grab a beer. Zoom the chart out and look at the year-to-date, or at least the last few months. You’ll realize that the current correction is merely a blip on the radar in an otherwise upward trajectory. It’s easy to drive yourself crazy and make emotional decisions if you stare at 30-minute candles for 18 hours a day. Don’t be a weak hand that panic sells, only to buy back higher once the correction is over. Remember, buy low and sell high, not the other way around.
Asked where he got his .40-caliber gun, he said, "Off the streets, people sell 'em."
The Growth of Manchester was driven by the cotton manufacturing Cotton supplied by slave labor in America’s south. Birmingham sold Guns that were traded for African slaves (1 gun for 1 slave) fueling the massive but forgotten slave catching wars that would destabilize much of the continent spreading chaos, horror and murder across Africa. Incidentally as Gerald Horne points out once Britain abolished the slave trade in 1807 the United States would take over, Brazil for example owes it’s massive black population to the energetic efforts of the american slave traders.
The Banking industry also owed it’s growth to the massive profits generated by slavery. In fact many bankers began as slave traders. Captain on a slave ship was the first step on the ladder that lead ultimately to the Merchant-Banker as Williams points out. One famous bank that made it’s fortune off slavery is Barclays for example. The rich West Indies Planters often became bankers on their return to England. Actually they were so rich that even the King was annoyed and envious of their opulence and they quickly married into the highest ranks of the nobility. Of course even the monarchs of Europe got rich off the slave trade. In fact one major reason for the “Glorious Revolution” as Williams points out was to destroy the lucrative royal monopoly on the slave trade opening the doors to the “Free Trade in Slaves” which would fuel England’s economic growth during the 18th century. England and France fought wars over the “Asiento” the right to sell slaves to Spain’s colonies.
On December 16, Chancellor Schober and President Michael Hainisch signed the Treaty of Lana, promising to honor the Treaty of Saint-Germain, to refrain from interfering in Czechoslovak internal affairs, and to remain neutral in the event on an attack on Czechoslovakia by a third party. Their counterparts, Tomáš Masaryk and Edvard Beneš, made equivalent promises in return. They also promised to put in a good word for Austria in London and Paris and, in fact, committed to a generous loan themselves. From the point of view of Schober, the treaty was a great success. Austria had given away nothing that had not long been lost already, and the symbolic gesture had been handsomely rewarded. From the point of view of the People's Party, the treaty was tantamount to treason. Austria had further reduced its chances of ever joining Germany and had sold out the Sudeten Germans to boot.
Pugash would not discuss why Cannabis Culture, which sells recreational marijuana, was the target of the operation in a city with dozens of marijuana shops.
Ayn (rhymes with “pine”) Rand was best known as the author of the novels Atlas Shrugged (1957), The Fountainhead (1943), and We the Living (1936) which together sold over twelve million copies.2 She was born in St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1905, graduated with a degree in history from the University of Leningrad in 1924, and emigrated to the United States in 1926. “I am an American by choice and conviction,” she wrote, “I was born in Europe, but I came to America because this was the country based on my moral premises and the only country where I could be fully free to write.”3 In 1929, she married Frank O’Connor whom she had met (ironically) at Cecil B. de Mille’s Hollywood Studio during the production of The King of Kings. Until The Fountainhead established her as a novelist, Ayn Rand worked as a screenwriter, a filing clerk, a typist, a script reader, and a freelance writer.
Rule 142: Only fools sell wholesale. (See Rule #141)
Naturally, the power-brokers would love to pull the plug on the Internet. They dabbled with the notion, bizarrely trying to sell it saying it was for our security. Talk about desperation. They quickly realized any move on the Internet would be universally despised. I'm convinced they'll kill it only when they're ready to declare Martial law. However, this is no good for Netanyahu. He knows only idiots believe what the Israelis say. There's only so many lies you can tell. Why do you think the media never reveal the results of independent polls which state categorically Netanyahu is a raving lunatic and Israel is by far and away the greatest danger to world peace? This is why all these false flag events, one after the other, are occurring. They have to raise the fear factor so that people believe there's a genuine terrorist threat. Though I've zero interest in Religion or Nationalism, the demonization of Muslims has reached a point where I feel ashamed. I'm a member of this species and to see it sink so low? Of course, it's nigh on impossible gauging the level of disgust because the media only promote what suits the Zionists. That's why all we ever hear is anti-Islamic protests, trying to create the notion everyone's against them. Like a stuck disc I've said, the news is what we're not told!
Built on the NEO blockchain and leveraging superconducting transactions, Aphelion is launching the first DEX platform built for all coins. One that can support the heaviest trading traffic while being open source, allowing new and custom interfaces. A welcome addition to the crypto-trading community. Instant, secure and truly decentralized, Aphelion is a game changer. One that will change the way in which you buy and sell your coins, freeing us from the centralized exchanges and countless threats our cryptocurrency experience. Control is placed back into our hands, providing you and I with a decentralized exchange for our decentralized crypto.
Bath salts contain amphetamine-like chemicals such as methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV), mephedrone, and pyrovalerone. They’re referred to as a “designer drug of the phenethylamine class” by the Drug Enforcement Administration. Other drugs in this class include amphetamines, mescaline, and ephedrine. MDPV comes in a powdered form that is inhaled, swallowed or shot into a vein. Bath Salts are sold as "cocaine substitutes" or "synthetic LSD".
In 2009, reports began surfacing about teens and young adults abusing synthetic stimulant products sold as Bath Salts, “plant fertilizer," energy-1, Ivory Wave, Red Dove, Purple Wave, Blue Silk, Zoom, Bloom, Cloud Nine, Ocean Snow, Lunar Wave, Vanilla Sky, White Lightning, Scarface, and Hurricane Charlie.
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
A 14,000-square-foot mansion, 1955 N. Burling St., sold Tuesday for more than $13.3 million, according to Crain's, which first reported the news.
McAfee founded McAfee Associates in 1987 but left in 1994. The company was eventually sold to Intel in 2011 for more than $7.68 billion.
The people who have sold the software driving this system will insist there are firewalls between these computers, but the massive, relentless leaking, the Wikileaks CIA dump as well as the recent NSA dump and the resulting worldwide hack –- with no ability to find out who did it — say otherwise.
The Swamp’s software companies differ from Silicon Valley’s. Steve Jobs was entranced by technology at a young age. He was brusque and single-minded. By contrast, recently I met a tech CEO in the Swamp who sells software to the CIA. His career had been as CEO of a Democrat think tank. He’s a nice guy, well-connected, and an expert at schmoozing government employees and selling them questionable software. He doesn’t understand what he’s selling, but he knows the profit margin is huge. “None of my friends can believe I’m a tech CEO!” he said.
The solution is to get control of the software systems and the contractors who sell them. Congressman Darrell Issa has recognized and sought to attack this problem with the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act. Strengthening this Act and forcing intelligence agencies to obey is important.
It makes no sense. There are thousands of exercises with cavaletti, poles, gymnastics and other tools suggested or sold to riders to try and improve your balance, reflexes, and sense of timing, when all you need is to find a local hunter pace or cross-country course to school, and might cost at the most $20, if that.
Hunter/jumper trainer Deloise Noble-Strong runs her business out of her family farm in Upperco, Md. She follows in the footsteps of many generations of horsemen in her family. Deloise has spent time living in Belgium, Holland and Germany and imports, trains and sells many hunter prospects. She also speaks her mind on her personal blog, Deloise In America.
By including so many options, the Model 1211-J's designers tried to make the bomber a paragon of multi-tasking self-sufficiency. They had hoped to sell the Air Force not just a single bomber but a family of aircraft, with a variety of airframes to choose from, including custom options and mission-specific add-ons. But would asking so much of the 1211-J compromise its ability to do its main job: put bombs on target? "I've always been a minimalist in aircraft design," says aerospace historian and author Dick Hallion. "When you take a look at this Douglas design, there's a lot of frou-frou. There are a lot of things here that wouldn't work out well operationally. There are a lot of issues that make turboprops unreliable: gearbox issues, shafting issues, the propellers themselves. These are all complex problems that need to be worked out." And even if Douglas engineers could have solved the 1211-J's problems, the bomber's fussy design would have made it a maintenance nightmare.
First, just so everyone is clear, Silk parted ways with Dean Foods last May. When I went to the Natural Products Expo last April and told a Silk rep that people were still upset that Whitewave was sold to Dean Foods 10 years ago, I was told that the shareholders had just voted to separate – and that’s just what they did!
The best fight sequence in the movie is as inventive and naughty as any more artfully done, when Smith and Bellucci’s character are besieged mid-shag by a comically endless string of gun-toting assassins. Without missing a beat, Smith takes down each and every one with a series of moves that get both jobs done at the same time. Bellucci really helps sell it, registering each flying bullet and inadvertent stroke with alternating shock and pleasure. It’s completely ridiculous, and oh so much fun.
Deutsche Telekom’s (DT) CEO said the operator is “not in the mood” to sell T-Mobile US, although he didn’t dismiss the possibility completely, especially in the case of changes in the US regulatory environment following the election of a new president, Reuters reported.
DT has a 65 per cent stake in T-Mobile US and has tried twice in the past five years to sell it, coming up against regulatory objections both times.
The club seeks to unearth bargains in foreign markets then sell them on for huge profits when they reach peak value.
In January 2014 it sold its star player Yohan Cabaye to Paris-Saint Germain for $28.5m, making a cool $22.5m profit in the process.
"There has been a numbness and with Ashley twice failing to sell Newcastle, there has also been a powerlessness," George Caulkin, north east correspondent for The Times newspaper, told CNN.
Gaya, a product of Valencia's youth academy, has been a regular in Nuno's side since the Che club sold Spanish left-back Juan Bernat to Bayern Munich last summer.
The proposition is simple: News publishers want to match their higher-quality news origination with higher advertising rates. That’s the “premium” term you hear slung around the industry — “premium” meaning original and trustworthy, as opposed to aggregated, lightly “curated,” or pirated. When publishers sell direct to advertisers, they sell “premium” and get rates from $8 to $50 per one thousand ad impressions (or CPM), with national/global news companies at the highest end. When they sell “programmatic” advertising, though, there’s no such thing as “premium.” Programmatic — the huge, overarching shift in ad buying — algorithmically matches available ad inventory with audiences (by age, gender, geography, and more). But it doesn’t distinguish between original content producers and the legions of repurposers out there. Top publishers may get a buck or two CPM for programmatic advertising — the same as anyone else.
In 1970 AMK merged with United Fruit Company, and adopted the name United Brands. Black became chairman, president, and CEO. At that time, United Fruit was importing about a third of all the bananas sold in the US and owned the Chiquita banana brand. But Black soon discovered that United Fruit had far less capital than he had believed. The company soon became crippled with debt. The company's losses were exacerbated by Hurricane Fifi in 1974, which destroyed many of its banana plantations in Honduras. In 1974, United Brands reported losses of $40 million for the first three quarters of the year. Black struggled to keep the company solvent, and in December United Brands announced that it was selling its interest in Foster Grant, Inc. for $70 million.
Duncan: Ok. Get a copy of that. L-I-B-E-R four(4). In the introduction of that Crawley talks about the the way that did people disappear for awhile. Muhammad goes into the cave. Jesus I do not know the first 30 years is life. Buddha goes into the forest. All the stories share that same component of going somewhere kind of vanishing from the world for a little while so you can speculate on what they were doing during that time period. Probably they were doing what you guys are doing right now, they were begining to expand their consciousness, Any beginning to you figure out had a like do some of the tricks that we have heard great sources are capable doing. So Nim Crawley Baba definitely achieved some state of being able to look into a person fully and see all the stuff in there. The next thing he did, now if you could just do that and there’s many people who can do that if you could just do that you would be a great salesperson you would be able to sell a lot of f****** mattresses, cars nuclear weapons, you will be able to really make a lot of money in the world by reading people completely seeing them see what they are you could really f*** with people if that was the only thing that you could do but what he added to it and what the awakened beings seem to do along with this ability is they look into that part of the person that the person doesn’t want to show anyone and they love it they don’t love it ambigously, they love it completely, they love it with everything inside of them personally. Not like i just love everything but like I see into you, I see that thing that you did that hurt that person so much and you know you hurt them and you feel so horrible about that but I love you still. I love the person you were when you did that. I were the person you were before you did that and I love you now completely and it’s not phoney, it’s real. If you could do those two things if you could master those two powers that every single human that you got around will at least temporarily wake up, they would wake up and they would feel what is real. The only thing that’s real which is love. Those are the two if I could choose he magical powers does will be there to that I would want to be able that and the third would be invisibility.
It has been years since he has been legally allowed to sell and install CNG conversion "kits": essentially large gas cylinders that are placed in the boot of a car to feed the engine. The system allows for cars to still be able to use petrol instead, if required.
The mansion has since been razed and the prime 6.3-acre estate divided into three parcels. One has already been sold drawing $34.34 million for 2.35 acres.
Rybolovlev sold off his industrial assets a few years ago, making it difficult to gauge what assets he owns beyond his high-profile stake in the storied AS Monaco soccer club.
Another new source of cartel revenue is oil theft, long a problem for the Mexican government. The national oil company, Pemex, loses hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of petroleum every year to bandits and criminal gangs who tap into pipelines and siphon it off. Now the cartels are getting involved in this business, working with associates north of the border to sell the oil to American companies at huge markups.
A popular cartel racket involves branded products. For example, a cartel member — most often from Los Zetas and La Familia Michoacana, two of the largest and most diversified cartels — will tell a music-store owner that he has to sell CDs with the Zetas logo stamped on them, with the cartel taking a 25 percent cut of the profits. Noncompliance isn’t an option.
Beyond the Outer Rim, spins a stormy planet. Long, long ago, climate change led to all the continents being submerged - forcing the inhabitants to build cities on stilts. The planet is, of course, known (by the few who know) as Kamino. Apart from always being rainy, it's a place famous for two exports: clones and Star Wars Lightsaber Umbrellas. While we can't sell you any clones (against Republic Law), we sure can sell you the 'brellas!
Later, W. Grant & Sons was one of the first distilleries to package its bottles in tubes and gift tins, as well as recognising the importance of the duty-free market for spirits. This marketing strategy was successful, and Glenfiddich has now become the world's best-selling single malt.[12] It is sold in 180 countries,[6] and accounts for about 35% of single malt sales.[13]
Glenfiddich Malt Whisky Liqueur - Until 2011 Glenfiddich produced a liqueur that was 40% alcohol by volume, and sold in 50 cl (500 ml) bottles. Swan necked copper stills in the distillery.
* Young gun Te Marie Martin (18) fractured his shoulder and is now a sell after making $130,000 for owners.
I offered Dima Lapikov to be a part of my company. He doesn’t want it. Others are the same. Vasya Polovnikov wanted to sell supplements. I told him: “Here is an office, here is a warehouse. Go ahead and use it.” He didn’t want to.
Suppose you are a company that sells supplements. You come to Chingiz Mogushkov and offer to be his sponsor. Where will he show your products? Nowhere. But if he is active in social networks and TV, then there are ways to market the product. You will pay him more or less depending on how popular he is in social networks.
It also got out of pharmaceutical company Shire Plc amid signs the government would crack down on mergers seeking tax advantages. And it sold Shire short before its planned merger with AbbVie Inc was called off, netting a profit.
In Western culture, snake oil is most commonly associated with a placebo, panacea and/or deceptive marketing. Its association in Western culture lies in the fact that many 19th-century United States and 18th-century European entrepreneurs advertised and sold mineral oil (often mixed with various active and inactive household herbs, spices, and compounds, but containing no properties of snakes,) as "snake oil liniment", making frivolous claims about its efficacy as a panacea. Patent medicines that claimed to be a cure-all panacea were extremely common from the 18th until the 20th century, particularly among vendors masking addictive drugs such as cocaine, amphetamine, alcohol and opium-based concoctions and/or elixirs, to be sold as medication and/or products promoting health at medicine shows.
In 18th-century Europe, especially in the UK, viper oil had been commonly recommended for many afflictions, including the ones for which oil from the rattlesnake (pit viper,) a type of viper native to America, was subsequently favored to treat rheumatism and skin diseases.[6] Though there are accounts of oil obtained from the fat of various vipers in the Western world, the claims of its effectiveness as a medicine have never been thoroughly examined, and its efficacy is unknown. It is also likely that much of the snake oil sold by Western entrepreneurs was illegitimate, and did not contain ingredients derived from any kind of snake. Snake oil in the United Kingdom and United States probably contained modified mineral oil.
In popular culture within the United States, snake oil is particularly renowned to be a commodity peddled at American Old West-themed medicine shows, although the judgment condemning snake oil as medicine took place in Rhode Island, and involved snake oil manufactured in Massachusetts.[7] The snake oil peddler is a stock character in Western movies, depicted as a traveling "doctor" with dubious credentials, selling fake medicines with boisterous marketing hype, often supported by pseudo-scientific evidence. To increase sales, an accomplice in the crowd (a shill) will often attest to the value of the product in an effort to provoke buying enthusiasm. The "doctor" will leave town before his customers realize they have been cheated.[2] This practice has wide-ranging implications, and is known as a confidence trick, a type of fraud. This particular confidence trick is purported to have been a common mechanism utilized by peddlers in order to sell various counterfeit and generic medications at medicine shows.
In 1916, subsequent to the passage of the Pure Food and Drug Act in 1906, Clark Stanley's Snake Oil Liniment was examined by the Bureau of Chemistry, and found to be drastically overpriced and of limited value. As a result, Stanley faced federal prosecution for peddling mineral oil in a fraudulent manner as snake oil. In his 1916 civil hearing instigated by federal prosecutors in the U.S. District Court for Rhode Island, Stanley plead no contest to the allegations against him, giving no admission of guilt.[7] His plea of nolo contendere was accepted, and as a result, Stanley was fined $20.00.[7] This amount of money corresponds to roughly $457 in 2018.[8] The term snake oil has since been established in popular culture as a reference to any worthless concoction sold as medicine, and has been extended to describe a widely ranging degree of fraudulent goods, services, ideas, and activities such as worthless rhetoric in politics. By further extension, a snake oil salesman is commonly used in English to describe a quack, huckster, or charlatan. It is also used in a de facto manner to describe the general nature of many modern professions such as a politician or religious leader, most especially Islamic Imams and Christian ministers. It is also commonly used in a quackery sense to describe many present day physicians and doctors associated with medical malpractice, such as an internist, as well as many attorneys filing frivolous lawsuits, and is often used as a broad term to describe anyone in the profession of sales, most commonly car salespeople and pharmaceutical sales representatives.
Fraudulent marketing techniques employed by Western businesspersons producing snake oil are not dissimilar from most advertising campaigns employed in accordance with entrepreneurial business practices today. Such deception is prevalent in storefronts, among retail stores, as well as among peddlers who sell a wide array of products, and is particularly common in services marketing. Examples of modern products alleged to be marketed similarly to snake oil are products of herbalism, dietary supplements, or a Tibetan singing bowl (used for healing.) Common indictments of false advertising for these, and other products marketed similarly to snake oil often materialize in allegations of dubious advertising claims that these products are scientific, healthy, or natural.
Quite unlike snake oil in traditional Chinese medicine, there are quasi-justifiable means to codify snake oil in Western culture as a fraudulent panacea given that there are no known accounts of snake oil peddled in the United States or Europe containing any trace of actual snake extract. Thus, it is generally assumed that any variety of snake oil is in line with most other patent medicine available in the 18th and 19th centuries, although it is generally noted that snake oil is less dangerous than many other patent medicines containing intoxicating, or hazardous ingredients. Nonetheless, snake oil represents a concept for a particular type of fraud that may be extended to many of the same intoxicating drugs once sold at medicine shows that remain widely prescribed and available today. Most of these drugs are now manufactured by pharmaceutical companies, or fall under government control in some form or fashion.
In his own ads, Hawley uses old footage of Schaefer describing himself as moderate, something Schaefer now denies. A super PAC ad that separately accuses Schaefer of backing legislation that allowed Chinese ownership of Missouri farmland ends with the announcer asking, “Whose side is he on?” Schaefer calls that ad “ridiculous,” adding that the change in state law to allow pork interest Smithfield Foods to sell its 42,000 Missouri acres to a Hong Kong-based enterprise “wasn’t even my bill, and it passed overwhelmingly.”
A popular basis supporting a right to suicide is the idea that we own our bodies and hence are morally permitted to dispose of them as we wish. (Recall from section 3.3 that some religious arguments for the impermissibility of suicide depend on God’s ownership of our bodies.) On this view, our relationship to our bodies is like that of our relationship to other items over which we enjoy property rights: Just as our having a right to a wristwatch permits us to use, improve, and dispose of it as we wish, so too does our having a right to our bodies permit us to dispose of them as we see fit. Consequently, since property rights are exclusive (i.e., our having property rights to a thing prohibits others from interfering with it), others may not interfere with our efforts to end our lives. The notion of self-ownership invoked in this argument is quite murky though. What enables us to own ordinary material items is their metaphysical distinctness from us (Cholbi 2011, 84–86). We can own a wristwatch only because it is distinct from us. Materialist philosophers, who hold that we are identical to our bodies, would deny that our bodies are distinct from ourselves, and even under the most dualistic views of human nature, our selves are sufficiently dependent upon our bodies to make ownership of the body by the self an implausible notion. Indeed, the fact that certain ways of treating ordinary property are not available to us as ways of treating our bodies (we cannot give away or sell our bodies in any literal sense) suggests that self-ownership may be only a metaphor meant to capture a deeper moral relationship (Kluge 1975, 119). In addition, uses of one’s property, including its destruction, can be harmful to others. Thus, in cases where suicide may harm others, we may be morally required to refrain from suicide. (See section 3.5 for arguments concerning duties to others.)
Over the past few years, Rick Snyder, Michigan’s governor, has appointed a series of “emergency managers” — unelected technocrats, with powers to sell off public assets, invalidate union contracts and to undermine local democracy.
There’s perhaps no other show in existence that so expertly depicts one man’s genuine descent into darkness quite so well as Breaking Bad. It’s a slow burn effect the creators were only able to achieve over several engrossing seasons. Remember when we used to feel sorry for Walt? At his core, he was a family man – his decision to start cooking ice grounded in a wanton desire to be a capable provider to his family, something a teacher’s salary simply could not accomplish. The problem? Walter White never intended to beat his bleak diagnosis, his measured survival borrowing time to sell off his soul entirely. It’s a fascinating character study unlike anything else on television.
King’s tactics focus on sites that sell premium subscriptions in order to provide users with improved access to user-uploaded content even though, importantly, those sites have no part in providing it. Secondly, he’s aiming for sites that pay members cash for uploading content that achieves many downloads.
“In the main file lockers are simply modern-day ‘fences’ of stolen goods. Just like a thief would take a stolen television or car radio to the pub and sell it for a few dollars, there are thousands of people around the world who take copyright content, upload it to an incentivized file locker, then get a few dollars to as much as $30 for 1000 downloads of that content.”
Beyond just donations, though, the key players in this industry have created careers peddling this type of hate - careers that bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars in salaries each year. They sell books, have provided training for law enforcement officials, and charge astronomical fees for speaking engagements.
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
All Orlando Imagine Dragons sold on this site are 100% real, authentic tickets valid for admission to the event
In her 49-year-long career, Chelsea Quinn Yarbro has sold 97 books and 83 shorter works in many genres. She is best-known for her Saint-Germain series of historical horror stories. She writes in a number of genres and under five different pseudonyms.
Aetherworks Marvel decks were the archtype that showed up in the greatest numbers, constituting nearly 18% of the total field on Day 1. When they work, the various flavors of Marvel decks can drop a gigantic threat such as Ulamog or Emrakul into play as early as Turn 4. They have also generated some truly embarrassing moments for their pilots however, with too many of their top end threats stuck in hand resulting in fail to find adventures when activating the Marvel. Heading into Day 2 it will be important to identify whether a proportional number of these decks have made it through to Day 2, or whether the group think on going big was off the mark. The spike has already taken place however, with the card pushing from $10 to $20 early Friday evening. It will need to make Top 8 to avoid a wholescale sell off by the speculators come Monday.
But wait, there is more! In addition to this, Warren Sharp is a tout. While The Ringer generously promotes his site, Sharp Football Stats, they don’t seem to mention his other site, Sharp Football Analysis, where Sharp sells football picks to gamblers. (You can buy a season long membership for the low, low price of $250….) According to Sharp, his record, shown below, is a 59% winning percentage over 12 years, with a whopping 77% win percentage in Overs (which is somehow different than “Over Leans”).
An asking price of between £150m and £200m has been discussed with potential buyers, valuing the Baggies much higher than was originally expected when Peace invited offers earlier this year. The increase is due to the new three-year, £5bn Premier League broadcast rights deal, which is expected to increase to around £7bn when overseas rights are sold in the next few weeks.
"That's not being disrespectful, because I and many others are proud that we are a town team and proud of what we achieve." Peace, who owns 77 per cent of Baggies shares, confirmed in mid-February that he was willing to sell to a suitable investor, although he stressed he is keen to ensure the club's future is protected. In the statement he said: "I stated in 2008 that I was open to proposals regarding investment in the club.
Miller: We’ve done projects in 15 different markets. The highest profile was we raised $5 million for Three World Trade Center. We sold $5 million of the senior bond, the senior construction loan on that deal. We’ve done about half of our business between Washington, D.C. and New York, and just launched offices in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Most of our deals are between $5 million to $25 million in size. Again, we’re funding another real estate company. They come to us. We’re funding a portion of that deal. And most of them are urban areas in transition. So buying apartment buildings, upgrading the units, then selling or refinancing. There are lots of different types of projects, but always in some development or transition.
Sen. Dennis Egan, D-Juneau, urged money be put back into the budget for the Alaska Marine Highway System, saying cuts the Legislature has proposed would mean thousands of already sold ferry tickets would have to be refunded, costing the state money and disrupting travel schedules.
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
But here is where it becomes, as the bbc’s Robert Peston says, a “geopolitical thriller.” Secretary Paulson recounts: “Here I’m not going to name the senior person, but I was meeting with someone …. This person told me that the Chinese had received a message from the Russians which was, ‘Hey let’s join together and sell Fannie and Freddie securities on the market.’ The Chinese weren’t going to do that but again, it just, it just drove home to me how vulnerable I felt until we had put Fannie and Freddie into conservatorship [the rescue plan for them, that was eventually put in place].”
But here’s the thing: when Luckey says all he wants to do is to see VR exist, he seems to mean it. On his Twitter feed, he regularly endorses rival products: the new, more powerful Playstation earned a “This is good for VR!”, even though it was designed for Sony's competitor headset. In the early days of Oculus, Luckey planned to sell the blueprints to the Rift for enthusiasts to build themselves. Even after all this time, he appears to feel the same way. He’s heading towards the promised land of science-fiction, where all conflicts will be resolved and we will have freedom to do whatever we want.
The property that is not used by law enforcement is sold at a public auction. The money is then split between the police department where the property was seized and the Mercer County Prosecutor’s Office, McMurtry said.
People accused of vampirism are not the only victims. In Malawi, Mozambique, and Tanzania, people with albinism are regularly murdered and dismembered, their body parts sold for witchcraft rituals. Amnesty International reports the situation as a “human rights crisis” because Malawi’s albino population faces possible “systemic extinction.”
Meanwhile, the late 2010 launch of Kinect for Xbox 360 was a staggering success, with a phenomenal eight million units shifted, making it the most successful consumer electronics launch in history - and also, according to sources at Microsoft, making Xbox 360 the first console to sell more in its fifth year on the shelves than it did in its fourth. Each of these factors had a profound impact on Microsoft's thinking behind the next-gen Xbox.
Scores of life-saving medicines are sold for much lower prices in India, attracting foreigners who have been denied access to, or can't afford, them at home.
It's also expensive, costing $84,000 for a 12-week course in the U.S. Doctors often prescribe the drug -- sold under the brand names Sovaldi and Harvoni -- in combination with others, further raising the overall cost of treatment.
But the iron won’t disappear right away. It will still be included in original Monopoly games that will be sold for most of the rest of this year.
Cows in Bangladesh sell for three to four times what they fetch in India, and resourceful traffickers have devised new, brutal ways to get around the obstacle.
Initially, state environmental officials said inspectors had not visited the site in more than two decades. But on Thursday, the state’s Department of Environmental Protection said it had made a half-dozen visits since 2001 when the tank farm, which once stored gasoline, was sold and converted to chemical storage. Inspectors checked the air and soil quality, but apparently not the dozen or so tanks.
The Times Co. has been moving to pay down debt with asset sales and to raise more revenue from readers through digital products and a pay meter on its website. Last week it said it plans to sell About.com, the reference site it bought in 2005 for $410 million, to Answers.com for $270 million. Paid digital subscriptions to NYTimes.com and sibling BostonGlobe.com, meanwhile, increased 13% in the second quarter to total 532,000 on March 18.
A: That's a complicated question. It has disappointed the public, because it is meant to be the ultimate safe haven. But when the euro was close to collapsing in the last year, actually gold went down, because if people needed to sell something, they could sell gold. Therefore they sold gold. So gold went down together with everything else.
That being said, his point about how gold is not a safe-haven is spot on. During overall weakness, when central banks are trying to push down real interest rates, gold seems to benefit. But in a real panic, people sell gold to raise cash.
The head of AMD development team graphics architectures - Kaduri Raja - has clarified the situation with the ability to create pocket graphics for smartphones, tablets and other portable devices. As is known, in 2009, AMD has sold Qualcomm's division and the development of similar purpose - platform Adreno. Since then, AMD efforts have been directed to develop graphical solutions for computer platforms and consoles. Chef Radeon Technologies Group acknowledged that the company does not see any sense to develop "pocket" GPU due to the high cost and the lack of demand.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial Show all 90 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013
The front office went on to sell Ebron as their first choice all through the process, but that was not necessarily the case. Martin Mayhew throughout his time as Lions GM had multiple plans going at all times with his wheeling and dealing nature and those decisions could have had massive impacts on the franchise going forward. Lets examine a couple of those moves that almost were:
Hundreds of public comments have poured in to the FDA ahead of two days of hearings that begin Monday. The agency said it wants more data to “better assess the risks and benefits” of homeopathic remedies, which have become a mainstay on modern pharmacy shelves, often sold alongside over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs. Stores such as Whole Foods feature sections of homeopathic remedies aimed at treating conditions including allergies and heartburn.
Georgia Power also announced it would sell solar panel installation services to interested residential customers.
Does your EpiPen cost a fortune? Blame Mylan for that. Anger and bipartisan disgust toward Mylan, the drugmaker that sells the EpiPen, increased after the company hiked up prices to $608 for a two-pack, up from about $100 in 2009. The company is also under fire for other shady practices involving the CEO’s mother. But Mylan's chief executive says not so fast."I think many people incorrectly assume we make $600 off each EpiPen. This is simply not true," CEO Heather Bresch told a House committee in Washington. Missing from Bresch’s testimony: an apology. She instead defended her $18 million compensation package. The public isn’t buying it.
In October 2007, the New York Post published allegations that Fisher's husband, Lou Bellera, had sold a sex tape of the couple to Red Light District Video of Los Angeles.[20] Red Light District Video published a press release stating that it intended to release a sex video of the couple.[21] On October 31, nude pictures of Fisher from the video were posted at various Internet sites, and on November 1, 2007, a teaser clip was released by Red Light District Video that showed a nude Fisher showering and sunbathing. Of note were a tattoo surrounding her navel and a breast augmentation. On November 6, 2007, Fisher sued Red Light District and its owner David Joseph, claiming copyright infringement and other damages.[22] But by November 8, 2007, amyfisher.com, a website of whose ownership Fisher had previously fought to win, had begun pointing directly to the Red Light District website.[23]
*after looking at their site, it’s not obvious to me that Timbuk2 still sells the same size Swig that I purchased two years ago. I purchased the medium, and they now only have one size.
Next up is [Jenny List] with The Australia Project. [Jenny] is a hacker from Europe. She’s hoping to use a Pi Zero to talk to Australia. “Talk” may be pushing it a bit though. The Australia Project will use the Weak Signal Propagation Reporter (WSPR) network to transmit RF straight out of the Pi’s GPIO ports. All that is required is a good filter, an antenna, and a balun. The filter in this case is a 7-pole Chebyshev low-pass filter. The filter keeps the Pi’s harmonic filled square waves from messing up every band from DC to light. [Jenny] normally sells these filters as a kit, but she’s made a special version specifically for the Pi Zero.
Under Dorr’s leadership, PieLab may still realize some of the transformative goals imagined by the original crew. Early in the process, PieLab began working with YouthBuild, a job-training-and-remedial-education program, affiliated with the U.S. Department of Labor. At first, 20-somethings from programs like that were ancillary to the PieLab effort. Now job training appears to be primary. Some of the changes have been more pragmatic. PieLab no longer opens at 9 in the morning, as it did when the Project M crew ran the show. Gone are the stacks of take-one, leave-one cards with recipes for graduate-student fodder like tofu stroganoff. Gone, too, is the pie-only menu. PieLab now serves homemade biscuits at 7 in the morning to farmers and construction workers. In the afternoon, it sells butter-crusted quiches, piled with precut nubs of ham, to lunchtime tourists, drawn by glossy photos in magazines like Bon Appétit.
After the presentation, in which Poliquin discussed a bill to sell federal buildings in order to give a one-time boost in Social Security payments, residents and guests again attempted to ask questions. The congressman didn’t answer any and quickly left through a side door.
Well, here's something else for DTV nail biters to chew on: a top retailing expert says that the nation's electronic appliances stores could sell out of analog-to-digital converter boxes around, roughly, this month.
The increasingly popular trend in drug use is methamphetamine, also known as speed, crank, ice, glass, crystal meth, sketch, go, junk, wake up, zoom, crystal, cridium, stuff, tweak, dope, and lines. It can be snorted, smoked, injected and eaten, making it a versatile drug to administer. Crystal Meth is typically sold in 1/4 gram ($20-25), one gram ($50-75), and 1/8 ounce ($140-180). It is cheaper and more accessible than cocaine and appears not to have the same stigma associated with it. Police say $100 can buy a cocaine user a twenty-minute high; the same amount can keep a meth user buzzed for a day or two.
So, most U.S. carriers rushed to offer service to Cuba. Since no market existed previously, and since the Cuban economy is so stunted it’s likely that they did not expect the kind of immediate profitability that the Obama Administration had implied. So perhaps they rushed to launch service to Cuba in an effort to stake an early claim in a market that they might eventually actually be worthwhile to serve, to grab free service rights that they might be able to sell later at a profit to a stronger competitor, or to protect their market share positions in U.S. markets like south Florida where large numbers of Cuban-Americans live and conceivably might want to visit their familial homeland and relatives from time to time.
Twenty years ago, shock washed over Ireland. After the Catholic Church sold a parcel of a North Dublin convent’s grounds to a commercial developer, and the construction dig began, 155 bodies were discovered in unmarked graves. The place had been a Magdalene asylum for “wayward girls.” Apparently, inmates who met an early end had been buried in secret — many without a death certificate, without notification of parents or other family, and all without the dignity of even the simplest grave marker.
“Mr. Shriver sold out his country and repeatedly sought a position in our intelligence community so that he could provide classified information to the PRC (People’s Republic of China),” U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said in a statement.
Cambridge Analytica, one of Robert Mercer’s enterprises, was the primary data-gathering organization for Ted Cruz’s data-driven campaign. Under Steve Bannon’s leadership Breitbart Media ran a candidate poll for two years gathering the user data on behalf of Cambridge Analytica and Robert Mercer who then sold the data back to the Cruz campaign to use in donor solicitations.
If you think the fact that we have sold in excess of 2 million records and have never been paid a penny is pretty unbelievable, well, so do we. And the fact that EMI informed us that not only aren't they going to pay us AT ALL but that we are still 1.4 million dollars in debt to them is even crazier. That the next record we make will be used to pay off that old supposed debt just makes you start wondering what is going on. Shouldn't a record company be able to turn a profit from selling that many records? Or, at the very least, break even? We think so.
(We pack and sell raw local honey in plastic jars.)
In recent weeks, Deutsche Bank has scrambled to reach agreements with American regulators over a host of alleged misdeeds. But because the president has not sold his company, the bank remains a central arena for potential conflicts between his family’s business interests and the actions of officials in his administration.
But they are waiting until Feb. 10 to open to ensure they have enough beer in the tanks, Canally said. They are very aware of embarrassing stories involving other local breweries that opened but then sold out within days, forcing them to close until they had more beer available.
For the first couple of years, we're just going to sell beer and try to have some nice parties. - Culum Canally, part owner of Together We're Bitter
"For the first couple of years, we're just going to sell beer and try to have some nice parties and nice events," he said.
It has agreed to sell 10% of Hellenic Telecom to Deutsche Telekom for about 400m euros.
Next year, the government plans to sell stakes in Athens Water, refiner Hellenic Petroleum, electricity utility PPC, lender ATEbank as well as ports, airports, motorway concessions, state land and mining rights.
Analysts said it made sense for News Corp to sell its stake.
“As a non-strategic equity investment, it makes sense to sell the equity stake in NDS completely’” Juenger said.
If third parties can't be trusted – and as long as you're talking about humans, they can't – how can you confidently buy and sell online?
A breakfast burrito usually sells for $4.49, so it’s definitely the perfect way for hungry bargain hunters to wake up on a Saturday mornin’.
The contamination is believed to date to September 2009, meaning millions of pounds of potentially tainted HVP -- all of which the company has recalled -- was shipped in bulk to foodmakers over five months. Many of those companies then sold their products to other clients, complicating the chain and making it hard for federal officials to gauge the scope of the problem.
On its website, Avenue Car and Truck Rentals, at 180 Nantucket Blvd., unit 5 (the same location where Tomas dropped off his car) claims to be the GTA’s “premier car rental agency.” It not only rents and sells cars but offers “car detailing” services,” the website says.
At the moment, however, the prospects of that remain slim. United are steadfast in their refusal to sell Rooney and it is understood the club may attempt a more conciliatory approach in order to keep him happy.
Amazon told the government that it had strengthened its in-house compliance units that monitor products sold by third-party vendors on its websites, the document said.
The picture Martin paints of himself as a kid growing up is Dickensian in its pathos. He was born in 1948. His family was very poor. His father was a longshoreman. Little George used to scrimp together money to buy comics and movie tickets by writing and performing "little monster stories". He sold them to the other kids in the projects for a nickel. (These were composed longhand, on school notebook paper.)
"The importance of chess to me was not as a player but as a tournament director. In my early 20s, I was writing. I sold a few short stories. My big dream was to be a full-time writer and support myself with my fiction but I wasn't making enough money to pay my rent and pay the phone bill – so I had to have a day job."
That would mean that if another Premier League club puts in an offer for Bale before June 30, 2019, Spurs have 72 hours to match the offer - and if they do, Real have to sell him back to Spurs.
Despite Apple’s high praise for the new device, which supposedly outsold the original iPhone and iPad during their first few weeks of launch, ASE is now expecting to fall well short of the 18 million units Li forecasted it would sell this year.
Only the Center City location didn’t get its ANC’s nod, but city health director Mohammad N. Akhter chose to keep it eligible to sell medical marijuana anyway.
He told the investigator that the woman, about 26, had sold subscriptions to his mother. When she didn’t deliver them, his mother got upset and so did he.
In the other cases, Forsythe was convicted of numerous crimes and will be sentenced Jan. 3 by a judge in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court. Prosecutors say she stole $12,000 diamond earrings from Kunitz’s home in 2013 and sold them to jewelry stores. The earrings were a birthday present for Kunitz’s wife, Maureen.
Forsythe acknowledged stealing the diamond earrings from Maureen Kunitz’s bedroom while the couple wasn’t home, the Collier Township police complaint said. Forsythe then sold a loose diamond from one earring to a jewelry store for $2,542 and the other earring to a precious metals and jewelry store for $1,408.50.
This story has been corrected to say earrings were sold to jewelry stores rather than jury stores.
On Sunday, kids of all ages played kickball on teams according to age, donning neon T-shirts with a Danny Did Foundation logo. On the perimeter of the park, volunteers sold popcorn, pizza and snow cones, all of Danny's favorite foods, Duffy said.
Jim Warren was DDJ's editor for only about a year and a half. While he went on to make a splash with his series of West Coast Computer Faires, subsequent DDJ editors[1] like Marlin Ouverson,[2][3] Hank Harrison, Michael Swaine and Jonathan Erickson appear to have focused on the journalistic and social aspects of the young but growing microcomputer industry. Eventually PCC, the non-profit corporation, sold DDJ to a commercial publisher.[1]
The album debuted at No. 98 on the Billboard 200 albums chart on its first week of release,[36] with around 5,000 sold in the United States. It also debuted at No. 8 on the Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart.[37] As of December 2015, the album has sold 110,000 copies in the US.[38] It has sold over 150,000 units. [39] In 2012 it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association which indicated sales of at least 20,000 copies throughout Europe.[40]
For the cloud and general datacenter users, there will be two standard gigabit Ethernet ports, although they’ll be glad to sell additional capability to add 10GbE as an option as well. While HPC is all about the IOPS, latency and general performance, Chadhury says that the cloud customers simply want to get up and running as soon as possible—it’s all about time to delivery, he says
Sr. MemberActivity: 274Merit: 250 Re: [ANNOUNCE] BTCtoX - Rate Converter between BTC and other currencies June 24, 2012, 07:49:12 PM #14 This is an idea, since I'm not in trading -- but if there was an API to retrieve a dump of prices in many exchanges, one could build a graph structure and try to compute a cycle of trade to make money. For example, I know that I can buy bitcoin at the cavirtex for CAD for less than mtgox, then sell it for USD on mtgox, move the money accross the border back to canada with RBC USA free cross-border transfer, and be in net profit. Of course there are commission fees in the exchanges, but it is a matter to have all the data quickly retrieved in one location, and running some search and optimization code on it. Since you are querying all those exchanges anyways, maybe you can bunch up all the data into one json, and allow people to make such an application of off your api? Just10.com -- Ad-Free Private Social Network for just 10 of your friends.
I couldn't help thinking that Wednesday night we have been sold a bill of goods by a slick-haired, earnest-looking, fast-talking salesman. Harold Hill, move over. Apologies to Meredith Willson of The Music Man fame, but if these guys win — we surely got trouble, my friends. Trouble with a capital "T" and that rhymes with "P" and that stands for Paul.
I’m currently in the UK, and while there is plenty of history and culture to take in, naturally I’m all about the full bust bra offerings. Top on the list of UK retailers for me is Bravissimo. Whenever I’m in the UK, I try my best to figure out a way to visit one of their stores. Yes, this is a brick and mortar store that sells a wide range of fuller bust brands, including their own house brand. Luckily I have been able to shop there about once or twice a year for the past few years. This week I returned to the Bravissimo store in Cheltenham for the second year in a row and thought it would be a good time to write up a store review regarding my experience there, which was an overall positive one.
In February 2016, due to customer feedback, Trader Joe's announced their goal "to have all the eggs they sell in western states (CA, OR, WA, AZ, NM and CO) come from cage-free suppliers by 2020 and all the eggs we sell nationally to come from cage-free suppliers by 2025."[16]
While a typical grocery store may carry 50,000 items, Trader Joe's stocks about 4,000 items, 80% of which bear one of its own brand names.[2] Trader Joe's describes itself as "your neighborhood grocery store". Products include gourmet foods, organic foods, vegetarian foods, unusual frozen foods, imported foods, domestic and imported wine and beer (where local law permits), "alternative" food items, and staples such as bread, cereal, eggs, dairy, coffee, and produce. The company sells its bananas for 19 cents each instead of by the pound. Non-food items include personal hygiene products, household cleaners, vitamins, pet food, plants, and flowers.
Trader Joe's sells many items under its own private labels, at a significant discount to brand-name equivalents, and requires its brand-name suppliers not to publicize this business relationship.[2] Trader Joe's labels are sometimes named in accordance with the ethnicity of the food in question, such as "Trader Jose's" (Mexican food), "Baker Josef's" (flour and bagels), "Trader Giotto's" (Italian food), "Trader Joe-San's" (Japanese food), "Trader Ming's" (Asian food), "JosephsBrau" (beer), and "Trader Jacques'" (French food and soaps). By selling almost all of its products under its own labels, Trader Joe's "skips the middle man" and buys directly from both local and international small-time vendors.[28]
In June 2017, Trader Joe's launched the “puff dog”, a roll of spiced sausage meat wrapped in puff pastry, which it claimed to have invented.[37] Social media and British and Commonwealth media pointed out that the sausage roll was a traditional British savory snack,[37] where bakery-chain Greggs sells around 2.5 million sausage rolls per week.
This takes a break from the more theatrical nature of the other videos and opts to give you a few testimonials. Hearing professionals talk about how the Surface Studio helps them do wonders to sell the device. Mix this praise with some upbeat instrumentals and a few great shots of the Studio at work, and you’ve got a solid ad.
Editorialists and columnists huffed and puffed about Justin Trudeau’s “diplomatic maturity,” while Prime Minister Harper accused Trudeau of trying “to rationalize or make excuses” for those responsible for the bombings. A year later, in October 2014, Trudeau spoke about the 2003 Iraq invasion at the “Canada 2020” conference, saying it was sold to the public “with overheated, moralistic rhetoric that obscured real flaws in the strategy and the plan to implement it.” He went on: “It was a mission that destabilized the region, sowed further conflict, cost our allies three trillion dollars and cost thousands of people their lives. The world is still dealing with the consequences of that mistake.” Well, he was right, and we should learn from it. Hopefully, “root causes” in this new Trudeau era may again be in vogue. Tony Burman, former head of CBC News and Al Jazeera English, teaches journalism at Ryerson University. Reach him @TonyBurman or at tony.burman@gmail.com .
During their investigation, officers were also approached by subsistence fishermen who illegally sold fish to them.
Looking around at holiday decorations and sales, we noticed an alarming lack of zombies.We need to fix that.To help you spread the zombie cheer through the holiday seasons, we have put the games on sale today for 75% off. This includes Left 4 Dead Left 4 Dead 2 , the bundles, the four packs – everything is 75% off today!We also put all our L4D & L4D2 merchandise on sale at the Valve store . This includes the holiday cards at 75% discount! ( L4D1 L4D2 ) We also have shirts, posters, mouse pads and more on sale.One of the most requested gift items we see is the health kit back pack. We don’t sell them but Glitch Gaming Apparel does. If you use the coupon code “I Love L4D2”, you will get $4 off any order.I know what some of you are thinking, you are NOT a last minute gift kind of person. You are a preparing for the Zombie Apocalypse kind of person. You prepare early. Your 2011 gifts were delivered last June. You are picking out your Halloween decorations this week. You're thinking about your 2012 gifts already. We respect that. For you we have an articulated action figure boomer . It was created by NECA and will go on sale early next spring for under $20 at major retailers. Just in time for your 2012 holiday gift buying.
Nobody would accuse Bill Ford of hyping Ford Motor's (F, Fortune 500) prospects. But he is an ardent environmentalist who would like to align his family's auto company more closely to his own interests. In a speech before the National Press Club in 2005, he talked about Ford's intention to build "up to 250,000 hybrids by 2010." "Up to" is the operative phrase here -- Ford never came close. Ford sold exactly 35,496 hybrids last year.
His fame was such that he inspired a young man in New York to pen his very first complete song, about an Italian man who sells his barber shop and bets the proceeds on Pietri winning a race. “He run-a, run-a, run like anything/One-a, two-a hundred times around da ring/I cry, ‘Please-a nunga stop!”/Just then Dorando he’s a drop/Goodbye poor old barber shop”. The man is paid $25 for the song, but goes on to do better with others such as White Christmas and There’s No Business Like Show Business. His name is Irving Berlin.
"I'm hoping that we can sell more, but I want to start small first - then we can build it up little by little."
-- Not completely sold on Hassan Whiteside and Kelly Olynyk side by side in the starting lineup.
He is best known for his performances as Jean Valjean in the musical Les Misérables at the Queen's Theatre in London, the Les Misérables: 25th Anniversary Concert in October 2010, and in the Broadway revival. He played the lead role in Finding Neverland on Broadway beginning 29 March 2016.[3] As well, Boe shared a Tony Award with the other members of the ensemble cast of Baz Luhrmann's 2002 revival of La bohème in 2003.[1] He has sold over one million albums in the United Kingdom.[4]
Luxury isn’t just about something being expensive, it’s about feeling the craftsmanship and conveying the artisan spirit. I want you to experience the thought and effort that went into creating your Smashing yoyo when you receive one. Everything from the yoyo itself, the packaging, even the box it’s shipped in has some thought behind it. Finding the right packaging was an interesting experience. There are so many people trying to sell me unique and interesting boxes at a wide range of prices.
To end the post and provide an update we have some special 50/50 edition Poppets available for the drop day. They are limited to 1 of each and will be £67. You can view them yourself, right now on the store page. Finally, it’s sad but necessary to announce that we have no more of the G Squared Unicorn Acid Fade Poppets because they were so popular among the team and reviewers with the final 2 being sold at the UK National YoYo Contest on the 2nd. They will not be available to buy but we have plenty of everything else. The drop is 6pm GMT on Sunday 17th, don’t miss out!
In Laguna, Rudy Panlague, 40, alias Rudy, drew his gun when he sensed that he had sold shabu to undercover agents in Barangay Poblacion in San Pedro City on Monday night, said Superintendent Chitadel Gaoiran, Calabarzon (Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, Quezon) police spokesperson.
NASAs SWAT team successfully nabs a 4-foot-11, 73 year old lady trying to sell a piece of moon in order to raise money for her sick son.
Have you ever thought about owning a piece of moon? Well, you cant! NASA has given many lunar samples to different nations, states and even individual politicians and celebrities. Those gifts were made on the understanding that any lunar material remains government property. It is job of NASA’s inspector general to arrest anyone trying to sell it.
Granny Davis obviously didnt know how to go about selling this space heirlooms so she contacted (who else) another NASA contractor to see if they could help her in the sale of these items. For some strange reason, instead of simply knocking on her door and taking the moon-rock away or even just telling her that she cant sell those rocks, big Government agency decided to make an example of this old lady.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
Previous knowledge of similar allegations: Daudi has a long history of allegations of sexually harassing women from his days in the Kenya Blogger Webring (KBW), which was active in the mid to late 2000s. What is even more horrifying is that at least three of the Board members have known about Daudi’s alleged penchant for harassing women for a significant period of time. Juliana was an administrator at Kenya Unlimited as this was going on, while David Kobia was a co-founder and forum administrator at Mashada. Erik was also active online during this period and presumably was aware of these accusations. Even if he might not have heard of these allegations in the aughts, Erik Hersman was explicitly informed about allegations of sexual harassment against Daudi in late 2015 when a prominent Kenyan tech entrepreneur told him about them in November 2015. The allegations this time included sending unsolicited “dick pics” to women via DM on Twitter and making unwanted sexual advances to women within the Bishop Magua building (where Ushahidi, BRCK, GearBox and iHub were then located) and in the wider tech ecosystem. At this time Daudi was the acting Executive Director of Ushahidi Kenya. Despite all this knowledge, the Ushahidi Board made Daudi’s Executive Director position permanent in January 2016. Furthermore, even when presented with unequivocal proof of gross misconduct, as I did when I made my complaint on May 4th 2017, the board had to be subjected to intense public pressure before they did anything meaningful. For over nine weeks after I lodged this complaint, Daudi continued to act in his capacity as Executive Director: he participated in project meetings, strategy sessions and even international travel as the face of the organisation, including attending the 2017 Advancing Good Governance seminar and the 6th Annual Luxembourg Peace Prize Awards. He was only sent on compulsory leave on the same day that Quartz Africa ran a story (12th July). All through this ‘investigation’, the Board has bent over backwards to accommodate the requests of Daudi and his lawyer. Initially, they asked for the same level of procedure as a criminal court (e.g. witness lists and sworn statements) without having the authority to do so. Later, they turned around and insisted that it was an internal investigation and thus should exclude evidence from sources outside the company. The Board acceded to Daudi’s lawyer’s demands, apparently because they were afraid of a wrongful termination suit being filed by Daudi. This is at best disingenuous and at worst malicious. A company with the ethos Ushahidi purports to have should not shy away from doing what is right for fear of a lawsuit. Besides, had Daudi sued Ushahidi, he’d have effectively turned a private matter public as he would have had to declare why he was terminated. Court documents in Kenya are public documents: having my complaint and particularly that audio recording in the public domain logically went directly against his own best interests. Daudi’s explanation for the events of the evening was that he lost an earpiece of his hearing aid and Erik, as well as the Aberdare staff, were helping him look for it. I then allegedly joined them without invitation and refused to leave him so all his statements were made in an effort to get rid of me. However, at the time of our conversation, Erik had already retired to bed for the night. This can be attested to by any of the Ushahidi Team Members who were still at the bonfire. During the hearing, Erik did not correct Daudi on this point and in so doing, indirectly corroborated that untruth. Even if Erik had been awake, the fact that he was called upon as part of Daudi’s “alibi” should have clearly demonstrated his lack of independence. Erik should not have been a part of the panel that the Board constituted to investigate and make a decision. One cannot be a witness and judge in the same case! To date, Daudi still has his job: From the board’s latest update, Daudi has only been suspended. It is entirely possible that he may be reinstated in the company. This is despite the Board possessing audio evidence of him sexually harassing his junior as well as allegations from a plurality of victims which relate to multiple occurrences. Even with this, it still took public pressure for the Board to first send him on leave then suspend him. This is unacceptable. How are victims supposed to come forward if this is how a company with the reputation of Ushahidi handles these incidences?
“5th July: The Board communicates its decision to send the Respondent on leave until a decision is made.” It is not clear who they communicated that with. It certainly was not to me in the course of the hearing nor to the staff as I had access to e-mails until 10th July and this had definitely not been communicated to the team by then. Daudi was first sent on leave on 12th July after significant community and public pressure.
Leave of absence during the investigation: If and for how long the victim and perpetrator should be sent on compulsory (paid) leave as the investigation process is undertaken.
Chief Justice Roberts said the logic of the Davis decision required the court to strike down the Arizona law. Indeed, he said, it is one thing for the government to allow candidates to seek additional contributions and another for the government to send a check.
An e-mail sent to the McCain staff by a Times editor said it would be terrific to have an article from McCain but that the one sent in was not acceptable as currently written and that a new draft should articulate how McCain defines victory in Iraq.
In the letter sent to all 150 former bosses to give them the opportunity to raise any concerns, the corporation said: "PAC has recently confirmed in writing to the BBC that it is applying its Standing Order power to call for the 150 names and details of the 150 recipients of severance payments cited in the [National Audit Office] report, which includes you.
Ciancia had earlier that day sent a text message to his brother saying that he intended to take his own life. This led his father to contact police in the family's home state of New Jersey expressing concern for his state of mind and asking for help in locating him. They in turn contacted police in Los Angeles who sent a patrol car to Ciancia's apartment in the city. There, his two roommates said they had seen him the previous day and that he appeared to be fine.
There are people in Paris who keep scrapbooks on dubbing, who collect signed photos, who know what you've dubbed despite your name rarely appearing on the credits. I respect people's reasons for wanting to contact me, but I don't send out photos. People feel they know the voice and they want to know you. A voice is a very moving thing. Dubbing is taken seriously in France, and people get very upset if an actor who has dubbed a star for a long time suddenly changes. Audiences want continuity.
The economic benefits of legalizing marijuana are mind blowing. If marijuana was legalized and taxed at the same rate of tobacco, the money we would save on law enforcement and gain in tax revenue equals about $17 billion. As Nicholas Kristof notes, that is enough money to send every three and four year old in a poor neighborhood to pre-school. Or we could spend that money improving public school education. Or we could use the money to shore up border defense. Whatever we do, $17 billion is not exactly a trivial amount.
The apostles begged Jesus, for the good of all, to quickly send them away. There were too many in need for only a dozen hands to feed.
That’s because Russia already announced a drawdown back in 2016, shortly after the February ceasefire began, only to eventually send a number of reinforcements when that collapsed. Until a peace deal is negotiated, these drawdowns are always going to be seen as temporary.
Taylor's girlfriend told police she received a text from Taylor on February 26 telling her that he killed... [her] seven-month-old dog, named Rocko, after it defecated on the carpet. He then sent her a picture, according to a news release.
Who the fuck is in charge of hiring at the Baltimore police department? The arrest was made by the Montgomery County police department, who charged Taylor with animal cruelty and abuse. The Baltimore police department insisted in a statement that it took animal cruelty seriously, although Taylor was merely suspended without pay and not fired right away for being the kind of sociopath who kills a girlfriend’s pet and then sends her a picture (because his job is like a right!).
Austria sent a “good signal” today “to the capitals of the European Union,” Van der Bellen, who ran as an independent, said in an interview with public broadcaster ORF. “You can actually win elections with a pro-European position.”
3. In the semis, they blew a 1-0 first-leg lead against the hugely favored Barcelona, went down 2-0 in the away leg, saw John Terry sent off in the first half, and somehow, with 10 men, came back to win 3-2 when Fernando Torres — he of the recent 1,541-minute goal drought — scored on a breakaway counter in the 91st minute.
Talking with reporters Thursday, the president said he was "very surprised" by the FBI raid at Manafort's home and said it sent a "strong signal." Trump also said that the White House is cooperating with the special counsel probe even though, he said, the subjects under investigation never happened.
Tokyo is asking for all its regional governments to sharpen alert plans should Pyongyang’s tubby tyrant press the button and send nukes flying over the Sea of Japan.
"This is in retaliation for Afghanistan and because [Prime Minister Stephen Harper] wants to send his troops to Iraq," Zehaf-Bibeau, says in the video.
This is where the media comes in. Research that you hear about may be just one study designed to tackle a specific angle to a much larger problem. This is where the media (yes, ourselves at Lifehacker included) are at fault. Preliminary results published and popularized as cure-alls, rat cures touted as future human cures, it makes the public believe every miracle is a few trials away, and when it's not, people are frustrated and confused. This kind of poor communication and science reporting is a topic we've covered before in detail, and it plays a huge role in making the public's perception of science and medicine worse. As a result, it sends people running into the arms of diet hucksters and snake oil salesmen, eager to capitalize on that lack of trust.
Earlier, a source familiar with official U.S. assessments of electronic signals sent to geostationary satellites operated by Britain’s Inmarsat said it appeared most likely the plane had turned south over the Indian Ocean, where it would presumably have run out of fuel and crashed into the sea.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- One week after the Senate passed a $42 billion bill aimed at helping small businesses, the House voted Thursday to send the bill to President Obama's desk.
One day while she was out with friends, Lozoya says a man working for her pimp and his associates came up to her on the street, tapped her on the shoulder, and stabbed her in the stomach - she can't remember if it was three or four times. She does remember what the man said before sticking the knife in: "They sent me to wish you sweet dreams."
When she finally ran away, she filed a restraining order against him, she recalls. She thought that would keep him away; she hadn’t expected him to send someone to kill her.
Buy Photo Domestic abuse victims who call the police often won’t have to worry about being kicked out of their rental properties under a bill approved by the Legislature and sent to the governor Wednesday, April 27, 2016. (Photo: William Petroski/The Register)Buy Photo
Now Variety has talked to the animators while keeping their names out of the story. And it all sounds true. The “Open Letter” referenced above was a petition sent to Annapurna Pictures—the production company behind the film—by the animators telling them about the conditions. According an animator, one of the reasons they had to send a letter to the clients was because the person that received the complaints about Nitrogen was Nicole Stine, Tiernan’s wife.
At this point, it should come as no surprise when Donald Trump manipulates the truth to his political advantage. However, presenting false racially biased statistics a day after an African-American protester was thrown out of one of his events doesn’t send the best message.
One would think that House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), of all people, who just sent you a detailed letter of inquiry and caution, citing Congressional authority, should give you pause. Increasingly, you are coming across, even to your hardcore political supporters, as impulsively aggressive, too quick to order killing operations and too slow to contemplate waging of peace.
A newer, improved approach to measuring resistance came after the DC approach. Using AC power, battery scientists were able to send an AC signal through the battery at a very specific frequency. The frequency here is the key point.
Police sent armed officers and seized the dogs. A 64-year-old man has been arrested and bailed.
Also covered in the discussion: the senator's efforts to vote down the recent blockbuster arms sale to Saudi Arabia ("winning a battle like this would send a huge message out there"), the Trump administration's tough-on-crime posture ("I think there's very little of this attorney general, this Department of Justice, doing anything favorable towards criminal justice or towards civil liberties"), criticism of Paul's vote to confirm Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and his reaction to the Comey hearing, which we teased out yesterday.
Pearson said her life turned around at the age of 18 when Arnold Loney, a local drug dealer who looked out for her and sent her money in prison, was shot and killed.[1] He was the one who gave her the nickname Snoop because she reminded him of Charlie Brown's beagle Snoopy in the comic strip Peanuts.[1] While in prison, she earned her GED and was released in 2000.[1] She landed a local job fabricating car bumpers, but was fired after only two weeks when her employer learned she had a prison record.
Sleepaway camp is a rite of passage for many city tots. And with camps ranging from $8,000 to $13,000 for a full seven-week term, it’s an expensive one. But, for some parents, it’s not enough to send their kids away to lavish rural retreats. They hire professional packers to ensure their children’s trunks are perfectly assembled, send them off on private planes with platters of Zabar’s smoked salmon and even bring the household staff to visiting day to dust bust the cabin while the parents and kids reconnect after a grueling 3 ½ weeks apart.
Leslie Venokur, founder of Big City Moms, a parenting Web site, sends her 8-year-old daughter, Sami, to Camp Pontiac in the Berkshires. Venokur says the girls’ beds are covered in gifts and food by the end of visiting day — no matter that all edible contraband is typically thrown out or donated after 24 hours.
Daytona Beach might want to send those officers back to the police academy for more training. Because it’s pretty clear from the gas station-like background and the coiled plastic cables attached to both guns that the guy—who also looks young enough to be a teenager or possibly a college student—is posing for a photo in a store, not trying to start a big, scary race war.
When Sisi and the military took control of the government and arrested Morsi in July 2013, Morsi supporters occupied two public squares and staged sit-ins, hoping for a repeat of the peaceful revolution in Tahrir Square. But this time Sisi sent in tanks and soldiers and massacred at least 1,000 people.
“There are two theories,” said Karim Abdelrady, an Egyptian human rights lawyer. “One is that there is a feud between the Egyptian secret services, and one branch dumped the body in order to embarrass the other.” A long, detailed anonymous letter that was sent to the Italian embassy in Bern, Switzerland and published by La Repubblica described complicated machinations within different branches of the Egyptian secret services, and reported that Regeni’s body had been wrapped in an Egyptian army blanket, as if to direct suspicion towards the military police. But Italian investigators say that they have no way to confirm or deny the information in this document.
The lead prosecutor, Sergio Colaiocco, travelled to England in June, having sent a request to two Cambridge professors for an interview. The university says it received no notification from the Italian government, but learned of the request informally from Cambridge police. The two professors initially agreed to meet with the prosecutor, but then declined to be interviewed. This prompted a brief firestorm, with the Italian deputy foreign minister, Mario Giro, taking to Twitter to shame Cambridge for its lack of cooperation. An Italian professor who teaches at Oxford, Federico Varese, also criticised Cambridge in an interview with La Repubblica: “The university bears some measure of moral responsibility for not protecting [Regeni] and not grasping that the kind of ‘participatory research’ he was doing increased the risk. It seems that their priority is only to protect Cambridge from possible legal responsibility and a request for damages.”
“I think this polemic with Cambridge has been overblown,” said one close friend of Regeni’s in Egypt. He pointed out that Abdelrahman had continued to do the same kind of field research that Regeni was pursuing. “She was not a professor who remained in the library and sent out her students to do field work. The truth about Giulio’s murder is in Egypt, not Cambridge, in the increasing paranoia of the regime.”
“Although we represent so-called ‘high value detainees, many of our concerns relate to the treatment of all prisoners, to include men whose internment appears to be indefinite” states a 13-page letter and signed by nineteen attorneys, including several who represent self-professed 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Abd al Rahim al Nashiri, the alleged architect behind the USS Cole bombing, sent to Hagel on Monday. “There has been a serious degradation in the quality of life for detainees in Guantanamo Bay over the past year. This change appears to have coincided with the arrival of the new Joint Detention Group Commander, Col. John V. Bogdan.”
The letter was sent to Hagel three days before President Obama is due to give a major speech about his counterterrorism policies, which will include a discussion about Guantanamo.
Along with their letter, the attorneys also sent Hagel an August 2011 report prepared for the United Nations General Assembly by the UN’s special rapporteur for torture, which said solitary confinement rose to the level of inhumane and degrading treatment.
She adds that she felt "like a prisoner" — at the disciplinary school she'd been exiled to, she saw her rapist in the hallways, when she was arriving in the morning and going to the bathroom. She tried to transfer to a different high school and was denied because the "public lewdness" charge was a stain on her record. Other students taunted her, threatening her and insinuating that she had "asked for it." After graduation, she says, "My personality changed. I didn't want to do anything. I blamed myself for the longest time." In June 2012, though, things started to look up. Bradshaw-Bean's mother, Colleen Chevallier, had filed a Title IX complaint against the school with the ACLU. And in June, a little over a year and a half after her rape, Bradshaw-Bean finally got word that the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights had ruled that Henderson High School was in violation of Title IX for failing to independently investigate the case and for its inability to provide "a legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason" behind their decision to send Bradshaw-Bean to the disciplinary school.
Mr. Rambam interviewed 72 out of a list of 1,000 suspected Nazis living in Canada. His work was sent to the authorities, but he said little was done.
He and his friends often watch television while they chat, he said. And more often than not, he said, he is chatting with people in his dormitory, even though they may be only a few paces away. Instead of picking up the telephone or knocking on his neighbors' doors to see what they are up to, he will send them instant messages.
Most courses now have an Internet component, professors say, whether it is a Web-based syllabus, an e-mail-based discussion board, an online repository of required reading or an interactive quiz. Some instructors set up online chats with experts and colleagues at other universities across the country. And many students use the Internet and online library resources to do most, if not all, of their research for papers and projects. When they are done, many send their papers via e-mail or click through Web pages during presentations in class.
Turning the option on in your Gmail account settings apparently enables you to send an SMS as soon as you start typing a phone number into Chat’s search box. When you enter new phone numbers, it will save the digits in your contact entries as well. This means that when contacts go offline, the chat window will give you the option to switch to SMS.
The first time you send a text message, it will appear on the person’s phone as coming from a number in the 406 area code. Google has made several thousands of these numbers available for Gmail users, and once a number is associated with your account, all of the text messages you send through Gmail will come from that number. The 406 number works both ways, so your friend can reply to you via text message. Also, your friend can save that number in their phone as belonging to you, and they can even use it to initiate new chats with you.
The protesters were successful in publicising the campaign, with most UK newspapers and TV news programmes covering the protests on a regular basis. Desktop publishing, then in its infancy, was used to produce publicity materials for the campaign and send out faxes to the media. When the government began evicting residents along the route and demolishing the empty houses, the protesters set up so-called "autonomous republics" such as "Wanstonia" in some groups of the houses. Extreme methods were used to force the engineers to halt demolition, including underground tunnels with protesters secured within by concrete.
Amina Mabizari is as humble as they come. A proud, hard-working Muslim-American who now hopes her success story in Alief sends a loud message across the country.
“Through art, we send a message to the occupiers and tell them that they cannot occupy our imagination and dreams of freedom and justice. Art can reach out to more people,” Amro said.
I think that a lot of the way [Sen.] Ted Cruz and the Tea Party groups have handled the current shutdown fight has been bad politics; they’ve at times mistaken tactics for principles. Cruz has burned bridges he didn’t need to burn. There hasn’t been enough experience among the people planning tactics. So the question I’m curious about is: Can you use this inside-outside game where the Beltway groups sends messages to the grass-roots and the grass-roots applies pressure to lawmakers -- can you use that in a way that’s less combative and more prudent than the groups have been using it in the last months?
At issue is a decades-old rule that requires utilities to credit the bills of small energy generators for the full retail price of all the electricity they send into the grid. Those credits chiefly help homeowners recover the investment in solar-electric panels, which can average $10,000 or so. They continued to be paid as long as the power’s being generated.
Once you understand the quick footwork required, this highly explosive teep combination will send your opponent flying across the ring whilst making you look like an absolute baller: Throw a front leg teep, then as it lands back on the floor, quickly drag your rear foot up to the front. Now throw your front knee up and jump up off your rear foot. As you’re in mid-air, throw the rear teep. Having blasted your opponent with your rear foot, bring it back behind you so that you land in your normal stance.
Saenchai uses this classic technique better than anyone: Deceitfully throw a rear round kick chamber out wide to draw a front leg check from your opponent. As they are balanced on one leg, lean back and extend your foot straight down the middle to send them collapsing into a puddle of gullible shame.
Mr. Lynn has sent a letter, apparently, to the Hill this week, trying to lay out that whatever he does that may have some effect on Raytheon, he will run it by the general counsel’s office before he does anything. And McCain and some — I think Senator Grassley, as well, have both said, “You know, that’s just too vague. We want somebody more specific.”
As Ruby and Delwyn went up, Ruby began to cry again. Oobleck, or what was left of him in various parts, was badly scarred and burned from the explosion Yang caused when she killed the nevermore that killed Oobleck. Alongside his remains was his thermos, badly charred but still in one piece, which as his weapon was to be buried alongside him as part of the Hunting Corps' custom for funerals and burial. Delwyn thought to himself, "I hope I never have to send someone out to war again, not if it will lead to this."
“We have less than 1 percent of the animals, but we send you about 18 percent of manure in the watershed,” Taylor said. “That’s because we have mostly dairy cows.”
Attleborough police said they noticed the Mansfield Police Department, which sent officers to intercept the cab.
Richard's three sisters were sent much further away — to the Bomaderry Children's Home, just outside Nowra on the south coast of New South Wales.
You're probably thinking: "Big deal, so someone tied a big old balloon to a hot dog and a video camera and sent them into space. That's been done before except with sushi." The difference here? The guys from San Francisco's Zog's Dogs managed to retrieve their hot dog when it fell back down to earth and then they ate it. To celebrate the achievement of having sent "the first hot dog into outer space," Zog's Dogs is, uh, launching a Space Dog Combo for $5. It is, of course, a Zog Dog with Astronaut Ice Cream for dessert. Are space dogs okay to eat? Anybody?
BluFit has customizable LED lights integrated into the bottle’s sleeve to provide real-time alerts. In addition, the app will send phone notifications to help keep you on track. The smart bottle’s interior setting includes a Bluetooth LE chip, compatible with iOS and Android devices, a built-in water flow sensor and a rechargeable battery that provides up to 6 days of continuous use.
One recent clip from Brazil no doubt sent shudders through the Fox TV/Foxkopter camp: A phone camera recorded the worst-case sports scenario, as a small drone tracked across a football stadium before veering off course and into the crowded terraces.
The IRA had sent telephoned warnings about 90 minutes before the bomb detonated. At least 75,000 people were evacuated from the area,[5] but the bomb squad were unable to defuse the bomb in time. More than 200 people were injured but there were no fatalities[6] despite the strength of the bomb, which has been largely credited to the fast response of emergency services in evacuating the city centre before the bomb could explode.[7][8] At the time, England was hosting the Euro '96 football championships and a Russia vs Germany match was to take place in Manchester the following day.
At about 9:20 am on Saturday 15 June 1996, the Ford van was parked on Corporation Street, outside the Marks & Spencer store, near the Arndale Centre.[1] After setting the bomb's timer, two men – wearing hooded jackets, baseball caps and sunglasses – left the vehicle and walked to Cathedral Street, where a third man picked them up in the Ford Granada.[24] The truck had been parked on double yellow lines with its hazard lights flashing.[25] Within three minutes a traffic warden had issued the vehicle with a parking ticket and called for its removal. At about 9:40 am, Granada Studios on Quay Street received a telephone call claiming that there was a bomb at the corner of Corporation Street and Cannon Street and that it would explode in one hour. The caller had an Irish accent and gave an IRA codeword so that police would know the threat was genuine.[1][27] Four other telephoned warnings were sent to television/radio stations, newspapers and a hospital.[28][29]
At a meeting attended by the commander of Special Branch in Manchester, a GMP assistant chief constable and a "senior officer" from the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), it was decided, for reasons never made public, not to present the findings of the investigation to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), the body responsible for undertaking criminal prosecutions in England. The three may have felt that as the IRA suspects were already in police custody they were no longer a threat, or that to pursue the case against them may have jeopardised ongoing undercover operations. It was not until 1998 that the police finally sent their file to the CPS, who decided not to prosecute.
On 21 April 1999, the Manchester Evening News named a man it described as "a prime suspect in the 1996 Manchester bomb plot".[60] The newspaper reported that the file sent by Greater Manchester Police to the Crown Prosecution Service contained the sentence: "It is the opinion of the investigating officers of GMP that there is sufficient evidence to charge [him] with being a party in a conspiracy to cause explosions in the United Kingdom."[61] The man denied any involvement.[62] The Attorney General wrote in a letter to a local MP that the advice given to the CPS by an independent lawyer was that "there was not a case to answer on the evidence available ... a judge would stop the case": the Attorney General further wrote that the decision not to prosecute was not influenced by the government. The newspaper also identified the six men arrested in London on 15 July as having planned the attack.[63][64] By July 2000 all six had been released under the terms of the 1998 Belfast Agreement.
We are social activists and friends of Dmitry Polienko and we are starting a New Year campaign of solidarity with the Belarusian prisoner of conscience! Please send a postcard with some words of support to Dmitry!
It should be recalled that in October 2016, Dmitry Polienko was sentenced to 2 years suspended prison sentence for allegedly assaulting a police officer during a ‘Critical Mass’ cycling demonstration in Minsk. This Spring Dmitry was arrested again: the court overturned the suspended sentence and sent him to serve the sentence in Babrujsk prison colony.
Jordan, the company itself and “state mutual funds” will fund the project, according to Daniels. In order to be developed, the company first plans to send the project to be bid on by local development contractors and architects.
The Spectrum obtained SAT Corp’s letter of intent to lease the homes. SAT Corp sent the nonbinding contract to UB Greek organizations in order to determine how many organizations would be interested in the project.
"We expected to be the first, and most natural, partner to enter Netanyahu's government. We recommended that he be tasked with forming the government sans any preconditions. The Likud, however, sent us a clear message – 'there is no way the religious-Zionism party will be part of the government.'"
One of the senior bomb squad members adorned in a specialist protective suit was sent into the cubicle to manually neutralise the item, said Faulkner.
The developer also throws out a few opinions throughout the general chat channel about mining centralization. “ASIC leads to centralization — Evil ASIC manufacturers want to take up Bitcoin,” the BTG developer emphasizes. News.Bitcoin.com briefly spoke with Bitcoin Gold’s lead developer who calls himself “H4x3” over the team’s Slack channel about the project. “I can confirm the PoW will be changed to Equihash and the fork date is October 25,” explains the developer. We sent some questions to Jack Liao and H4x3 because the lead developer told us our questions were “too sensitive” to answer alone. The BTG team has not yet responded to our emailed questions.
Bitcoin News is growing fast. To reach our global audience, send us a news tip or submit a press release. Let’s work together to help inform the citizens of Earth (and beyond) about this new, important and amazing information network that is Bitcoin.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
If you’re into Wait But Why, sign up for the Wait But Why email list and we’ll send you the new posts right when they come out. It’s a very unannoying list, don’t worry.
I sent him an email to ask the question. No response yet.
Google's most recent Nexus devices, on the other hand, have all included built-in support for the feature—the Nexus 4, Nexus 5, and 2013 Nexus 7 all support wireless charging. While any charging pad that supports the Qi (pronounced "chee") standard will work with them, as of last week Google will sell you its own Nexus-branded charger to match. This is actually the second Nexus charger that Google has made, after the now-discontinued (and somewhat problematic) Nexus 4 wireless charger. Google sent us one of the new chargers, and we put it through its paces to see if it's worth the $50.
You’ll also be able to send him questions live during the event using the above methods, or by visiting energy.gov.
And another thing. SAR was usually done in little one-man hotseats, small and agile U-Stars that could skim through a planet’s atmosphere, allowing a close ground scan with both the craft’s instruments and the pilot’s own senses. SAR on foot was a rare occurrence. And hell, if it was a Spec Ops team that had gone missing, why not send another damn Spec Ops team down after them? Sending a bunch of regular grunts and their Psi-Marine babysitters was surely the wrong decision and—
Grec frowned, her eyes flicking over the geophys readout. It was an important job and the Sergeant would be asking for a report very soon. Having Palladio send her messages with his mind—messages he knew she couldn’t respond to—was a distraction. She didn’t really know him that well, either. Not like Maryam. But at least Palladio wasn’t using the emergency radio. The back-up system didn’t have private channels. What one marine said, all would hear.
Except the Fleet had sent a Spec Ops team. A Spec Ops team that the Spider had caught, wrapped in web, and preserved under the ice floor of its old egg.
Grec nodded. “Like they ran out of Spec Ops. They’re too valuable. Better to send in regular marines, with Spec Ops to lead them.” She stepped down off the lip of the entrance and walked up to Furusawa. “Am I getting warmer, Sergeant?” She paused. “At the briefing, you spoke over Commander Weinberg. Is First Sergeant even your real rank?”
“Fuck S-A-R.” Grec sniffed the frozen air. “Is the Fleet so desperate to capture a Spider in secret they’ll send down a ground team with a false briefing?”
The sergeant had made the right decision. Grec knew this, even though she wasn’t sure she would have been able to do it herself. Despite being dragged under the snow and injured, Palladio had reached out with his mind to jam the Spider’s AI. The only way to prevent the Spider from burning out his mind and then killing Grec and the sergeant was to kill him. Suddenly breaking the psychic link—a link amplified by the minds of the dead marines the Spider was using as a battery—would send a shockwave back to the Spider, enough to fry its CPU. Furusawa had realized this and took the decision, one that would have saved her had Grec not intervened.
Prompted by PEER's press release, the controversy over the sale of A Different View began to attract attention again in the media, with the Arizona Daily Sun (2007 Jan 4) offering a report in which a spokesperson for the NPS was quoted as saying, "We do not use the creationist text in our teaching, nor do we endorse its content. However, it is not our place to censor alternate beliefs." The Sacramento Bee (2007 Jan 4) suggested, in a forceful and cogent editorial entitled "Don't use parks to promote creationism," "A new year and a new National Park Service director mark an opportunity for change. Here's an easy one. Settle the 3-year-old controversy about a creationist account of the Grand Canyon." The editorial argued that "Mary Bomar, the new National Park Service director, should send a message that programs and materials in national parks present the best scientific evidence and don't endorse any particular religious beliefs," and concluded by urging Bomar to do so quickly:
The TAC want sent 106 claims amounting to $578,926 for three of the deaths, 14 physical injuries and 89 mental injuries.
In the same hotel where Alexander Graham Bell once demoed coast-to-coast telephone calls, Microsoft will announce plans for a new white space internet service on Tuesday. This ludicrous technology sends broadband internet wirelessly over the unused channels of the television spectrum. It’s also ingenious.
In addition to its new trio of GT factory drivers for 2017, Porsche has announced at its Night of Champions that it will send a factory squad to the 2017 FIA WEC to race in the GTE Pro class with its new 911 RSR.
NAB sources said a decision on whether or not to send another notice to the family would be made after consultation with the NAB chairman. It also remains to be seen whether Sharif and his sons will be summoned to the offices in Lahore or Islamabad.
Over a month later, the CIA has not sent a replacement liaison to the White House, though there are other agency officials on loan there. The ex-liaison has not been accused of any crime or abuse and has returned to the CIA.
The Air Force has been openly pursuing a T-X plan since 2011, but the fiscal 2016 budget proposal sent to Congress Feb. 2 indicates that a request for proposals will finally be released in fiscal 2016. The plan calls for $575 million in fiscal 2016-19, with an estimated total program cost at $1.04 billion and a source selection by the end of fiscal 2017. The winner stands to dominate a global fast-jet trainer market, especially for countries planning to buy the F-35. Nine partners already are teamed to develop the stealthy fighter and another three are foreign military sales customers.
That mention of cloud robotics isn't coincidental; Grishin is betting that there's a future in giving robots the same ability to benefit from cloud software and cloud hardware that smartphones have now. Like, let's take some sort of stupendously difficult problem that may or may not be solved (depending on who you ask), like grasping, and imagine how a cloud-based app store or service could improve it: your robot could be about as smart as a plastic spork with an arm and a Kinect on it, but as long as you've got the right app and a connection to the cloud, it doesn't matter. Your bot can simply send a 3D image of the object in question, some supercomputer somewhere can do some number crunching, and send back grasping instructions faster than you can say "wow, that was fast." Obviously, the RobotAppStore isn't set up for this kind of thing yet, but that's why now's the time to invest, I suppose.
The MP for Stafford said the UK government had already done more than any other European country to provide humanitarian help but it was 'not a question of either or', and refugees should be sent to parts of the country best able to support them.
The hunt for Planet Nine will also probably send astronomers back to their archives; it's possible that the undiscovered world has already been photographed by powerful telescopes, but researchers didn't spot it, Brown said. (Confirming the planet's existence will require more than one image, because astronomers will need to see the object move to know it's not a background star or other extremely distant object.)
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Rep. Rush Holt (D-N.J.), acting on behalf of a constituent whose husband was killed in Iraq and was prepared for burial by the Dover mortuary, said he sent a letter to Panetta on Sept. 16 “seeking clear and definitive answers” about the mortuary’s landfill practices. Holt said he had raised the issue a few months earlier with the Pentagon’s legislative affairs office but was “frustrated by a failure” to get a full response.
“If it’s needed, if there is a response from the regime side to release the detainees and stop killings inside Syria, then we can have the representative of the military groups also in this committee, and if the regime wants to send someone to this committee, we can discuss it,” Khoja said.
Ashton Gibbs proceeded to sink the two throws but missed with a half-court shot that would have tied the contest and sent it into overtime. Instead, Louisville edged the game 62-59.
The US defence secretary has announced that 200 more military personnel will be sent to Syria to strengthen the fight against Islamic State in its stronghold of Raqqa.
One of the most expensive operations that a database can perform is a forced synchronous disk write operation. These operations are necessary for high-integrity commit mode where the commit does not return until the database is certain that the data has actually been written to the disk, fulfilling the durability component of ACID compliance. These operations can take around 10ms. In order to improve the performance of high-integrity commits, Persevere will detect when multiple writes are taking place concurrently and batch multiple writes together in a single synchronous disk write operation. When a number of concurrent write requests are being sent to Persevere, this can significantly reduce the number of synchronous writes that must take place and greatly improve performance.
Follow Source of the Spring on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sign up for our free Weekly Newsletter here. Submit events to our Community Events Calendar here. Please send tips and questions through our News Tips form, or email [email protected]
Asked if Israel might send in ground forces, Mordechai said: "There are preparations, and if we are required to, the option of an entry by ground is available."
For the first time, the new liberal Potami (the River) group gained 6.6 percent of the vote and will send two deputies to Brussels. The arch-Stalinist Communist Party (KKE) received 6.1 percent, slightly improving its result from the last parliamentary election (4.5 percent). The right-wing populists of the Independent Greeks (ANEL) dropped from 7.5 percent to 3.5 percent.
After Hawkeye leaves to go lead the Resistance, the Occupy Avengers team is left to help the common folk who are being terrorized by the Hydra forces. Hydra has been forcing farmers to send their goods elsewhere and the people who depend on them are left to fend for themselves.
Emma Frost, the true ruler of New Tian, sends a strike force of Mutants led by Havok to capture the young X-Men and stop their rebellion. Cyclops, Beast, Angel, and Iceman are captured and while Jean and Jimmy Hudson (alternate universe son of Wolverine) must rescue them.
Buckles "died peacefully in his home of natural causes" early Sunday morning, the family said in a statement sent to CNN late Sunday by spokesman David DeJonge.
"It has long been my father's wish to be buried in Arlington, in the same cemetery that holds his beloved General (John) Pershing," Flanagan wrote as she began to prepare for the inevitable in a letter she sent to home-state U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin, D-West Virginia.
During weekly protest near town of Modiin Illit, Arab protester sends small child towards IDF soldiers, tells them to shoot his son.
The ACC sent a league-record nine teams to the NCAA Tournament last season, including Miami, which has made the tournament in three of the last five years. Miami posted a 7-2 home record in conference games last season.
According to a recently unsealed indictment, in late October 2011, Benton — who also led his uncle Rand Paul’s SuperPAC until just recently, in case I haven’t made this family point clear enough — sent an email to Sorenson and Sorenson’s top aide offering to take over paying Sorenson’s $8,000/month bribes in return for Sorenson switching his allegiance from Bachmann to Dr. Paul. Both Sorenson and Dr. Paul’s people agreed to delay Sorenson’s switch until after a meeting of Iowa Republicans, where he’d strengthen his own position within the party, on the eve of the big caucasus, as a principled Tea Party Christian libertarian.
Then from mid-November 2011 until late December, a Ron Paul operative, Dimitrios Kesari, made numerous calls to Sorenson to negotiate and lobby for the bribe-and-switch deal. A few days before the switch, around Christmas 2011, Sorenson agreed with Ron Paul’s campaign heads to write up a press release in-advance explaining how his Tea Party principles moved him to abandon Bachmann for Ron Paul. Sen. Sorenson then sent his draft statement to the Ron Paul 2012 campaign chiefs for editing—his granddaughter's husband Jesse Benton, his family operative Kesari, and John Tate, the head of a Ron/Rand Paul libertarian organization called Campaign For Liberty, who also served as an officer in Rand Paul’s SuperPAC. And in case Sorenson double-crossed Ron Paul over his planned double-cross of Michelle Bachmann, Dr. Paul’s campaign chiefs had readied a plan to smear Sorenson and ruin his life by leaking select emails of their payoff negotiations.
Sen. Sorenson sent the 500 Ron Paul dupes into a placard-waving frenzy, telling them,
Since my election, I’ve learned that doing the right thing isn’t always easy. It’s easy to see why so many legislators “sell out” once elected. The pressure to do so is immense. But what America needs now is a President who will not just “go along to get along.” Instead, we must send someone who puts doing what is right above all else to the White House. That candidate is Ron Paul. If you are as frustrated as I am with what's been done by the ruling class, I urge you to join me in supporting Dr. Paul. We can send the national big government political establishment a message they will never forget by voting for Ron Paul for President in the January 3 Iowa Caucuses.
That doesn't mean Canada should only do things that won't shock foreign diplomats. But if Ottawa wants to send a message, it has to explain, not confuse. This time, the explanation has been vague and shifting.
After all, if you're trying to send the world a strong message about Iran, it's best not to leave them puzzled about Canada.
"That's the hardest part when you have success in spring training like this, you almost start to believe that you're able to do this every day so you have to find a way to stay humble through it," Joseph said. "He's going to get sent down at some point, right? So everybody's going to wonder, 'Why isn't he going to make the team?' Come on, he's got to get more experience. But I think it can do nothing but help his confidence."
The Netherlands has backed a campaign against the Islamic State, and even sends Dutch soldiers to train Kurdish forces. But the country does not encourage Dutch nationals to join the Kurds on their own. Still, some 100 Westerners are thought to have joined them in Iraq and Syria in the past two years. In 2015, at least one Canadian and one Briton were killed in battle.
While Gravano was living in Arizona, peddling ecstasy and installing pools, he barely escaped his own killing, when the late godfather’s enraged brother, Peter Gotti, sent a team of hitmen to go find him in the Copper State.
class defaults to the ref capability which can be read, written and aliased. It can't be used to send to another actor as there's no guarantee that it won't be modifed by any other object holding a reference to it. The iso and tag capabilities mentioned in the error message are other capability types.
Another is that there is no backpressure handling for behaviour calls on an actor. The message queues are unbounded so if a producer sends messages to an actor at a faster rate than it processes them then it will eventually OOM. This can occur if you have the message sender tied to an external process. For example a TCP listener that uses sockets and translates the data to a message to an actor. If the external users of the TCP interface (a webserver for example) are sending data faster than the actor handling the messages then OOM will occur. Slides from the Pony developers indicates that backpressure is on their radar to look at.
Socialist ideas were spread in the country. An important Somali community was indeed living in Aden in South Yemen. However, this is where Britain used to exile persons it considered dangerous in India: communists, nationalists and so on. They used to be arrested and sent to Aden where nationalist and revolutionary ideas quickly developed and affected later both Yemenites and Somalis. Under the influence of civilians with Marxist ideas, a coup d’état was led by officers in 1969 and Siad Barre took power in Somalia.
Al Qaeda is everywhere, from Belgium to Australia! That invisible Al Qaeda is a logo designed to justify to the public opinion military operations. If United States say to their citizens and soldiers: “We are going to send our troops into the Indian Ocean in order to probably fight against China”, people would be afraid of course. But if you tell them that it is just about fighting piracy and Al Qaeda, it won’t be a problem. The real goal is however different. It consists in setting forces in the Indian Ocean region that will be the theater of major conflicts in the coming years. This is what we will analyze in the next chapter…
Rosario will play every day for the Isotopes at first base. The Rockies sent him down to make room for Axford. Several short outings from their starting pitching staff in recent games put pressure on the Rockies’ bullpen, and they need relief reinforcement.
Whether we are conscious of it or not, we are each deeply and profoundly disturbed by the war world we live in; we are disturbed that hate is the language of our leaders. We are disturbed that we send our sons and daughters away to participate in it. and we are disturbed that we allow it. And we are disturbed by feeling we are unable to do anything about it. For most of us, war has been an ever-present part of our lives, and we accept the state of war as the state of “normal” — simply because it has always been.
I see this as a version of the famous trolley problem, which goes like this: If a trolley was heading toward five people stuck to the tracks, and you could pull a switch to send it instead to kill just one person, would you? Most people say yes. OK. So if trolley was heading toward five people stuck to the tracks, and there was no switch, but you could push a really fat man in front of the oncoming train (which would surely stop it) would you? And to this, most people emphatically say, “No!”
Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany sent thousands of homosexuals to concentration camps in the 1930s and 1940s, and the Gestapo secret police arrested an estimated 100,000 men for being gay. – Rappler.com
Both men were sent to the the Oneida County jail. Alexander is in custody without bail and Joyner was released Wednesday by a court order, records show.
All signs indicate that the current situation finds just these types of forces at work. First, there is a widespread mistrust of banks, one that is fueled by a perception that in the lead up to the crisis banks were routinely engaged in improper and even illegal conduct (whether such perceptions are justified or not). Second, law enforcement officials seem somewhat limited in their ability to hold financial institutions accountable for the illegal conduct, despite having made some headway recently in the area of punishing mortgage discrimination. Since at the heart of the financial crisis lies a range of bank misconduct, an atmosphere filled with the widespread perception of misconduct, coupled with little fear that lawbreakers will be held accountable, could send us back to a second financial crisis.
Why he's here: No one will forget his incredible comeback from a devastating injury last season to play in the World Series and help push the Cubs over the finish line. But Schwarber hasn't been able to carry over that momentum into this season, to the point where his struggles became so pronounced that the Cubs had no choice but to send him to the minors to get straightened out. This definitely wasn't the season anyone had in mind for Schwarber after watching him hit .412 in the World Series last fall.
The Wall Street Journal editorial board published a furious tirade Tuesday in response to President Trump’s “America First” immigration proposals, arguing that the proposals do not do enough to make open-borders Democrats happy and would lead to a “humanitarian calamity” if illegal immigrants are sent home.
This is the go-to example one usually sees when it comes to io.Pipe . We encode some data as JSON and want to send it to a web endpoint via http.Post . Unfortunately (or rather fortunately), the JSON encoder takes an io.Writer and the http request methods expect an io.Reader as input, so we can’t just plug them together.
pr , pw := io . Pipe ( ) go func ( ) { // close the writer, so the reader knows there's no more data defer pw . Close ( ) // write json data to the PipeReader through the PipeWriter if err := json . NewEncoder ( pw ) . Encode ( & PayLoad { Content : "Hello Pipe!" } ) ; err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } } ( ) // JSON from the PipeWriter lands in the PipeReader // ...and we send it off... if _ , err := http . Post ( "http://example.com" , "application/json" , pr ) ; err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) }
Now we start two goroutines, one which just prints the data to stdout and another one which sends it to an HTTP endpoint. The TeeReader uses the io.Pipe to split up the given input. When the TeeReader is consumed, those same bytes are also received by the PipeReader .
You can send your measurements as plain metrics into a graphite server. A single report is simply a name, a timestamp and a value.
StatsD was designed to sit between your app and graphite, and do some aggregation of the metrics before passing it on to graphite. What’s that, you ask? Basically, StatsD hangs on to the metrics you send it, and at periodic intervals (called the “flush interval”, typically 1 minute), calculates additional information and then pushes it into graphite. Here are some things that it can calculate:
Each time an event happens, you can send a “+1” to StatsD. It can count them, and report totalled counts.
Each time you send a timing measurement, StatsD remembers it. At flush time, it computes percentiles, min, max and more for each timing measurement metric and forwards it to graphite.
The StatsD on-wire text protocol is so simple it hardly needs any vendored library. Essentially, you can send text strings in this format to an UDP port. Here’s the complete source of a fully functional StatsD client:
Although foreigners make up just one quarter of the oil rich state's population, Amnesty reported they made up the majority of all those sent to death row. Its report revealed that at least 1,695 executions were carried out between 1985 and May 2008, with the number of non-nationals totalling 830, compared with 809 local citizens. It was impossible to ascertain the nationality of the remaining 56.
Losing access to the world's biggest search engine is enough of a nuisance, but the censorship also affects Gmail, Google Talk, Google Calendar, Google Play, the Chrome browser, and even the news and weather widget that loads on my Android phone. Some of those services are running erratically or not at all. Most annoying is that friends can send me messages on Google Hangouts but for some reason I can't reply.
Garnett maintained, in the words of New Yorker editor David Remnick, “an ascetic lifelong routine of housekeeping, child-rearing, and translating.” She worked ceaselessly. D.H. Lawrence, who was a friend of Garnett’s, recalls seeing her sitting in her garden “turning out reams of her marvelous translations from the Russian. She would finish a page, and throw it off on a pile on the floor without looking up, and start a new page. That pile would be this high — really, almost up to her knees, and all magical.” In 1921, writer Katherine Mansfield sent a letter to Garnett: “As I laid down my copy of War & Peace tonight I felt I could no longer refrain from thanking you for the whole other world that you have revealed to us through these marvelous translations from the Russian,” she wrote. Of Garnett’s body of work, she said, “The books have changed our lives, no less.”
The surge in contributions came after FBI Director James Comey sent a letter to Congress on Friday informing them that his agency discovered the existence of emails that appear to be “pertinent” to its investigation into the private email server Clinton used while secretary of State.
To Trump, it was a message to send to the rest of the world that the United States would not be held to terms he doesn't like in international deals. And it was a good way to heap scorn on climate change — which is proven by science but a flash-point among Republicans -- while talking about creating new jobs for blue-collar workers.
The AAP’s latest attack on Reliance Industries does more than simply divert attention from their failure to govern; unfortunately for them, it also underscores the two main elements of their core ideology. On display is not only their dogged commitment to destructive populism over basic economic rationality, but also, and far more dangerous, their scornful contempt for constitutional democracy. By pressuring the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) to lodge an FIR against Mukesh Ambani and others in the absence of either jurisdictional authority or an iota of evidence, Kejriwal has sent shockwaves across the international business community, which would rather steer clear of India’s shores than risk engagement with a berserk anarchist. A bare perusal of the hyped complaint against RIL reveals fanciful conjectures and childish conclusions that are grounded in neither law nor reason, but advance a bizarre counter-narrative that believes in profit being evil. Scratch beneath the surface, however, and the real picture emerges.
The first step in the authentication process when a client contacts the database server is for the server to send a session key back to the client, along with a salt. The vulnerability enables an attacker to link a specific session key with a specific password hash.
There are no overt signs when an outsider has targeted the weakness, and attackers aren't required to have "man-in-the-middle" control of a network to exploit it. "Once the attacker has a Session Key and a Salt (which is also sent by the server along with the session key), the attacker can perform a brute force attack on the session key by trying millions of passwords per second until the correct one is found. This is very similar to a SHA-1 password hash cracking. Rainbow tables can’ t be used because there is a Salt used for password hash generation, but advanced hardware can be used, like GPUs combined with advanced techniques like Dictionary hybrid attacks, which can make the cracking process much more efficient."
In a scenario based hacking, “The infected victim sends all recorded keystrokes to the covert acoustical mesh network. Infected drones forward the keystroke information inside the covert network till the attacker is reached, who is now able to read the current keyboard input of the infected victim from a distant place.” paper explained.
In another scenario, the researchers used sound waves to send keystroke information to a network-connected computer, which then sent the information to the attacker via email.
If you want to know more and discuss details, let me some comments or send me a private message. I would also be pleased to hear some more examples !
Days earlier, needing overtime to pull out a win against the Orlando Magic, it was Waiters who drove to his left with the clock running down, sinking a lay-up that would eventually send the Cavaliers into extra frames. Down two points with 20 seconds to go against the Pacers, Waiters once again took an inbound pass at the top of the key. The 6-foot-3-inch guard was being guarded by a 6-foot-9-inch small forward in Paul George, one of the best defenders in the league. Waiters made quick work of George, blowing by him on a drive to his right side. The catch: The Pacers center, a 7-foot tall Roy Hibbert, was playing weak-side defense and turned into a brick wall, forcing Waiters to take a tough shot that would ultimately not fall .
And he vigorously rejects the suggestion that the Marseilles hooligans included soldiers sent by the Kremlin in an act of "hybrid warfare."
The computer security company says it has discovered new spyware that infects iPhones, gathers large amounts of personal information and sends it to a remote server.
Once installed, XAgent will collect text messages, contact lists, pictures, geo-location data, a list of installed apps, a list of any software processes that are running and the WiFi status of the device. That information is packaged and sent to a server operated by the hackers. XAgent is also capable of switching on the phone’s microphone and recording everything it hears.
On Tuesday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer sent a letter to Speaker John Boehner protesting the spending, which the G.O.P. leadership somehow forgot to mention at any of the dozens of press conferences they’ve held to preach the gospel of fiscal responsibility.
When Sidney reached her teenage years, Day was persuaded by Edgeworth that his ideal wife experiment had failed and he should send her away, as it was inappropriate for Day to live with her unchaperoned. He then arranged for Sidney to undergo experimental vocational and residential changes—first attending a boarding school, then becoming an apprentice to a dressmaker family, and eventually being employed as Day's housekeeper. Having seen changes in Sidney, Day proposed marriage, though he soon called this off when she did not follow his strict instructions; he again sent her away, this time to a boarding house, where she later found work as a lady's companion.
Sidney did not refuse the proposal, so Day planned the wedding while she considered it further and eventually agreed. During the preparations, Day left Sidney with friends for a few days, giving her strict instructions on what she should wear. When he returned to find her in an outfit that did not meet his requirements, he flew into a rage and Sidney fled for a few hours, so Day called off the engagement. Sidney was sent to a boarding house in Birmingham and given a stipend of £50 per annum (equivalent to £6,180 in 2018). Day resolved never to see her again.
Sidney and her two children were now left without an income. Day sent her a new stipend of £30 per year, (equivalent to £3,708 in 2018) which was matched by Edgeworth. Her husband's barrister friends raised £800 (equivalent to £98,873 in 2018) for the widow and her children. Sidney found a role as housekeeper for Charles Burney, as well as general manager of his schools in Chiswick, Hammersmith, and Greenwich. It was at his Greenwich school that her own children were educated.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day’s breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
I sent that tweet after hearing from a source with whom I’ve been working to report sites affiliated with the jihadist militant group ISIS. The source had reported to HostSailor several of its Internet addresses that were being used by a propaganda site promoting videos of beheadings and other atrocities by ISIS, and he shared emails indicating that HostSailor had simply forwarded his abuse email on to its customer — complete with my source’s name and contact information. Thankfully, he was using a pseudonym and throwaway email address.
INDIA will send a strong squad to Zimbabwe for its five-match One-Day International (ODI) series against the hosts to give the series the zest coach Andrew Waller’s men have been yearning for.
• Introduce a "deport first, appeal later" policy for thousands facing removal who face no "risk of serious irreversible harm" from being sent back, and reduce the grounds for appeal from 17 to four.
[Instead, civilian agencies should focus on] providing [information to the private sector.] If the government gets information because of its foreign government intelligence apparatus, it should be able to quickly send that out to the private sector. Primarily as a one-way communicator. Here are threats we're seeing overseas. There's been some of this in the past, but they haven't scaled it up. [The government has] more of an interest in making it a quid pro quo, government receiving information and then giving information back. The private sector is going to be able to operationalize it much better than the U.S. government.
A 4-month-old baby, a 4-year-old boy, a seven-year-old boy and a nine-year old boy survived the attack without physical injury, after witnessing their parents being shot dead before their eyes.Boaz Malka, a MADA paramedic who arrive on the scene, said, "It was a very difficult scene. We saw a car in the middle of the road, and next to it, a man in his 30s lay on the ground with upper body gunshot wounds. Inside the car a woman sat, with severe upper body wounds. They had no vital signs and to our sorrow we had to declare them dead on the scene."The IDF was sweeping the area for suspects.Reacting to the shooting, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said "this murderous terror attack this evening is a clear continuation of the incitement against the State of Israel and its civilians, and repeated attempts to carry out terror attacks.""The war against terrorism requires determination from us, a steel hand, and patience. We are fighting against a blood-thirsty relentless enemy, and with great sorrow we sometimes absorb losses on the way. At this time, the IDF and the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency) are pursuing the murderers. We will pursue them and we will not be silent until we place our hands on the murderers, and those who sent them."In light of the shooting, right-wing politicians accused Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's incitement for the attack, which came a day after he threatened to stop abiding by all agreements with Israel in a fiery speech to the United Nations General Assembly.Likud Minister Miri Regev said, "24 hours after the violent speech of the arch-murderer Abu Mazen [Abbas], a husband and wife were killed in Israel."She called on Israel to take harsher steps against Palestinian terror.Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Bayit Yehudi) said that Abbas's "call to arms was taken up tonight in Israel, and it is red with blood."Bennett added that "A people whose leaders encourage murder will never have a state, and this must be made clear. Now the time of talking is done and the time for action has come."Meanwhile, Hamas praised the "heroic terror attack" and called for more "quality attacks."The group said that "Zionists will pay the price for [Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu's criminal policies everywhere."
The creator of the famous footwear, 25-year-old Japanese designer Norita Tatehana, was kind enough to send us a pair of his gravity-defying designs — in sparkly pink stingray
Earlier this week, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) Group announced it will launch Bitcoin futures this year. That legitimized the cryptocurrency all the more and send its valuation skyrocketing above $7,000.
A mother-of-two who escaped with a suspended sentence after seducing a 14-year-old schoolboy has now been sent to prison.
Despite Donald Trump saying in 2013 that he has "a relationship" with Vladimir Putin, and despite him saying in 2014 that the Russian leader sent him a present and that the two had spoken "indirectly and directly," and despite him saying at a 2015 debate that he "got to know [Putin] very well" when they were on 60 Minutes together (albeit from different continents), Trump says he never actually met with Putin. "I have no relationship with him," he told ABC in July. "Just so you understand, he said very nice things about me, but I have no relationship with him. I don't -- I've never met him. … I have no relationship with Putin. I don't think I've ever met him. I never met him."
“The system detects a sick cough and sends an SMS message to the farmer, who can go out and decide if they need to call a vet. This kind of system reduces the use of antibiotics on farm.”
The remittances sent home by expatriates in Saudi Arabia are often vital for their own nations, which include Yemen, Ethiopia, the Philippines, Indonesia, India, Pakistan and Egypt.
The investigative report contained text messages that the governor sent to Mason. They were intercepted by Bentley’s then-wife, Dianne Bentley, who was able to read the messages because they also showed up on the governor’s state-issued iPad, which he had given her.
At one point, according to the investigative report, the governor sent the head of his security detail to fetch the recording from his son Paul Bentley, who responded: “You ain’t getting it.” Dianne Bentley had secretly recorded her husband by leaving her phone on while she went for a walk.
But according to FOSS Patents, this “final” decision can still be appealed. Apple now has two months to respond to the Central Reexamination Unit, and if necessary, the company can send its appeal to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. If Apple still doesn’t get the decision it’s looking for after that, then the appeal can go to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
In a letter sent to the Government, the MPs said that a new national lottery game would allow ordinary Britons to feel “the pride of having a stake” in the boat, which would also “project our humanitarian role across the globe” after Brexit.
Over two months into President Trump’s administration, some Members of Congress are growing concerned about the administration’s failure to respond to letters requesting information or urging a specific action, a common tool Congress uses to conduct oversight. In March, Democratic Members of Congress catalogued 107 letters they had sent to the executive branch that have not been answered. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley (IA) has on multiple occasions sought to draw the White House’s attention to his unanswered letters through Twitter. On February 12, he ended a tweet with an all capital-letters demand: “WH: ANSWER MY LETTER.” An earlier Grassley tweet in January asked President Trump to order all agencies to respond to requests for records by any Senator.
In truth there was never much doubt that The Washington Post éxposé was accurate, given its depth of detail. If The Post got it wrong, why would security officials ask reporters to withhold details about the intelligence in question? But the White House felt compelled to send out national security adviser H.R. McMaster and his deputy, Dina Powell, to issue a non-denial denial, labeling the story false but disputing only assertions that ThePost didn't make — for example insisting that Trump hadn't blown any ongoing military operations. Intelligence operations, well that's different. Only Fox News was convinced.
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
In the warrant, the FBI essentially asked for everything it could. They wanted the subscriber’s name, address, account login and password, Social Security number, all email and contact list information stored on the phone, all text, photo and video messages sent and received from the phone, any email addresses or instant messenger accounts that appear on the phone, all search terms, Internet history, and GPS data stored on the phone, as well as all times and durations spent on any webpages accessed with the phone. Also, as you might’ve guessed, the FBI asked for instructions on how to bypass the phone’s pattern lock.
“You have to break out of the bubble,” he explained. “Again, I often get – on the elite media like the ABC – I often get criticised or sent up, and I don’t object to that, by the way, for catching public transport a lot.”
The MPAA sent its Vice President Greg Frazier to Brazil this week to carry out some damage control.
UNHCR has so far sent over 120 trucks of aid to camps and various centres hosting new arrivals, with more relief being dispatched from the agency’s stockpiles in Jordan. Meanwhile, WFP has distributed more than 1,500 family food rations, enough to feed 7,500 people for one month, in Kawergosk camp over the last few days. The ration includes rice, sugar, salt, wheat flour, lentils, and vegetable oil.
Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.
Fujisaki's 23-volume manga originally ran in Weekly Shonen Jump from 1996-2000. The manga is roughly based on the ancient Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi . The fantasy manga and the first anime adaptation takes place thousands of years ago. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of a powerful dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The Confederation of the Immortal Masters plan a bold mission: they send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.
Yet alongside the science-backed titles are those that peddle unsupported, even unhinged, claims. The bestselling The Secret (2006) by the TV writer Rhonda Byrne asserts that our thoughts send vibrations into the universe, which affects what happens in our lives. Good thoughts, the theory goes, create good outcomes, while bad thoughts create bad ones. ‘If any events or moments did not go the way you wanted, replay them in your mind in a way that thrills you,’ Byrne writes. ‘As you recreate those events in your mind exactly as you want, you are cleaning up your frequency from the day and you are emitting a new signal and frequency for tomorrow.’
It was one of the many turning points in this game, as the Redskins took away sure points from the Eagles. Disappointingly, the Redskins marched down the field only to have kicker Dustin Hopkins hit the crossbar yet again this year and attain the low honor of missing the most field goals for NFL kickers this year. The Redskin front office should most definitely send Hopkins a message by having some kickers tryout on Monday to at least see what they have, if only to send the message that his inconsistency will not be tolerated.
The message being sent is clear: you may not hear these views here. That topic is verboten on this campus. Teachers who stood up for that have now paid the price: not just wth their jobs, but possibly wth their careers.
Danny’s main goal for the campaign was to get it featured by Kickstarter on the homepage, but that doesn’t happen without a bit of leg work. In order to build momentum and prove to Kickstarter that his project was worth highlighting, Danny sent an email to his existing mailing list of about 4,000 people who already had an interest in Litographs. He also promoted the page heavily on his personal social media sites – particularly Facebook. Instead of featuring a promotion on his website, he took the opportunity to offer a special price on posters – $15 instead of around $30 – available only on the Kickstarter page. This drove hundreds of customers, who were already Litographs fans, to “donate” to the campaign and get a poster for half the price. Kickstarter noticed the page’s immediate success and featured it soon after. According to Danny, about 50% of the money raised came from people who found his page through Kickstarter.
Danny also wanted to get some press coverage, but knew very little about public relations best practices. “I gave myself every possibility to have good things happen because it was so unknown,” Danny says. One way he did this was to make a wish list of around 30 blogs that he wanted to feature Litographs’ story. Instead of sending a press release, he scraped text from each blog, created hand-printed litographs of their logos, and sent them out via snail mail along with a suggestion that they cover his story. Four out of five of them did, and the first was TechCrunch – leading to the largest spike in the campaign’s donors.
The publisher sent out e-mails today titled “What is the hardest case to solve?”, which contains the following image:
Thoughts on whiskey: “Tell me what brand of whiskey that Grant drinks. I would like to send a barrel of it to my other generals.”
“Initially the water plant was cooperative, but since the beginning of November they have not responded to multiple written and verbal requests. Howard Croft has not responded the email that I sent yesterday morning, either," James Henry, a county environmental health supervisor, wrote in the e-mail.
The bank passbook of Kadore Kushwaha, a 56-year-old Uttar Pradesh wheat farmer who failed to repay a four-year debt of more than Rs 41,000. The local administration, which has not sent an official to find out how he died, refuses to acknowledge that such suicides are a result of agricultural distress, blaming them on drinking and disease. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection
Officials sent out—but do not reach families of the dead
As Adam Baker, the Director of Communications for the Indianapolis Department of Code Enforcement puts it, "code enforcement is strictly a reactive agency," and will only address a violation if "people tell us. That's the way code enforcement is designed." And so, as Baker reports, the department was alerted to the performance only when someone in a Camby neighborhood sent a letter to the department complaining about an ad for the performance she received in a Money Mailer. Baker emphasizes that the department "is not a Gestapo," roaming the city looking for infringements. But it must respond to all complaints — and then assess the legitimacy of those complaints based on the letter of the code.
I always liked drop.io and even now with much more usage than before, it is still simple to understand. No need to sign up in order to quickly send a private link with your file(s). Maximum file upload is 100MB, but there are three different packages that will give you a whole lot more. Back to the free service; you can share, collaborate, and present music, videos, documents, audio, in a private drop, through email, web, phone, fax, and more. Additionally, you’ll be able to privately chat with the people you share a file with, in real-time.
You can use Driveway even without registration and send up to 500MB max for each upload. Signing up for a free account offers several advantages: A registered user can upload up to 2 GB of data to the Driveway account. Additionally, you can upload, manage and create widgets for files and folders and search for files/folders within your account.
With the free plan of Send6, you can send files up to 100MB size, which you can store in your 250MB free space. Send6 also has a free plug-in for Outlook that allows you to send large files directly from your Desktop. Please note that you don’t need to register to send files to friends. Sharing is done via email only.
Zshare is mainly used to share files that are too big to be sent via e-mail. With Zshare you can host files, images, videos, audio and flash in the same place, and as long as they remain active they can be downloaded limitlessly. Zshare lets you upload files up to 1GB, and if you register for the service (still free), you’ll be able to share them privately. Premium members get faster downloads (like most of the services here) and the ability to upload up to 2GB per each upload. Multiple files are allowed in both free and premium lines.
For busy people, Senduit is the best choice there is! It’s a one-page platform that generates a private link from the file you upload (100MB Max) for easy sharing. You can send the link via email through Senduit’s page directly, or copy-paste the link to any other communication channel (IM, Social networks, etc.). You get to choose when the link will expire—from 30 min. to 1 week.
Back when I tried MailBigFile in 2005, I thought this was a great service that offered a convenient solution to sending larger files. I still think it’s a good service. You don’t need to sign up, but if you choose to this is the best pro account for your dollar. Even though, you can use the service for free and as long as you want to send up to 200MB per file via email (but with no additional features). MailBigFile has the best price for a pro account – $15/year with an impressive list of features.
Last but not least is good old Yousendit, which has never plummeted in its presence online. A reliable and secure service since 2004 that offers the ability to send free 100MB files with a maximum number of 100 downloads allowed per file. You use it just like an email, choose a recipient, send it directly to a person’s inbox, and you get a notification when your file is downloaded.
Sharing files, large or small, should be a simple act, in my opinion—not something that should require a major effort or thought process on your behalf or make you create a complicated profile/account to use it. The options I listed here will help you explore the diverse file-sharing opportunities currently available. Whether you need to send a file privately or publicly, small or big, temporary or permanent, the options are all in this list, you just need to find the best match for your needs.
“I wasn’t sure they understood what I was asking so I tried to send Taylor a message on Facebook,” Tucker said, adding that she wasn’t able to because she’d been blocked.
So in some ways, tension with Iran is a useful diversion from an internal crackdown. King Salman sent a tough message to opponents with the execution-by-beheading of 47 people he alleged were terrorists; 46 were Sunni Muslim Saudis. The Saudi Foreign ministry issued a statement to justify this housecleaning, which it said was "based on clear and undisputed physical evidence" of terrorism." Some of the charges dated back more than a decade. The show of brutal domestic scimitar-rattling was a vivid message to highlight just who is in charge.
The state tug of wars come as a federal push for school choice has slowed, with Congress balking at the few private school-choice expansion measures that DeVos has sent to Capitol Hill.
The email, obtained by CTV, was sent to ministerial staffers by Erica Furtado in the issues management department of the PMO with the subject line 'Transition Binder Check List."
WildLeaks is the first secure and anonymous platform for wildlife and forest crime whistleblowers. Its goal is to create a safe, secure and anonymous online platform for individuals to send information about wildlife crime. The tips are then used for on-the-ground action. The WildLeaks project is funded by the Elephant Action League.
488 Bitcoin / Bitcoin Discussion / Re: What's with this odd generation? on: February 14, 2010, 06:28:03 AM Quote from: theymos on February 12, 2010, 08:31:52 AM Does the sending client send more BitCoins to account for the fee (so the recipient gets what he's expecting)?
Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.
It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself. Yes.Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.The average transaction, and anything up to 500 times bigger than average, is free.It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself.
What sort of country sends a dozen uniformed officers to haul innocent sleeping children out of their beds; gives them just a few minutes to pack what belongings they can grab; pushes them into stinking caged vans; drives them for hours while refusing them the chance to go to the lavatory so that they wet themselves and locks them up sometimes for weeks or months without the prospect of release and without adequate health services?
Within minutes of setting up shop Friday, a man on a motorcycle came from New Tampa to hand the kids a wad of bills. Workers who came to clean the apartment pool stopped to donate $12 and a 79-year-old woman from Temple Terrace gave $30 for a hug and a drink. As Jolly and other parents and brothers stood outside to keep an eye on the kids, her phone buzzed with emails from people wanting to give money. One sent her $200 on PayPal.
Another aspect of the Phantasy Star development was that we all shared the same room: game designers, programmers, and sound. That meant everyone could peek in on everyone else’s work. I could check out where the game designers were at, and the designers could look over and see how the sound was going. It made for a very different atmosphere from what you see today in game development. The fans then also had a very refined appreciation for the sights and sounds of video games, too. I’d get letters from fans expressing support, or sharing their thoughts on the music. It was a real motivator for writing music. There were no sound tests in our games that time, and a fan once even sent me a tape she had made with all the game music carefully recorded on it. I was so surprised–she even recorded all the sound effects!
"Last year it was amazing, the hype of when we were building the registration online," Martin said. "I sent an email saying it was going to go live at two o'clock and it was like watching the ticker tape parade. In the first hour, I think there was like, 96 registrations. They were all time-stamped. It was just amazing. Because the owner of the rink's like, yeah, it's not going to sell out. Watching the numbers, it's like tick, tick, tick, refresh, refresh and the numbers just kept jumping and jumping. Almost 100 percent capacity for the three weeks."
My personal message to Mrs. Duffy: I'm well aware of the message that these ads send to our children. They send the message that marijuana is a natural medicine that can help with a whole slew of debilitating illnesses. They send the message that marijuana can ease the suffering of people who really need it. I think the message being sent to our children is exactly the one that needs to be sent. People like you go around spreading disinformation and demonizing what is essentially a medicinal herb. Why not start a campaign against advertising St. John's Wart instead? It makes just about as much sense as attacking marijuana.
By the ’90s, most corporate chief executives had their pay linked to the value of their stock, which many of them were able to boost by having their companies buy back outstanding shares, causing the value of the remaining shares to rise. Over the past decade, under pressure from “activist investors” and with the understanding that boosting share value would send CEO pay soaring, the corporations on the S&P 500 list of the largest publicly traded companies have devoted more than 90 percent of their profits to buying back their own shares and paying dividends to shareholders.
Well, let me clarify. It wasn’t so much that I was dropping a deuce. Oh, it was being dropped; that much was undeniable. But I couldn't really claim agency on said descent. Gravity was doing the work. I was merely the meaty husk from which it made its hasty escape. Used to more of a segmented approach to waste disposal, I was quite surprised that the creature making its egress from my nethers had more the appearance of a python. Smooth, and consistent in width, it coiled luxuriously in a pool of toilet water that is (or at least was) cleaner than the water that most of the people on this planet drink. As it continued to coil, my emotional state flowed from one of surprise, to horror, to amazement, and then again to horror as the snake coiled higher and higher, like soft serve ice cream at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. It was now surfacing above the water line. But still, the snake showed no signs that it was anywhere near finished with its journey. In a panic, I pawed at the flusher. The poor toilet strained, but eventually sent things on their way. But I wasn’t done yet. As the toilet flushed the waste away, more came to replace it. As the flush subsided, the coil started anew. And then I was done. I tried to catch my breath as the toilet flushed a second time. I felt my liver shift and expand, unsure what to do with all the extra space now afforded to it. I cleaned up and stood, almost dizzy after the affair. “Wow. A+++”, I thought to myself. “Would poop again.”
Well, what happened to baby Earle? Well, both parents’ bodies gave out before he turned three, and he was sent to live with his grandmother (where was she with the shit everywhere and the newspaper on the windows what the hell), and they lived happily ever–
As proof of its seriousness, YouTube has already hired over 50 streaming-savvy engineers, the report said, and it hinted to "promotions and partnerships" designed to encourage more e-sports viewing on the main YouTube site. The Daily Dot predicted a YouTube Live reveal timed around this June's Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. When asked about the report, a YouTube representative declined to comment to Ars and instead sent us an animated GIF of a little girl shrugging her shoulders. (No, seriously. This one.)
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
But the problem is, in case we want to automate this process to, for example, send every new file to VirusTotal, how could we get notified when a file is created? We have a few options:
The fog of doubt permeates much of the historical record. If properly harnessed, it can cast a shadow on much of the extremist narrative. The character of Ibn Saba, the Jew who invented Shi’ism, may well have been a fabrication. A strong case has been made suggesting that medieval polemists concocted him out of thin air and inserted him into the historical record. We can demonstrate this because some Orientalists conducted serious and in-depth academic forensics about him and about the fabricators. What about the letters that Muhammad had sent to the emperors of the Middle East that Abu Omar had mimicked in wording and in tone? Those letters too are not extant, and it is perplexing that we have no contemporary reports by non-Muslims at those imperial courts that remarked upon the fact that a new religion had announced itself so dramatically. The character of al-Mukhtar that Maliki’s followers had championed is a problematic figure for Shi’ism, should we actually revisit what Shia sources say about the topic. The sole male survivor from the battle of Karbala, Hussein’s son who would become the fourth Imam of Shi’ism, did not express much gratitude for what the avenger had wrought on Hussein’s murderers. He considered al-Mukhtar to be a liar and braggart, pushing his own agenda for power. Again, shouldn’t these impressions of al-Mukhtar have been part of the conversation when Shia chauvinists resurrected his legacy and rehabilitated his image as part of a strategy to redraw the lines in the region?
<blockquote>“That was the deal that Robby struck with Debbie,” he explained, referring to campaign manager Robby Mook. “It was to sustain the DNC. We sent the party nearly $20 million from September until the convention, and more to prepare for the election.”</blockquote>
Santorum has said he is not a member of Opus Dei, just an admirer, but he has numerous connections to the group. In 2002, he travelled to Rome with high-profile American members for the 100th birthday of Opus Dei’s founder, Josemaría Escrivá de Balaguer. (The five-day event is where Santorum first criticized John F. Kennedy’s “separation of church and state” speech, speaking to a reporter.) He has also sent two of his sons to the Heights School, a Washington, D.C. school with ties to Opus Dei.
The New York Times' Howard Beck, on his way from Los Angeles to Oklahoma City to cover Monday's Game 5 between the Lakers and Thunder, uncovered this rather shady T-shirt design on Sunday. The Thunder aren't exactly giving these rags out at the door, but that didn't stop our initial post on the T-shirts on Monday morning from inspiring a world of outrage on Twitter, and apparent death threats sent the way of Warpaint Clothing, the company that humorlessly put the duds together -- utilizing the former Seattle SuperSonics logo along the way. Rightfully, just one Thunder fan deciding to purchase this and pull it over their head is enough for us to break out the Patented BDL Tsk-Tsk Geiger Counter -- and as a result Warpaint has decided to stop selling the shirts because of death threats sent its way in reaction.
Current Oklahoma City Thunder fans? The city of Seattle, and former SuperSonic fans, did absolutely nothing to deserve this. In the midst of what could be a championship season, diverting attention from the franchise's ultimate goal to take a needless shot at a city and fan base that is clearly still hurting is the ultimate prick move, and we heartily encourage any mindful Thunder fans to take Twitter pictures and send them our way during Monday's Game 5; so that we can band together to shame however many morons that decide to sport these shirts.
This doesn't fall directly in line with Miami Heat fans snarkily "thanking" Detroit Pistons backers for giving them the chance to draft Dwyane Wade, or your grandfather "thanking" his brother-in-law from Chicago because his Cubs sent Lou Brock down to St. Louis. This was an entire team that left town, and four years removed, the former Seattle SuperSonics have gone from amongst the worst in the West to a championship contender. This hurts an entire community on a far greater level than your typical, "sporting" taunt.
Questions or comments can be sent to opensource+moe@yelp.com.
The committee sent the NewsHour examples from the past, including George W. Bush education nominee Rod Paige whose hearing was on Jan. 10, 2001, but whose ethics paperwork was not complete until Jan. 18 of that year.
The letter was also sent to Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell. His office told the PBS NewsHour that they have no comment at this time. The Trump transition team did not respond to questions and a request for comment.
"I was always a writer who was interested in politics," he said in 2008, "and then I think I had an overdose of it. Be careful what you wish for. And one of the effects on my sensibility is to make me want to back away from public discourse. I just want to stay at home and write stories and send them out every couple of years. That's why I got into the game, not to be some major public spokesman on political issues."
Let subscribers send out the shows they're watching on Twitter. Let us watch what our Facebook friends are watching.
Well, obviously someone was full of…uh, bull. Diane demanded an oncologist look me over. I went home, I got comfortable, and here I am, alive and relatively well, fairly comfortable telling you the story of how I was supposed to die and how I didn’t bother to follow those instructions. After fifteen days and now undergoing radiation and chemotherapy, I was sent home.
"The policy’s not final until he signs it ," Green said, adding that Dunford could still send it back and tell them to take another stab at it.
Another highlight reel moment came in the 84th minute from Joaquin Rivas, who sent a great long ball over the top of the Rapids defense to Pridham. Pridham then laid the ball off to Risdale, whose shot went wide.
(CNN) -- The Iowa Supreme Court unanimously rejected a state law Friday that banned same-sex marriage, and opponents wasted little time in pushing for a state constitutional amendment that could send the issue to voters.
Exclusion practices – dubbed “gatekeeping” – include: advising parents to send their child to another school that could better support them; allowing a child to attend a school only on the days that funding is available; and asking parents to pay more so the school can employ support staff or purchase equipment.
“TapRide will allow you to go in and demand a car just like Uber,” Student Body President Ryan Rinaldi said. “You go in and select where you want to go and it’ll take you there,” “They’ll even send you a text when the bus is outside your door.”
William B. Ogden was born in Walton, New York in 1805. He was orphaned young and took over his late father’s real estate business at just 14 years old. When he was sent in 1835 to oversee a purchase in the burgeoning town of Chicago and saw his investment tripled, Ogden’s real estate antennae twitched. He left the seat he had just won in the New York state legislature to put down stakes in Chicago.
When the second stage is installed on a machine, it will communicate its bot ID to the server which will then decide what happens next. Throughout our research, we found that once a particular system has been locked, it is not possible to lock it again. The server seems to keep host information and will not send the HTML code required to lock the computer if it has already been served once to the requesting bot. After analysis, it appears that the computer ID is generated through the registry key “HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Cryptography\MachineGuid” and simply changing this value enables the same computer to be locked at will, regardless of the bot’s IP address.
Cantrell told the website that the mistake was part of a refinancing she and her husband undertook in 2013 to repair damage to the home dating to Hurricane Katrina. She said she had paid money into an escrow account that was supposed to settle the tax debt, but the bank never sent the money to the IRS.
Pakistan is staring at the fall of Nawaz Sharif government due to a popular font – Calibri. It has been found that Maryam misled the Pakistan Supreme Court with fake documents in the ongoing Panamagate corruption case against her family. Maryam sent to the SC-appointed Joint Investigative Team (JIT) documents dated before January 31, 2007 and typed in Calibri font. But Calibri was not commercially available before 31st January 2007.
Troops were sent to Russia near the close of World War I for several reasons, all of which were related to the instability of the Russian government. First, the Russian army's disastrous defeat at the hands of the Germans resulted in the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II. Initially his government was replaced by an interim democratic administration (the only democratic regime that has ever existed in Russia) under the leadership of Alexander Kerensky. This change in government structure caused president Woodrow Wilson to change his mind about participation in the war. He had initially refused to commit the US to an alliance with the despotic Tsarist government. Thus, US troops were mustered for action on the Western Front.
The various Allies are estimated to have sent the following strength of troops to the Russian campaign (from Wikipedia):
Someone sent me a link to a blog. Now, it’s pretty rare that I mention a blog that has only one post so far, but it’s a pretty big post. The blog is Prop 19 Questions and the first post has… 850 questions. (I’m taking their word for it, I haven’t counted them myself.)
That wasn’t the end of the attacks, however. Slade O’Brien, southern regional director for AFP, shared this letter sent anonymously to Boostra.
A group using the name antis3curityops sent out a message on Twitter at 6:17 a.m. directing people to “fire” on chicagopolice.org and chicagoseargeants.org.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Indrani married Peter Mukerjea in 2002 and passed off Sheena and Mikhail as her sister and brother. Peter Mukerjea has acknowledged that Sheena and his son Rahul were in a relationship. He has also said he was told that Sheena was sent to the US because Indrani was opposed to the relationship.
Washington (CNN) The Office of Government Ethics Wednesday sent a series of four tweets outlining its procedures examining incoming Trump administration officials -- right in the middle of a contentious Senate hearing about Rep. Tom Price's stock transactions.
Not content to have its "brotherly love" reputation tarnished, some robo-minded citizens at Philadelphia hacker/maker space The Hacktory responded by offering to rebuild or repair HitchBOT and send the yellow-gloved wonder on its way. On Wednesday, the bot's co-creators at Toronto's Ryerson University responded with a polite but firm declination.
Following that exchange, Ryerson University spokesperson Johanna VanderMaas issued a press release confirming that HitchBOT's journey was conclusively over and that alleged security-cam footage of its demise turned out to be fraudulent. VanderMaas teased tentative plans for HitchBOT to be rebuilt and go on one of two journeys in 2016: either a recreation of the original, remaining American path from Philadelphia to San Francisco or a "school-to-school" path that would ask American students to "devise robot adventures" at its every stop. The press release also remarked on the social-experiment nature of HitchBOT's journey, noting that its destruction was met by an "outpouring" of fans asking to send financial and technical support.
According to a letter management sent to employees on July 15, quoted by Handelsblatt, “the previous business model with a heavy focus on the luxury chain [has] failed. Perfetto ran a “constant deficit” and was in need of major restructuring. For this reason, “Perfetto was not able to avoid personnel cuts.”
The Brazilian wanted to swap City for Barcelona in 2010 but Raiola , who wasn't even Robinho's agent, intervened and sent him to Milan. PAVEL NEDVED
Moggi : "You and Ibra continue to make trouble. Don't send him to training ..."
India’s massive courier industry is mostly illegal as a result of this law. That’s because, as per this act, the government retains the exclusive privilege “of conveying by post, from one place to another” most letters. Courier companies can, however, send letters by calling them “documents.”
Movistar director says the Spanish team is standing by its decision to send Quintana to Italy, even with Sky showing weakness
GENT, Belgium (VN) — Many are still scratching their heads over Movistar’s insistence to send Colombian sensation Nairo Quintana (Movistar) to the Giro d’Italia instead of the Tour de France.
According to team management, Movistar brass simply believe it’s a better for Quintana’s young career to send him to the Giro, where he can race to win what would be his first grand tour, rather than return to the Tour with too many expectations, and face off against an ever-confident Froome.
“If we think we’re going to send police to do the dirty work of containing the problems that arise there — without as a nation and society saying what can we do to change those communities, to help lift up communities, and give those kids opportunity — then we’re not going to solve this problem,” he added.
‘Boita Bandana‘ –symbolizes the ceremonial send off to the merchants’ ships of the past when seafarers of yore would set sail in large vessels called ‘Boitas’ to the islands of Bali, Java, and Sumatra and Borneo that now form Indonesia.
Sawyer was dismissed as a suspect in the case when officials learned that he could prove he had been in Osceola, Iowa, on the night of the murders. He had been arrested for vagrancy there, and the Osceola sheriff recalled putting him on a train (to send him away) at approximately 11 p.m. that evening.
In 1914, two years after the murders, Kelly was arrested for sending obscene material through the mail (he was sexually harassing a woman who applied for a job as his secretary). He was sent to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, the national mental hospital in Washington, D.C. Investigators speculated again that Kelly could be the murderer of the Moore family.
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed.
Support for racers is supposed to come from the cycling federation’s network of leagues and clubs. But many have fallen on hard times because of a lack of funding and allegations of mismanagement and corruption. Victor Hugo Peña, a retired Colombian cyclist who is an ESPN race analyst, said that only a handful of the two dozen cycling clubs in and around Bogotá, the capital, train riders and send them to races.
"You send a message out every time you speak," Orgeron told USA TODAY Sports afterward.
Marie wrote, “I’ve been accused of having a social media team that attacks LeeAnne and Tiffany, so let me set the record straight. I employ several people who help me with PR for my Signature skin care line RAGS2Riches by Marie Reyes in three different cities and I employ a young man, ONE young Millennial man, who helps me with my businesses’ social media accounts. He also helps me with social media, specifically Twitter, around the airing of this show. Surprise, I’m not the gif or photoshop queen, LOL! So, my social media “team” is a whopping one person (someone has to do the artwork and hit the send button) + me and my husband!” I can’t imagine that many people are hitting up Marie or regularly checking her social media pages for content. This is definitely not something that she needs an employee for. As I keep saying, she’s not even a Real Housewife.
LANDING ZONE SETTLED IN ENVIRONMENTAL PACT: The 17 WTO members involved in an environmental tariff-elimination agreement settled on applying the cuts to more than 300 products during the 15th round of negotiations last week. The development sends the signal that the deal can be wrapped up before the end of the year, as members are hoping, a Geneva official said.
ROCHESTER - U.S. Senate candidate Al Franken took the DFL endorsement by acclamation on Saturday, after a day of questions, speeches and fretting by some activists over whether the controversial satirist can wage a focused campaign to unseat Republican U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman. After being publicly and privately urged to do so, Franken tackled the issue of his sometimes sexually explicit humor head on, with the outright apology that many had been waiting for. "It kills me that things I said and wrote sent a message ... that they can't count on me to be a champion for women, for all Minnesotans. I'm sorry for that. Because that's not who I am," Franken told delegates. Franken acknowledged that in his often edgy career as a comedian. "I wrote a lot of jokes. Some of them weren't funny. Some of them weren't appropriate. Some of them were downright offensive. I understand that." Franken then turned attention to Coleman, saying that "there are some people in Washington who could afford to feel a little less comfortable." Drawing on his strength as an acerbic critic of Republicans, Franken said that he would "stand up to Norm Coleman in a way he's never been stood up to before." In the end, DFLers agreed with Franken and were preparing to endorse him on the first ballot when Franken's rival, Jack Nelson-Pallmeyer withdrew. Franken had garnered nearly 62 percent of the votes, slightly more than needed for endorsement. Franken said he accepted endorsement in a "spirit of tremendous gratitude and tremendous humility" and would dedicate himself to the tasks of securing universal health care, leveling the economic playing field, improving educational opportunities and withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq.
The MCE grant proposal, supplements, and FORTRAN coding sheets 6 19 20 21 included detailed plans for analysis of autopsy data, and a 9-track magnetic tape file with full autopsy data (MCE Tape #380) (appendix part 1) was known to exist. To our knowledge, however, no autopsy results have ever been published or reported. According to the 1989 publication, 57.1% (corresponding to 295 of the 517 reported deaths) of participants who died during the experimental dietary intervention phase underwent autopsy. Hearts, aortas, and brains were sent to the University of Minnesota for blinded grading by university pathologists. We recovered heart and aorta autopsy files for 149 out of these 295 completed autopsies. The remaining autopsy files remain unaccounted for.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
Although both the 2009 report and the Innocence Project highlight the utility of DNA evidence, it’s the quality of the test that matters. Here too, scientists can help. For example, a DNA test provided the evidence that sent Robert Dewey to jail in 1996 for the rape and murder of a 19-year-old woman in Colorado. Seventeen years later, in April, the court declared Dewey innocent on the basis of new results from a re-test of the DNA extracts with more advanced methods.
One scooter manufacturer, Swagway, said Amazon sent out notices asking sellers to prove their scooters "are compliant with applicable safety standards, including UN 38.3 (battery), UL 1642 (battery), and UL 60950-1 (charger)." Swagway's model was one which Amazon pulled from sale, and the company said they have sent the required information to Amazon.
In late June, IDSA sent a letter to Congress signed by more than 60 organizations—including the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Pew Charitable Trusts—expressing concern about Trump’s proposed budget cuts. As the letter points out, Trump’s 2018 budget proposal would also eliminate more than $1 billion from the National Institutes of Health and cut $50 million from the Food and Drug Administration’s Center for Veterinary Medicine, which has been working on curbing the overuse of antibiotics in animal agriculture. (My colleague Tom Philpott wrote about how livestock practices give way to drug-resistant superbugs in this Mother Jones feature.)
In Dead Aid, Dambisa Moyo describes the state of postwar development policy in Africa today and unflinchingly confronts one of the greatest myths of our time: that billions of dollars in aid sent from wealthy countries to developing African nations has helped to reduce poverty and increase growth.
At least one border post was burned down. Nato peacekeepers were sent to help police at the Jarinje and Banja crossings.
Hasbro is aiming at luring 8- to 12-year-olds back to these board games. Its executives say this age group, accustomed to video games, wants a fast-paced game that requires using their hands. To move forward on the new Monopoly board, players cover their game piece with their hands, and the tower announces how many spaces the player can move. Players also hold their hands over decals to buy or sell properties, insert “bank cards” into slots to check their accounts, and send a plastic car moving around a track to win money or other advantages (only when the tower instructs them to, of course).
“I want to send 20 coins to X”,
“I want to send this 10 coin output, and this 5 coin output, and this 8 coin output to X, and also send 3 coins back to Y, which is my wallet.”
This is called coin-picking , and it is one of the reasons that smart contract implementations on top of Bitcoin have been so difficult up to this point. A coin output must be either spent completely or not spent at all. What we’ve done with this account abstraction layer is make it so that smart contracts on the blockchain have something similar to a wallet. When a user (or another contract) sends coins to a contract, the code will create a standard “funding transaction”, which is spendable only by the appropriate smart contract. It would be a great burden for smart contracts to have to pick their own coins (i.e., having to write your own algorithm in Solidity), so we have added a consensus-critical coin picking algorithm which all contracts must use. So, for a contract to “send 5 coins to X”, the miner will pick contract-owned coins (using the consensus-critical coin picking algorithm), and when it has enough inputs for the value to send, it will then construct the outputs of the transaction. In this case, it would be “5 coins to X, remaining coins to sending smart contract (change output)”. This transaction is then added to the current block. It’s important to note that these transactions are not broadcast on the P2P network, they are only added by miners (and it is consensus-critical that they add them if they put the contract transaction in the block)
Additionally, we’ve set up a mailing list that will send out occasional emails about the future of the project; it’s a great way to keep caught up with the future of our projects. You can subscribe to the mailing list here: http://www.pixeltailgames.com/newsletter
Recent versions of B/W Orzhov might have their Shining Shoals, but Henke's deck isn't a Sudden Impact build... It attacks with many small packets of burn, and is therefore less vulnerable to having an "all-in" reversed. They are spending all these cards and all this mana on card advantage from Dark Confidant and Ghost Council of Orzhova, but Henke's deck can just hang back, hold the ground with Scorched Rusalka (take one, friend), and send seven or eight damage for the same mana that the B/W player is spending on his Ghost Council.
Of course, Hemingway had never fought with the Italian forces. He had been a volunteer ambulance driver with the Red Cross. He was handing out chocolates and cigarettes to Italian soldiers when his leg was seriously wounded by mortar fire. After extensive surgery and a long period of convalescence, he was sent home to the United States, having served for two months. This, however, did not make for a good story. So Hemingway procured a custom-tailored Italian officer’s uniform and cape, and made up a better one instead.
Hemingway eventually wrote a more succinct letter of resignation, but he waited until December 27 to send it, so he would be assured his Christmas bonus. By early January 1924, he had returned to Paris.
Johnson continued, “He knows what he’s doing. He’s aware who his audience is. In terms of violence against police, his audience was not police or survivors, his audience was leaders of Black Lives Matter, protesters and agitators. … He sent a clear message: ‘I’m on your side.’”
This link will help you easily send an email to Gov. Brown and the Assembly and Senate Public Safety Committees to stop the so-called security and welfare checks! http://bit.ly/1keDTUG
Rather than give in or let himself become bankrupted by attorneys’ fees, Nadeau sent out a plea for support over the Internet. A local paper, the Stowe Reporter, picked up on the David vs. Goliath angle of the story, and soon media across the country, from the Boston Globe to the Associated Press, were following suit. “We got over a million tweets within days,” says Nadeau.
The First Lady sent out a heartfelt message, “If you are in or near projected path of Hurricane Irma please listen to local law enforcement in the area. Stay safe!!!”
The devices also come with Samsung Pay, so you can leave your wallet at home if you're headed out for a quick jog. There's also a solid SOS safety feature that lets you send for help in case of an emergency, similar to what's already available on the Apple Watch.
Registration begins on Aug. 18 at Games.CrossFit.com. Send your team captain to the site to register the team. As part of the process, the captain will pay and send email invites to their teammates.
He became known for his vivid combat pictures and also for the risks he took and the wounds he survived. At the time Mr. Flynn disappeared, Mr. Page had suffered his most severe injuries, from a mine explosion that sent shrapnel into his brain and body.
Everything I just covered above is dealing with the "no birth control inside of marriage" idea. What about the "no birth control" idea outside of marriage? What about that poor teen aged girl who was only given an abstinence only education by the same church? Who wasn't even given the most basic knowledge of exactly what sex IS, never mind the lesson on "how you get pregnant"? Essentially, that poor girl is sent out into the world with no education at all, no protection.. and gets taken advantage of by a boyfriend and gets pregnant? She is going to have hell to pay from her parents, who some how think she should have known better but didn't give her an education to know, Period. Then you are going to stick her with raising a baby that is a constant reminder of "how she screwed up" and how she is such an "embarrassment", "immoral" and a "slut" according to her parents and the church who refused to educate her in the first place? How nice of you. What about that woman who was minding her own business and gets raped and impregnated? Lovely that you want her to be reminded of something horribly traumatic and disgusting every day of her life! Let me guess she "deserved it" and it was "Gods will" that she was raped, right? What about that little 10 year old who "played a game with Daddy" and gets pregnant? Nevermind the fact that her little body can not handle a pregnancy with out permanent damage, or the fact that the child will be born from incest or the terrible mental damage it will do to her to be forced to have her own sibling. Congratulations all you pro-birthers. The idea that birth control should be non-existent and so should abortion just doomed all those innocent females to a living and perhaps life threatening hell. And doomed the baby as well.
Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres says hit out at Uefa after being sent off against Barcelona, suggesting referee Felix Brych was not ready for such a big game.
A paper receipt, however, is becoming unnecessary as the city replaces its parking meters with newer models that give drivers more options and can even send a text message alerting them that their time is about to expire.
About 9 percent of people parking in Houston pay with ParkMobile, a smartphone app connected to the city's meters, Irshad said. A driver simply registers a vehicle, punches in the five-digit location shown on the sides of parking meters, and pays via PayPal or credit card. The app also sends warnings and allows someone to add more time to the meter remotely, provided they have not used all of the three-hour limit that applies in some places.
After being emotionally manipulated and abused by the very group members he was supposed to trust, Andrew came to the painful conclusion that he could no longer continue attending Mars Hill. He sent them this email, explaining why he would forego signing the disciplinary contract:
6. Hubbard believed in a world much like an idealized version of 1950s America that existed millions of years ago, even with cars of the same appearance in the streets, until overpopulation led the galactic warlord Xenu to gather up souls, freeze them, send them in planes to be dropped into volcanoes on Earth and then had them blown up with hydrogen bombs, releasing their spirits into the environment and setting the stage for the evils that plague the world today.
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
Twitch Plays Pokemon " uses Twitch.tv to live stream an emulated version of Pokemon Red that is played by translating messages sent in Twitch's chat system to commands on the virtual Game Boy. Post "left" to the chat, and 20 to 40 seconds later (due to the lag) the player moves left. Likewise with other commands. What's incredible is that after tens of thousands of players have sent thousands of messages every minute to the game, they have made significant headway: battles won, gym badges awarded, and Pokemon trained. Even in this seemingly chaotic frenzy, progress is made, albeit slowly.
The most severely traumatized are sent to specialist hospitals, but the rest are given support within the camps.
No. You can share documents securely with other Qi users but if a user does not have a Qi, you can chose to send the files unencrypted or chose not to send them.
The United Bid Committee of the United States, Mexico and Canada on Tuesday sent feelers to 44 cities inviting them to declare an interest in 2026 FIFA World Cup matches. It expects to include 20 to 25 venues in its bid to FIFA, of which maybe a dozen could be selected. Cities have to declare their interest by Sept. 5.
The evidence against Rowland includes the texts of several emails sent from the former governor as he aggressively, but unsuccessfully, tried to involve another candidate, Mark Greenberg. In Greenberg’s case, Rowland proposed to work on behalf of his campaign while entering into a contract purporting to work for “The Simon Foundation,” Greenberg’s animal rescue center in Bloomfield.
Last year, an attorney for Rowland sent prosecutors a copy of the proposed contract as evidence Rowland intended to work for the shelter, according to the recent court documents.
“To be able to help my family. For my children’s education. I’m glad my boss agrees with the wage increase,” Isaias Aguirre said as he cut hay with his brother Jose Aguirre on Tuesday. Isaias said he sends about $1,000 a month home to Mexico to help his three children.
Because the blockchain is public, one is able to see the number of coins created, the order in which they were distributed and the amount held by each address. A project wallet was created to hold the most coins and was scripted to automatically send a single Foamspace Coin over the blockchain to new users. The wallet was also scripted to send a small amount of bitcoin to each user without their knowledge in order to cover future transaction fees without requiring users to have or understand Bitcoin to engage in the project.
Yes, I had received racist tweets in the past – at least a few each day, but this was different. This was a sea of hate doing its best to engulf me. Finally, one of my followers sent me a link that explained what was happening– somebody had created a thread about me on a neo-Nazi site. I had some tweets about race that had been picked up by national press, and this neo-Nazi group had decided that this was too much legitimacy for a black woman to have, so they fired up their troops with screenshots of my tweets and information about where to find me on social media. Their goal was to harass me off of the internet because my voice was considered a threat.
But of course I don't feel sorry for the fact that he's been sent to jail because he has, you know, destroyed Sammy's life.
JUDGE GRAEME HENSON: Tell me why, Mr Kwon, why he shouldn't be sent to jail today.
JANINE COHEN: After a breathing tube is inserted, John is sent to the hospital's intensive care unit.
A journalist, novelist and poet, Hungarian-born Canadian writer George Jonas was best known for his non-fiction book “Vengeance,” about five Israeli agents sent to hunt down and assassinate those responsible for the massacre of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics. The book served as the basis for two films, “Sword of Gideon” (1986), and Steven Spielberg’s “Munich” (2005).
Last October, the agency sent Bayer a warning letter, citing the company for running two false and misleading television ads about Yaz. According to the letter, the ads overstated the drug’s efficacy, promoted it for conditions like premenstrual syndrome for which the drug is not approved, and minimized serious risks associated with the drug. In February, Bayer agreed to spend $20 million on a corrective advertising campaign to counteract misimpressions created by the original television spots.
Last month, the agency sent Bayer a warning letter about another problem — deviations from quality control standards at a manufacturing plant in Germany that makes drospirenone and other hormone ingredients used in Bayer’s birth control pills sold in the United States. The letter said that the way in which the facility calculated variability in ingredients did not meet American standards.
Mario Chalmers is a human with a cell phone so I sent him some text messages.
The result was chaos. Rebels described units being pulled off the line at critical moments, reinforcements failing to arrive on time and, in one case, more than 100 fighters being sent away in the midst of battle to attend a military training course behind the lines. This burgeoning disarray sapped the morale of the remaining fighters, undermined the confidence they had in their leaders, and sowed discord between factions who already mistrusted one another.
After a dramatic sudden death overtime finish to Tuesday night’s game that sent the Warriors to an 0-3 record, tonight’s contest ended very differently with the Warriors winning 77-69 (in regulation).
The contamination may be spreading. But so is the Navy's assistance role in the relief effort. The 7th Fleet said it expects the USS Tortuga to arrive on Tuesday at the eastern coast of Hokkaido, carrying two heavy-lift MH-53 helicopters. It'll pick up Japanese troops and vehicles and send them on to Aomori, in northern Honshu. Four more ships are expected to arrive starting on Wednesday: the Blue Ridge, the Essex, the Harpers Ferry and the Germantown.
Cruden makes his fourth test start and first since the World Cup final, and where such a selection might previously have sent the nation into panic attacks it is unlikely to cause more than a flutter.
"That's awesome. I'd like to see one sent with the name of every member of the Dean of Students Office as the offender. Hey, it's anonymous and no evidence is required. Sometimes that's the only way fanatics learn." [+166]
House passage sends the bill to the Senate, but it's not clear the upper chamber will consider the bill, particularly given the congressional pay language already in the fiscal-cliff bill.
But Bruce Jaggard, chairman of the board of the Richmond Tea Party, said it took the agency two-and-a-half years, until July 2012, to approve his group’s application to be a social welfare group in part because it sent the group two more rounds of questions in addition to those asked in the application.
“If you have to do something two and three times, there’s no question you’re going to get into a backlog,” Jaggard said. “Our application we had sent to them was complete with all the information they requested. So make a determination, a thumbs up or thumbs down. They made work for us, and they made work for themselves.”
We suggest you skip the normal registering process and just go straight for 微信登录 (login with WeChat). It will ask you to authorize the app to access your personal WeChat info. You will need to input the phone number that you wish to bond to the account. The app will send a message to that phone number with a code for you to input confirming the number is in fact yours.
In 2007, a month after the City Council approved the $800,000 purchase of a building in the 5800 block of International Boulevard that it wanted as a teen center, Brooks sent an e-mail to staff asking, “When can I have the keys?” according to a 2013 grand jury report on the project.
According to Anderson, her daughter’s 2014 Ford Focus had a tracking device that sent out pings every eight or 10 seconds for insurance reasons. On the morning of her disappearance, the tracking device sent out its final ping from the gas station.
The blackout has wreaked havoc in Somalia, where decades of conflict have combined with irrepressible entrepreneurialism to create a far-flung diaspora of almost two million people who earn money abroad and send it home to their relatives. The internet is what connects these Somalis with Somalia.
Offense and Defense are two important areas and StarDrive’s AI has gotten a bit better about handling them. For both offense and defense, the AI builds quite a few different fleets and assigns them different purposes. While their individual ship designs are not always the best, they tend to be rather effective at building workable fleets. For example, they tend to leave their troop transports in the rear and send their battleships in first to clear a path. Should they sense the tides have turned against them, they also aren’t afraid to cut their losses and retreat as quickly as possible. In addition to troop focused fleets, the AI will also equip many of its ships with bombs, and will assist the war effort by bombing your planets into oblivion if given the chance.
Offensively, the AI has surprised me a few times with its ferocity. The AI spares no expense in its fleets, and will often send more ships then you’d been expecting. I was also surprised to see it execute a few multi-pronged attacks, even at one time hitting three of my systems simultaneously. What I did not witness was the AI using specialty weapons or boarding techniques, even in circumstances where they could have clearly dominated me had they used some ingenuity.
In addition, this is not even the biggest issue I have with troops. Troops can also directly assault enemy ships. In my recent playthrough, I discovered that nearly every enemy ship I encountered, from the smallest fighter up to cruisers, could not only be defeated, but could also become one of my ships, if only I sent one or two troop ships to capture them. Imagine stealing 6 or 7 600+ value cruisers with only 7 or 8 troops which took only 50 production to create. That’s a huge swing, and a much better alternative to destroying them, and also, it is completely broken.
In May, a community pool and spa in Foothill Ranch in South Orange County was closed after two cases of Legionnaires’ disease were reported. The disease sent two people to the hospital.
The prototypes are tested before we create the detailed design and send it to the programming phase. Plans are ready to go to the next stages if they worked well for users.
It is unclear when the email was created and sent (fundraising emails are often scheduled to be sent well in advance). But the reference to "cleaning house" is a curious line given that the subject of the hour is the circumstances under which Trump fired Comey.
Please send any listener feedback to programming@kuow.org.
That is where the original essay ended. She was living at the time. She died on March 6, 1982. I sent her a copy with a personal letter, pleading that she rethink her ethics by taking all of reality into account, namely, the all-embracing reality of God. I don’t know if she ever received or read the letter or the essay. Her way of looking at the world strikes me still today in 2007 as amazingly perceptive and tragically provincial. So much in the world is seen so with a kind of truncated accuracy. But leaving God out of account distorts all reality. May the Lord give us eyes to see the world with as much sharpness as Ayn Rand, and with far more fullness and truth.
Wednesday: Pokémon Sun & Moon - News + PokéPark Wii - North American eShop by Serebii This update may be amended throughout the day so be sure to check back. If you have any ideas for the site, be sure to send them in
The Department of Transportation referred Business Insider to a White House spokesperson, who sent the following statement:
Long after the computer replaced the typewriter and hot metal gave way to offset printing, I still love the tactile touch of keys and the message it sends to me that I am, once again, crafting a story for people to read.
Optus has dusted off its M & A playbook for iiNet but is not expected to get involved in a takeover war that has already sent the Perth based telco's shares to fresh highs.
The dw() function calls a “struct” module from python library. According to the documentation, it performs conversion between python values and C structs represented as python strings. In this case, it interprets python integer and pack it into little-endian short type binary data. This is a valid response sent by the “malicious” DNS server when it receives any initial queries. This response packet is constructed intentionally in large size (with 2500 bytes of null), it forces the client to retry over TCP and allocate additional memory buffer for the next response. This also triggers the dual DNS query from getaddrinfo() on the client side, which is a single request containing A and AAAA queries concatnated.
This is the second response sent by the malicious DNS server. It is a malformed packet sending large numbers of “fake records” (184 Answer RRs) back to the client. According to google, this forces __libc_res_nsend to retry the query.
This is the third response sent by the “malicious” DNS server. It is another malformed packet which is carrying the payload. JUMPSEC researcher has modified the Google POC code to identify the the number of bytes to cause a segmentation fault (possibly overwriting the RET address) of the buffer. It is found that the RET address is being overwritten on the 2079th byte. With the addition of return_to_libc technique, an attacker can bypass OS protection such as NX bit or ASLR and perform remote code execution.
In September 1796, Gilbert Elliot, the British viceroy of the Anglo-Corsican Kingdom, decided that it was necessary to clear out Capraja, which belonged to the Genoese and which served as a base for privateers. He sent Nelson, in Captain, together with the transport Gorgon, Vanneau, the cutter Rose, and troops of the 51st Regiment of Foot to accomplish this task in September. On their way, Minerva joined them. The troops landed on 18 September and the island surrendered immediately. Later that month Nelson oversaw the British withdrawal from Corsica.
On the last three landing missions, the country that led the world in the manufacture of cars also sent them to the moon. The lunar rovers never traveled faster than about 11 mph (18 km/h) though in the moon’s 1/6th gravity, that provided what felt like a light, speedy ride. Here, Apollo XVI’s John Young leans seemingly jauntily against his ride, with the overexposed top half of the image creating the overall effect of a casual vacation shot snapped during an off-road trip in the desert southwest—minus the can of beer that really ought to be perched on the fender.
When President-elect Donald Trump announced that he would name retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as his national security adviser, one group was especially happy. The anti-Muslim group ACT for America sent an email to its supporters saying that they were “truly elated” by the pick, noting that Flynn still serves on the group’s board of advisers, which he seems to have joined this summer.
When the Germans sent Popov to set up a large spy ring in the U.S., he was asked to gather some very provocative information for the Japanese. The Japanese request, called the "Japanese questionnaire," involved a lot of extremely specific information about Hawaii and Pearl Harbor. British Intelligence and Popov came to the conclusion in August of 1941 that the Japanese were preparing an invasion of the United States at Pearl Harbor.
Update: The first batch of invites have been sent out!
Steam In-Home Streaming will allow you to play a game on one computer when the game itself is actually running on another computer somewhere else in your home network. Through Steam, game audio and video is captured on the remote computer (server) and sent to the players computer (client). The game input (keyboard, mouse or gamepad) is sent from the players computer (client) to the actual game on the remote computer (server). – In-Home Streaming FAQ page
London-based Grainne, who is from Northern Ireland, told Sunday Life: “The wording we requested was ‘Gay marriage rocks! Happy engagement, Andy and Joe! Lots of love xxx’. We were thrilled when Ashers accepted our online order, and full payment of £23.40 plus £20 P&P, but the next day they sent the cancellation note and a refund.
It does not mention its stance on gay marriage, but states that people must not send content or images which contain any “threatening, defamatory, blasphemous or pornographic material”.
The DHS is an active participant in the war on immigrants in the United States—the very same issue that the president and the House are trying to tackle. Undocumented immigrants of all stripes are being treated like base criminals, from housekeepers trying to send money home to their families to hardened criminals with extensive records. Immigration and Customs Enforcement reports 315,943 “removals” for 2014, including those of people without criminal records.
Charles Kenney at Bloomberg commented about the consequences of surveillance culture: “Beyond the waste of money and the overregulation, the expansion of the homeland security state has created unnecessary fear among a population that should be able to trust its government to send accurate signals about risk.”
None of these were impossible before. After a call was declined or unanswered, you used to be thrown back into the chat where you could easily call again or record a voice message to send to your contact. But the options are now integrated with the chat and just a tad bit easier and more intuitive to do.
Sens. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va) and Barbara Boxer (D-CA) sent a letter Wednesday to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Mary Schapiro urging their respective agencies to probe whether employees of News Corp. subsidiaries attempted to bribe British police and whether Americans’ phones may have been hacked.
Anyone who mentions the name of the French president around members of Germany's governing coalition at the moment can expect to see plenty of irritated faces. Dubbed the "French general," Nicolas Sarkozy has already annoyed members of Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats and their coalition partner, the business-friendly Free Democrats, by not consulting anyone when he sent his fighter jets to patrol the skies over Libya. Didn't the French president once allow "Brother Colonel" Moammar Gadhafi to pitch his Bedouin tent in Paris, they ask? Perhaps, they add, Monsieur Sarkozy wants that little snippet of information to be quickly forgotten -- along with his cosy relationships with other North African despots. Oh, and he is facing elections next year, as well: A determined military operation to defend human rights might do no harm in that respect.
Assuming that the ABS gains access to the roll, it is unclear whether it will be able to send ballot papers to all registered voters. The position of silent electors is particularly uncertain.
"We don't have to send out messages to anyone," Valencia's director of football Francisco Rufete told Valencia TV on Wednesday.
In the email, which was sent in early May to then-DNC communications director Luis Miranda, Chalupa noted that she had extended an invitation to the Library of Congress forum to veteran Washington investigative reporter Michael Isikoff. Two days before the event, he had published a story for Yahoo News revealing the unraveling of a $26 million deal between Manafort and a Russian oligarch related to a telecommunications venture in Ukraine. And Chalupa wrote in the email she’d been “working with for the past few weeks” with Isikoff “and connected him to the Ukrainians” at the event.
There will be TWO winners: one from CERN and one from the general public. If you are from CERN, make sure to send your pictures from your CERN e-mail account.
If you are from CERN, make sure to send your pictures from your CERN e-mail account. The competition is open until 31 January.
Duncan: Exactly. So, So I can read that in The Bhagavad Gita and it’s cool like how he understands the vastness of the cosmology in what we call Hinduism. But in real life are you ready for that, are you ready to see that and to really see it? Not just to think man, can I really manipulate reality using my mind or is it possible that we exist in multiple timelines. Is it possible that we are existing in a multiverse and I can jump in the different multiverses just through intention moving closer and closer and closer to my divine self. Is it possible that my divine super evolved actualized self existing at some point in some future and some multiverse can send signals back to me that I can follow in the direction of that thing. Is it possible that at some point in some future in some multiverse there is some awakened version of me that is the awakening version of all people that is calling out through all multiverses to bring those who can hear closer to it and we call that thing Gad when actually the closer you get to the thing the more you turn into it. Because it’s that powerful and if that is possible are you ready for that? Your ego will be like f*** yeah I’m ready, that sounds awesome
Song was given the suspension after being sent off during Cameroon's second match at the World Cup.
Indeed, in recent years cartels have used an extensive portfolio of rackets and scams to diversify their income. For example, they used to kidnap rivals, informants and incompetent subordinates to punish, exact revenge or send a message. Now that they have seen that people are willing to pay heavy ransoms, kidnapping has become their second-most-lucrative venture, with the targets ranging from businessmen to migrants.
"Having an LGBT mayor of our nation's capital sends an important message to our entire country about what America is. America is a place where there is equal opportunity, where there is fairness, and it is a place where if you play by the rules, you can succeed," Catania said. "... Having yet another group achieve success through fidelity to those values is an affirmation of what's great about this country. But that's it. We're not going to have fabulous parties."
A light American-style lager – the description doesn’t exactly send shivers of excitement down my spine.
I am currently in the 25th grade. If you ask me to identify your artifact please do not call me “little lady” or turn to face the undergraduate male standing beside me to answer the question I just asked you. It is also bad form to send me an email with a subject line THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME WITH MY PHALLUS PENIS HAMMER . I realize that you are appreciative of the long and uncomfortable half hour we spent together as I explained why your stone maul could not be both “nipple topped” and “phallic” at the same time. I am, however, a state employee, the university reads my emails, and my boss is getting the wrong impression.
In Puerto Rico, the local population had already been inoculated from the Danish colony of Saint Thomas. In Venezuela, the expedition divided at La Guayra. José Salvany, the deputy surgeon, went toward today's Colombia and the Viceroyalty of Peru (Venezuela, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia). They took seven years and the toils of the voyage brought death to Salvany (Cochabamba, 1810). Balmis went to Caracas and later to Havana. The local poet Andrés Bello wrote an ode to Balmis. In New Spain, Balmis took 25 orphans to maintain the infection during the crossing of the Pacific. In the Philippines, they received help from the Catholic church, which was initially reluctant until Governor-General Rafael Aguilar made an example by vaccinating his five children.[5] Balmis sent most of the expedition back to New Spain while he went on to China, where he visited Macau and Canton. On his way back to Spain, Balmis convinced the British authorities of Saint Helena (1806) to be vaccinated.
Simon frees a Sithi from a trap, who gives him a White Arrow in return. He meets Binabik (and Qantaqa the wolf) and journeys along with them. They head for the rest and safe haven of an abbey in the forest, only to find the abbey burning, its inhabitants mostly killed. Simon is briefly captured by a band from the Hayholt (but not King Elias men) then escapes when creatures from legend called Bukken attack the band. Simon and Binabik head back into the woods, and find themselves hunted by men and dogs, sent by Pryrates to track down Simon (who saw too much). They rescue two girls, one of whom is Marya, who Simon knew as a boy Malachias, from the castle. Together, all journey to the house of the witch woman Geloë. Here, Binabik and Simon travel the dream road with the witch woman, and discover some of the forces that are allied with King Elias and Pryrates. The huntsman and his dogs come at them again, and they run toward an ancient Sithi city, where the huntsman shoots an arrow through Binabik. Simon saves his friend, and with Marya they are eventually rescued by Josua outside of the castle Naglimund.
It was hardly a secret that Herman D. Farrell Jr. had planned to retire from the New York State Legislature. The governor feted him at a goodbye breakfast in June. Colleagues sent the 85-year-old assemblyman off to shouts of “for he’s a jolly good fellow.” They even named a state park after him.
Meanwhile, Trump's campaign has done little to assuage the concerns of the nation's Hispanic voters. Trump sent a video greeting to an annual conference of Hispanic evangelical pastors last weekend in California — seen as one of his first attempts to reach out to any large group of Latinos. But this week he also strongly attacked one of the country's most prominent Latina political figures, New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, a Republican, telling rally-goers in Albuquerque that "she's got to do a better job."
Iran to send 4,000 troops to fight alongside Syrian regime: report
Iran will send 4,000 of its troops to Syria to aid president Bashar al-Assad's forces in its fight against rebels, according to the UK's Independent newspaper.
Key points Iran will send 4,000 troops to fight alongside Assad's forces
“I raise prayers for the repose of his soul, that the Lord God, who is rich in mercy, may welcome him in His eternal peace, and I send my apostolic blessing to those who share in mourning the passing of the cardinal,” Francis wrote.
Leiha Ann-Sue Artman, 25, pleaded guilty to making a false report of a felony, a crime punishable by up to four years. MLive reports that even though Artman has a considerable rap sheet, the judge did not send her to prison, so she will do her year in the county jail.
The ATI request was sent to Heritage Canada, which worked closely with Parks Canada and Veterans Affairs on the design and construction of the memorial.
It was later theorized that Yamato’s 90-degree list caused the shells for its main batteries to slide in their magazine, hitting their fuses and exploding. The eruption sent thousands of pieces of shrapnel into the air, and the rain of debris killed most of the unlucky sailors swimming on the surface. The underwater concussion killed those near the submerged main deck. Swimmers unfortunate enough to be near Yamato’s raked smokestack were caught in the massive suction created by the huge open funnel as the ship went under.
They said his calcium was continuing to rise despite the medications and it had gotten so high the machine couldn't read it, & his kidney levels were elevated and they didn't know if it was because he was dehydrated or if it was failing. He stayed at the e-vet until late the next day receiving fluids and having other tests done - we sent one out to check his parathyroid levels, as at this point we had narrowed the causes down to either hyperparathyroidism or cancer.
So why did women in Gaza send a message of compassion to women in Flint earlier this month?
That’s all well and good, but the Olympic Park ground at Collingwood’s Holden Centre training base only has a reported safe capacity of 5,000 people. That number isn’t official, either, and the AFL has sent in contractors to assess the ground’s true capacity, given it isn’t ordinarily set up to be a spectator venue.
The lands of the Nez Perce stretched from Oregon to Idaho, but after the Gold Rush, in the 1860s, the federal government seized millions of acres of their lands, crowding them into a small part of their former lands. Chief Joseph led the resistance to the ongoing encroachment of Nez Perce lands in the 1870s, but his people came under fierce attack in 1877. Chief Joseph was forced to lead a retreat toward the Canadian border. He and his followers were defeated, some forty miles from the border, in Montana, on October 5, 1877. He was sent to the Indian Territories in Oklahoma, where he continued to speak out against the crimes of the U.S. government, as he did in a visit to Washington in 1879. From Voices of A People's History, edited by Zinn and Arnove
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
Whenever the white man treats the Indian as they treat each other then we shall have no more wars. We shall be all alike—brothers of one father and mother, with one sky above us and one country around us and one government for all. Then the Great Spirit Chief who rules above will smile upon this land and send rain to wash out the bloody spots made by brothers' hands upon the face of the earth. For this time the Indian race is waiting and praying. I hope no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
This morning @EPA sent out a press release highlighting reaction to Trump's climate Executive Order...this first quote seems off message: pic.twitter.com/Na2EWCrBzj — Patrick Ambrosio (@Pat_Ambrosio) March 30, 2017
Following the discovery of the error on the release, the EPA apologized and sent a correction, providing the intended quote from Senator Capito voicing support for Trump's rollback of the Clean Power Plan.
Trump Jr. and former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort have agreed to interviews with the Senate Judiciary Committee, the panel announced Friday, while the committee has sent a subpoena to compel testimony of the co-founder of a firm tied to a controversial research dossier on the president.
Let's attempt to make the case, however fruitless, that OSU's linebacker corps will thrive even without Ryan Shazier. I'll buy it, in fact, and here's why: Shazier was otherworldly, true, but perhaps the motivation to fill his All-American shoes brings the most out of the five or six linebackers set to top the rotation. Maybe motivation will send senior Curtis Grant off on a high note after three years of frustration; if he's ready, Grant's the guy in the middle – and if not, OSU won't hesitate to hand the job to five-star freshman Raekwon McMillan. There's a little competition underway on the strong side between sophomore Darron Lee and redshirt freshman Chris Worley, which I think will very beneficial for overall depth. And then there's the leader of the group, junior Joshua Perry (64 tackles), and I have a suspicion he's due for an all-conference season on the weak side. Also, keep in mind Ash's simplified scheme when considering OSU's potential on the second level.
The House doesn’t post live election results so we sent people into the chamber to count votes. Kevin nearly had a heart attack.
All along the Sicilian coastline, in port towns better known for their beaches than for refugee crises, local authorities are begging for help – from Rome, certainly, but also from Brussels. What they need, says Lillo Firetto, mayor of Porto Empedocle, is a “supranational approach” to be taken in conjunction with the United Nations and the EU. Firetto, whose town has seen more than 8,000 arrivals this year, says the local council wants to provide a reception “worthy of its name” – but that is hard to do. “When, in the course of two days, 2,000 people arrive, and you’re forced to send them to sports halls or other makeshift structures, it’s obvious that this is not the kind of reception required,” he says.
Outside a soup kitchen opposite Catania station run by the Catholic charity Carita, Teame Habte, 20, from Eritrea, is munching on some bread with some friends, who give their ages as 15 and 16. To travel to Italy, he says, he came through Ethiopia, Sudan and Libya and was taken from the sea to Lampedusa. “My uncle lives in Rome,” he says. “I will work. I will do any work. I need to send money home because my family is very poor.”
When Sicily first started to see an increase in the number of arrivals last year, the local community responded well, with donations pouring in and young people working to form a kind of network of solidarity, according to Emiliano Abramo, representative of the Sant’Egidio Christian community in Catania. “Now these things are being felt less,” he says. “In many places we have a generational clash. It seems with the economic crisis there always has to be someone to be angry with. In Augusta, this is what happened. The youngsters play football with the migrants. And their parents circulate petitions to send them away.”
“When you speak of sending our kids again, let’s make it worth it, not just to send them to politically help some Haliburton or somebody else.”
Human rights groups lauded CAT’s advancement of the discussion. The National Center for Lesbian Rights’ (NCLR) #BornPerfect campaign sent survivors of the dangerous conversion practices to testify before the committee. “Today, for the first time, a United Nations committee recognized that conversion therapy is an issue of international human rights,” said Samantha Ames, NCLR’s #BornPerfect Campaign Coordinator. “We are incredibly grateful to the Committee Against Torture for raising up the voices of conversion therapy survivors, and ensuring their suffering is finally being vindicated.”
He is an additional member of the Power Ponies Megaforce and the partner of Fili-Second (Pinkie Pie); Troteye (Cheese Sandwich).Troteye is Fili-Second's secret admirer. He is an agent sent by the S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention - Equestrian Logistics Division), along with Captain Coltimate (Flash Sentry), Steellion (Soarin'), Pony Torch (Spitfire), etc. to support the Power Ponies and Humdrum (Spike) in fighting the army of Highbreed invading Equestria. When Zap (Rainbow Dash) was foalnapped by the Highbreed, Troteye was sent to rescue her, but Fili-Second immediately became jealous of his swift and good archery and they both competed on who will rescue Zap first. But the competition did not turn out well. When Zap was on the verge of her demise, Troteye and Fili-Second worked together to stop the Highbreed and free Zap and they prevailed. From then on, Troteye became Fili-Second's partner.As a cunning and skilled archer, despite being a heroic pony, he is always looking for excitement to feel great amusement. Trot-eyeTroteye is a skilled and agile archer. With his trusted bow Bowless, he can be able to fire countless arrows of different shapes and kinds (fire arrows, ice arrows, arrows that shoot nets, arrow bombs, etc.). But sometimes, when there is a huge horde of his enemies, he relies on Fili-Second to fire all of his arrows within only a few seconds. Afterwards, she would return all of Troteye's arrows to him within only a few seconds.Even if Trot-eye's weapon Bowless is of great use for any battle, unfortunately, itTrent Mercer/Fernandez (White Dino Ranger) and Power Rangers Dino Thunder belong to © Saban Productions and DisneyMikoto Nakadai (AbareKiller) and Bakuryuu Sentai Abaranger belong to © Toei Ltd.Hawkeye belongs to © Cheese Sandwich and MLP:FiM belongs to ©
When making an investment in anything—hunting gear, a new skiff, one of Ted Juracsik’s famed fly reels—it’s a great idea to commit to regular maintenance and upkeep. Clothes are no different. And, with the rainy months nearly behind us, now is the time to send that well-worn Barbour jacket out for a little TLC. The worst thing that can happen to a Barbour jacket is for it to dry out. Since it can’t be washed, the exterior cotton fabric is dependent upon wax to help keep its sturdiness and weather-fighting characteristics in tact. Bottom line: If it dries out, it rips, and if it rips, you’ve got a much bigger repair bill on your hands.
After some research, I contacted New England Reproofers, an outfit located in Nashua, New Hampshire, and asked them about their process. There is a mystique about sending anything back to the factory (and out of your sight) for repairs, but Art, the resident expert, assured me that my Beaufort would be in good hands. The cost for reproofing and odor removal is $75 – this includes return shipping, as well. Satisfied, I wrote my check and sent it, along with my Barbour, up North to the Granite State. This is what happens during its two-week (give or take) stay:
Hamilton police sent boats on to the river after the raft briefly capsized, throwing most on board into the water near the Pukete boat ramp on Saturday.
The caps are theirs, not mine. Presumably, a similar edict has been sent to other Master Gardeners across the province. But c’mon. Are the pesticide police really going to prosecute me for giving people advice about such things?
If the answer’s yes, then I say: bollocks. This government ruling (which appears to have its origins in the Ontario Pesticide Act) is just another example of bureaucracy gone mad. Many of these so-called “home remedies” (the sniffy term the Ministry of the Environment uses to describe simple gardening tips) have been been around for years. They were used by our grandparents. And they work. If — as the edict implies — there is something terribly dangerous about resorting to these measures in our gardens now, let’s hear what they are. Before taking this Draconian directive seriously, I want proof that they have actually caused harm to someone or something. The powers-that-be who dreamed up this absurd law should be aware, too, that Master Gardeners are thoughtful, intelligent, well-informed folks, who undergo extensive training before assuming their role of educating the public about gardening. To become an MG, you must first slog through two years of intensive horticulture correspondence courses from the University of Guelph (I know. I did it 20 years ago) then agree to keep learning more at monthly meetings. We acquire a wealth of useful knowledge — which we’re happy to pass on to others for free. (MGs are all volunteers). We are not a bunch of brainless ninnies who advocate taking damaging or dangerous steps to get rid of pests and diseases in the garden. Denying people access to what we know is ludicrous. Especially nowadays, when there’s a real thirst for information about practical alternatives to conventional pesticides. Must we — sigh — become fearful of absolutely everything in our lives? If you agree, please send a protest to minister.moe@ontario.ca And while you’re at it, a copy Toronto Master Gardeners (toronto.mg@hotmail.com ) who — distressingly — seem content to seal their lips about the benefits of baking soda and whatnot — and simply bow to what the government wants. As for me, wanna know a “home remedy” for earwigs? Whoops. Can’t tell you. I see the pesticide police arriving . . . Read more The Real Dirt from Sonia Day END www.soniaday.com
Feedback on any of the toolkit documents is very welcome and should be sent to opensource@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk.
The C-Zen - 'C'est Zéro Emission Nocive', or 'No Harmful Emissions' – from French company Courb is a powered by a 12kW (16bhp) electric motor hooked up to a 96V lithium-ion battery pack weighing 100kg. Drive is sent to the back wheels through an automatic gearbox.
Nitsana Darshan-Leitner and Shurat HaDin did not reply to an email sent yesterday seeking comment on the issues raised in this article.
The more I read, the more I became interested. I reached out to Denis and asked him if I could have a review unit to test. He promptly sent it out to me and here I am now.
Top Republicans remained hopeful, until late Thursday when GOP lawmakers voiced a public protest. Twenty-one Republicans voted against a spending bill to send a signal to leadership that the tax-rate bill didn’t meet their muster. It was the rank and file screaming that Plan B would not pass.
"You sent me here to fight for all Missourians, and that includes fighting for and defending people of faith who are too often under attack," he said in a Facebook video ordering the Department of Natural Resources to lift its ban on state grants for religious organizations.
*** Which party is more comfortable debating Ryan and his plan? Here’s another question to ponder: By picking Ryan, are Romney and the Republicans playing on their turf? Or on the Democrats’ turf? On the one hand, the Romney-Ryan ticket will double down on the argument that Obama and the Democrats have failed when it comes to the deficit/debt. After all, the deficit was $1.4 trillion in FY ’09; $1.3 trillion in ’10; $1.5 trillion in ’11 (projected); and $1.1 trillion in ’12 (projected). On the other hand, Obama and the Democrats have been DYING to turn the presidential contest into a race against House Republicans. And guess what: Romney just selected a House Republican to be his running mate. As one of us wrote over the weekend, Obama has already delivered three big speeches in the past two years taking aim at House Republicans and the Ryan budget. “It’s a vision that says if our roads crumble and our bridges collapse, we can’t afford to fix them,” Obama said during his April 2011 speech at George Washington University. “If there are bright young Americans who have the drive and the will but not the money to go to college, we can’t afford to send them… It’s a vision that says America can’t afford to keep the promise we’ve made to care for our seniors.” Obama’s other two speeches were in Kansas (in Dec. 2011) and at the AP luncheon (in April 2012).
Someone sent me a lovely email advising me that I was “on the list” and that “you will be targeted”.
For foreign exchange traders it marked the culmination of a rally that has sent the Brazilian real soaring for months.
"As things changed dramatically in the presidential race, 'Walker for America' incurred a campaign debt and it is my hope that you and all of our supporters will chip in and make an online contribution of $10, $35, $50, $100, $250, or more so we can end this campaign in the black," Walker wrote in a fundraising email sent this week. "It is a lot to ask, I know, but we feel personally obligated to make sure that every small business that extended us their good faith and credit is repaid."
But back to the film — namely, that grizzly attack: Glass left Ashley's group to join Henry's (don't ask), and early in the journey, Henry sent two of his now roughly 30-strong group to hunt some meat, telling the rest, including Glass, to stay put. But our protagonist had never liked orders. Also, he hankered for some berries.
If you’re not a reddit user (or just want to chat with us directly), you can always send us an email at [email protected].
And don't forget to check out my collection of NJ's funniest bar signs. If you have one of your own, post it or send it my way!
The gates at the fence open only for three hours: 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m., noon to 1:00 p.m., and 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. These are the only times when Rahim and his family can move back and forth to visit relatives, go shopping, or send their kids to school.
We asked Genentech for comment and will update you accordingly. [UPDATE: The company sent us this a statement saying that “decisions on how we manufacture and package our medicines are taken very seriously and all of our medicines, including Herceptin, are packaged to meet FDA regulations and specifications.]
Another $10,000 goes to Marat Yakupov. His app Bomogram is the best attempt to create a fully native app for BB 10 from scratch. Bomogram is fast and smooth, but lacks functionality – all you can do with it is view your chats and send text messages. However, since Bomogram is a native BB app, it could become the most promising project submitted during the contest, should Marat decide to develop it further.
The third $5,000 is awarded to Petar Šegina, the creator of yet another native app, Teletonne. By the time our contest ended, Teletonne was less stable and functional than Bomogram (you could only view messages, not send them), but it is a great attempt at creating a native BB app nevertheless. If improved, it could catch up!
Could today’s America come together to build an interstate highway system or send astronauts to the moon, as we did just seven years after John Glenn first orbited the Earth?
High-tax states like New York now send tens of thousands of pension checks to Empire State retirees in tax-free Florida. Communities of seniors are rising that look like replicas of the suburbs of the 1950s. People gravitate toward their own kind. Call it divorce, American-style.
Which is exactly why Tesla Motors is so eager to publicize its early deployment of a handful of state-of-the-art charging stations in key coastal corridors to make the case that you can drive all up-and-down without a worry. If you can get a critical mass of early adopters excited about that limited set of existing infrastructure, you build momentum for more infrastructure and more electric cars. So John Broder’s nightmare story in The New York Times of misleading energy counts, freezing temperatures, and ending up stranded on the roadside is a disaster for Tesla. Except Tesla says they put equipment in the car to monitor driving patterns and charge levels, and according to their data Broder is just lying about what happened. Allegedly he didn’t drive the route he said he drove in the article, didn’t set the temperature where he said he sent it, didn’t charge the car as much as he said he charged it, and didn’t go the speeds he said he went. Broder fires back here.
When you are Jahlil Okafor, there’s no shortage of suitors—college coaches who flock to your games and practices; who text and call you multiple times a week just to check in; who send you Photoshopped images of you shaking hands with the NBA commissioner (as Baylor did); who name their dog after you (as an assistant at Ohio State did).
EFF recently posted three new sets of documents obtained through FOI requests. Yesterday, as reported in the Wall Street Journal, EFF released the lists of private and public entities that have been granted authorization by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to fly drones in the United States. The lists were obtained through EFF’s lawsuit against the FAA, which seeks a variety of information on domestic drone authorization and use. The lists provide the public with the most thorough accounting to date of the organizations operating drones within our borders. Yesterday, along with EFF’s disclosure, Congressmen Ed Markey and Joe Barton sent the FAA a letter (pdf) asking the agency to disclose information similar to that sought in EFF’s FOIA suit.
"If we've got to talk to a foreign government about their behaviour, or negotiate a treaty, or some country asks us to send our troops in to defend someone else, we've got to make a decision. And the question becomes: Are we going in out of our national interest or because there's a Trump casino around?"
“We need to send a strong message to these people,” he said. “A town-hall meeting is not a time for everyone in town to come to a hall and meet.”
Despite the public’s largely positive response to Ghostbusters, it seems as though some bearded internet trolls still want to make their distaste for the all-female reboot heard. One of the main targets has been Leslie Jones, the only woman of colour in the main cast, and this abuse has taken a very racist turn. For the last 24 hours, Jones has been tweeting a fraction of the racist bullshit she has been sent in the last week.
Ok I have been called Apes, sent pics of their asses,even got a pic with semen on my face. I’m tryin to figure out what human means. I’m out — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 18, 2016
When Blumenthal hooks himself up to the device and starts chomping on a chocolate-covered digestive, the MS-Nose sends data back to a computer screen, where the levels of flavor released are plotted on a chart.
96 tonnes of methane and oxygen would be needed to send the Earth Return Vehicle on a trajectory back home at the conclusion of the surface stay; the rest would be available for Mars rovers. The process of generating fuel is expected to require approximately ten months to complete.
Artist's rendering of Mars Semi-Direct/DRA 1.0: The Manned Habitat Unit is "docked" alongside a pre placed habitat that was sent ahead of the Earth Return Vehicle.
The NASA model, referred to as the Design Reference Mission, on version 5.0 as of September 1, 2012, calls for a significant upgrade in hardware (at least three launches per mission, rather than two), and sends the ERV to Mars fully fueled, parking it in orbit above the planet for subsequent rendezvous with the MAV.
With the potentially imminent advent of low-cost heavy lift capability, Zubrin has posited a dramatically lower cost manned Mars mission using hardware developed by space transport company SpaceX. In this simpler plan, a crew of two would be sent to Mars by a single Falcon Heavy launch, the Dragon spacecraft acting as their interplanetary cruise habitat. Additional living space for the journey would be enabled through the use of inflatable add-on modules if required. The problems associated with long-term weightlessness would be addressed in the same manner as the baseline Mars Direct plan, a tether between the Dragon habitat and the TMI (Trans-Mars Injection) stage acting to allow rotation of the craft.
"Mars to Stay" proposals involve not returning the first immigrant/explorers immediately, or ever. It has been suggested the cost of sending a four or six person team could be one fifth to one tenth the cost of returning that same four or six person team. Depending on the precise approach taken, a quite complete lab could be sent and landed for less than the cost of sending back even 50 kilos of Martian rocks. Twenty or more persons could be sent for the cost of returning four.[16]
The house is on fire Someone important calls you (it takes real work for them to call you) Maybe one or two people send you a text-based message (message from spouse)
If you’re creator of said app, and you think “I know I’ll send them a notification” please reconsider. Instead, think hard about your app:
somebody sent me a message about work (huh moving on, OH CRAP YES I WANT TO TALK TO YOU)
Somebody sent me a message about work Somebody wants to connect with me
Instead, Gingrich resigned because House Republicans unexpectedly lost seats during the 1998 midterm elections. The Romney campaign sent us a few news clips making reference to the ethics probe when Gingrich resigned but neither The Washington Post article nor the New York Times article on his resignation made any mention of it.
But current and former U.S. officials said a presidential visit to the DMZ sends a more pointed message to the American and South Korean troops who patrol the border region just 30 miles north of Seoul — as well as the enemy forces on the other side — that the United States remains committed to the bilateral defense treaty that has been in place since the armistice that halted fighting in the Korean War in 1953.
But Green said Bush's team eventually came to conclude that such a moment could be misinterpreted as a provocative call for regime change in Pyongyang. Instead, they sent him to the ­Dorasan train station near the border to call on the North to open an uncompleted railway between the two countries.
On Monday morning, President Trump met with business leaders to present a plan for keeping jobs in the United States. He offered a carrot — a dramatic cut in taxes and regulations — as well as a stick — a substantial tax on companies that decide to send their factories offshore.
Since the World War 2 “Panzer” series and the “modern” MBT use the same game system, it would be fun to take 1 M1 Abrams and send it up against 4 or 5 Tiger tanks and see what happens. I bet it wouldn’t be pretty for the Tigers especially with the modern laser sites and hard hitting APFSDS rounds on the Abrams.
One of the features that we get with Backbone’s router is the ability to control the browser’s history and the back button. Every time we send the browser to a new url#route, Backbone records it in the browser’s history. This allows us to move backward and forward in the application, using the browser’s backward and forward navigation button.
Move over Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Snapchat and iMessage, Allo has arrived. Google’s new messaging app, Allo (pronounced aloe, not all-o), was announced in May during Google’s I/O conference. But it debuted Wednesday in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Allo is Google’s answer to the new wave of messaging apps dominated by Facebook. It’s also a coming out party for the A.I.-driven Google Assistant. Allo gives you smart reply buttons and more than two-dozen stickers to express yourself. It has a Snapchat feature that lets you send private end-to-end, encrypted messages that can be made to disappear after they've been read. Google has designs on taking down Amazon with its Google Home, Daydream and Android Instant apps.
‘Private schooling cannot be justified by appeal to these familial relationship goods,’ he says. ‘It’s just not the case that in order for a family to realise these intimate, loving, authoritative, affectionate, love-based relationships you need to be able to send your child to an elite private school.’
There is another option available. The rich world could address the imbalance within its economies while simultaneously addressing the geographic imbalance. It could allow much more immigration. Investing in people in developing countries in hard and risky. But if those people wanted to come to America and were allowed to, then lots of things change. Investing in those people would not then require that money be sent abroad, to a different financial system in a different currency overseen by a different government. If the savings are in rich countries and the most productive investments are in poor ones, then the savings can move or the investments can move.
However, if a bank sends a pattern of single "quantum" photons into the paint, the reflected pattern would appear to have more information -- or points of light -- than the number of photons projected. An attacker attempting to intercept the "question" would destroy the quantum properties of the light and capture only a fraction of the information needed to authenticate the transaction.
"It would be like dropping 10 bowling balls onto the ground and creating 200 separate impacts," said Pinkse. "It's impossible to know precisely what information was sent (what pattern was created on the floor) just by collecting the 10 bowling balls. If you tried to observe them falling, it would disrupt the entire system."
Ramesh Kumar (name changed) stays with his family in a plush apartment in upscale Gulmohar Park. He sends his daughter to one of the best schools in the city in his luxury car, but does not spend a penny towards her school fees.
“So is that the best that you can come up with after going off to college?” she asked a group of PieLab workers who came to apologize. “Is that what your parents sent you to school to learn? I thought y’all were supposed to set examples.”
<manifest> ... <application> <!-- BroadcastReceiver that listens for incoming SMS messages --> <receiver android:name=".SmsReceiver" android:permission="android.permission.BROADCAST_SMS"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.provider.Telephony.SMS_DELIVER" /> </intent-filter> </receiver> <!-- BroadcastReceiver that listens for incoming MMS messages --> <receiver android:name=".MmsReceiver" android:permission="android.permission.BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.provider.Telephony.WAP_PUSH_DELIVER" /> <data android:mimeType="application/vnd.wap.mms-message" /> </intent-filter> </receiver> <!-- Activity that allows the user to send new SMS/MMS messages --> <activity android:name=".ComposeSmsActivity" > <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.intent.action.SEND" /> <action android:name="android.intent.action.SENDTO" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" /> <data android:scheme="sms" /> <data android:scheme="smsto" /> <data android:scheme="mms" /> <data android:scheme="mmsto" /> </intent-filter> </activity> <!-- Service that delivers messages from the phone "quick response" --> <service android:name=".HeadlessSmsSendService" android:permission="android.permission.SEND_RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE" android:exported="true" > <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.intent.action.RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" /> <data android:scheme="sms" /> <data android:scheme="smsto" /> <data android:scheme="mms" /> <data android:scheme="mmsto" /> </intent-filter> </service> </application> </manifest>
In consideration of some apps that do not want to behave as the default SMS app but still want to send messages, any app that has the SEND_SMS permission is still able to send SMS messages using SmsManager . If and only if an app is not selected as the default SMS app on Android 4.4, the system automatically writes the sent SMS messages to the SMS Provider (the default SMS app is always responsible for writing its sent messages to the SMS Provider).
However, if your app is designed to behave as the default SMS app, then while your app is not selected as the default, it's important that you understand the limitations placed upon your app and disable features as appropriate. Although the system writes sent SMS messages to the SMS Provider while your app is not the default SMS app, it does not write sent MMS messages and your app is not able to write to the SMS Provider for other operations, such as to mark messages as draft, mark them as read, delete them, etc.
So when your messaging activity resumes, check whether your app is the default SMS app by querying Telephony.Sms.getDefaultSmsPackage() , which returns the package name of the current default SMS app. If it doesn't match your package name, disable features such as the ability for users to send new messages.
Because the ability to write to the SMS Provider is restricted to the app the user selects as the default SMS app, any existing app designed purely to backup and restore SMS messages will currently be unable to restore SMS messages on Android 4.4. An app that backs up and restores SMS messages must also be set as the default SMS app so that it can write messages in the SMS Provider. However, if the app does not also send and receive SMS messages, then it should not remain set as the default SMS app. So, you can provide a functional user experience with the following design when the user opens your app to initiate a one-time restore operation:
“The drone can be deployed when an alarm is triggered. It can find a subject and send live video to the owner's phone and ask if you want to authorize the subject or detain them. If you detain them, it drops into fully autonomous mode to detain them until police arrive. If need be stunning them with 80,000 volts of electricity to render them incapacitated,” said a statement from Chaotic.
Chaotic co-founder, William Hurley, was quoted by Fox News of Austin: “If you imagine a S.W.A.T. raid and people running, why send officers, with guns blazing, down an alley way where they can shoot and harm an innocent person or whatever, when you could just have the drone autonomously follow them.”
ON A business trip last month, Gulliver spent nearly 36 hours straight (minus sleep time) side by side with someone she had just met—sitting next to him in a car on a six-hour drive, eating meals together, conducting the work our mutual employer had sent us to complete, then driving another six hours and, finally, flying back home in adjacent seats.
On Sept. 30, Wente sent the investigation to the Hennepin County Attorney’s office for possible prosecution. In it, he wrote about the videos, “at no time does she indicate that she is in distress or that the contact is unwelcome or nonconsensual.”
Trump alienated the Republican warhorses when he pledged to pursue, like a real disciple of the conservative political creed, a foreign policy that does not send American men and women off to distant battlefields to be killed and maimed in senseless military adventures.
Our main objective is clearly demonstrated in our two-part film project: "Tweaked" and "Tweaked: A Generation in Overdrive", which present a warning of the real dangers associated with Meth abuse growing in America. The first film, "Tweaked", presents the problem with little hope or solution. Running 20 minutes, the length and graphic content send a devastating wakeup call to any addict or potential user that SPEED KILLS. Designed for use in the classroom or counseling session, it will, without a doubt, stir the viewer toward a more realistic viewpoint of the drug and it's potential danger.
At low doses the drug can block hunger, focus attention, steady the hear and boost endurance. At high doses the drug briefly makes the body feel good, but kills the brain in the process. Meth sends a message to the brain cells to fire more dopamine, a feel-good chemical that is also critical to normal brain functioning. Hours after it is ingested, cell receptors begin to turn off to slow the flow of dopamine, and this is where meth differs from other stimulants, such as cocaine. While other stimulants allow brain cells to capture and repackage dopamine, meth does not. The brain cells respond by releasing an enzyme to knock out the extra dopamine. With repeated use, the enzymes eventually kill the dopamine cell, which leads to a chemical change in the way the brain works.
… extended beyond prostitutes to unmarried mothers, mentally retarded women and abused girls. Even young girls who were considered too promiscuous and flirtatious, or too beautiful, were sent to an asylum by their families.
Others reportedly ended up in a Magdalene asylum for being “slow learners.” They might never receive a lick of non-religious education again. The nuns were known to forge “school reports” and send those to the girls’ relatives, to conceal that their charges had been turned into slave laborers.
If it didn’t take much to be sent to one of these hellholes, getting out wasn’t so easy.
In 1824 the viceroy of Egypt sent a unique gift to the new king of France: a two-month-old giraffe that had just been captured in the highlands of Sudan. In this week’s episode of the Futility Closet podcast we’ll follow the 4,000-mile journey of Zarafa, the royal giraffe, from her African homeland to the king’s menagerie in Paris.
A soldier may have been well enough to get into the military and be sent into battle (often multiple times). But once they're ready to be discharged and are experiencing symptoms of PTSD or other behavioral problems, the military often "discovers" they had an underlying mental illness or disorder that should have disqualified them from service in the first place--leaving them potentially ineligible for benefits at the time they need help the most.
Yet as Mark Benjamin pointed out, Schoomaker "also claimed that the experiences of the 4th and 3rd Brigades in combat were 'similar.' That's not what's indicated in the report--the 4th Brigade, where the murder suspects were clustered, had eight times more combat deaths than the 3rd. Moreover, the report indicated that the Army itself played a role in denying care to the soldiers--half, some with suicide issues, were sent back to Iraq 'early,' according to the report."
Both [Marquez and Eastridge] were wounded, sent back into action and saw friends and officers killed in their first deployment. On numerous occasions, explosions shredded the bodies of civilians, others were slain in sectarian violence--and the unit had to bag the bodies. "Guys with drill bits in their eyes," Eastridge said. "Guys with nails in their heads."
IN 2007, while still in Iraq, Needham attempted to shoot himself in the head--he was prevented by a comrade who knocked the gun away. Yet despite his suicide attempt, he was never sent for a psychiatric evaluation. Instead, he was punished--confined for more than two weeks and told that he could face charges and possible time in military prison for illegal discharge of a weapon.
After Mike Needham intervened for his son, asking Fort Carson's inspector general for help, John Needham finally received treatment and a diagnosis of PTSD and depression. After being released from Walter Reed Army Hospital, he was sent back to Fort Carson where, according to his father, he faced abuse, which he recorded in notes he kept about his treatment. According to Benjamin and de Yoanna:
Some of the complications, though, are self-imposed, by the aspirations of the Legislature, the governor and the exchange’s own leadership. When other states delayed or gave up on a concept called “no wrong door,” Oregon held on, and is still holding on. The goal is to give people one portal — the Cover Oregon website — to sign up for insurance, whether they qualify for commercial insurance or Medicaid. In most other states, people who appear to qualify for Medicaid are sent to a separate enrollment process through the state Medicaid office.
There’s still no estimate for when online enrollment will be available, and officials are now urging people who need or want insurance to fill out a paper application or an online PDF and send it in as soon as possible. Applications are being processed by hand — a process that’s likely to take weeks, rather than the minutes that the website promised.
Anna rolled her eyes. She was just about to send a reply (a "where the hell are you?" when her phone beeped again.
After the United States government announcement that it will no longer challenge a nationwide hold on protections for transgender students, nearly 800 parents of transgender children sent a letter to President Donald Trump condemning the decision and calling on his administration to fully enforce federal civil rights laws. The letter, signed by parents from 45 states plus Washington, D.C., was organized by the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), and its newly formed Parents for Transgender Equality Council, a coalition of the nation’s leading parent-advocates working for equality and fairness for transgender people.
Apple sent an email to Tim Novikoff, founder of flash card app, Flash of Genius, asking him to delete, "Finalist in Google's Android Developer's Challenge!" from his app description.
I was perhaps five yards away, and I watched with the closest attention the momentous talk. I knew what the President was going to do. What was vital to measure was its effect on Stalin. I can see it all as if it were yesterday. He seemed to be delighted. A new bomb! Of extraordinary power! Probably decisive on the whole Japanese war! What a bit of luck! This was my impression at the moment, and I was sure that he had no idea of the significance of what he was being told. Evidently in his immense toils and stresses the atomic bomb had played no part. If he had the slightest idea of the revolution in world affairs which was in progress his reactions would have been obvious. Nothing would have been easier than for him to say, “Thank you so much for telling me about your new bomb. I of course have no technical knowledge. May I send my expert in these nuclear sciences to see your expert tomorrow morning?” But his face remained gay and genial and the talk between these two potentates soon came to an end. As we were waiting for our cars I found myself near Truman. “How did it go?” I asked. “He never asked a question,” he replied. I was certain therefore that at that date Stalin had no special knowledge of the vast process of research upon which the United States and Britain had been engaged for so long...
In his memoirs, Truman wrote that he told Stalin that the United States had “a new weapon of unusual destructive force.” Apparently, the President did not tell Stalin the new weapon was an atomic bomb, and the Soviet leader did not ask or show any special interest. He merely nodded and said something. “All he said was that he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make good use of it against the Japanese,” Truman wrote. Across the room, I watched Stalin’s face carefully as the President broke the news. So offhand was Stalin’s response that there was some question in my mind whether the President’s message had got through. I should have known better than to underrate the dictator. Years later, Marshal Georgi K. Zhukov, in his memoirs, disclosed that that night Stalin ordered a telegram sent to those working on the atomic bomb in Russia to hurry with the job.
Several secret coded telegrams sent by the Nizam of Hyderabad over the tense months of 1947-48, after he had declared his intention not to join India and Pakistan, also provide insights into his bitterness and his plan to hire a European prime minister for Hyderabad. The standoff finally ended after India launched Operation Polo to liberate Hyderabad in September, 1948."Gandhi has started his fast with the intention of unifying the Muslims but he is an old fool and his character is doubtful," the Nizam says in one of his several telegrams to his legal advisor Sir Walter Monckton, who played a key role in the Nizam’s negotiations with Lord Mountbatten after Hyderabad declared its intention to remain independent.In another telegram, the Nizam tells Monckton to find a European prime minister for Hyderabad, so as to further firm up his declared independence, which was being opposed by the communists, the Congress and the Indian state. "Try for dominion status for Hyderabad within the Commonwealth. Try to get a European prime minister," according to the Nizam’s telegram to Monckton.According to a note of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), these telegrams were sent by the Nizam to Monckton "in code," after the arrival of K M Munshi as India’s agent general in Hyderabad and Mahatma Gandhi’s fast.The telegrams show that the Nizam was heavily dependent on Monckton to advice him through the crisis. "Come early, the condition in the state is worsening day by day. India government is trying to strangle Hyderabad and is giving all kinds of difficulties. She is encouraging border incidents. These rascals are unnecessarily creating trouble regarding the Rs 20 crore loan to Pakistan. There was nothing wrong in transferring the Indian securities into Pakistan securities. Hyderabad is prepared for the worst. Give also this information to the authorities in England. Come early," the Nizam wires Monckton.In another telegram, the Nizam tells his advisor that Mountbatten is likely to come to Hyderabad and force it to accede to the Indian Union. "If he comes here with that intention, the condition here will worsen as the people would not like that. I have already declared my independence and I am not ready to rescind from that position and accede, whatever may happen. My people are also with me," the Nizam says. And then again appeals to Monckton to come early because Mountbatten was expected to visit in February, 1948.The Nizam also reveals in one of his telegrams that the ‘Stand Still Agreement’ signed on November 29, 1947 with India was only to "mark time".Also among the declassified documents are many other intelligence reports that bring out the deep suspicion that Indian agencies had of British officers of the Indian Army. One assessment says they are mostly "pro-Muslim and are creating as much trouble as they can before they quit India next year", and they must be sent back at the earliest.This particular report — put up by V P Menon for the perusal of Mountbatten — also talks of the need to remove the British brigadier posted in Secunderabad. Among the intelligence reports are also several inputs about the irregular fighters, communists, movement of foreign journalists and others.As tensions further mounted, in August 1948, the agent general was told in a detailed secret report that "aerial gun running is still going on between Karachi and Hyderabad. The planes are mostly landing at Warangal and occasionally at Bidar. Incidents have been reported of two and even three planes arriving the same day. It is through these planes that emissaries of Hyderabad travel to Pakistan and the places abroad".On September 18, 1948, Major General Syed Ahmed El Edroos, the commander-in-chief of the Hyderabad State Forces, surrendered his army to Indian troops under Major General J N Choudhuri, who later became the Army chief. Hyderabad became an independent state between 1948 and 1956, and then it was split up among Andhra Pradesh, Bombay — later divided into Gujarat and Maharashtra — and Karnataka.
According to the researchers, they will demonstrate how to send a series of mostly invisible SMS "bursts" that can give a hacker complete control of the iPhone. That control will include dialing the phone, visiting Web sites, turning on the device's camera and microphone, and more. The hacker will also be able to send more text messages to facilitate spreading the iPhone SMS hack to other iPhones.
BOND: It’s so significant because no one’s really found out who ordered these shots to be fired and under what conditions, though for about a year we’ve had a commission looking into this, the Farlam Commission, and it has unveiled some secret police video and emails that are very, very incriminating for the police, because it seems now that instead of the original media reports from August 2012, in which the mineworkers were allegedly charging the police with their machetes, their knives, and then were mowed down by automatic police fire, instead those workers now, with new video tape that was previously unavailable, were actually walking more casually and then began to panic as they saw barbed wire being rolled out. And that Farlam Commission investigation also showed the number-two man in the ruling party, Cyril Ramaphosa, formerly a mineworker leader, having sent some emails–again very incriminating–as a 9 percent owner of Lonmin, the main company under strike at that time, that company then calling in the police, calling in the mining minister. In other words, a very important connection–maybe collusion is the proper word–between big business, big government, and a police force that then, and still today, seems ready to shoot to kill.
Weeks later Trump and Kasich spoke on the phone and afterward Weaver sent Trump's campaign chairman Paul Manafort Kasich's "Two Paths" speech -- a pretty clear signal Kasich had no interest, a Kasich source confirms.
Chapter 8: I liked this episode. Shows how the war was almost over yet the generals were looking for something to do. So they send out patrols. Focuses on Webster who missed Bastonge, and although he has been in the company since normandy, feels like an outsider. Sad part when Jackson dies from his own grenade.
While the airport gets substantial funding from the City of Gary, the State of Indiana and the federal government, it gets additional millions of dollars every year from the City of Chicago -- more than $3.6 million dollars since the beginning of 2011 alone, financial documents reveal. Since 1995, Chicago has sent a total of more than $26 million to help operate the Gary airport.
Part of "The Compact" requires Chicago to send monthly checks to the Gary Airport from ticket fees paid by passengers arriving and departing at O’Hare and Midway Airports. Those fees alone amounted to $2.4 million paid to Gary in the past year and a half. This "Passenger Facility Charge" -- or PFC money -- is earmarked for capital projects like Gary’s 1900-foot runway extension, currently under construction, and the relocation of railroad tracks, which must be moved to provide sufficient clearance for larger planes to land on the newly-extended runway.
But on top of the passenger fees, Chicago taxpayers also send money to GCIA, every year, to help with the daily operation of the airport. In the past year and a half, that’s amounted to more than $1.1 million from Chicago taxpayers, over and above the $2.4 million from the ticket fees.
The explosion sent detritus far into the surrounding fields and badly burned the body. Photos showed the Peugeot’s mangled shell in a field, dozens of yards from the blast site. Witnesses described a small explosion followed seconds later by a larger one as the burning car skidded down the road and into the field.
“She probed the very authorities who are now charged with finding her killer or killers. For this reason, the investigation into her brutal murder must be beyond reproach. Anything less will send a terrible signal for journalists everywhere.”
Pebble Time's new microphone lets you send voice replies to incoming notifications* or take short voice notes. We used the latest technology to maintain water resistance so you can swim or surf with Pebble Time (we do not, however, recommend talking underwater).
In her responses sent to Judicial Watch and the court on October 13, 2016, Clinton refused to answer these three questions outright and responded that she “does not recall” 20 times concerning her non-government clintonemail.com email system. She preceded her responses by eight “general objections” and two “objections to definitions.” The words “object” or “objection” appear 84 times throughout the 23-page document submitted to the court and Judicial Watch.
Mr. Bentel told employees in his office that Secretary Clinton’s email arrangement had been approved by the State Department’s legal staff and also instructed his subordinates not to discuss the Secretary’s email again: In one meeting, one staff member raised concerns that information sent and received on Secretary Clinton’s account could contain Federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy Federal recordkeeping requirements. According to the staff member, the Director stated that the Secretary’s personal system had been reviewed and approved by Department legal staff and that the matter was not to be discussed any further. . . . According to the other S/ES-IRM staff member who raised concerns about the server, the Director stated that the mission of S/ES-IRM is to support the Secretary and instructed the staff never to speak of the Secretary’s personal email system again.
This week we released 323 pages of Department of State documents, including previously unreleased email exchanges in which Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin sent classified information over Clinton’s clintonemail.com unsecure email system. According to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) exemptions cited in the documents, three of the email exchanges contained material “classified to protect national security.”
The emails also show that Valmoro sent Clinton’s government schedule to the unsecure email addresses of numerous members of the Clinton Foundation staff on October 16, 2009, again on October 18, 2009, and on October 25, 2009. The emails also include discussions of personnel matters and appointments on Clinton’s unsecure account, which may run afoul of federal privacy law.
This is the thirteenth set of records produced for Judicial Watch by the State Department from the non-state.gov email accounts of Huma Abedin. The documents were produced under a court order in a May 5, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the State Department requiring the agency to produce “all emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013, using a ‘non-state’.gov email address” (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)). Previous records releases documented special Clinton State Department consideration for Clinton Foundation supporters (see here, here, and here.)
On both November 29 and November 30, Pagliano sent Cooper emails detailing the attempted hack:
Later on November 30, Cooper sent the entire email exchange with Pagliano to the Secret Service. Before providing Judicial Watch with Cooper’s email reports, the State Department redacted the identity of Cooper’s intended recipient with the notation “REFERRED FOR CONSULTATION – USSS.” The State Department redacted the recipient under a “B7 (C)” FOIA exemption, which is “Law enforcement information whose disclosure would constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.”
6:2 That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.
6:3 And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
6:4 Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
Even so, Norway was ready to unleash a real storm in the dying seconds. First Mats Zuccarello came charging over the blue line, but Markstrom produced a glove save to win that duel and send Norway to the bench for a time-out. And the tactical rethink paid off: Jonas Holos shot from the blue line and Andreas Martinsen slammed his stick down on the slot to deflect the puck into the net to leave the Swedes with an an anxious 90 seconds to navigate.
Bailey sent an investigator up to Ashland to interview Grate.
Last month, Barrett Brown's legal counsel sent us a letter from their imprisoned client, who was at the time bored out of his mind in jail. Today we received another missive from Barrett, this time exploring the contradictions of censorship in America, and what it says about our citizenry.
In the first three quarterly issues of the PCC newspaper published in 1975, Albrecht had published articles written by Allison, describing how to design and implement a stripped-down version of an interpreter for the BASIC language, with limited features to be easier to implement. He called it Tiny BASIC. At the end of the final part, Allison asked computer hobbyists who implemented it to send their implementations to PCC, and they would circulate copies of any implementations to anyone who sent a self-addressed stamped envelope. Allison said, Let us stand on each others' shoulders; not each others' toes.
After the first photocopies were mailed to those who had sent stamped addressed envelopes, PCC was flooded with requests that the publication become an ongoing periodical devoted to general microcomputer software.
The legal definition of electronic communication service is "any service which provides to users thereof the ability to send or receive wire or electronic communications," but the U.S. Justice Department has taken the position that any service that provides others with means of communicating electronically qualifies.
Experiment with which sounds you send to what bus. I guarantee you’ll get some very useful results.
Some $350,000 was sent to OneVoice, ostensibly to support the group’s efforts to back Israeli-Palestinian peace settlement negotiations. But OneVoice used the money to build a voter database, train activists and hire a political consulting firm with ties to President Obama’s campaign — all of which set the stage for an anti-Netanyahu campaign, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said in a bipartisan staff report.
Italy captain Gigi Buffon hailed his move for its apparent "humility," opening a door should his performances merit a call-up that had seemed closed forever after his last appearance for the Azzurri when he was hooked at half-time against Uruguay out of fear that he would get sent off.
For now this is the model for Balotelli to follow, as is the story of Giuseppe Garibaldi, Italy's great unifier who was born in Nice. For someone who divides his country and opinions around the world, Balotelli could think of few better people to be inspired by. "Garibaldi sent me," he quipped on Instagram and who knows this could be his personal Risorgimento -- the Resurgence his career so badly needs.
Sampson said Kyree sent a letter at the end of June announcing the program was closing. When she asked about her last paycheck, Kyree called her "yelling and cursing, 'Don't ever call me again, stop texting me. As of today, there's no check,'" according to Sampson.
Administrators at the Ella Baker School, which has no affiliation with Empire Camp, would not comment to NBC 4 New York, but parents said they sent them a letter saying they could not reach anyone from the camp either.
So when coach Dwane Casey met with the media after the Raptors' roller-coaster Game 6 victory over Milwaukee that sent them into the Eastern Conference semifinals and a showdown with the Cleveland Cavaliers, all he could do was shake his head.
Like the last demo, we need to submit each point twice, with mirrored orientations so they are pushed away from each other. However, instead of computing the normal and miter length CPU-side, we do it in the vertex shader. To do this, we need to send along vertex attributes for the next and previous positions along the path.
The above Scripture quote is part of Jesus’ exhortation to His Twelve Apostles as He sends them out to preach, heal and cast out demons in His name. He reminds them that all they have received from Him is a free gift and that they must, in turn, give the Gospel free of charge to everyone.
Hcrt cells, or neurons containing the neuropeptide hypocretin, are located exclusively in the brain's hypothalamus. Hypocretin sends messages to numerous regions throughout the central nervous system, including the major mass of cells that regulates sleep.
But his resistance to pushing his ethics overhaul after his State of the State address sent the reform community a different message. “In previous years the way he's allocated the might of his bully pulpit has been a good barometer for what issues will gain traction and which ones will fall to the wayside,” Jimmy Vielkind presciently wrote for Capital New York.
Trader Joe's also has a "Fearless Flyer" that showcases new products or highlighted products of the month. The flyer is sent out periodically to homes upon request with no charge, and is available in-store. The company sends out "E-Flyers" that are only accessible online. Both flyers include stories about new products, a description, and even recipes.[30] On May 1, 2018, Trader Joe's launched their first podcast, "Inside Trader Joe's". This podcast has five episodes and features crew members, store captains and executives. Listeners can learn about the way the retailer does business, where and how they discover new products, get answers to frequently asked questions, and more.[31]
At the Sermons from Science pavilion, a Christian endeavor that aimed to “illustrate the compatibility of faith and knowledge,” a demonstrator sent the electricity coursing through his body to ignite a block of wood in his hands.
The editorial pages editor is Gordon Clark, who can be reached at gclark@theprovince.com. Letters to the editor can be sent to provletters@theprovince.com.
Her daughter Britney just texted four words that sent her scrambling: "On the Plane Train."
The last but not the least is global technology innovation. The launch costs aboard a PSLV is currently the lowest, at a paltry $15 million. In comparison, it currently costs SpaceX about $60 million to send each rocket into space. NASA’s launches cost more than $100 million. Those by the European Space Agency’s (ESA) Ariane-5, Japan’s H-IIA, and the Chinese Long March also cost about the same. A Russian Proton costs $68 million to launch.
"Washington has deployed two carrier battle groups around the South China Sea, and it wants to send a signal by flexing its muscles: As the biggest powerhouse in the region, it awaits China's obedience," it said.
One could say the same of the British and one can understand why LGBT Iraqis are fed up. The foreign office knows about the Karbala raid. Why is someone not sent out immediately to investigate and then, once the truth is known, the foreign office can condemn it? Why are we standing up for some LGBT people in the rest of the world and not others? Can this pogrom carry on happening and not a finger be lifted to try and stop it?
Last week, the good folks at The Daily Beast dug through the company’s policy page to find that Samsung smart TVs were orchestrated to record everything you say and send them back to the company, which was later sent to an unidentified third-party player.
And that brings us to London, and those 100,000 people crammed into White City Stadium. They included the Daily Mail’s correspondent, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle – “I do not often do journalistic work, but I was tempted chiefly by the offer of an excellent seat,” he wrote in his autobiography – and Queen Alexandra, who was so excited about the event that she demanded to be involved in both the start and the finish. Not only was she to witness its conclusion in person, but she also sent a telegram whose arrival was to prompt the Princess of Wales to signal the start of the race.
Pietri, despite speaking not a word of English, is immediately signed up by an enterprising promoter and sent on a tour of London music halls. Doyle starts a collection among readers of the Daily Mail that raises £300. When he finally leaves, two weeks after the marathon, a crowd gathers at Charing Cross station to see him off, and another awaits in Turin to welcome him home, where he was presented with another cup.
In 1948, when the Games returned to London, the Evening News published an interview with Pietri. He was, they reported, now 65 and running a pub in Birmingham which had been called The Temperance, but had just been renamed Cafe Dorando. This news astonished and outraged residents of Carpi, who sent a four-man team led by the mayor to investigate the claims. They found that the bar owner had no trophies, no passport and could not even understand their dialect. His name, it turned out, was Peter Palleschi, from Calamecca near Pistoia. He was jailed for fraud.
Criminals that perpetrate fraud online are creative if nothing else. Whenever a new event happens that might cause someone to possibly get money somewhere, they use it to their advantage. After Hurricane Katrina hit, there were phishing emails that tried to get you to donate to help victims of the Hurricane, but the money didn’t go to the victims, it went into the pockets of criminals. When Congress recently passed the stimulus package, a wave of emails was sent out telling consumers that they could qualify for all sorts of new government grants, if they paid a sum of money to get the “inside information.”
Now, it’s tax season. There’s a fresh batch of fraudulent emails making the rounds allegedly from the Internal Revenue Service telling consumers that they have an refund of about $150.00 waiting for them. If you were to click on the link, you would be sent to a website that looks suspiciously like the IRS website, but the URL is something entirely different. If you were to actually fill out the form, you would find unauthorized charges on your credit card very soon after.
After the last annual calculations of your fiscal activity we have determined that you are eligible to receive a tax refund under section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Tax refund value is $189.60. Please submit the tax refund request and allow us 6-9 days in order to IWP the data received. If u don’t receive your refund within 9 business days from the original IRS mailing date shown, you can start a refund trace online. If you distribute funds to other organization, your records must show wether they are exempt under section 497 (c) (15). In cases where the recipient org. is not exempt under section 497 (c) (15), you must have evidence the funds will be used for section 497 (c) (15) purposes. If you distribute fund to individuals, you should keep case histories showing the recipient’s name and address; the purpose of the award; the maner of section; and the realtionship of the recipient to any of your officers, directors, trustees, members, or major contributors. To access the form for your tax refund, please click here This notification has been sent by the Internal Revenue Service, a bureau of the Department of the Treasury. Sincerely Yours, John Stewart Director, Exempt. Organization Rulings and Agreements Letter Internal Revenue Service
The data they produced will help NASA select individuals and groups with the right mix of traits to best cope with the stress, isolation and danger of a two-to-three year trip to Mars. The U.S. space agency hopes to send humans to the red planet by the 2030s.
At the age of 15, sons of commoners would be sent to a Telpochcalli within their neighborhood. Here, boys would be trained in the art of warfare and accustomed to military life. The instructors at these schools were veteran warriors who had experience in warfare and leadership. The schools focused on bravery and included a great deal of physical effort and intense pain to increase the strength and stamina of the students. Manual labor included transporting goods such as branches for firewood. The longer the student had attended the school, the more branches he would be expected to carry. This test of carrying firewood would be used to determine if the boy would do well in warfare.
Authorities estimate Davidson made at least $3.5 million from spamming activities conducted by his company Power Promoters between 2003 and 2006. He'd been sentenced in April to 21 months in prison for tax evasion and falsifying e-mail headers on spam advertising low-cost high-risk penny stocks that he sent out on behalf of an unnamed Houston company. He'd also been ordered to pay $714,139 to the Internal Revenue Service.
In a letter sent earlier this month to YouTube, King writes, "Without providing a shred of documentation, you blithely proffer that YouTube can ignore the Notices because it operates under blanket licenses from performing rights organizations other than Global. However, you refuse to provide the details of any such license agreements, presumably because no such agreements exist for YouTube's present uses of the Songs in any service, but certainly with respect to its recently added Music Key service."
Iron Butterfly were stuck at the airport in New York and were unable to get to the festival by ground transportation, so they demanded the festival promoters send a helicopter for them. According to many a storyteller, the promoters sent the band’s manager a telegram, the first letter of each line spelling out the words “Fuck You.” So, no. Iron Butterfly didn’t show up.
More startlingly, the figures from the Health & Social Care Information Centre show that 25% of children in poorer areas are obese, compared to about 11% in more affluent areas. Let’s absorb that disturbing fact – right now, Britain’s poor children are more than twice as likely to be obese or overweight.
In the interview, Williams details what he saw as an elaborate global conspiracy and tells the journalist — whom he sees as his “media advocate” — to look to specific broadcasts of Beck’s show for information on the conspiracy he describes. (MediaMatters says Beck’s show provided “information on the conspiracy theory that drove him over the edge: an intricate plot involving Barack Obama, philanthropist George Soros, a Brazilian oil company, and the BP disaster.”)
Observers of this most recent act were mystified by one of Byron Williams’ reported targets: the Tides Foundation, a low-profile charitable organization known for funding environmentalists, community groups, and other organizations. Beck, it turned out, had attacked Tides 29 times on his Fox News show in the year-and-a-half leading up to the shooting.
The reason I did not come forward with my story earlier is because, under Kenyan law, it is not permitted to comment on matters currently before a court. In this case, I was advised that as a show of good faith I should uphold this convention and extend its application to the internal Ushahidi process, even though the convention does not apply because the internal process was not judicial. But now that the Ushahidi Board has suspended Daudi after finding him guilty of gross misconduct, and will issue him with a notice to show cause why his employment should not be terminated, I am of the view that I am finally free to speak and comment on this entire debacle.
But surveys of voters leaving the polls last month showed that support for the Tea Party had dropped precipitously from 2010, when a wave of recession-fueled anger over bailouts, federal spending and the health care overhaul won the Republicans a majority in the House.
“In a lot of states now, they’re starting to put what an appropriate dosage or amount is to consume,” he said, noting that Maureen Dowd’s 2014 New York Times piece on her overdose of marijuana-infused chocolates showed the dangers of no labeling. “That makes a lot of sense for safety.”
Widespread research shows the welfare benefits of pre-slaughter stunning. The electric shocks lessen the pain felt by animals when their throats are cut.
RITUAL KILLING OF ANIMALS FOR RELIGIOUS REASONS HALAL Halal slaughtering involves cutting through the large arteries in the neck with one swipe of a blade, while a Muslim butcher recites a religious verse. All blood is then drained away since the consumption of blood is forbidden under Islamic law. Under Islamic law, an animal must be slaughtered by having its throat cut while it is conscious. KOSHER According to the laws, in order for a meat to kosher it must come from an animal that meets the kosher rules. These are the animal must be ruminant and have split hooves. Ruminant animals chew food once and swallow, before regurgitating it and chewing again. Animals that Jews can eat include cows, sheep, goats and deer. They cannot eat pigs despite the fact it has split hooves because it is not a ruminant animal. Before slaughtering, the animal must be healthy and uninjured and a sharp knife is used to slice through the main arteries and windpipe, causing a drop in blood pressure that causes the animal to lose consciousness. Jews believe this is a way of killing that shows 'respect and compassion' as set out in Jewish law.
Some 69 per cent of scholars said they did not agree that stunning prior to slaughter had been showed to reduce the pain felt by animals, according to The Times.
Man and grandson cover themselves in cake batter at rowdy Line 5 meeting "We wanted show you what the birds will look like... if the line breaks."
," but agreed to give a detailed presentation. In a March 8 letter, Attorney General Bill Schuette, Department of Natural Resources director Keith Creagh and Department of Environmental Quality director Heidi Grether called Enbridge's characterization of the holidays as merely hypothetical "confusing in light of the terms of the plan itself," which clearly identified them in maps and diagrams. Using a series of slides, Baraniecki said the pipeline has a coal tar enamel coating layer under two layers of outer fiberglass wrap, and cathodic protection inspections show the enamel layer is "still intact," although photographs show the outer wrap layer is missing, or "delaminated," in spots. He said a consultant that created the biota work plan, Gulf Interstate Engineering (GIE), used data from Ballard Marine and identified places where they believed bare pipe was exposed to the water, but Enbridge concluded it was a "mistake."
After the meeting, McKay said the presentation left her with more questions. "I think Enbridge needs to do a full analysis on the coating and look at the outer wrap, inner wrap, coal tar enamel and determine what is the extent of loss and what does it ultimately mean for the fitness of service for this pipeline," she said. Board member Mike Shriberg, regional director for the National Wildlife Federation, said he had a hard time squaring Baraniecki's assertion that the line was as good as new when there's delamination in the outer wrap. "A pipeline that's in 'like new' condition isn't missing part of its coating,' he said. Shriberg, who represents an organization that is active in opposition to the pipeline in the public realm and in the court system, said Enbridge appears not to really know the depth of coating loss at certain points on its pipeline. "They're assuming it's just the outer wrap -- which is bad in and of itself -- but it could be much deeper," he said. "It left me with more questions than I started with." After the meeting, Enbridge spokesperson Ryan Duffy said the company is satisfied that Baraniecki showed there's no exposed metal on the pipeline. As for the outer wrap delamination, Duffy said it "doesn't play a role in preventing corrosion, necessarily. It's just the outer thin wrap on the line. Bottom line: There's no exposed metal anywhere along the line. There's no holidays."
The video recordings showed that children travelling in the rear seats accounted for 12 per cent of all potentially distracting activity, compared to mobile phones, which were responsible for one per cent.
Dropbox is also building on the commenting feature added last week. The feature lets users leave remarks on shared files that all other collaborators could see; you can now make and view those comments in the iOS app as well as through the web. Today's update also includes a slight navigation change. Rather than seeing simply an alphabetical list of your files and folders, the default Dropbox app view will instead show your most recently used files — that's anything you've uploaded, viewed, renamed, or edited on any device. While all these features are useful enough, the most intriguing feature here is definitely the upcoming Office document creation — we'll be keeping our eyes peeled to see exactly how that works.
TV presenter Tory Belleci, from the show Mythbusters, tweeted:
I get invited on to TV shows to discuss dubbing - people are interested in the process. I have been Angelina Jolie since Tomb Raider because I was the voice of Lara Croft in the video games. I thought Jolie was very good in Mr and Mrs Smith - you could tell she and Brad Pitt were having a good time making that film. I don't seek out information on her in the celebrity mags, or follow her life at all, but I get on very well with the French actor who dubs Brad Pitt - a well-known actor in his own right. I'm also Gong Li, Sandra Bullock, Patricia Arquette and the voice of Mary Alice in Desperate Housewives.
A film for TV takes two days. I will make 20,000 rupees (£250). For theatre release it is more like 50,000 rupees (£625). It's really exploding. I do films, commercials and TV shows now. There are a lot more people saying "I heard you on television" these days. But it's a really competitive industry. When I started there were just a few people - now everybody thinks they can voice movies.
Basically, think of your partner as a ride (while still thinking of them as a person! I’m not suggesting you objectify your partner!). There is a price you pay to ride the ride, and that price is often a compromise. I’ll give you an example from my own life: my girlfriend is wicked smart. Like, the kind of smart you cannot even believe exists. But she does have this weakness. And that weakness is Say Yes To The Dress. Sure, most of the time we’re watching thought-provoking documentaries or really excellent foreign films or any number of other things that are WAY MORE INTELLIGENT than Say Yes To The Dress. But the price of admission for my girlfriend is that sometimes we are gonna marathon this show and there’s nothing I can do about it. If there is a Say Yes To The F*cking Dress marathon, that is what we are watching. Instead of fighting against it, I go with it and we have fun critiquing the wedding industrial complex together. I’ve even come to grudgingly love it and find my inner Monte.
It is later revealed that Grendel killed Bobby Black and Johnny Crunch, as he considered them both greedy and stupid because they wanted more money for their involvement in pirating CD's to sell to the highest bidder, making the music industry corrupt. However, Fairlane kills Grendel by setting him on fire with a flammable milk shake. Jazz leaves Fairlane, knowing how ungrateful he is for everything that has happened. Smiley shows up and plans to kill Ford, but not before revealing that he killed his young neighbor's [the Kid's] father. Ford distracts him and kills Smiley with a sleeve pistol. Jazz and Ford decide to reconcile, while the Kid decides to join their detective agency. Ford wins a million dollar lottery and buys a yacht, ending the film.
Van der Bellen narrowly squeezed out Hofer in the first presidential runoff on May 22, but the result was overturned by the Constitutional Court because of irregularities in counting mail-in ballots. Austria’s Interior Ministry showed Van der Bellen won more rural support in Sunday’s repeat vote, and also took key regions in the industrial heartland of Upper Austria as well as in the mountains of Tirol.
The major report from the UK’s leading economic think tank shows that deep cuts have left the NHS, schools and prisons in a “fragile state”, and have merely returned public spending to pre-financial crisis levels.
“Statistics compiled by the Institute for Government show that while the prison population is at roughly its 2009 level, staffing is down and violence (both against fellow prisoners and prison staff) and prisoner self-harm rates are on an alarmingly steep upwards trajectory.”
A video broadcast by the U.K. network ITV purports to show one of the two attackers explaining himself to a camera immediately after the attack. His hands are covered in blood, a knife and a machete in his right hand. The victim is clearly visible on the ground with a crowd gathering in the background. Here's what he said:
Instead of being required to spend a certain number of hours to earn a certain sequence of credits, students at Western Governors must show “competency” through assignments and proctored exams.
"Most everyone knows that I am gay and for the most part everyone that I work with there accepts me for who I am," Logan said. "I was extremely nervous to tell my fellow employees but then realized I wasn't afraid to show the real me."
The Xena fandom was one of the first to utilize the net to discuss their favourite show via the Xena Online Community board.
The Xena fandom was so strong that it only just had its final convention in 2015, a full 14 years after the show ended, and the online forums are still alive and thriving.
However, these are not the only verses and ahadith (the Prophetic traditions) pertaining to the topic of jihad. Many other verses, especially those that seem to conflict with their warped understanding of Surah al-Anfal and Tawba, are simply dismissed as belonging to the ‘Makkan’ phase of revelation. Many Prophetic traditions which would show that military action is not the only way to fight for the truth are simply bypassed or ignored. For every evidence that they quote, there is an almost surreal attempt to isolate that one verse or hadith from the entire corpus of Islamic texts and law. For these militants, it is as if each verse they cherry-pick was actually revealed for their immediate benefit. For them, it is as if every hadith that they quote was stated by the Prophet directly to them and in support of their world-view. Only a mind completely bereft from the necessary hermeneutical tools of usul al-fiqh (the procedure of deriving laws) and maqasid al-Shariah (understanding the goals of Islamic Law) can be so shallow.
What a thorough reading of our history shows us is that our societies and people were not angels, but simply humans. Yes, there was much good as well, and there is no denying that having a Caliphate that ruled according to Islamic law led to a society of greater Islamic accomplishments than what can be obtained in our times. But by the same token, because we live in an age devoid of a Caliphate, the good that does occur in our era is of a different type, and the endeavors and struggles of our times will inevitably form its own legends and heroes for future generations.
"Canada's officially become one of our enemies by fighting and bombing us and creating a lot of terror in our countries and killing us and killing our innocents. So, just aiming to hit some soldiers just to show that you're not even safe in your own land, and you gotta be careful.​"
Bedrock officials showed images of Smithsonian exhibits and TED Talks as examples of the kind of events that could be held in conference and exhibit space. There were images of a market and hip retailers in the floor beneath street level. The mixed-use development would have 1.2 million square feet of space.
The DDA board quickly approved a new time frame for the yet-unnamed development. An entity linked to Gilbert has had development rights for the former Hudson’s site since 2010; the DDA has granted extensions for the project several times. Early designs released in 2015 showed a swooping glass-and-metal structure.
Anti-toxic effects Tinospora cordifolia extracts have been reported to scavenge free radicals generated during aflatoxicosis.[57] It exhibited protective effects by lowering thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) levels and enhancing the GSH, ascorbic acid, protein, and the activities of anti-oxidant enzymes viz., SOD, CAT, GPx, Glutathione S-transferase (GST) and glutathione reductase (GR) in kidney. Alkaloids such as a choline, tinosporin, isocolumbin, palmatine, tetrahydropalmatine, and magnoflorine from Tinospora cordifolia showed protection against aflatoxin-induced nephrotoxicity.[57] Tinospora cordifolia stem and leaves extract has shown hepatoprotective effect in Swiss albino male mice against lead nitrate induced toxicity.[58] Oral administration of plant extracts prevented the occurrence of lead nitrate induced liver damage.[59] Decreased level of SOD, CAT and increased level of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), ALP, and ACP were observed in mice suffering from lead toxicity.[59] Synergistic administration of aqueous extract of stem and leaf along with the lead nitrate increased the activities of SOD and CAT and decreased the levels of AST, ALT, ALP, and ACP enzymes.[59] Protective role of aqueous extract of stem and leaves of Tinospora cordifolia overcoming the toxic effects of lead is shown as its effects on the hematological values.[58] Cyclophosphamide (CP) an anti-cancer drug has been reported to reduce the GSH content in both bladder and liver and lowered levels of cytokines Inerferon-γ and IL-2 an increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokine TNF-α. This effect could be reversed on Tinospora cordifolia treatment indicating the role of Tinospora cordifolia in overcoming CP induced toxicities in cancer treatment.[60]
Tinospora cordifolia: Anti-microbial activity The methanol extracts of Tinospora cordifolia have been reported to have potential against microbial infections.[78] The anti-bacterial activity of Tinospora cordifolia extracts has been assayed against Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus vulgaris, Salmonella typhi, Shigella flexneri, Salmonella paratyphi, Salmonella typhimurium, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Enterobacter aerogene, and Serratia marcesenses (Gram-positive bacteria).[78–80] In mice models, TCE has been reported to function in bacterial clearance and improved phagocytic and intracellular bactericidal capacities of neutrophils.[81] TCE has been reported of immunostimulant properties on macrophages.[82] Intra-mammary infusion of hydro-methanolic extracts of Tinospora cordifolia treatment showed enhanced phagocytic activity of polymorphonuclear cells in bovine subclinical mastitis.[39,83]
Tinospora cordifolia: Anti-oxidant activity The anti-oxidant capacity of Tinospora cordifolia stem methanol extracts administered orally increased the erythrocytes membrane lipid peroxide and catalase activity. It also decreased the activities of SOD, GPx in alloxan-induced diabetic rats.[52,84,85] Tinospora cordifolia Willd.(Menispermaceae) extracts possess possible inhibitors of aldose reductase and anti-oxidant agents[86] thereby reducing chemotoxicity induced by free radicals.[87] TCE has been reported of its strong free radical scavenging properties against superoxide anion (O 2 -), hydroxyl radicals (OH), NO radical, and peroxynitrite anion (ONOO-).[87] The extract was also found to reduce the toxic side effects of CP in mice by the free radical formation.[88,89] Tinospora cordifolia lowers the levels of malondialdehyde and ROS and the higher levels of GSH and total thiols. The protective effects of Tinospora cordifolia could be observed even in the fetal milieu, with higher levels of anti-oxidant molecules and enzymes.[56] Tinospora cordifolia has the ability to scavenge free radicals generated during aflatoxicosis. Tinospora cordifolia showed protection against aflatoxin-induced nephrotoxicity due to the presence of alkaloids such as a choline, tinosporin, isocolumbin, palmatine, tetrahydropalmatine, and magnoflorine.[8] A significant increase in the concentration of TBARS in brain along with a decrease in heart has been observed in diabetic rats.[53] It also enhanced formation of SOD, GPx, and GSH in liver. Treatment with Tinospora cordifolia also inhibited glucose 6-phosphatase and fructose 1, 6-diphosphatase; and restored glycogen content in liver. Tinospora cordifolia has been shown to regulate blood glucose.[90] (5R, 10R)-4R, 8R-dihydroxy-2S, 3R: 15, 16-diepoxycleroda-13 (16), 17, 12S: 18,1S-dilactone (ECD), a diterpenoid from Tinospora cordifolia has been shown to possess chemo-preventive potential in DEN induced HCC rats. Treatment of ECD in both preventive and curative DEN induced animals increased the level of anti-oxidants and detoxification enzymes.[26] An aqueous extract of Tinospora cordifolia has a radio-protective enhancing the survival of mice against a sub-lethal dose of gamma radiation.[64–65] Tinospora cordifolia was effective in elevating the GSH levels, expression of the gamma-glutamylcysteine ligase and Cu-Zn SOD genes.[91] Aqueous extract of Tinospora cordifolia inhibited radiation mediated 2-deoxyribose degradation by inhibiting the formation of (Fe2+)-bipiridyl complex formation to confer radio-protective effects.[92] The arabinogalactan polysaccharide (TSP) isolated from Tinospora cordifolia showed good protection against iron-mediated lipid peroxidation of rat brain homogenate as revealed by the TBARS and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) assays.[42] Tinospora cordifolia also has the components that decrease the recurrent resistance of HIV virus to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and improve the outcome of the therapy.[93] The effect of a hydroalcoholic (80% ethanol: 20% distilled water) extract of aerial roots of Tinospora cordifolia on carcinogen/drug metabolizing phase-I and phase-II enzymes, anti-oxidant enzymes, GSH content, LDH and lipid peroxidation has been shown in liver of Swiss albino mice. The enhanced GSH level and enzyme activities involved in xenobiotic metabolism and maintaining anti-oxidant status of cells are suggestive of a chemo-preventive efficacy of Tinospora cordifolia.[73] Tinospora cordifolia has been reported to contain an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, characterized as saponarin (apigenin-6-C-glucosyl-7-O-glucoside). The leaf extract had appreciable anti-oxidant and hydroxyl radical scavenging activities.[20] Pepticare, a herbomineral formulation of the Ayurveda medicine consisting of the herbal drugs: Glycyrrhiza glabra, Emblica officinalis and Tinospora cordifolia, has anti-ulcer and anti-oxidant activity in rats.[94] Hyponidd is another herbomineral formulation composed of the extracts of 10 medicinal plants (Momordica charantia, Melia azadirachta, Pterocarpus marsupium, Tinospora cordifolia, Gymnema sylvestre, Enicostemma littorale, Emblica officinalis, Eugenia jambolana, Cassia auriculata and Curcuma longa). Hyponidd administration also decreased levels of glycosylated hemoglobin, plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, hydroperoxides, ceruloplasmin and alpha-tocopherol in diabetic rats.[95] Anti-oxidant activities of Dihar, a polyherbal formulation containing drugs from eight different herbs viz., Syzygium cumini, Momordica charantia, Emblica officinalis, Gymnema sylvestre, Enicostemma littorale, Azadirachta indica, Tinospora cordifolia and Curcuma longa in streptozotocin induced type 1 diabetic rats. Dihar produced a significant decrease in serum creatinine and urea levels in diabetic rats.[7]
After performing a sophisticated semantic analysis, Farrell was able to show that climate denial organizations with ties to those two major funders were more successful at getting their viewpoint echoed in national news media. Presidential speeches and debate on the floor of Congress showed less of an impact.
Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think "Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That's much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can't even pronounce." Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child's play. ... It's easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don't agree with everything Michael Pollen says, his message is generally on point: "nutritionism" is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what's healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It's important to get nutrients, but it's wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner.
Since we started our IMAX screening series, we’ve mostly been focused on the newest movies about to be in theaters. While I love promoting new movies, when I first pitched the idea to IMAX for this series, the goal was to show both new and older films and balance the two. The fact is, while I love IMAX, the only negative about the format is that once a film is out of theaters, it’s extremely rare to be able to see it again on their massive screens. Which is why showing older films in our screening series is just as important to me as showing the newest release.
One rule, the Gainful Employment regulation, required for-profit colleges and certificate programs at non-profit colleges -- under the threat of withholding federal aid -- to show that a student's education in those institutions would help those students receive "gainful employment."
Malaysia said new data showed the last communication between the missing plane and satellites at 8:11 a.m. (0011 GMT), almost seven hours after it turned back and crossed the Malay peninsula.
The data did not show whether the plane was still flying or its location at that time, presenting searchers with a daunting array of possible last locations. Seven hours’ more flying time would likely have taken it to the limit of its fuel load.
Explorations behind the scenes show us that a city is a beautifully threaded tapestry of wires, pipes and rails
The photography of hidden places that explorers undertake – a practice which is quickly developing its own particular aesthetic sensibility – is an attempt to create a visual mark of the present, with reference to what came before, what will come after, and how it is all connected through us. Explorations behind the scenes show us that a city is not a collection of isolated locations but a beautifully and delicately threaded tapestry of wires, pipes and rails.
Video caption The dash cam footage shows Walter Scott's car being pulled over and Officer Michael Slager asking for his paperwork before Mr Scott runs away
This argument has also been supported by francophones in provinces outside of Quebec. In the two-year period following the 1995 referendum, when many municipal councils in Ontario and New Brunswick were passing resolutions endorsing the right of individual municipalities within Quebec to leave the province and rejoin Canada, the "partition resolution" was rejected by almost all French-majority municipalities in the two provinces. In the mostly French-speaking Ottawa suburb of Vanier, the council approved the resolution, and later rescinded its approval. Mayor Guy Cousineau explained this reversal to a newspaper reporter by stating "I had letters and calls from many francophones in Nepean, Gloucester, and on the Quebec side." He went on to explain, "We must show solidarity for 'la francophonie' from one ocean to the other. Not just here in Ontario, not just in Quebec, but everywhere in Canada…. Now, it's very clear and certain that we're not in favour of Quebec separation, but there are better ways to encourage Quebecers to remain in Canada."[21]
Among both Quebecers and non-Quebecers, support was higher for giving the right to self-determination to Quebec’s aboriginals, than it was for giving the same right to non-aboriginals who might want to remain within Canada. For example, in a 1997 poll, 75% of Quebecers and 92% of non-Quebecers agreed that the Cree and Inuit regions of northern Quebec “have the right to stay in Canada.”[30] A 1999 poll showed that 72% of Quebecers found it reasonable that “northern regions with an aboriginal majority could stay in Canada”, while only 49% were willing to accord the same right to regions where a majority had voted No to separation.[31]
Property groups want us to believe that average income earners dominate property investment and negative gearing - a closer look at the statistics shows that's a furphy, writes Michael Janda.
That's not surprising, because Tax Office statistics show there are almost 1.9 million individuals who declare rental income or, more typically, make rental losses.
Figures compiled by the Reserve Bank from that survey show that investment housing loans are, unsurprisingly, more than twice as common amongst the top fifth of highest-earning households than amongst any other income group.
In its latest Financial Stability Report, the RBA's analysis of HILDA also shows that a whopping 60 per cent of investment housing debt is held by the top fifth of income earners.
Separate ATO data show 50,600 non-residents declared rental income in 2011-12, of which almost all (49,520) earned $80,000 or less in Australia.
Given that superannuation drawdowns aren't counted either, it is certain that many of these superannuants are exactly the "so-called wealthy investors" that the HIA claims the tax figures show are so few in number.
Dustin Diamond, known mostly to starring in Saved By The Bell, is an actor who has hit most screens in the recent past. He played the role of Samuel Power for almost thirteen years since it began. He played the role so well that he continued the role in the college series where it went by the name, Saved By The Bell: The College Years. Other than appearing on this show, he also appeared in number of games and some reality shows. Some of the reality shows that he appeared in are The Weakest Link, Celebrity Boxing 2, Celebrity Fit Club, and Professional Wrestling. He has also appeared in films like Dickie Roberts: Former Child star in 2003. Dustin has performed stand-up comedy for several years. He has a stage humor which most comedians don’t have. He also commentates on TruTV’s, The Smoking Gun Presents: World’s Dumbest… He has written Behind the Bell, the inside story of the young cast from Saved by the Bell. You can see him in the upcoming film Scavenger Killers (A New Kind of Crazy).
Trump -- whose strident rejection of the TPP and other trade deals is a staple of his campaign events -- denounced the pact again on conservative radio host Laura Ingraham's show Thursday.
Round-table talks involving the five party leaders were due to take place on Wednesday but the BBC understands the DUP and Sinn Féin did not show up.
However, the DUP's Edwin Poots said the party wanted to show "absolute respect for other people's language and culture" in respect of Sinn Féin's demand of an Irish Language Act.
The dotted lines represent the projected Fed-funds rate, based on Fed-funds futures prices, while the red line shows the actual Fed-funds rate.
Lozoya only recently started sharing her story. One afternoon in mid-April, she stands before a crowd of people near downtown L.A. and lifts her blouse to show the gruesome scar.
The event, called the First International Day of Transgender Survivors, is a resource fair organized by the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights. About 200 transgender people and their allies show up to tell stories of violence and survival.
Day one of #LegendsofTomorrow with our amazing director!! I think this show is going to be ________! pic.twitter.com/KAbftRP0xw — Caity Lotz (@caitylotz) September 9, 2015
Conservative backing for the embattled Sessions appears to have scared Trump off Sessions, at least for now, as some Republicans are beginning to show some backbone. Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley tweeted that there is no room on the committee’s schedule to confirm a new AG—and if Trump tried to slip one in while the Senate was in recess, it would almost certainly trigger a constitutional crisis.
"Not second class, but we don't have the money to do it," Symonds told the official Formula One website when asked if missing out makes it a second class team. "We wanted to join, but then we worked out the costs and it showed that we couldn't afford to do it.
Since January, Ayds has been marketed in Britain as Aydslim. If sales show signs of recovery, the appetite-suppressant candy may be sold in the United States under that name later this year, Mr. Berglass said.
They showed me around once-busy shopping areas, now run-down, and pointed out shops and businesses that had closed.
But the EU is also far from perfect. Its harshest critics should not be easily dismissed. And we Germans could do with a good deal more of the politeness, consideration and respect that people in Britain show to their fellow humans.
"One of our goals is to show that equality and nonviolence will be spoken louder than hate that day in Harrisburg," said Ann Van Dyke, who's helping to organize a unity event as white supremacists converge on the Capitol. "The other is to encourage young people to stay away from the rally -- to give them something better to do that day."
“I am in constant admiration of Poland,” Patricia Lemmon, who is one of the organizers, told LifeSiteNews. “Over and over again, (the Poles) show their allegiance to reality. Their pro-life laws and initiatives encouraging families to have children, supporting families when a Down syndrome child is expected, welcoming Christian refugees but barring (jihadist) incomers, these are a beacon of intelligence coupled with goodness in the midst of so much truly dark news out of dying secular western Europe.”
Americans believe that obesity is tied with cancer as the biggest health threat in the nation today. But though scientific research shows that diet and exercise are insufficient solutions, a large majority say fat people should be able to summon the willpower to lose weight on their own.
Whenever you’re trying to pick the best angle for a photo, you should always think about balancing the composition, and the angle that you shoot from makes a huge difference for the horizontal and vertical balance of the photo. Let me show you what I mean with an example.
However, I was able to balance this image by walking closer to the tree so that the shadow is also included in the composition. Now the tree takes up the top and central parts of the image, the mountain is in the central part, and the shadow fills up the bottom third of the image. I hope this example shows you how easy it can be to adjust composition by just moving around a little.
When possible, try to choose an angle that will show perspective in your photos. There are a few different ways you can do this. If your subject is far away, one simple way to show perspective is to juxtapose it with larger-looking objects in the foreground as seen below.
If the view extends into the distance, you can show perspective by shooting from a higher angle as seen in the next photo. I took this photo from a staircase so that my main subject – the silhouette of a women – is situated against the street extending far into the background.
Another great way to show perspective is to get really low with your iPhone. That creates an exaggerated perspective by making the objects in the foreground look massive, which can be used to emphasize details on the ground level and make the image more immersive.
The quarterbacks likely out of this AFC postseason: Philip Rivers, Ben Roethlisberger, Andrew Luck, Joe Flacco (the latter two were on the fringe even before injuries). Star passers did not carry the show this year.
Big-time quarterbacking still carries the day in the NFL. This year’s NFC playoff bracket shows as much. Carson Palmer has been the prototype. Cam Newton has evolved into an elite pocket passer (among other things). Aaron Rodgers has kept Green Bay’s utterly ineffective aerial attack above water. And in Seattle, Russell Wilson has learned to play from the pocket without sacrificing his sandlot prowess. The other two playoff teams, however, Minnesota and Washington, both fit in the AFC mold. That means seven of this year’s 12 finalists have quarterbacks who must be aided and camouflaged by their offensive system. With the nature of today’s pro game, those seven teams all still have a shot.
Instead, along with the broken and plastic-bag-covered urinal in the men's room, they stand as a symbol of what went wrong at the Lakeshore, which hosted some of comedy's most cutting-edge acts and had Robin Williams show up on its stage more than once, but could never live any better than hand to mouth.
Already reeling from a big loss on a Sandra Bernhard show in February, and faced with more five-figure losses in the weeklong stand by Sahl and Gregory that wasn't selling well, Ritter pulled the plug on the Lakeshore on April Fools' Day.
Letting it go, clearly, is difficult. We are talking in the theater, the afternoon before a raucous farewell show featuring many of the local comics the Lakeshore has nurtured. The seats, he points out, need replacing. The running lights along the aisle went out not long ago, a fire code violation.
There were final shows Friday and Saturday from Jefferies, the budding Australian superstar whose career arc exemplified Lakeshore's strategy of building an audience for cutting-edge artists. His first show at the theater did $198 in box office in November 2007, and a lot of tickets were given away; his last ones sold out, four shows, some $6,000 per show.
Foxes show championship charm again
Leicester, who were a point above the relegation zone when they kicked off, were superb and, for perhaps the first time this season, showed all the hallmarks of last term's incredible title-winning campaign.
The decision to remove the mural, which shows Spacey as “House of Cards” character Frank Underwood, was made jointly with the wall’s owners, Akse added.
For many parents, such as Upper West Sider Allysa Goldman, the excess is a way to show their love for their children.
We also showed the photos to Texarkana Police Department public information officer Mike Jones, who responded with an emailed statement.
The second series of toys tied in with the second season of the show apart from Hurricane, which appeared at the end of season one under the name “Nightstalker”.
In the days before his disappearance, computer records show that Regeni had laid low, mostly staying inside his apartment. He probably knew that the Egyptian authorities were working themselves up to a fever pitch in anticipation of the anniversary. Police had reportedly searched 5,000 apartments in Cairo, in an effort to intimidate anyone who might be planning a demonstration. The raids were mostly concentrated in downtown Cairo, and did not include Regeni’s apartment in the Dokki neighbourhood of Giza, a separate city that includes the site of the ancient pyramids.
The Egyptian forensic expert who first examined the corpse initially said that the multiple signs of torture suggested Regeni had suffered a “slow death”. This claim, however, was quickly retracted. The deputy head of criminal investigations in Giza, the city where the body was found, told the Associated Press that initial investigations showed Regeni was killed in a road accident.
Upon further investigation, these theories fell apart. The digital record in the possession of Italian investigators showed that Regeni had a girlfriend in Ukraine, and there were Skype logs, emails and texts to prove it. His computer, email and bank records showed no trace of contact with any intelligence services. “We had his bank accounts, which showed he had almost no money,” said Alessandra Ballerini, the lawyer for the Regeni family. “This is a boy who wore his father’s old bathing suit and used his mother’s old backpack because he didn’t want to be a financial burden to his family.”
Most important was the rigorous second autopsy carried out in Italy, using Cat scans and tissue analysis. The Egyptian pathologist’s report had said that Regeni was killed by a blow to the head. More detailed analysis in Italy showed that he had been hit repeatedly on the head, but that these blows were not fatal. Blood had coagulated around the points where he had been hit, and other cuts, bruises and abrasions on his body showed different stages of healing. This indicated that Regeni had been tortured more than once – and that days had passed between his initial torture, later sessions, and the moment of his death. He was covered with cuts and burns, and his hands and feet had been broken. Even his teeth were broken. His torturers appear to have carved letters into his flesh, a well-documented practice of the Egyptian police.
The engineer’s story collapsed when the Italian prosecutors’ digital archive showed that Regeni had been at home all afternoon on 24 January. He had been on Skype with his girlfriend, chatting as they streamed the same movie and watched it together, 3,500km apart. Mobile phone records also showed that the engineer was not in the neighbourhood of the Italian consulate in Cairo at the time of the alleged quarrel.
That original-content strategy has included a new season of "Arrested Development," a U.S. remake of "House of Cards," and -- most notably -- the new series "Orange is the New Black." Netflix called the comedy-drama "one of the most critically well received TV shows of 2013" and said it will end the year as Netflix's most watched original series to date.
More crucially do our elected politicians really believe the people out there hold on to the idea of parliamentary sovereignty? Have they learned nothing from the expenses scandal and the private welfare state they built to cocoon themselves from the harsh winds they inflicted on the rest of us? The public rage on this showed a sentiment that was shaped by popular, not parliamentary sovereignty.
After a trip to New York City in 1986 during which he first showed his work to editors at Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and Continuity Comics, McKean met writer Neil Gaiman, and the pair collaborated on a short graphic novel of disturbing childhood memories, Violent Cases, published in 1987.[2] This was followed in 1988 by a Black Orchid miniseries[3][4] and Hellblazer covers for DC Comics.[5][6]
In 2006, GOP President George W. Bush was struggling and Republicans lost 30 House seats, six Senate seats and majorities in both houses of Congress. Polls show history may repeat itself.
The fights over worker rights, in both the states and over the NLRB, show the stakes are high in 2014 even though midterm elections lack the fanfare – and turnout – of presidential contests.
On Friday, he said, there would still be a new addition to the weekly service: A call to prayer, but it would be from the steps of the chapel instead of amplified from the tower. The initial decision to have a call, he said, came last semester upon the urging of the Office of Religious Life – the overall chaplains’ office with clergy from various faiths – and Muslim students, together. He said Duke is considered a leader in Islamic studies and hospitable for Muslims. More than 100 people show up each Friday for prayer, he said.
Davis should attract a little more attention in free agency this summer than he did in 2014 when he had little choice but to accept the Lakers minimal offer, but he really didn’t show any more potential this past season than he did when he was in Toronto. Davis’ agent still has a sales job to do in order to get his client a better deal. In the end it may come down to choosing between more money and a smaller role in a better/winning situation.
It’s not that hard to imagine, since similar looks have made it into American stores in the real world. Japanese retailer Uniqlo, renowned for its preppy clothes, also carries yukatas and Japanese-patterned shorts in its lineup. And Harajuku style, which merges American design and theatrical Japanese aesthetic, shows how the east Asian nation’s culture has impacted western clothing today.
In 2010, Rachel Bradshaw-Bean — 17 at the time — was raped in the band room of her Texas high school, Henderson High. When she reported the assault to the assistant band director, he told her to "work it out with the boy." Two days later, she and a friend tried to report the assault to the assistant vice principal. She then received medical exam that showed lacerations to the hymen and bleeding "consistent with information given per the victim." A day later, she was told by the police that no criminal charges would be filed. The school did not launch its own investigation — although it was legally obligated to do so under Title IX — and instead sentenced her and her rapist to 45 days in a special disciplinary school. Their charge: "public lewdness."
I’m really motivated about spreading kindness and happiness. I want to show others that there is a reason to be positive even when there are a thousand negative issues going on. That there are kind people out there even if they can’t seem to find them. That just because you’ve hit a major setback in your life, it doesn’t mean it’s the end or even near the end. I want to spread good in the world.
But religion can be far more stifling—and the process of any change there can be far more cumbersome and protracted. While interpreting religious texts is a tricky business, more often than not the ambiguities of the text are exploited to cover for patriarchy and parochial politics. What else would explain the Taliban giving a go-ahead to men’s cricket in Afghanistan but not to women’s? Even the green-lighting of men’s cricket had more to do with the sheer popularity of the sport in Afghanistan than the fact that the gentleman’s game, unlike football, which the Taliban disapproves of, doesn’t let the knees show because of full-length trousers, as the Taliban would argue.
“He’s stepped up and really taken the opportunity and run with it,” Duncan said. “I’m really proud of him. He’s showed he can play in the league and really play well.”
The computer's immense impact on the social and academic lives of college students is just beginning to become apparent. Some students say they are carrying on fewer conversations with their dorm mates and more conversations with friends across the country. Many students say that while they still hit the bars and coffee shops, they rarely go to the library. One study shows that students spend less free time watching television, now that they can be entertained online.
One of the latest challenges facing administrators is whether to require all entering students to bring a computer to college, and if so, whether the computer should be a laptop or desktop. Reports on the Educause Web site show that about 100 universities have such a requirement, which in some cases is imposed only on students in certain programs.
Pate is the man who set up, on Dec. 29, a new anti-Trump Political Action Committee. FEC filings show that Pate is listed as the Treasurer and Custodian of Records for the new group entitled the “WeThePeople Foundation.”
Israeli army sharpshooters killed the two following clashes with the army as the Palestinians marked the Nakba Day. Video footage showed the two walking away, with their backs to the army location, when they were killed.
He explained the rationale behind the show to Ars: "As a performer in Edinburgh for the last eight summers, I found myself frustrated by the lack of nuanced conversation, particularly about issues of health, the body, trauma, illness, and disability." He added:
Continuing that theme, Infinity Pool: A Modern Retelling of Madame Bovary by Bea Roberts explored technology and sexuality by updating Gustave Flaubert’s enduring narrative on adultery for the sexting age. The performance had no actors but—with the use of a TV, a soundboard, several projectors, an animated Powerpoint presentation, and a variety of physical props—it managed to be an immersive performance. Roberts showed staggering flexibility and skill in exploring how tech can lead to loss of sexual intimacy while lubricating virtual betrayal. The evolution of online relationships is detailed here in a flurry of flirtatious e-mails and suggestive sexting.
The SDLP, which boasted about sitting in Westminster but had nothing to show for it, lost its three seats – seat held by three former party leaders and two of which have now been taken by Sinn Féin.
Salmond's appeal for cross-party support comes as opinion polls this week showed support for independence at about 40 percent, up from 30 percent a year ago, and compared to 45 percent opposition.
The pro-union Better Together campaign said the polls showed they were still ahead, citing a YouGov survey on Friday that found 57 percent of Scots supported Scotland staying in the UK but with increased powers for the Scottish Parliament.
But Anna Galland, the executive director of MoveOn.org, said the Georgia race shows “Democrats will not win back power merely by serving as an alternative to Trump and Republicans.”
A new video shows lots of cops restraining a suspect. Is it police misconduct or necessary force? One thing is clear: You'll only see the video here.
Designed by Richard Hague, director of the Additive Manufacturing and 3D Printing Research Group at the University of Nottingham, UK, and his students the arm shows how the printers can create strong structure, mobile joints and delicate sensors – like spiral-shaped metal touch-detectors – all in one process.
“It’s a mock-up but it shows circuits that sense temperature, feel objects and control the arm’s movement,” says Hague. “3D printing gives us the freedom to make complex, optimised shapes, and our research aim is focused on printing-in electrical, optical or even biological functions.”
Such techniques are also bringing prosthetics to people who previously could not afford them. For instance, the open-source “robohand” project, pioneered by South African carpenter Richard Van As, aims to print cheap, plastic customised prostheses for people who have lost fingers, or who were born with some digits missing or malformed. Some of his work – with the designs available online – is also on show at the Science Museum.
“The outcomes of referenda are often highly volatile and unpredictable, often involve a lot of emotionalism and outright lies,” he warned. “The recent Brexit referendum shows how much damage a referendum can do. It’s been a disaster for the whole world.”
Years of extensive research, he said, show the most beneficial, statistically significant outcomes that correlates with PR is the quality of the democracies it produces.
“As Palestinians we are under the military law; we don’t have any rights and they don’t take our testimonies and our words into consideration. Soldiers are believed to always say the truth; they don’t need to show evidence. We, on the other hand, need to show evidence that we are not guilty,” Amro said.
EK: When I came to Washington in the mid-2000s the conventional wisdom was that Republicans had this follow-the-leader approach to politics and Democrats, in the old Will Rogers line, weren’t even an organized party. Now it seems to have flipped. Democrats are comfortable following their leaders, and Republicans seem not just disorganized, but actively suspicious of anything their leaders come up with. It seems sometimes that the way the Tea Party shows it hasn’t sold out is to almost reflexively oppose what [House Majority Leader John] Boehner comes up with.
TC: I think it’s possible then that you see something like an actual strategy or potential path towards victory coming out of this. If it’s not going to be Obamacare, I hope the Republican ask will be something like eliminating a corporate welfare subsidy Obama likes -- something like the sugar subsidy or the subsidies for Boeing. That would show a very new side of the Republican Party, it would weaken Democrats, and it would give something conservatives could bring home to their base.
“Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for outstanding choice of @Reince [Priebus] to be Chief of Staff,” tweeted Graham, about the appointment of the Republican National Committee chair. “This shows me he is serious about governing.”
Howe said he’s not surprised that so many people have traded in their skepticism for optimism. He realizes that some people believe it is their patriotic duty to show their support for the president and that others are just so tired of the chaos of the campaign that they are desperate to make things seem normal again.
It is precisely because we now consume writing from the moment we wake until the moment we crash—most of it mundane, redundant, speculative, badly researched, partisan, and emojian—that we no longer have the same appetite (or time) for literary fiction, serious think pieces, or top-shelf journalism anymore, even though they’re all readily available. If an article on the Daily Dot shows up on page 3 of a Google search, it might as well not exist at all. The New York Times article we half-read on our iPhone while standing up in the Los Angeles Metro ends up blurring with the 500 modified retweets about that same article on Twitter. Authors aren’t privileged anymore because everyone writes commentary somewhere and everyone’s commentary shows up some place. Only the platform and the means of production have changed.
Brothers Vegard and Bård Ylvisåker are hosts of Tonight with Ylvis, a late-night talk show in Norway. And when it came time to prepare a promo for their new season, they called on a favor they had with some guys over at Stargate, a Norwegian production company that has produced hits such as Rihanna’s “Diamonds.” After Ylvis helped one of the guys at Stargate prepare a birthday gift, the company had promised to produce something for the comedy duo in return, and now the guys were ready to cash in their I.O.U.
“As comedians, it wouldn’t be a good thing if we went to pursue a hit in the States because they could potentially make something that became big, so we thought it would be more fun from a comedian perspective to come home to the talk show and say, ‘Listen we had the chance, we could’ve made it big, but the only idea we got for the song was this old idea about what the fox says so we’re sorry. We screwed up.’ That was the plan,” Bård said. “That would’ve been funny to say on the talk show.”
“We had started writing the scripts for the show and we even had the introduction to this video, we wrote that as this ‘We’re sorry, we screwed up, this was all we could do,'” Vegard added. So what happened when the video took off and actually became the brothers’ biggest hit? “We had to rewrite the whole thing.”
So after two days in the vocal studio and a bit of a mishap with the costumes — the brothers joke about wearing a bear and a squirrel costume in the video — they had created the video that would eventually land them on U.S. talk shows and in The New York Times. If only the duo had gone with their original idea …
“We’re not chasing the next hit. We’re just making stuff that we think is funny. Some will get like 100,000 views and some obviously got 100 million, but it’s the same recipe,” Bård said. “It’s supposed to be three minutes for a Norwegian talk show and this one traveled. Maybe we’ll make another song with them maybe not. It’s just a month old, this song.”
And it’s not the first time in less than a decade we’ve seen this club take it all. Just two seasons ago, the 2010 incarnation of the team shocked the world and showed everyone without a doubt, that pitching beats good hitting.
It shows that the team might be headed in a different, more promising direction, as bringing in talented, young, fast players with high ceilings is definitely a turn-around from what we’ve seen of this clubs players during the last decade or so.
Jackson explained he enjoyed the novel because he found it "curiously optimistic" and uplifting because of the narrator's sense of humor, adding there was a difference between its tone and subject matter. He felt very few films dealt with the loss of a loved one.[35] Jackson foresaw the most challenging element in the novel to adapt was the portrayal of Susie, the protagonist, in her heaven, and making it "ethereal and emotional but not hokey."[33] Saoirse Ronan explained Jackson chose to depict the afterlife as depending on Susie's emotions. "Whenever Susie feels happy, Heaven is sunny and there's birds and everything. Whenever it’s not so great, it's raining or she’s in the middle of an ocean."[36] Jackson described the book's description of "heaven" as being an "In-Between" rather than a true heaven and said he was not trying to paint a definitive picture of Heaven itself.[35] "[W]hen Jackson created Susie's heaven, in a 1973 world, he went through the Partridge Family television show archives as a reference."[37]
The Los Angeles Times reported that Paramount had originally expected the film to appeal to a "sophisticated, adult audience," but after poor revenue and average reviews, the studio decided to redirect the film to an audience in another age group.[52] Surveys showed that the film was favored more by females aged 13–20 than by any other demographic. Paramount began to screen the movie "aggressively for high school- and college-age girls" during its three-screen limited release.[52]
As Obama said, these are the most sweeping restrictions on lobbying behavior that’s ever been implemented by a president, so it’s important to remember that. I think what this shows is that there are — the lobbying industry is just a very big part of the culture of Washington and that there are a lot of people who have worked on policy that end up lobbying from time to time. And there’s such a mix between lobbying and policy that it shows how difficult it is to draw a very bright line between lobbying and policy. Lobbyists, you have to remember, do have a lot of expertise. They have a lot of information. They do play an important role in how policy is developed. So that’s, you know, an important sort of thing to remember when we talk about lobbying.
A Park Slope Collegiate eighth grader named Maya showed up at the court proceedings to declare that Bloomberg only wants to fight against racism.
The game looked enormous at the show – how “big” of a game is Eador? Can you customize the options for a shorter game or is that set in stone?
Differences in tactile and auditory over responsivity show moderate genetic influences, with tactile over responsivity demonstrating greater heritability. Bivariate genetic analysis suggested different genetic factors for individual differences in auditory and tactile SOR. [30]
Sensory-based motor disorder (SBMD) According to proponents, sensory-based motor disorder shows motor output that is disorganized as a result of incorrect processing of sensory information affecting postural control challenges, resulting in postural disorder, or developmental coordination disorder.[50][55]
Proponents have also claimed that adults may also show signs of sensory processing difficulties and would benefit for sensory processing therapies,[69] although this work has yet to distinguish between those with SPD symptoms alone vs adults whose processing abnormalities are associated with other disorders, such as Autism Spectrum Disorder.[70]
University, vocational training debts to skyrocket costing budget billions, documents show
A recent Government budget update showed more than 20 per cent of debt issued in 2018-19 was not expected to be repaid, with the average amount of debt tipped to be $22,500.
Mr Feenie proves this point even more. When most of you have a device in your pocket that could break most security precautions on the internet in minutes (with the right “push” of course) yet you decide to use it to take photos of yourself to create a falsified image of yourself on some random social networking site. That shows how pathetic of a life you’ve gotten yourself ravelled up in.
Like everyone else, I’ve seen my share of television shows I disliked.
Once in a while, though, a show hits me so wrong that it sticks with me, burrowing into my brain like an irritating bug until I want to scoop it out with a melon baller.
Here are five such shows that I wish I could go back in time and unsee.
The show wasn’t funny and Joey was no longer loveable-just dumber, more deluded, and much more grating. I wished I hadn’t made the move to LA with him because it made me miss Friends even more.
In an especially cruel trick, BBC America showed the UK version of the Coupling episode immediately after NBC aired its version. The difference in quality between the two was embarrassing and made me suspicious of any future American remakes.
This show is both disturbing and riveting on so many levels. While I squirmed at the disgusting “living” conditions with the piles upon piles of paper, trinkets, and garbage, the people destroyed me. This is a serious illness on display for everyone to gawk at as if it were a train wreck. I know I couldn’t look away. At least not until an episode involving animals came on and the sheer horror of that broke the spell.
This show made Cop Rock look Emmy-worthy .
It went steadily downhill after the pilot meandering down blind plot alleys and never quite settling on a tone with characters who became less interesting as the show wore on. I still stayed with it because I had to know how it would end, and NBC promised we would get answers.
Ha! Persons Unknown spun its rusty wheels, looping back and forth and creating giant plot holes in the process, until the finale when we got–nothing. We still didn’t know what the “Program” was and the characters we had hoped would escape were once again stuck. Sure, some of them had made it to level two in the middle of the ocean, but I didn’t spend thirteen hours to find out the whole show was just a video game.
Worse, I had to listen to my husband complain about “that God awful show you made me watch” for a month and he still brings it up if I suggest a new show. “It’s not going to be like that terrible Persons Unknown, is it?” Sigh.
If I had Hermione’s time turner, those are the shows I would go back and unsee. What about you? Are there any shows that you wish you could erase from your memory? Let me know in the comments.
Clinton will call for raising the federal minimum wage from $7.25 an hour. The chart below shows how the the minimum has changed over time, taking into account increases in prices. It's important to note that many states have already raised the minimum wage over the past few years, without federal action.
A White House report showed the declining value of the minimum wage after adjusting for inflation.
While the protests showed the immense power of the working class, their outcome revealed the essential problem of the Egyptian revolution: the chasm between the elemental anger of the Egyptian population and the absence of political leadership.
"The barnacles, every study seems to show the barnacles are almost immune to this, so they might be all right."
Your client looks towards you to give them some guidelines on what to eat and what to avoid and you are well within your rights to suggest the right foods and show them the food pyramid; remember only when their diet corresponds to the exercises can they hope to benefit. Those clients who are into bodybuilding will already be following a dietician’s advice and might even be testosterone pills with a positive avis sur testogen aiding their cause.
He said his favorite television show is “Myth Busters.” He said he enjoys the physics aspect of the show and “when they blow stuff up.”
Who told Carney to say what he did? Who arranged for Rice to appear on five shows to push this line?
TOKYO: This year's Vivid festival attracted a record 2.33 million visitors, with national and international visitors to the Sydney light show up by 35 per cent.
Launching the dates for next year's Vivid to the Japanese tourism industry in Tokyo, Premier Gladys Berejiklian said the world's largest light show would be 10 years old in 2018.
Through October 2015, results of those tests from fields where manure was applied in Lenawee and eastern Hillsdale County areas of the Western Lake Erie Watershed showed 100 percent had phosphorus levels above 0.1 milligram per liter, a concern for aquatic life, and 89 percent met or exceeded 1.0 milligram per liter, Michigan’s water quality point discharge standard for total phosphorus.
BEIJING (Reuters) - The U.S. navy's latest collision at sea, the fourth in its Pacific fleet this year, shows it is becoming an increasing risk to shipping in Asia despite its claims of helping to protect freedom of navigation, an official Chinese newspaper said.
Metabolic Stress. Identified as one of the three primary mechanisms of muscle hypertrophy (along with muscular tension and muscle damage), metabolic stress signals muscles to grow. Constant BFR (leaving the wraps on between sets) works better that intermittent BFR (taking the wraps off between sets) for this purpose. Intermittent BFR leads to greater metabolic stress than regular low-load training, and constant BFR leads to similar levels of metabolic stress as training at 65% of your 1rm without BFR – equal metabolic stress with much lower loads. Motor Unit Recruitment (one, two, three). Regular low-load training potentially doesn’t recruit as many motor units as heavier training, even when training to failure. I say “potentially” because you assess motor unit recruitment via EMG, and it’s very possible that as the first motor units recruited start to fatigue, they “drop out,” so that the EMG readings at failure would be lower than they would have been when training with heavier loads (which wouldn’t give motor units enough time to fatigue and “drop out”), even if motor unit recruitment throughout the entirety of the set was identical (more on that here). Regardless, research shows that motor unit recruitment is substantially higher with low-load BFR training (specifically constant BFR) than with low-load training without BFR, and that motor unit recruitment is similar for low-load BFR training and heavier, conventional training without BFR. This, as we’ll see later, is probably the biggest benefit of BFR training. Cellular Swelling. Similar to metabolic stress, cell swelling has been identified as a mechanism that can cause hypertrophy. Muscle thickness increases roughly 11.5-12% directly after a BFR workout, due to the increased fluid in the muscle, indicating (to use a scientific term) a buttload of cellular swelling. Modulating Hypertrophy Signalling Pathways and Gene Expression (one, two, three). Key signaling pathways (like the mTOR pathway) and genes (like the myostatin gene) are affected to a greater degree by low-load BFR training than low-load training without BFR. BFR training and heavier, conventional training affect them similarly, increasing protein synthesis and decreasing myostatin to similar degrees. There’s also some data suggesting BFR increases the activity of heat shock proteins which may decrease catabolic signaling, but as far as I know, that’s only been observed in one rodent study thus far. Satellite cell proliferation and myonuclear addition. If you remember from a previous article (I’m overhauling this one in the future because there are some things about it I’m not too pleased with as-is, but the mechanistic stuff about satellite cells and myonuclei is solid), addition of new myonuclei is an absolutely essential factor for long-term hypertrophy. Muscles can grow until the muscle fibers hit their myonuclear domain limit without adding more myonuclei, but to continue growing, the addition of new myonuclei from satellite cells is crucial. Low-load BFR training increases the satellite cell pool and causes myonuclear addition much more effectively than low-load training without BFR, and to a similar degree as heavier, conventional training. Growth Hormone Release. It’s not clear whether acute elevations in ostensibly anabolic hormones affect muscle growth in any meaningful way, but the results of this study were eye-catching enough to at least give it a mention. Low-load BFR training to failure caused an increase in growth hormone 290x higher than resting levels, and approximately 4x higher than low-load training to failure without BFR.
Low-load BFR training works about as well as heavier training for building muscle (Lowery’s study), though the effects of combining the two may not be additive for hypertrophy. Leubbers’ study showed that adding BFR training to high-intensity training didn’t increase hypertrophy, but Yamanaka’s did. It appears that BFR training doesn’t just affect the muscles with venous blood flow occluded. Both Yamanaka’s study (increased chest growth when the cuffs were applied to the arms) and Cook’s study (larger increases in bench press, even though only leg blood flow was restricted) demonstrated increases in either strength or hypertrophy in muscles other than those below where the cuffs were applied. The most notable effect seems to be an increase in strength. Leubbers’ study showed a larger increase in the squat, Yamanaka’s study showed a larger increase in both squat and bench press, Cook’s study showed a larger increase in both squat and bench press, and O’halloran’s Thesis showed that substituting a sizable chunk of high-intensity training for low-load BFR led to the same increases in strength.
When you add it to heavy training, it makes you stronger than heavy training alone. It’s not just a matter of getting stronger from adding extra training volume because it beats out low-load training without BFR. It’s incredibly easy to recover from since it causes essentially no muscle damage. (note: you may very well get sore the first couple of times you do it, simply due to novelty; this should go away pretty quickly, though) Because it also causes high muscle activation, it also aids in the neural side of strength development. Its effects are very similar to heavy training, and O’halloran even showed that you can replace a hefty amount of heavy training with low-load BFRs and get the same increases in strength.
BFR without strength training speeds up recovery from training. One study showed that 2 sets of 3 minutes of BFR for the legs immediately after a training session significantly sped up recovery and enhanced subsequent performance for power-related tests.
Keep in mind, I’m not recommending low-load BFR as the sole focus of your training plan. You should still be picking up heavy stuff (of course, since you’re reading Strengtheory, I doubt I have to tell you that). One study showed that low-load BFR doesn’t affect tendons to the same degree heavy training does.
New York-based Coheed and Cambria said in a statement on its website that it will not cancel any shows and plans to continue a tour of the Northeast and Canada with another bass player.
According to the product manufacture “Studies show that nearly half of Americans don’t drink enough water. Staying hydrated not only helps with your alertness, controlling appetite, improving activity and performance, but it also keeps everyday symptoms like fatigues, headaches and dry skin at bay.” When living a busy life, even simple tasks-like staying hydrated-can slip your mind. BluFit eliminates the guess work and does the job for you.
On Canada Day we moved our shows to Stephen Ave because there were all kinds of events and fun things bringing people to the core. The next day we went back to the amphitheater, THE FENCES ARE STILL UP!?! Our permits are very clear about where we are allowed perform. Because we gather crowds and perform full shows we are restricted to ONLY work in side that amphitheater. As soon as we gather a crowd anywhere else Bylaw or the Police shut us down.
We are still having our morning meeting, but securities firm employees already can go home. This shows that men should find jobs as dealers with their high salaries and short working hours; women should marry dealers for not only are their husbands well-paid with lots of vacation time, they would also have time to go to the mall and movies with you!
These regular season numbers show the remarkable equality between the two players. LeBron certainly needs to have the longevity of MJ, which is undoubtedly history yet to be written, but these guys are nearly equal in all categories. LeBron’s PRA (points, rebounds, and assists combined) equate to 41.7. Jordan is virtually identical, at 41.6.
As for overall “clutchness,” you can argue until the next Jordan or LeBron comes (if they ever do), that Jordan was more clutch for such-and-such reason but again, the numbers show the pair are surprisingly close in this regard—while Jordan still does have an edge.
The bombing was condemned by British Prime Minister John Major and his government, by the opposition, and by individual members of parliament (MPs) as a "sickening", "callous" and "barbaric" terrorist attack.[41][42] Early on, Major stated that, "This explosion looks like the work of the IRA. It is the work of a few fanatics and ... causes absolute revulsion in Ireland as it does here".[43] Sinn Féin was criticised by Taoiseach John Bruton for being "struck mute" on the attack in the immediate aftermath. Bruton described the bombing as "a slap in the face to people who've been trying, against perhaps their better instincts, to give Sinn Féin a chance to show that they could persuade the IRA to reinstate the ceasefire".[43] The President of the United States, Bill Clinton, stated he was "deeply outraged by the bomb explosion" and joined Bruton and Major in "utterly condemning this brutal and cowardly act of terrorism".[44] Sinn Féin President, Gerry Adams, stated that he was "shocked and saddened" by the bombing. He insisted that his party was committed to achieving a peace settlement and argued "it is sheer folly to return to the old agenda of excluding Sinn Féin and seeking to isolate republicans".[45] On 20 June 1996, the IRA claimed responsibility for the bombing, and stated that it "sincerely regretted" causing injury to civilians.[16] The IRA statement continued:
A redacted version of that request, which was among the 23 documents that were unsealed, shows that the court issued an order July 16 for Lavabit’s encryption keys. Prosecutors said they had no intention of collecting any information on Lavabit’s 400,000 other customers. “There’s no agents looking through the 400,000 other bits of information, customers, whatever,” Jim Trump, one of the prosecutors, said at a closed Aug. 1 hearing.
Keeping with what has almost become a Technibble tradition, its time again to take a peek at the Technibble forum members workbenches. Its a great way for technicians to get inspiration for your own setups, see how others are doing it and for the owners to show off a little.
America was designed around the idea that democracy could be constrained by rules on paper. If we cannot have the best leading us, we can plan for an average equal robot-citizen to take the role, and put enough rules in there to keep him from doing damage. Or could we? The history of America shows that this approach has failed.
Government is not the nation. The nation is the nation: the people, their genetics, their culture and values. In saner times, we avoided government and had kings instead, people drawn from the nation who showed the best of its traits, and could lead it to excellence. But that hurt snowflake feelings: not everyone can be excellent.
Mrs Jones only took it to the show because her husband was taking some books.
As she left the house to go to the show in Aberglasney, Wales, she grabbed the plate and put it in a single Tesco's carrier bag. They can easily split,” she said.
"On the way to the show the plate was on the back seat of the car, but on the way home I kept hold of it all the way.”
And, perhaps most importantly, he shows he thinks you’re stupid in the many ways he protects President Donald Trump from accountability. On Monday night, during a CNN-moderated town hall event in Wisconsin, he offered the following justification for opposing a congressional resolution that would censure Trump for coddling white supremacists:
Following the trade deadline there was much speculation and criticism over the moves, or lack thereof, of Peter Chiarelli. And in hindsight it was well deserved, as Andrez Meszaros and Corey Potter proved to be not enough on the backend—the duo rarely surpassed Matt Bartkowski on the depth chart, as Mezsaros appeared in four games, and Potter only one. Soon after the deadline, Bruins’ President Cam Neely revealed on 98.5 The Sports Hub’s Felger and Mazz radio show that a deal was in the works, but ultimately fell through at the last minute.
Offensively numbers were down as well, with his lowest PPG average since his rookie season. His primary points were down by shooting percentage was also at its lowest in four seasons. But his track record shows a different story. Among the four Canucks’ defenseman with 5000+ minutes played since 2008—the other three being Bieksa, Hamhuis, and Garrison—Edler has the best Corsi and Fenwick ratings both 5-on-5 and on the penalty kill, and is 2nd on the team on the man advantage. In comparison with the Bruins, he is right in line with Johnny Boychuk and Zdeno Chara, the B’s leading defenseman in the same categories over that time-span.
There are two logical reasons for this. First, from what Behind The B showed us last season, Jim Benning was a key voice in the Bruins’ front office in regards to the Tyler Seguin trade. Assuming this wasn’t a one-time occurrence, it seems that Benning was and had been heavily involved in trade negotiations alongside Chiarelli. Odds are he was a facilitator leading up to the deadline, and there’s a good chance that Benning wanted Edler on his team. Now that Jim has him, why give Edler up? Remember, the Canucks may have been sellers last season due to their record, but if they can get their goaltending situation figured out, there’s plenty of firepower in their arsenal to make them a playoff threat in the West next season. Dumping Edler would hurt that cause.
Also I learned, we’re actually starting something really good here. The record might not show it, but people who pay attention to us and who know the Raiders, like yourself, you understand what we’re doing and what we’re building. Its going to take time, but our mindset is, we are trying to be playing at this time next year. We think that we can do that, obviously we have to add some pieces and keep working, and hopefully we are going to get there.
Him (Woodson) coming back shows his confidence in this team, the guy doesn’t have to play football. He has no financial problems. He doesn’t need to win a SB, he has one. He has every reason to go home and enjoy his family, but the guy wants to play again and that says a lot about his confidence in this football team.
The documents showed the internal dealings, emails, invoices, and documents shared between the world's elite and the lawyers paid to help them retain their wealth. If we have learned anything from the Panama Papers, it's that the revelations that came out of them are extraordinarily complicated (explained in more detail here), and their impact has depended not just on what the papers themselves showed, but on the political situation surrounding the principal players.
Iceland's prime minister resigned after the Panama Papers showed he was personally connected to an offshore company , Wintris, registered in the British Virgin Islands, that stood to benefit from bailout negotiations in which he was involved with big banks, although it's not clear whether he personally benefited financially.
Data culled from the documents by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, and presented in several charts on the group’s website, show that the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca, which specialized in setting up offshore accounts and shell companies for wealthy people, has been steadily reducing its activity in Panama for about a decade. As it happens, the decline began about the time the Bush administration and Panama began discussing a free-trade pact — and accelerated after the deal took effect during Mr. Obama’s first term. [...] The Obama administration, backed by members of Congress, made it clear the free-trade deal — which Panama badly wanted, to match a deal between its Central American neighbors and the United States — hinged on a separate agreement granting U.S. tax authorities more access to Panama’s financial system. The United States particularly insisted on plugging the "bearer shares" loophole. Panama agreed and changed its laws accordingly — before the free-trade agreement reached the Senate and Mr. Sanders nevertheless voted "no," claiming, wrongly, that it would make the tax haven "worse."
Henry Tudor, who reigned as King Henry VII between 1485 and 1509, had a rather tenuous claim on the throne, being the Lancastrian claimant via an illegitimate descendant of Edward III when all the more senior candidates had been killed off in the Wars of the Roses. He brought the wars to a conclusion with his 1485 victory at The Battle of Bosworth and subsequently consolidated this power through a variety of means, including his marriage to Elizabeth of York (which united the two warring dynasties.) Henry VII's reign was plagued by pretenders to the throne, whose existence was a result of the King's initially insecure grasp of power. Nevertheless, he was able to subdue each of these attempted usurpers without particular difficulty. The whole style of Henry's coinage marked a break with what had gone before — the king's bust becomes much more lifelike, and the shields on the reverse become much more detailed. Henry's first coinage is very like that of Henry V and VI, minted at London, Canterbury, Durham and York the inscription is one of a variety of HENRIC DI GRA REX ANG — Henry by the grace of God King of England. Soon, however, Henry introduced what is known as the Sovereign coinage, so-called because the king is depicted seated on a throne, while the reverse shows the royal shield over a cross. This issue is regarded as marking the division between the coins of the Middle Ages and of the Renaissance in England. The Sovereign coinage was minted at London, Durham, and York, and inscribed with one of a variety of HENRICUS DI GRA REX ANG .
Merivaara’s sales of hospital beds and surgical tables show rising domestic costs coupled with the strong euro are increasingly hampering exports, which go mainly to Scandinavia and Russia, where the economy has stagnated.
An analysis by Punditfact of CNN coverage during the first two weeks of the latest Gaza crisis showed that appearances by Israeli officials outnumbered Palestinian officials by more than four-to-one. There were substantially more interviews with what Punditfact called Palestinian “laymen”, but they included the relatives of a Palestinian-American beaten by Israeli soldiers that offered little insight into the bigger picture.
There is evidence of a shift in public opinion, mostly generational: a Pew poll this month showed falling support for Israel among younger Americans. Over 65s backed the Jewish state by 60% to just 9% support for the Palestinians. Among young adults, aged 18-29, just 44% were behind Israel with backing for the Palestinians rising to 22%.
Seismic data from Colima volcano (Mexico) continue to be unavailable. The Colima volcanocam showed no obvious surface activity when viewed a few hours ago. Exhalations occurred at an average rate of nearly two events per hour at Popocatepetl volcano overnight. An exceptionally large outburst took place at the volcano earlier today and launched an ash-laden plume to over a kilometer in height above the cone. The Popo seismogram continues to show mainly low-level volcanic tremor occurring within/beneath the cone.
Harvard professors David King and Richard Zeckhauser demonstrated this with a clever 2003 paper that shows that on controversial congressional votes, “small victories” are a far more common result than “small defeats.” That’s in large part because if leaders figure out advance that they’re headed to a narrow defeat on a vote, they preempt that outcome by not holding the vote at all (until they can line up more votes, at least).
In the paper Journal of Communication, Michael Hanspach and Michael Goetz showed that BadBIOS is possible but only at 20 bps.[14]
What we have in new work from Mariah MacDonald, Darin Ragozzine (Florida Institute of Technology) and colleagues is an analysis of transit timing variations (TTVs) of the planets around this star, all of which orbit inside 1/10 AU. Here the planets’ years are 1.0, 3.1, 4.6, 7.1 and 9.5 days, respectively, close enough that gravitational perturbations can create slight changes in transit times. Although the innermost planet has a very weak TTV signal, the other four show signals strong enough for the researchers to work out the masses of each.
Due to orbital resonances, the four outer planets are synchronized, returning to the same configuration every 27 days. The paper notes that Kepler-80’s planetary orbits are stable in the long-term as long as we assume orbital eccentricities below about 0.2 (the researchers point out that TTVs cannot reliably detect eccentricities for this system). Although the available Kepler data are not enough to reveal the evolution of the atmospheres on these planets, the researchers’ simulations show that the outer two planets could have migrated inward from original positions in the disk where accretion of hydrogen and helium would be more likely to occur.
Image: This animation shows the position of the five planets of Kepler-80 whenever the outer two planets (green and red) pass by one another, about every 27 days over the course of four years of observations by NASA’s Kepler Space Telescope. Due to the rare synchronized nature of the system, the middle two planets (blue and purple) also return to almost exactly the same location. The innermost planet (yellow) is not synchronized and hence is found at a random location every 27 days. MacDonald et al. 2016 were able to show that this pattern indicates formation by “migration,” where the orbits shrink very slightly over time. The orbits are to scale with each other, but the planets are shown 50 times larger. The outer four planets are all about 4-6 times the mass of the Earth. The inner three planets (blue, purple, and yellow) appear rocky and the outer two planets (green and red) are likely rocky with a very puffy Hydrogen/Helium atmosphere. Credit: MacDonald/Ragozzine/FIT.
"The question is, what is the statistical evidence that shows that reducing the limit on a clip from 15 to 10 rounds will reduce gun crime?" Fiamingo said. "If this passes, are the Latin Kings or the Bloods or the Crips going to reduce their magazine capacity to 10 rounds?"
Despite objections from gun-rights groups, polls taken in the aftermath of Newtown showed nearly 60 percent of New Jersey residents favored stricter controls on guns, and a year later, public opinion remains on the side of gun control. And while the political climate in the state has changed significantly over the past year, it's too soon to tell if it will result in a sea change on gun control.
This Jan. 11 file photo shows U.S. President-elect Donald Trump during a press conference at Trump Tower in New York. Trump has shrugged off the strikingly divergent positions his cabinet picks have taken on a number of issues. ( TIMOTHY A. CLARY / AFP/GETTY IMAGES File Photo )
Of 55 cities comparable in size, with 100,001 to 250,000 residents, Huntington Beach was ranked No. 1 in the state in 2011 for alcohol-involved accidents. That year Huntington Beach saw 164 victims killed or injured. Further investigation showed that the majority of those accidents were from the following five local bars:
Documents show that senior officials at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York received details about the bonuses more than five months before the firestorm erupted and were deeply engaged with AIG as well as outside lawyers, auditors and public relations firms about the potential controversy. But the New York Fed did not raise the alarm with the Obama administration until the end of February. Timothy F. Geithner, who became Treasury secretary early this year, was the head of the New York Fed when it became aware of the bonus details. But his name is not among those of senior New York Fed officials mentioned in the summaries of phone calls, correspondence and other documents obtained by The Washington Post. Those documents also illuminate who in the government, beyond the New York Fed, knew what about the bonuses at AIG’s most troubled unit, and when.
WorkSafe and Transport Accident Commission figures show just over $2.2 million has been given to the impacted families, reports The Age.
ROK’s coverage on this issue will continue for the foreseeable future, but in the meantime you must question every source you see reporting on this issue. Why is the story being reported in a certain way, one that encourages “tolerance” and not “jumping to conclusions,” when similarly deplorable domestic incidents are immediately ascribed to racism and gun control issues? Why are they lying to us, when the facts show a cultural disaster in the making that has already cost hundreds of innocent lives just in the last few hours?
The content agreement comes days after Netflix, which has seen its share price decline sharply after a series of missteps, sealed an agreement to broadcast TV shows from Discovery Communications Inc.
Reportedly, Cohen-Watnick provided Nunes with documents purporting to show improper surveillance on Trump’s allies, an allegation Nunes made while obscuring that the narrative, politically convenient for the White House, emerged from the White House itself. Nunes later reluctantly recused himself when the revelation of White House involvement sparked a political outcry. Subsequently, both Democrats and Republicans who viewed the documents considered them anodyne, a far cry from Nunes and Trump’s portrayals.
As tensions rise in the Old City of Jerusalem, hundreds of people gathered on Delmar Boulevard in University City Sunday evening to show their support — some for Palestinians and others for the Israeli government.
Marchers carried signs and chanted “free free Al-Aqsa” and “end the siege on Aqsa now.” In a show of international solidarity, people waved flags from the United States, Palestine, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Jordan.
“In general, the correlational findings were pretty strong, showing—as we kind of expect—the more satisfied you are, basically, the better you communicate with your spouse,” Lavner said. “What those results showed was that couples who were more satisfied also demonstrated higher levels of positivity, lower levels of negativity and more effectiveness.”
“The support provided by Grishin Robotics is a great vote of confidence in our plans for the company,” said Elad Inbar, Founder & CEO of RobotAppStore. “It shows their belief in our vision and the importance of the marketplace for robotics applications. The robotics industry has reached its tipping-point with broad market acceptance, usability of robots, and the ability to extend the robots' capabilities. Being a part of Grishin Robotics’ portfolio provides high synergy with other robotics companies and better resource utilization. We are excited to use this funding to secure our place as THE market-leader of the consumer and educational robot-apps™ industry."
Water economist Mike Young said the Queensland floods show figures given by the Murray Darling Basin Authority in its guide for the Basin's future are inaccurate.
HAYES: And that infamous moment on Rachel’s show with the long, torturous, just train wreck of an interview in which he basically said, I'm not that into the public accommodation part of the Civil Rights Act, that was him flirting with precisely the line of the disqualifying.
“We need to keep asking our leaders: ‘Who got us into this mess?’ It wasn’t working people. The people who got us into this mess are getting off scot-free, and this Gang of Six proposal shows they have accomplices in both parties.”
Quentin Tarantino lives up in the Hollywood Hills, in the same house he’s had since 1996, with a movie theater built into one wing of the house and a terrace with a swimming pool and an orange tree and a Planet of the Apes statue out back. That’s where he’s sitting one night in October, glass of red wine in hand, watching the sun go down. He’s still got to ﬁnish the sound mix and work on the colors, but his newest ﬁlm, The Hateful Eight, is otherwise pretty much done. He shot it on 65-millimeter ﬁlm, like Paul Thomas Anderson did with The Master, and then he had his studio buy up pretty much every existing 70-millimeter projector in the country so he could personally equip 100 theaters with them and show the movie the way he thinks it should be shown.
You know, it was very political, as opposed to, say, Inglourious Basterds, which was not necessarily political. It’s a little bit more wish fulﬁllment. All right? Django is still a bit of wish fulﬁllment, but I was trying to show America itself, you know? Django was deﬁnitely the beginning of my political side, and I think Hateful Eight is the…logical extension and conclusion of that. I mean, when I say conclusion, I’m not saying I’ll never be political again, but, I mean, I think it’s like, in a weird way, Django was the question and Hateful Eight is the answer.
Keep in mind, that the purpose of these solutions is to demonstrate Scala in the first place, so the problems are just a “canvas” to show the elegance and expressiveness of the language. Many times I intentionally preferred a direct and concise solution (if it performs reasonably fast) to a “math-savvy” one.
PUBLIC PETITION FORCES DEBATE ON TAKING MORE REFUGEES More than 100,000 people have backed a petition calling for Britain to accept more refugees, triggering a debate in Parliament. At one point five people per second were backing the e-petition, urging the government to 'accept more asylum seekers and increase support for refugee migrants in the UK'. The petition adds: 'There is a global refugee crisis. The UK is not offering proportional asylum in comparison with European counterparts. 'We can't allow refugees who have risked their lives to escape horrendous conflict and violence to be left living in dire, unsafe and inhumane conditions in Europe. We must help.' By 10.30am it had passed the 100,000 threshold for it to be considered for a debate in Parliament. Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham called for MPs to debate whether the UK should take in more refugees when Parliament returns next week. 'David Cameron cannot continue to turn his back on the crisis. It is time for him to show leadership and restore Britain's reputation as a country that has always provided refuge to the vulnerable,' he said.
100 MIGRANT CHILDREN TAKEN INTO CARE IN KENT IN JUST A MONTH The number of migrant children entering Britain has continued to surge with 100 youngsters taken into care in Kent in just one month alone. Figures show that 720 unaccompanied children seeking asylum are being looked after by Kent County Council, up from 630 at the beginning of August. In comparison, the local authority was supporting around 220 unaccompanied asylum seeking children under the age of 18 in March last year, which rose to 369 in March of this year. The latest figures come after the council said last month it had no more foster beds available for children. The huge surge in the numbers of unaccompanied children seeking asylum comes amid this summer's turmoil in Calais, leaving Kent County Council with a multi-million pound funding gap in care costs.
It has caused chaos across eastern Europe as authorities have struggled to cope with the vast numbers who, as undocumented migrants, are theoretically barred from travelling across the EU. Figures released yesterday showed a record 104,460 asylum seekers arrived in Germany last month.
"She drank in excess to the point of passing out and having no memory of that night and showed her multiple videos of the suspect and another individual engaging in sexual intercourse with the complainant," said the prosecutor in court.
"And he showed him the video?" we asked.
Image copyright Brendan Cooney/Reuters Image caption Photographs posted on social media showed orange flames rising from the building
I was excited that I was able to get a PageExtender to render outside the Ribbon and I needed to share. I opened Slack and messaged JammyKam my good news. If you know Kamruz, you can probably guess what he said. He figured out how to get the PageExtenders to work as well! 🎉 It’s like Christmas in July🎄. Kamruz showed me how he finally got it to work and it was different from my code.
EXTENDED VIDEO: Surveillance shows puppies stuffed into storm drains
So I added half a page to what 1 had already written, and said that Mephistopheles represents reason, and Faust represents the spirit, and Goethe is trying to show the limitations of reason. I stirred it up, cranked it all in, and handed in my theme.
Begum, 15, Sultana, 16, and 15-year-old Abase flew from London's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul on 17 February. CCTV images appeared to show the teenagers boarding a bus to Gaziantep, a notorious port of entrance for foreign fighters travelling to Syria. They are now believed to be living in IS's de facto capital, Raqqa.
The difficult question then becomes, how can we stop the slide? Again, Milgram’s study is instructive. A meta-analysis of data from eight of Milgram’s obedience experiments showed that defiance of the experimenter was most likely at 150 volts, when the learner first requested to be released from the study (Packer, 2008). Although not conclusive, this finding suggests that, for defiant participants, at some point concern for the well-being of the learner took priority over concerns for self-image or public image that prevented defiance of the experimenter.
"I think it showed with unrestricted aerodynamics what is possible," he said. "I think that F1 has got scope to move the lap times considerably quicker. There is a step coming for 2017, we personally would like it to go further but we seem to be a lone voice in that. But F1 should be the ultimate.
A man robbed the TCF Bank branch at 4930 N. Milwaukee Ave. about 11:20 a.m., according to the FBI. He told tellers he had a weapon but never showed one, according to the FBI.
Donald Trump fans in the Hudson Valley are being offered free tattoos to show their support for the Republican presidential candidate.
It's one thing to put a lawn sign on your yard or a bumper sticker on your car. But what about permanently inking your body with your favorite candidate's face? A Hudson Valley tattoo parlor is offering up their services to Trump supporters who want to show just how dedicated they truly are.
Of course, some bands decided to go it alone, too. Rush continued their 'Time Machine' tour, which featured the band playing their 1981 'Moving Pictures' album in its entirety. Kiss proved the worth of their music by scaling down their stage show to play long-awaited concerts in smaller cities for much of the summer, and even as we speak, Guns N' Roses are making an emphatic case for the power of their new lineup and the 'Chinese Democracy' album with 3-hour marathon shows all across the land.
Let's not forget Alice Cooper , who dazzled audiences around the world with a career-spanning show of surprising ferocity prior to the release of his 'Welcome 2 My Nightmare' album. That album, by the way, has already earned the No. 1 spot on our list of the Top 10 Albums of 2011, in addition to spawning what we've labeled the year's best new song, ' I'll Bite Your Face Off .'
From 1997 onward, the world belonged to Harry Potter. And by 2004, five of the books were published and the end of the series was on the horizon. Publishers, as you might expect, were pretty keen to finding the next long-running YA/adult crossover series with a fantasy inflection. Moreover, Potter proved that a big ol’ epic fantasy had huge commercial potential, and could be a massive breakout hit. It also showed that the hoary old tropes—say, coming of age at a wizard school, detailed magic systems, and a villainous Dark Lord—still had plenty of appeal.
Rowling—deservedly—gets the headlines, but the Brits were everywhere during this period. Susanna Clarke’s Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell was one of the breakout hits of 2004, a fantasy that couldn’t be more British if it were served with scones and a gently arched eyebrow. China Miéville collected every major genre award between 2000 and 2004. Looking at the Hugo finalists in from 2000, you can also see Stross, Richard Morgan, Ken MacLeod, Ian McDonald, Iain M. Banks… and that’s just in the Novel category. Seeing so many British authors up for what’s traditionally been a predominantly American award shows that the UK was, well, trending. That could only help inform—or sell—a UK author like Joe Abercrombie, or a British-set novel like Novik’s His Majesty’s Dragon.
Television’s best drama started airing on HBO in 2002. Critically acclaimed (and sadly under-viewed), it’s had a huge impact on the nature of storytelling. Big arcs and fragmented narratives were suddenly “in.” Multiple perspectives, complicated plotlines: also in. Immediate payoffs: unnecessary. Moral ambiguity: brilliant. Pre-Netflix, it showed that audiences—and critics—would stick around for intricate long-form storytelling. The Wire’s impact on fiction in all formats can’t be underestimated.
But it still goes to show the fun—and futility—of trying to track influences. With a bit of creativity, we can draw a line between any two points, however obscure. If anything, the ubiquitous and obvious trends are the most important. We don’t know everything that Rothfuss read or watched while crafting The Name of the Wind, but we can guarantee that he heard the Spice Girls. If a little bit of “2 Become 1” snuck in there… well, who would ever know?
Maryland court records show that over the last decade Mr. Wint has been the subject of numerous peace and protective orders.
As Galle writes, “the leading recent authority on the uniformity clause is, coincidentally, also a case from Alaska, U.S. v. Ptasynski.” There, the Supreme Court held that “where Congress does choose to frame a tax in geographic terms, we will examine the classification closely to see if there is actual geographic discrimination.” For such discrimination to be permitted, “Congress has to show ‘neutral factors’ that justify its distinction. A purpose to ‘grant…an undue preference at the expense of other…states'” would flunk the test.
People were reported to be acting calmly - with "no state of panic" - and responding well to the show of force.
It was one of many ads that John Geer, a Vanderbilt University political scientist, and I showed to panels of people throughout the campaign. We ran a weekly experiment called SpotCheck in which we randomly assigned a representative sample of 1,000 people to see one of two campaign ads. We evaluated the ads’ persuasive effects and asked people to evaluate the ads on such criteria as whether the ad made them happy, hopeful, angry or worried.
Nowadays, accidental espionage is the norm. You grab your girlfriend's phone to check the time -- and bam, there's a text from her ex-boyfriend. You crack open your daughter's laptop to show her a Flickr album -- kapow, there's her friends-only Blogspot in fully accessible glory. You surf to Gmail the day after your friend used your computer, and hello, friend's inbox.
There are at least a half dozen genuine stars one could pick out from the defending champions, names like Pio Tuwai and Samisoni Viriviri, but the man who stole the show in Tokyo was the Navy representative from Kadavu. With captain Osea Kolinisau occupying the flyhalf position, Mulevoro has had to fight off the quicksilver Waisea Nacuqu for the scrumhalf spot. Blessed with lightning acceleration and dancing feet that would make his illustrious predecessors proud, don’t be surprised to see him shine again at So Kon Po.
The activists, which included Joshua Stephens, Don Bryant and two others, showed up at McGinty's office in the Cuyahoga County Justice Center about noon Wednesday, hoping to find out when a grand jury will hear evidence in the two November deaths involving Cleveland police.
A Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Deputy asked the four protesters who showed up at the office Wednesday to leave immediately, Stephens said. The deputy said the group could be arrested for trespassing, arguing the office was a place of official business and they had no business there.
A few more deputies showed up, and the process repeated.
Frolik said he was not in the office when the group showed up again Wednesday, but said he asked the sheriff's deputies to ask the group to leave if they didn't have an appointment.
Stephens said the group is has not decided whether to show up Thursday, for fear of the same outcome.
CBS All Access was one of the first to launch in October 2014. It now has almost 1.5 million subscribers paying $5.99 a month for CBS shows as well as exclusive programs like The Good Fight and the upcoming Star Trek. HBO Now was the first premium direct-to-consumer service. It launched in April 2015 and now has more than 2 million subscribers paying $14.99 per month.
Trapshooting coach Rhonda Eckerdt said she learned Wednesday from the athletic director that the team picture wouldn’t be included in the yearbook because it's against school policy to show firearms in photos.
In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a "shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length" at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment, or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Aymette v. State, 2 Humphreys (Tenn.) 154, 158.
The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily, when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time.
The twins competed in school talent shows during their school years and were inspired by Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears and the Backstreet Boys. They were also members of the Lucan Harriers Athletic Club and Dundrum South Dublin athletics club and have competed in several Irish athletic tournaments.[9]
Jedward's next single "Bad Behaviour" was released in July and reached number one in the Irish charts.[29] This was followed two weeks later by their second album Victory, consisting entirely of original tracks. A new version of Planet Jedward was released by the German branch of Universal Music in July, featuring a mix of tracks from Planet Jedward and new songs from Victory.[30] On 31 July, the twins began the first leg of their third tour, The Carnival Tour, with 12 shows across Ireland and Northern Ireland.[31] In September Jedward played their first European tour, with dates in Sweden and Germany,[32] followed by a UK tour.[33] Three days after the first leg finished, Jedward entered the Celebrity Big Brother 8 house. They made it to the final, eventually finishing in third place. The third single from Victory, "Wow Oh Wow" was released in August 2011, with a music video featuring their Celebrity Big Brother housemate Tara Reid. In December, Jedward starred in the pantomime Jedward and the Beanstalk, a musical comedy version of the fairytale Jack and the Beanstalk.
In June they ran as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay in Dublin on day 19 of the relay.[39][40] The twins starred in their own TV series Jedward's Weird Wild World on UK TV channel 5*, with John and Edward humorously presenting a selection of popular internet videos.[41] Over the Christmas and New Year period RTÉ broadcast the second series of their show OMG! Jedward's Dream Factory,[42] and the second season of their BBC series Jedward's Big Adventure screened in early 2013.[43] Over the festive season, Jedward starred in their third annual pantomime, Jedward & the Magic Lamp.[44] In January 2013, the twins made a promotional visit to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, appearing twice on MuchMusic's New Music Live show[45] and also made an appearance on Canada AM.[46] While in Toronto, Jedward also filmed a promotional video for the Young Love album track "Happens in the Dark" and previewed a clip from the video on New Music Live.[47] Later in the month, it was announced that Jedward's three-album contract with Universal Music Ireland would not be renewed.[48]
The music video for "Happens in the Dark" was premiered on Much Music in March, with the video having been shot in Toronto earlier in the year.[49] In April the twins filmed a video for the song "What's Your Number?" in New York City.[50] Later in the month they made a promotional visit to Australia, including radio and television appearances.[51] In June, Jedward joined the line-up of A Night for Christy, a gala concert in aid of Aslan frontman Christy Dignam. The twins performed Aslan's song "She's So Beautiful" with the band.[52] In July the twins performed live shows in Cork and Limerick, with a UK live tour scheduled for September.[53][54] In November the twins toured Australia, with performances in Perth, Melbourne and Sydney. While in Australia they also released the music video for Young Love album track "Can't Forget You".[55]
In January 2014, the third series of their CBBC television programme Jedward's Big Adventure was broadcast. Due to its popularity, the series run was doubled to 10 episodes.[56] They also provided weekly style commentary of the contestants in Sweden's Melodifestivalen competition and made a guest performance at the Melodifestivalen Second Chance show in early March.[57] In April 2014, Jedward debuted their new single "Free Spirit" on Australian radio station KIIS 106.5. This was followed by news of the duo's fourth studio album to be released later in the year. The album will contain songs written and produced by Jedward.[58] The duo's follow-up single "Ferocious" was released in November 2014, charting at No.15 on the Irish singles chart.[59] In November 2014 it was announced that John and Edward would be joining the cast of ITV's new circus reality show Get Your Act Together in 2015.[60]
Since 2010, Jedward have performed in an annual pantomime over the Christmas and New Year period. Based at the Olympia Theatre, Dublin, the pantomimes also star Linda Martin. John and Edward play themselves and the shows feature Jedward songs. The twins' first show was Cinderella in 2010, where they played the fairy godbrothers.[78] They returned in 2011 with a sell-out season of Jedward and the Beanstalk,[79] and again in 2012 with Jedward and the Magic Lamp.[80] In 2013 their fourth pantomime was Jedward in Beauty and the Beast.[81]
Their fans include Pixie Lott and Robbie Williams.[82] Taoiseach Brian Cowen also backed the singers,[83] while Leona Lewis said that she worried about them.[84][85] Two leading British political parties, Labour and the Conservatives, each released campaign posters parodying the twins.[86][87] Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown came under fire in November 2009 for describing Jedward as "not very good" and later apologised for doing so.[88][89] Following this, Walsh stated "So Gordon Brown and Simon Cowell both have something in common: neither of them know what the public want." Former Prime Minister David Cameron admitted that he enjoyed watching The X Factor and that Jedward were his favourite act. Cameron also bought a T-shirt with their faces on it.[88][90][91][92] The Irish Independent called Jedward "tone-deaf twins", even though the pair were voted more popular than The Beatles in a teenage poll. Comedian Oliver Callan has parodied them on his RTÉ 2 show Nob Nation.[94] Their 2017 court case[95] was later the subject of a stage musical starring comedians Kevin McGahern and Tony Cantwell.[96]
The fourth trope, humorously titled “Strategic Butt Coverings,” began with a series of clips of female player characters walking in games, all of which featured camera angles that prominently display the characters’ behinds. To contrast this, Sarkeesian showed clips of male player characters — when the player could focus the camera on a male characters’ behind, heavy clothing or capes obscured the characters’ cheeks, which contrasted sharply with the female characters. According to Sarkeesian, this emphasis on characters’ rear ends tells players that the woman’s sexual body parts are what they should focus on, rather than the character themselves, as for the men. She pointed to 2015’s “Life is Strange” as a game which avoided this problem, simply by having its female protagonist wear jeans and a knapsack.
Finally, Sarkeesian asked the audience: “Where Are All the Female Combatants?” She pointed out that games rarely feature women as standard enemies and said that game designers she’s interviewed often say that this is done to avoid depicting violence against women. Sarkeesian said that there are ways to show female enemies without it being problematic, saying that violence against women is an issue when the violence is committed specifically because the target is a woman.
Of course, Peter refuses and Doc Ock shows him a news report about the Darkforce Bubble over Manhattan and Parker Industries is responsible. Of course, the two start fighting after Parker refuses to give into his demands. Spider-Man also receives Tony’s message about Hydra’s assault on Washington D.C. Peter jumps in his rocket and heads to D.C. to help as Doc Ock leaves also destroying the Parker Industries building in the process.
Peter decides to make his stand in Shanghai and sets plans in place in case things don’t go in his favor. When Doc Ock shows up and Peter uses his Spider vehicles to try and take him down, Peter learns that Doc Ock has hacked all his vehicles and has complete control over them.
In particular he wrote two pieces, known as the Two Essays, that provide a succinct introduction to his mature work. (He can otherwise be a rambling, elusive writer.) On the Psychology of the Unconscious completes his separation from Freud. He shows how tracing the origins of a personal crisis back to a childhood trauma, as Freud was inclined to do, might well miss the significance of the crisis for the adult patient now.
The Canada-based writer has no love lost for Indian Muslims who flaunt surnames which show their Arab lineage such as Hashmi, Naqvi and Bukhari.
What piece of technology from the show would you want to have in real life?
O’Neil: I love the hallways, they’re so great. They just look so industrial and grimy. I feel like in those areas, that’s where you can see that we’ve got a “beater” for a ship. It’s not like we’re flying around in some Cadillac. It’s utilitarian and I feel like the corridors really show that off the best.
O’Neil: I’ve just finished my last two days of shooting on a show called Rogue on DirecTV. I play this hacker girl. That’ll be out, I think, over the holiday season. And a new CBC show called This Life, which stars Torri Higginson, our Commander Truffault. I just finished doing a video game, but I can’t talk too much about that yet.
Are you or any of the writing staff fans of Big Brother? The finale reminded me, in parts, of the general distress and alliances that show up so much in that show.
Mallozzi: Well, I’m going to show my age, but I don’t watch Big Brother. When I was a kid I read a lot of Agatha Christie and the finale is essentially Ten Little Indians where basically you’ve got a group of people and they start dropping one by one. There’s a dying realization that if there’s no outside force here, then it’s one of them, and as the mystery deepens distrust grows and you see alliances shift. Really, that’s where my inspiration comes, but Big Brother is a good reference, too.
Journalists follow the presentation of Huawei's smartphone, the Mate S, ahead of the IFA Electronics show in Berlin, Germany, in this file picture taken September 2, 2015.
Journalists follow the presentation of Huawei's smartphone, the Mate S, ahead of the IFA Electronics show in Berlin, Germany, in this file picture taken September 2, 2015. Reuters/Hannibal Hanschke
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
Make your wishlist before the big day. Go to stores and analyze those products to be sure about their quality and their features. Check the store policies and be sure that you can return a product if you don’t like it or it doesn’t fit you. Then wait to attack the sales from the comfort of your home. Focus on mobile apps. A recent study published by Apptentive shows that 88% of consumers use retail mobile apps. This makes sense because apps are more customized and user friendly and they know what you are looking for before you press any button. Trust the evolution of technology and forget about the tiring mornings when you were waiting for stores to open their doors and after that you were struggling to reach other promotions. That’s history. Show your fidelity for some brands. Many companies offer special promotions for loyal customers who use frequently their app. Opt for receiving push notifications and wait for those messages that will announce top sales for your favorite products. If you still like to go to some specific stores for Black Friday choose those apps that can help you find the best route to get there or other apps that allow you to compare very fast, prices and characteristics of products. Test them before to be sure that they do what you want. Be careful for the shipping fee. There are a lot of retailers that offer free shipping. These benefits make you save time and money, which is the main target of using your mobile devices for Black Friday.
Meanwhile, a poll on CNN showed that 68 percent of respondents -- who skewed a bit Democratic -- viewed the speech positively, 24 somewhat positively, and only eight percent not positively. Eighty-two percent supported the president's economic plan as outlined in the speech, while 17 percent opposed it.
Timerman says he will not speculate whether Nisman was murdered or killed himself, but denies the charges of the 51-year-old prosecutor. Nisman lay out his case in a 289-page report. He accused Timerman and Kirchner of seeking a trade deal with Iran in return for protecting the officials, a deal Timerman had secretly made with the Iranians. "Well, that's a lie. That's a total lie. I never said that. Nisman never showed any evidence that I said that," he tells Stahl. Furthermore, says Timerman, only a judge could rescind the standing order that Interpol detain the Iranian officials in question, which would have been part of any deal.
Hold on a second. Common sense got caught in my throat there for a minute. The crime dog on this case is…this guy? I mean, really, this guy? At least Trey Gowdy was a prosecutor once. This guy is a former reality show star who first got famous as a politician by whining about his congressional salary. This is that deep bench again.
Jones said she was not responsible for the amendment that would give judges the option to impose the 24/7 program instead of the interlock devices, but she did change it so that her department would have to authorize the program. And she has repeatedly objected to efforts by the vendors to expand the interlock-device program — a $10 million a year industry in Florida — to first-time offenders, something backed by Mothers Against Drunk Driving and favored by federal transportation officials. But Jones said research shows that the majority of first-time offenders don’t need more intervention to stay out of trouble.
Sorting the VoteCastr data demographically shows that in “predominantly nonwhite counties” in Florida, Clinton had 1,366,755 votes to 770,485 for Trump, a lead of more than 500,000 votes in the minority-dominated counties. But in mostly white counties, Trump led by roughly 300,000 votes, 3,008,657 to 2,703,849 in the VoteCastr estimates.
Our Nevada results showed Jill Stein with ~1.7. She was in our survey: we messed up and we are correcting the Nevada results accordingly. — VoteCastr (@votecastr) November 8, 2016
However, VoteCastr showed Clinton leading in Clark County, where about 70 percent of Nevada residents reside — and home to Las Vegas — 49.4 to 41.8 percent, a 7.6 point lead.
In a state where polling showed Clinton on her way to an easy victory, Wisconsin, VoteCastr results appear to bear out the polling prediction. Clinton had built a lead of more than 163,000 votes at 1,242,938 to 1,079,266 for Trump as of 6 p.m.
The video played on Facebook Live showed a bound and gagged white victim huddled in a corner while assailants are heard saying “Fuck white people” and “Fuck Donald Trump” as they beat him and cut his scalp with a knife. Another video clip shows assailants forcing the victim to drink toilet water.
The first time happened at PAX Prime 2011, way up on the sixth floor where many of the indie developers had rented small booths two floors above the show floor. There was no good reason for everybody to keep doing this alone, Glinert thought. And out of that thought grew the Indie Megabooth, a collection of developers who band together and stake their claim on the main floor of PAXes east and west.
Graph 2 shows how the 4 different sources of skew have changed since 2005. It is important to note that these components of skew are independent and whilst one may be positive for a given party others may be negative for that party. It is clear from the graphs that the largest contributor to the overall skew in the system is vote distribution bias. Therefore I’ll describe how this distribution bias comes about, spell out the method that produced these results, and give a few caveats.
A recording of the incident shows the man carrying his young son towards several Border Police officers, setting him down, and shoving him off in the officers’ direction while waving a PLO flag.
The winner, 20-year-old Romina Lozano, said her measurements were "3,114 women victims of trafficking up until 2014", on the most watched show in Peru on Sunday (local time).
Looking a little sheepish, she adds: “I feel like sometimes, though I am educated, I expose in this show that this blonde could be real.”
A Meowth on 46th and 6th almost made me miss a historic night on Broadway, the last performance of Hamilton for star/creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, as well as Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. (Aaron Burr), Phillipa Soo (Eliza Hamilton), and ensemble member Ariana DeBose. I was blocks away from the Richard Rogers Theatre, with my head down, looking at my Pokémon Go screen, and out of nowhere, one of my favorite Pokémon shows up. I needed to get to the theater, because I knew the scene outside would be a biblical shit-show, but this was Meowth. So I turned and walked the opposite direction from the theater, in an attempt to catch it.
Some people were pajama rich, dressed down like they were going to the movies, others glammed out as though they’d just come from the Met Gala. The spectacle was real, and the lights were still on, with six or seven minutes until the show was set to begin. Apparently Jennifer Lopez was there, which certainly gave her the belt for “most famous person here.” But it made sense — she and Lin-Manuel recently made a song together, “Love Makes the World Go Around,” a tribute to those affected by Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub shooting.
I wondered if he’d seen the show before. I wondered if there were parts of this that might get a bit real for him. I mean, he always kind of wanted to be in the room where —
But then I felt good again, because he bent over to talk to a little kid in a backwards Hamilton hat. This was all so weird, and again, the show hadn’t even begun.
While the crowd was in a frenzy, what happened on stage was like any other night. There was one moment when Rory O’Malley (King George) blew Odom (Burr) a kiss, making Odom laugh, which delighted the crowd. And both Odom and Christopher Jackson (George Washington) received standing ovations for “The Room Where It Happens” and “One Last Time,” respectively. But when it wrapped up, there wasn’t a ten-minute Lin-Manuel speech, no one rolled out a cake, Barack and Hillary didn’t show up — there was no self-initiated hoopla.
But right when it seemed to be over, suddenly the orchestra started playing the theme song from The West Wing, a show Miranda has cited as an inspiration. I expected many things on this night, but getting slightly choked up at watching Lin-Manuel Miranda laugh at the surprise, while thinking about my heroes Josh Lyman and Sam Seaborn, wasn’t one of them. But this wasn’t a normal show, and this wasn’t a normal night, so it was a fitting way for it to end, triumphantly abnormal. What a run.
Data provided by StatCounter, an Irish company that tracks browser usage using the free analytics tools it offers websites, shows that Chrome will pass Firefox to take the No. 2 spot behind Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) no later than December.
StatCounter is not the only Web metrics company that publicly posts browser share statistics, however. Data provided by U.S.-based Net Applications, for example, shows a much bigger gap between Firefox and Chrome: In its numbers for August, Net Application had Firefox with a 22.6% share of desktop browser usage, and Chrome at 15.5%.
O’Leary enjoys calling himself an “obnoxious little bollocks”, but the main Government party encouraging him is a more troubling issue. Fine Gael, according to itself, is a “party of the progressive centre”. Speaking at the unveiling of the budget on Tuesday, Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Paschal Donohoe solemnly announced: “Those of us in the middle ground of politics have a duty to show that co-operation and consensus can work; to show that our tone can be moderate.”
His suggestions were very widely received. While it had been common to think of translation in terms of either strictly literal or simply paraphrase, Nida showed at length that, in fact, these tight categories were overly simplistic. There is never perfect correspondence between any two languages, and perfect translation between them is impossible. He understood well that all translation already involves interpretation and that a goal of being less interpretive in translation is to miss the target by shooting for the moon.
The New American Bible (NAB) was a production in 1970 of the Roman Catholic Church, but unlike several previous such productions, was much more ecumenical in its approach. One third of its translation committee was Protestants, and the translation shows the influence of the cooperation between both traditions. The revisions in 1986 and 1991 also introduced slightly more gender inclusive language.
Footage of the demonstrations on social media showed white nationalist protesters chanting "closed borders, white nation, now we start the deportation."
In addressing the annual Washington policy conference hosted by AIPAC, which has strong ties to both parties, Trump has a rare chance to show that he can deliver a substantive speech away from the raucous rallies that have become a signature of his campaign and contributed to the anxieties of his critics.
After the Pizza Ranch rally for Bachmann, Sen. Sorenson skulked away in his car, and showed up to a Ron Paul 2012 rally (“Sorenson said he drove to Paul’s event, called a Paul staffer and asked: ‘Do you guys want me on board?’”—reported the Des Moines Register) and jumped on the stage in a fake-spontaneous Tea Party moment of libertarian passion, announcing that his conscience had compelled him, at the spur of the moment, to switch allegiance to the Ron Paul rEVOLution!
Kesari [the Paul operative] flew to Omaha, Nebraska, backtracked to Senator Sorenson’s home in Iowa, required that he and Senator Sorenson show each other that neither was wearing a recording device, and then asked that Senator Sorenson either return to Kesari or alter the $25,000 check that Kesari previously gave to Senator Sorenson...which Senator Sorenson refused to do.
The best network TV show that no one’s watching is ABC’s “American Crime.”
Thematically challenging and structurally ambitious, “American Crime” offers something lacking in any other show on the ABC lineup: an actual adult story about an issue that affects us all — the nation’s criminal defense system. While Ridley’s point of view is very distinct, he skilfully dramatizes how one crime can ruin the lives of almost any family — and how the search for justice is, at the very least, frustrating and sometimes meaningless.
The perception of smell consists not only of the sensation of the odours themselves but of the experiences and emotions associated with these sensations. Smells can evoke strong emotional reactions. In surveys on reactions to odours, responses show that many of our olfactory likes and dislikes are based purely on emotional associations.
A note for perfume-marketers: one of the studies showing our tendency to prefer scents that we can identify correctly also showed that the use of an appropriate colour can help us to make the correct identification, thus increasing our liking for the fragrance. The scent of cherries, for example, was accurately identified more often when presented along with the colour red – and subjects’ ability to identify the scent significantly enhanced their rating of its pleasantness.
The VoltDB folks, who are local to Boston, showed up in force and did a thorough presentation on their architecture, use case, and goals. VoltDB is a transactional, SQL-compliant distributed database with strong consistency. It's aimed at large companies building new in-house applications for which they need extremely high transaction processing rates and very high availability. VoltDB does this by requiring users to write their applications to address the database, including putting all transactions into stored procedures which are then precompiled and executed in batches on each node. It's an approach which sacrifices response times and general application portability in return for tremendous throughput, into the 100,000's of transactions per second.
Lady: That arrow thing is acting like a son of a bitch, not moving. The right clicks seems to show me some shit.
It isn’t that the setlists or jams see enormous variation or surprise, or that the expected theatrics – gnarly stage setup, titillating visuals, Les Claypool’s twisted-wiseacre monologues – are all that fresh each and every time. No, what brings you back to Primus – what sells out a show like this typically galvanizing night at the Capitol Theater – is the depth of the experience.
consume is more often used for passing iso objects around. To pass it to another object you need to consume the existing reference to it. This becomes problematic if you are consuming a field of an object. Modifying the example so that the Foo is stored as a field of Main shows the problem:
Pony has an easy to use C FFI. I showed an example of this previously:
Well, he wasn’t, he was an Anglican priest, and that isn’t mentioned anywhere in their cover story. This should not have gotten past their fact checkers, if Chris Hughes has bothered to keep any on. I was not the only one who read the piece and got the impression Fr. Hughes was Catholic, which shows a note of clarification is needed.
If it can happen in show business, it's happened to Jon Cryer. Now he's opening up for the first time and sharing his behind-the-scenes stories in a warmly endearing, sharply observed, and frankly funny look at life in Hollywood.
With the instincts of a natural storyteller, Cryer charts his extraordinary journey in show business, illuminating his many triumphs and some missteps along the way. Filled with exclusive behind-the-scenes anecdotes, Cryer offers his own endearing perspective on Hollywood, the business at large, and the art of acting.
Leon Henry shows his emotion after Breakers team-mate Cedric Jackson sunk a buzzer-beating shot against the Perth Wildcats.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
The Breakers knocked down five triples in this period, a pair apiece to Bruton and Corletto as they showed they were here to play - even without their classy Tall Black Abercrombie.
Call it what you will, such institutionalization of war is terrorism. It does not matter how crazy or legitimate their goals are perceived to be; violence in order to express a point is terrorism. But with a warring mentality firmly embedded in both the psyche and economy of the United States, Americans have not learned the lessons of history and failed Presidential policy, and allow these systems of war to continue on their behalf under the Orwellian guises of “liberty”, “peacekeeping” and “freedom”. However the reality shows us that the result of those systems is anything but free, peaceful liberty.
May 26, 2015 / Brooklyn news / Williamsburg / Music / Brooklyn Is Awesome Juan Morel Campos students play hallway rock shows Appetite for instruction! Williamsburg school teaches Rock 101 The Brooklyn Paper
Sadly for music scenesters, the Friday shows are the only gig in Williamsburg you can’t get on the door-list for — they are open to Juan Morel Campos students, parents, and staff only.
I keep watching this video from a hidden-camera prank show (apparently in Brazil). Prank shows, at their best, are basically elaborate psychological experiments that reveal our cognitive biases and allow us to laugh at our own hypocrisy.
To hammer that idea home, the #DearDaddy video shows the consequences of those tiny actions and inactions, all happening to one man’s daughter.
But what the video shows is that – while it’s impossible for one man to completely protect his daughter from violence – you can take steps towards making the world a safer place for women overall.
Parents, students and members of the community are also invited to attend and wear red to show solidarity with the cause. Miller said the walk in concept is a more positive way to demonstrate as opposed to a strike or walk out.
That’s a big problem if what you really want from a black hole is a photograph. By definition, it’s impossible. All light getting sucked in means no light reflects back—so a black hole is invisible, across the spectrum. And, duh, invisible objects don’t show up in photographs.
I think one thing that is going to disappoint fans is Dany’s story this year. If the show follows the book, there just isn’t a lot for Dany to do. She had a lot of story in season one. Yes, there’s going to be a fantastic scene in the House of the Undying, but her story doesn’t really pick up again until book three. Perhaps the writers will prove me wrong, but Dany kicking around Qarth with her little baby dragons is going to be a little dull, methinks.
It’s still one of the best shows on TV. This is all nitpicking, my friend. I can’t wait for the new season to start!
We caught up with Luka "perkZ" Perković, Gamer2's midlaner, to learn something about him now that he qualified for LCS. Although he's still in high school, perkZ showed us you always have a chance to do what you love and is an inspiration to lots of us.
Therein lies one obvious (and bizarre) problem in need of a solution. The school's aforementioned lenient repercussions for sexual misconduct also came up often during the meeting: according to the Amherst Student, the record of sanctions released by the College last spring show that students found responsible for sexual assault were usually suspended for two to four semesters, while punishment for theft of a laptop resulted in five semesters' suspension. Another issue, raised by Bolger, is how students on the disciplinary committee are chosen from a very narrow pool that includes few women and is, therefore, hardly representative of the student body.
Gestational diabetes is a type of diabetes that only occurs during a woman’s pregnancy, although data shows that it can turn into type 2 diabetes after a person gives birth. Your body needs glucose for energy, but too much glucose in the blood is not good for the baby. If you have blood sugar that is too high then you have diabetes. Gestational diabetes is typically diagnosed during the late stages of pregnancy. Continue reading…
“One could say that these two states rep­res­en­ted nearly 50 per­cent of all counties which showed a stat­ist­ic­ally sig­ni­fic­ant in­crease in me­di­an house­hold in­come,” the bur­eau finds.
Why he's here: Lucroy's numbers are way down from his career averages across the board, and he's in danger of posting his lowest OPS since his rookie season in 2010. One of the better offensive catchers in baseball up until this year, Lucroy was supposed to be a key cog in a powerful Rangers lineup but has underachieved just like the entire team. There have been rumblings that the team is listening to offers for him, which shows just how far out of favor he's fallen.
Why he's here: Expectations were sky-high for Story after his impressive debut last year, when he looked to be neck-and-neck with Corey Seager in the NL ROY race before an injury ended his season early. He hasn't quite lived up to those expectations thus far, posting mostly pedestrian numbers while playing in one of the best hitter's parks in the game. He hasn't been bad, per se — he's dealt with injuries this year, too — but considering what he showed last year, it's hard not to be disappointed with the numbers he's put up in the first half.
The Rockies' Trevor Story has struggled to match the performance he showed early in his rookie season. (Getty Images)
A trendline has been added to show the downward trend
Chart four abstracts out each quarter and shows its value year by year.
Speaking at the annual Benedict XVI lecture alongside Cardinal Vincent Nichols — the most senior Catholic bishop in England and Wales — and Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis, the cleric claimed Islam was about “love and justice” but Muslim leaders were failing to show this.
Earlier this year, figures showed that London’s population had reached a record high, despite large numbers of people moving away from the city.
In Chicago’s Q&A with Lee, he claims to have done his research. And sure, he frontloads the movie with grim stats about the violence in the city. The 500 murders in 2012, the contested claim that there have been more murders in Chicago than in Iraq. But from then on, the depictions of gang culture appear to stem directly from bad, outdated movies and TV shows about gang life. They resemble nothing of the overwhelmingly young, decentralized nature of the gangs that proliferate in Chicago today. The fact that the film’s two central gang leaders (itself a dated concept in Chicago, when there are hundreds of splintered gangs who rule over one block or one street) are played by Nick Cannon, age 35, and Wesley Snipes, age 53, is just wildly inaccurate. (Let’s ignore, forever, the utter absurdity of Snipes’s Cyclops, from his bizarre, staccato laugh, to his bejeweled eye patch, to any character context whatsoever.) As Chicago has reported, the average age of both victims and perpetrators in Chicago is really young—a shocking number are under the age of 30.
“This would be a humanitarian calamity, and a monumental lost political opportunity. Mr. Trump needs legislative victories to show he can govern, but his immigration bait and switch may guarantee another failure.”
Endeavour to find words that express your ideas eloquently. A gentleman does not require offensive language to speak; for those who use words such as “gay”, “retarded”, or “ghetto” to describe something in a negative light not only adhere to stereotypes, but also show a lack of vocabulary and intellect. Cut back on that Hatorade. It’s a resentful beverage that too many fools drink.
This is everything else and it should be self explanatory, but we’ll go ahead and help you a bit more anyway. Be compassionate and show respect towards everyone. Don’t belittle or take advantage of others, ignore stereotypes, and understand that people from all walks of life are equal. It’s what we do that defines us. That, and really nice shirts.
The following three examples show use-cases of io.Pipe , its versatility and the way of thinking and composing I/O it enables us to do.
I stumbled over this gist recently, which combines io.Pipe with os.Exec in a nice way. Basically, it does what most task runners in CI services like Jenkins or Travis CI do, which is execute some shell command and show its output on some website.
To this effect, independent research shows that each year PPFA plays a role in preventing over 2 million unwanted pregnancies and stopping over 800,000 women from getting abortions, saving public agencies billions of dollars in the process. The group says that only three percent of their patients request abortion services.
Figures show the PPFA is ten times more likely to help prevent an abortion than carry one out.
China's censorship wasn't always this strict. When I arrived to teach English here in late 2008, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube all were available and I could use Google's Blogger.com to record day-to-day experiences. All that ended in 2009 when China began blocking sites more actively. In March that year, supporters of the Dalai Lama -- an unwelcome figure here -- released a YouTube video that appears to show Chinese police beating Tibetans. A few months later, ethnic riots broke out in Western China, and the authorities cut access to Twitter and Facebook.
But China's Internet is far from bland. While you can't access YouTube, Twitter or Google, there are Chinese equivalents, albeit with regulated content. Video sites show U.S. TV shows like "The Walking Dead" and "Homeland," and online users can discuss some controversial matters, like celebrity scandals and even corruption by low-level officials. But it all happens under the watchful eye of censors, who keep the discussions from crossing a line.
For instance, he says voter information cards should include bar codes that can be electronically checked as soon as voters show up at polling stations, rather than forcing voters to wait in line for a poll worker at a specific table to strike their name off a paper list.
The report documents several examples of Russian transgressions against civilians, many of which appear to be intentional, and have little or no military purpose. Many of the examples provided in the report show a Russian penchant for targeting schools.
In this respect, it is worth noting that the projected gain to GDP of $130 billion by 2030 by the strongly pro-TPP Peterson Institute for International Economics (the non-partisan United States International Trade Commission projected a more modest gain of 0.21 percent of GDP by 2032) does not take into account any negative impact from the increased copyright and patent related protections in the TPP. It is quite plausible that a model that actually took account of the negative effects of these protectionist provisions would show a loss to the U.S. from the TPP and especially to the bulk of the workforce who are not situated to benefit from these protections.
Problem: OK, but when I copied the file to /Applications it didn't even show up in SpringBoard.
"I developed a proof-of-concept tool that shows that it is possible to crack an 8 characters long lower case alphabetic password in approximately 5 hours using standard CPUs."
When aquarists become infected by Mycobacterium marinum, it is usually because the carry out maintenance work when they have cuts or other skin problems on their hands or arms. Our skin is remarkably good at keeping malevolent microorganisms out, but as soon as the skin gets injured, an important part of the body’s defense system has been breached. It doesn’t have to bee a large wound; a simple paper cut or eczema can be enough for Mycobacterium marinum to slip through. When handling an aquarium where you suspect that Mycobacterium marinum may be present, it is consequently important to use protective gloves. You may have a tiny sore that you haven’t even noticed, such as a torn cuticle. Some aquarists prefer to use gloves all the time, or at least when they have damaged skin, since it is impossible to know if Mycobacterium marinum exists in an aquarium before the fish start to show symptoms of fish tuberculosis. You can also catch fish tuberculosis by using your mouth to start a siphon. Washing your hands and lower arms with soap after handling fish and aquariums is naturally always recommended.
Most doctors never come in contact with fish tuberculosis and if you show up with some strange lesions on your hands, they might not realize what is causing it and put you on a general oral antibiotic that will not kill Mycobacterium marinum. It is therefore very important to inform your doctor that you are an aquarist and that you may have caught fish tuberculosis or some other disease from your aquarium. Mycobacterium marinum can be successfully treated but only if the right combination of drugs are used. Just as with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the treatment will normally need to be carried out over the course of several months. In serious cases, intravenous administration of antibiotics may be required.
Dragos dedication about badBIOS research because this extraordinary concept was first introduced by him only. While the research doesn’t prove Dragos Ruiu’s badBIOS claims, but it does show that even if the system is disconnected from any network, could still be vulnerable to attackers. However, I would like to appreciatededication about badBIOS research because this extraordinary concept was first introduced by him only.
"What Colin Powell needs to do is close the loop and become a Democrat instead of claiming to be a Republican interested in reforming the Republican Party," Limbaugh said on his radio show Wednesday.
Studies of social attitudes show violence is perceived as more or less serious depending on the gender of victim and perpetrator.[9][10][11] According to a study in the publication Aggressive Behavior, violence against women was about a third more likely to be reported by third parties to the police regardless of the gender of the attacker,[12] although the most likely to be reported gender combination was a male perpetrator and female victim.[12] The use of stereotypes by law enforcement is a recognised issue,[13] and international law scholar Solange Mouthaan argues that, in conflict scenarios, sexual violence against men has been ignored in favor of a focus on sexual violence against women and children.[14] One explanation for this difference in focus is the physical power that men hold over women making people more likely to condemn violence with this gender configuration.[15] The concept of male survivors of violence go against social perceptions of the male gender role, leading to low recognition and few legal provisions.[16] Often there is no legal framework for a woman to be prosecuted when committing violent offenses against a man.[17]
In the U.S., crime statistics from the 1976 onwards show that men make up the majority of the homicide perpetrators regardless if the victim is female or male. Men are also over-represented as victims in homicide involving both male and female offenders.[61] According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, women who kill men are most likely to kill acquaintances, spouses or boyfriends while men are more likely to kill strangers.[62] In many cases, women kill men due to being victims of intimate partner violence,[63] however it should be noted that this research was conducted on women on death row, a sample size of approximately 97 during the last 100 years.[64]
The first step in the visa process is to sort out your travel insurance. To do this, you will need to head to the travel insurance cashier/desk. Please note that even if you already have travel insurance that is valid for Iran, you still need to have this verified at the insurance desk. If you already have insurance valid in Iran, make sure you have printed your policy certificate and show this at the insurance desk. Make sure to point out where on your certificate that it says ‘Iran’. I travel with World Nomads insurance and specifically made sure that Iran was included. The insurance certificate issued to me by World Nomads explicitly stated that it was valid for Iran. If you have travel insurance but your printed policy does not clearly state that it is valid for Iran, you may be forced to buy a separate policy.
I did have an onward flight booked and I had a printout of the booking details. However at no stage was I required to show this. From my experience, an onward flight is not required to gain entry to Iran. However, as is often the case, you may be required to show proof of onward travel during the check-in for your flight to Iran.
An email printout with your first accommodation booking details might be needed. You may not need to actually show this to anyone, but you will need the information on it to fill out your forms. At the very least make sure you have an email containing your accommodation booking details, an address and contact information. Contact details for a hostel are accepted, there is no need to book an expensive hotel.
The latest poll shows his trouble might be even bigger than anticipated, and because respondents in the crucial ring around the city have a big problem with the “Access Hollywood” tape.
The lack of love for Trump is obvious when compared to how the ‘burbs voted in 2012. Then, Barack Obama still beat Mitt Romney handily, but his margin was 10 percent. This poll shows Clinton 18 points ahead of that. It also shows Clinton eight points ahead of a late September poll that showed her with a 20-point lead in the Philly suburbs.
There is something inherently compelling about Dion Waiters. From the day he stepped foot into Cleveland, he has been the player who is adored by most fans while being simultaneously shunned by those not looking through a lakefront prism. He arrived here having not been interviewed or taken part in a pre-draft workout. He showed up overweight and was shut down mid-way through his first run at an NBA Summer League. He was, after all, a sixth man.
“This year, I’m going to show a lot of people who doubted me and still doubt me,” Waiters said back in September. “I’m going to show them. I don’t need praise and all of that. I just want to be respected. I’m coming. That’s all I have to say. I’ve taken my work ethic to another level and I feel as though I still have something to prove. So, watch out.”
By now, you’ve heard the story. Following the loss to the Thunder, a game that not only left many feeling good, but showed that his team was still fighting despite the point in the season and the opponent, it was Dion Waiters, having just scored 30 points, who was sitting in Mike Brown’s office, in a towel having not yet gotten dressed, waiting for his coach to finish his post-game address of the media. You see, despite the 30 points that he had just scored, Waiters felt that he did not do all that he could have done—in the rebounding and hustle department, specifically—and wanted to apologize. Why? Because “that’s what men do,” he would later say.
But it might be a recent interview that shows just how detached Thorsten Heins is from anything you could call the real world:
According to Hance, about 40 people showed up to Apex Bar — many of them with gear and donations in-hand. They showed Minhyeong what Portland is really all about as they shared free food donated to the event by Grind Musubi. “Definitely made me proud to be a Portlander! It was overwhelming, I won’t lie.” Hance wrote on in an email to supporters.
Landline call records show that Yentob had his voicemails intercepted 330 times from July 2002 to March 2005, although the court heard that the true extent was likely to be much greater when hacking from pay-as-you-go phones was included.
Hey there! Over the last couple years I’ve been very honored and grateful to team up with psychedelic avenger Duncan Trussell and become a regular guest on his show. About once a year I show up to do a “Magick Class With Jason Louv” spot, and Duncan and I travel across the multiverse to discuss the heavens and hells of psychedelic and magical consciousness.
A broad-faced strawberry blonde, she had always worn sweaters and plaid pleated skirts and low-heeled shoes for her birding walks, and here this same outfitseemed a shade more chic and less aggressively “sensible” than it had at home. Her pleasant plain looks, rather lost in the old crowd of heavily groomed suburban wives, had bloomed in this climate; her manner, as she showed them the house and their room upstairs, seemed to Carter somehow blushing, bridal.5
Lizzie revelled in the notoriety of being proclaimed “the first woman in Horden to wear trousers!”. We will never know if this title was truly deserved. However, her story demonstrates how the First World War expanded the employment opportunities available to women. Lizzie was offered the opportunity to work in a trade that had previously been barred to her as a married woman in a County Durham village. The Northern Coalfield was almost exclusively male. The 1911 census shows how shocking the arrival of female coke oven workers would have been in Horden: officially there were only 13 female coke workers recorded in the entire Durham area. While this figure was definitely an under-estimate, it explains why the children were so surprised!
Kim, whose sister Kyle Richards remains a key cast member on Bravo's hit show set in the 90210, kept a low profile on Twitter Wednesday, with her last post having come Tuesday, in which she wished her youngest daughter, Kimberly Jackson, a happy 21st birthday.
It was an irresistible offer, made more so because of Robert’s evident passion to make the Robert Mondavi Winery America’s finest. Grgich accepted and got to work, introducing—among other methods he had learned at Beaulieu—malolactic fermentation, a technique that lends a soft, buttery quality to wines by converting hard malic acids into soft lactic acids. Every Monday, led by Robert, the staff would have their own blind tastings of Mondavi wines against the best from France. It entered into company legend that the winery was California’s largest importer of French grand crus because of these competitive tastings. Robert showed up at the winery nearly as early as Grgich, at six or seven each morning during crush, to taste the progress of the fermenting juice from the barrels or discuss a technical issue with his winemaker.
With a background in Judo, training at the famed Budokwai from a young age, Esfandmaz has declared he wants to fly the British flag and show what the UK has to offer on a world stage.
“The tournament was really nice for me, I got to achieve one of my dreams in fighting black belts, as I always wanted to test myself at that level. I did well, I got lucky, and I ended up taking gold so it shows great improvement in myself.
“I also want to give a shout out to British BJJ because man, we had some good guys there like Bradley Hill and Viking Wong – they were very unlucky. They both drew Alan ‘Finfou’ Nascimento, so yeah, the UK smashed pretty much the whole thing and it showed that BJJ is improving a lot in the UK and it’s really nice to see. I couldn’t be more happy man. I just want to fly out there, do my best and bring home some medals.”
Speaking passionately after training, the brown belt nostalgically spoke of early Jiu Jitsu in the UK and believes the country has an immense talent pool that we should be proud of compared to larger nations. He intends to show what the UK is capable of.
“I want to fly the flag, of course I do,” says Arya. “I want to show that we aren’t some random small island that only likes to drink tea, we’re quite handy on the mats too.
“It shows how much we’ve improved and it shows how respected we are and I think we’re top in Europe man, yeah, you have some Scandinavian countries coming through but I think we can smash it and to help fly that flag is something I want.”
During their time at Stowe House, Day introduced Sidney to members of the local intellectual circle, including the priest at Lichfield Cathedral, Thomas Seward. Seward and his wife hoped that Day might be a suitor for their daughter, Anna, and Anna's writings of the time show her interest in Day. Anna was also enchanted by Sidney, who became the link between Day and the Seward family. Anna took a keen interest in Sidney's story, as her father had taken in Honora Sneyd when Sneyd's mother had died.
“We’d like to know what’s in those tax returns that he refuses to show to the American public. Did he pay any taxes?” Reid asked in an impassioned speech to the Senate on July 11. Days later, Reid, who’s from Nevada, suggested that Romney’s refusal to release more than two years of tax returns would make him ineligible to serve even as dogcatcher.
A new survey on Jewish Americans released just now by the Pew Research Center shows what we’ve come to expect from these reports: They are becoming less religious overall, with Millennial Jews even less religious than their older counterparts:
The report also shows a rise in Jews who marry non-Jews, another sign that religious faith is taking a backseat to other qualities.
If you’re just starting out with Twitter, this guide will show you how to craft a winning strategy. If you’re already using the platform to grow your business, jump to our section on smart Twitter tips for business.
Of course, after investing all this work in crafting a great profile, you’ll want to make sure people actually find it. Add your Twitter handle to your website, email signatures, the side of your delivery truck, and wherever else it makes sense to show it off.
Measuring your Twitter marketing results allows you to evaluate your success, see what kind of content your community engages with, and shows you opportunities for areas to further refine your Twitter strategy. Here are a few ways to get the data you need:
Hosting a Twitter chat is a great way to show thought leadership in your field while building advocacy, loyalty, and community. Using a shared hashtag, users meet online to catch up on industry news, discuss issues, and share ideas. To learn more, see our step-by-step guide on how to run a Twitter chat.
It really goes to show that you never know how certain MMOs can make a lasting imprint in the minds and hearts of fans and how these games can become virtual homes that players never want to leave.
“Tupac Back” was the first single I had, but prior to that I already had 20-something songs in the street. I already had mixtapes with Gucci. But “Tupac Back” showed people, He don’t just do mixtapes, he can actually do a single. ’Cause this shit is a fucking banger. It really came in and shook the game up. It had everybody freestyling on it — to freestyle on the “Tupac Back” beat was the thing to do. I was just very consistent after that.
I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.
While Neidell began his YouTube series in July 2014 on topics you’d expect to find in a standard WWI curriculum—the assassination of Franz Ferdinand, early trench warfare, propaganda, the Red Baron—the show has since branched out to give a much more comprehensive look at the “Great War,” detailing everything from soldiers’ diets and salaries to what’s wrong with EA’s Battlefield 1 trailer:
Four minutes from the end of Manchester City's remarkably comfortable win over QPR on Sunday, the entire Etihad stadium rose to its feet to applaud an oncoming player. Yun Suk-Young was replaced by former City star Shaun Wright-Phillips and there was a show of respect for the winger, as there had been earlier in the game for Richard Dunne, to mark just how much the fans remember his efforts while playing at Eastlands.
Action Bronson has released a new track called “Let Me Breathe,” from his new album Blue Chips 7000. The track was premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show today. Listen to it here and below. It was produced by Harry Fraud, who also executive produced the album. And listen to Bronson's new interview with Zane here. He calls his new music "U2 on steroids." Rick Ross also guests on the album. No release date has been set, but Bronson told Zane that he's hoping to release it by late July/early August.
Although he hadn’t released a ton of music in the recent past, Action Bronson has kept plenty busy. He’s got his Viceland shows, he’s appeared as a celebrity chef on talk shows, and he’s got a new matchmaking show coming to Snapchat. Last year he shared the new song “Durag vs. Headband.”
"We're launching a one-gigabit town in Australia ... just to show there is demand for it, it does work, people want it, but it's the [NBN] product that is wrong, which is why you can't offer it to the mass market at the moment," Demos told ZDNet.
It showed Villaluna attacking Mr Collins first, then stabbing Ms Pilapil before returning to Mr Collins who was trying to get up off the floor.
The show is the first to be held by a public institution in London since Lowry's death in 1976.
"He is not an artist who fits into the Home Counties, Eton and Oxbridge view of England and Englishness," said Professor Clark, speaking at a preview of the Tate show on Monday.
Highlights include Ancoats Hospital Outpatients Hall (1952), painted in the early years of the NHS, and The Cripples (1949), which shows people disabled by war and illness.
The Lowry exhibition comes after critics from the art world called on Tate to show its collection of paintings or put them up for sale.
"What we'd like to think is this show will delight people who love Lowry, but also open the eyes to those who thought that Lowry was not part of mainstream painting," she said.
The exhibition also explores Lowry's connections with French art and shows his work alongside French-themed paintings of Vincent van Gogh and Camille Pissarro.
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Jurors listened in disbelief as testimony showed it was the sheriff’s money that purchased the bomb parts, and an undercover officer who drove Saville around to buy the parts. They also heard how the sheriff and his top lieutenants had sat inside The Ro-man Table for more than two hours, waiting for the “bomber” to show up. They heard how the media had been alerted that morning that a bust was coming down, and how a television cameraman had waited in the bushes until around 3 p.m. And they learned that Jimmy Saville had been sitting in jail for four long years since then, waiting for his day in court, because the sheriff’s office had dragged its feet in producing evidence, dribbling out one report, one tape, one transcript at a time.
Economic growth: Aside from possible Trump moves, economic growth in China, Latin America and Europe remain uncertain. Reforms in Argentina and Mexico are hopeful signs, but China remains an opaque mountain of debt, Europe has numerous trouble spots but shows hints of recovery, the strong dollar assisting their trade balance. Bearish, but with bullish hopes.
Figure 1: SEM image shows an example of a needle-like tin whisker. (Courtesy of CALCE/University of Maryland)
"When the tourists showed us the picture of this dog we could not believe our eyes," he said. "How it survived in such freezing conditions and what it ate during that time remains a mystery to us."
Malaria challenge models require effective treatment for any resulting malaria infections. Investigators were also able to demonstrate that individuals with low or absent levels of a specific liver enzyme were unable to convert primaquine to an active drug form to kill the dormant stage of the parasites. These volunteers were more likely to experience vivax malaria relapse. The clinical data in this study is the first to show that differences in a person's genetics can result in primaquine treatment failure. Despite this newly identified limitation, primaquine remains the only FDA-approved drug to treat the dormant stages of vivax malaria.
The investigative report contained text messages that the governor sent to Mason. They were intercepted by Bentley’s then-wife, Dianne Bentley, who was able to read the messages because they also showed up on the governor’s state-issued iPad, which he had given her.
“Sales of the BlackBerry® Z10 are meeting expectations and the data we have collected from our retail and carrier partners demonstrates that customers are satisfied with their devices,” said BlackBerry President and CEO Thorsten Heins. “Return rate statistics show that we are at or below our forecasts and right in line with the industry. To suggest otherwise is either a gross misreading of the data or a willful manipulation. Such a conclusion is absolutely without basis and BlackBerry will not leave it unchallenged.”
Above: Each of the three images covers the same patch of Martian ground centered on skylight "Annie," which has a diameter about double the length of a football field. The left panel shows an ordinary white light view of Annie; right panels show infrared images in mid-afternoon (center) and just before sunrise (right). [More]
The Reuters/Ipsos poll shows Clinton leading Trump 47 percent to 33 percent. Another 20 percent said they wouldn't support either candidate.
A RealClearPolitics polling average shows Clinton leading Trump 45 percent to 39 percent.
Trump's slip in the polls comes after federal filings showed he has raised surprisingly little money for a presumptive presidential candidate.
Campaign finance disclosures released earlier this week showed Trump's campaign finished May with just $1.3 million in the bank and raised $3.1 million.
Obviously, this happens all the time. Law-abiding citizens use or brandish or fire a gun to protect their property or to thwart off a potential attacker, burglar, rapist, etc. But determining how many times a year this actually happens is a subject of much debate amongst social scientists and criminologists because frequently DGUs go unreported to police, e.g. if one shows a gun to defuse a situation, does that person always file a police report?
Christian said: "I had my own copy, but it was degraded. I [would have] preferred Black Angel become a myth rather than show a poor quality version of it."
"It showed lochs. It helped me want to stay alive."
Carlow Classic Motorcycle Show 2015 T he Leinster Classic Motorcycle Show takes place on Easter Sunday in St Mary’s Academy School just beside the railway station in Carlow. It is something of a season opener and a chance to come out of hibernation for those of us, who do not use our motorcycles to any extent over the winter period. The Jawa 350 had been resting, awaiting engagements, in the garage for many months, where it had provided a comfortable perch for our family cat during the Winter. That cat can spend so many hours in the saddle without tiring, if only the motorcycle’s owner could do the same! I had drained the tank and carburettor before resting up the bike and on Easter Saturday with fresh fuel and three kicks later she started up immediately. A spin around the block confirmed nothing amiss. Easter Day dawned and the Jawa was fired up and away we went for Carlow. The route taken to Carlow was of course Jawa friendly – down the N81 through Blessington, turning onto the R726 at Rathvilly. Perfect roads for 50/55mph cruising, speeds at which the Jawa excels. Met Eireann had forecast sunshine and decent temperatures for the day but they failed to show up. Grey and overcast conditions prevailed but it was almost flat calm with very little breeze. The trees and hedgerows along the route had as yet failed to show any sign of Spring. The only harbingers of hope were clumps of daffodils around farmyards and the lambs visible in the fields. The Carlow show is a big one with some 100 classic and vintage bikes on show. It attracts a large crowd and the roads and footpaths around the school are lined with motorcycles – some of which are as interesting as those on show inside the school hall. The auto jumble, laid out in the school yard, is also of significant size. I have to admit that these jumbles always look to me as if someone has dropped a bucket into some landfill and filled the plastic fish crates with the contents. No doubt there is gold there for those who know how to pan for it. If visiting the show in the future, do take a look at the railway station, which stands sentinel over the show - it is beauty. Dating from 1846 and built in the Jacobean revival style, it features a yellow brick façade with granite trim and four tall chimneys. The ride home was even more enjoyable as I emerged into sunshine between Rathvilly and Blessington. It was a bonus after the grey day. It also turned out to be a poignant trip, as little did I know, at the time, that it would be my last spin on the 350. In the interim, I succumbed to the temptation of the Jawa 250 Californian. This is the model assembled by Mates Moto Servis in the Czech Republic. It is extremely rare and in all only about 12 of these machines were made. Some of the new old stock parts on the machine still bear the stamp – “Made in Czechoslovakia”. There is a story here but for another day. Pat (Noddy G)
L iving without a dealer in Ireland it is easy to forget that JAWA are still selling bikes in Europe. The fact that they have reduced their range of bikes and are following the MZ trend of bigger machines does not mean that they have disappeared. I was recently contacted by Stanislav Hrnčíř. He is attempting to contact 650 and 660cc owners. Many have already banded together to form a club. As the photos from one of their recent camps shows they are numerous and active. Well done the boys. Click Here to see and find out more. If you would like to contact them emailStanislav Hrnčíř. Mick Back to Content
And due to the increasing harm and evil which these gatherings caused, they were informed and alarmed previously that the matter will be brought before judicial authorities after the attempts of reconciliations failed and the situation could not stay hanging without resolution. So the leadership of Hay’at Tahrir Shaam departing from their obligation towards the arena and towards its soldiers, to prevent the arena from slipping to dangerous consequences, and after the road to desired reconciliation was blocked; it presented a list calling the heads of turmoil to a just Sharia court which will show the reality. And the case is now with the judicial authorities to come with its decisive word.
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
She quickly slid her tight-fitting cotton shirt off over her head while Robby removed her sweatpants, panties and all. His boxers soon followed, revealing a semi-hard dick that even the December cold couldn’t temper. It showed just how much he wanted her sex and her love.
Although this answer may not really come as a surprise, combined with his previous answers it shows how subjective the MPAA’s view on creativity and culture is. According to the MPAA piracy is ruining culture, but at the same time they are not allowing others to use even tiny snippets of their works.
The analysis showed cuts of £29million in 2010-11 grew to £302million in 2011-12 and £827million this financial year.
“I told you it was to prove to everybody and myself I can do it,” Capela said. “I’m a guy that watches a lot of video. I watch a lot of Embiid. I watch a lot of bigs. I want to be an expert on that. These kind of opportunities to show I can play with those guys is good.”
Yes we were unlucky some points but these games show the strength of the deck. We had some opponents stumble, and we were able to close the door on them. We had other opponents give us some good games while allowing us to make some meaningful decisions. If you’re looking for a deck that will jam out games quickly and has a reasonable win percentage, I can’t recommend Stonescar Burn enough.
A survey of the various pundits show that, yes indeed, President Obama won the second presidential debate against Mitt Romney. Funny how when real people are involved, Mitt Romney falls to pieces.
Most people enter the self-help realm while planning a personal improvement project, a kind of steam-cleaning of the soul. I fell into it by mistake. Maybe the allusion to a familiar poem was what made me pull M Scott Peck’s The Road Less Travelled (1978) off my parents’ shelf as a young teen. In any case, I was hooked. Beset by typical middle‑school problems – bullies, fickle friends, chronic wallflower-dom – I was intrigued by the claim of this psychiatrist from Connecticut that suffering could have a noble and necessary purpose, as long as you showed the fortitude to tackle your issues head-on. ‘When we avoid the legitimate suffering that results from dealing with problems,’ Peck wrote, ‘we also avoid the growth that problems demand from us.’
Standard-bearers such as Peck and Pipher made me feel that I could read my way to a better life. And as it turns out, my teenage conviction might not have been too far off the mark. Studies show that self-help books can resolve readers’ depressed moods, change ingrained thought patterns, and instill a renewed zest for life – as long as the advice within is scientifically sound.
Other advice commonly dispensed in self-help books – such as that venting your anger will diminish it or, if you’re feeling down, you should fill your mind with happy thoughts – have likewise failed to stand up to scientific scrutiny, as the psychologist Jeremy Dean points out. But as wayward as some self-help guidance can be, the genre also offers advice that is strikingly on the mark, even transformational. A handful of recent studies have underscored bibliotherapy’s potential to help create positive life change, as long as the book’s underlying tenets are sound. Depressed people in a 2010 trial at the University of Nevada thrived when they read Feeling Good, which navigates readers through the process – endorsed by cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) – of identifying their negative thoughts, assessing whether those thoughts were distorted, and if so replacing the thoughts with more logical, reality-based ones. Study participants in the bibliotherapy group showed as much mood improvement as members of another group who received ‘usual care’, including antidepressant prescriptions.
President Trump uttered one of his trademark quasi-dictatorial assertions during a Thursday-night interview with Laura Ingraham on her new show The Ingraham Angle (is that the permanent name, Fox News? You’re sticking with that?).
Meanwhile, in western Japan's Himeji, an illumination show was held in early November at Himeji Castle, a national treasure and World Heritage site, during which LED balloons were released from a square outside it.
The Giants' preseason isn't about rookie receiver Sterling Shepard vs. veteran Victor Cruz -- that battle is over; Shepard has won. The battle is Cruz vs. his old explosiveness, with the waiver wire a possible destination for Cruz. (And that battle will distract everyone from what's happening at linebacker for New York.) ... Atlanta has been threatening to start up to four defensive rookies, including first-round pick Keanu Neal, and the preseason will show how serious coach Dan Quinn is about turning over his group. ... The Steelers were ranked low in this exercise until I realized how much I wanted to see Sammie Coates and slot receiver Eli Rogers build on their camp hype. Pittsburgh coaches are also hoping outside linebackers Bud Dupree and Jarvis Jones finally establish themselves as clear starters, while they work in two rookies (first-round pick Artie Burns and second-round pick Sean Davis) in the secondary. These aren't former defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau's "wait and develop" Steelers.
The Jets have a roster of established stars for whom the preseason doesn't matter much. We don't expect to see a ton of Matt Forte, even when he gets healthy. They only rank this high on the off chance Geno Smith plays like Joe Namath and makes my heart sing. Second-round pick Christian Hackenberg hasn't seen many snaps in camp and might not even be ready for preseason action. The Jets definitely have the most compelling battle for a No. 3 quarterback job, with 2015 fourth-rounder Bryce Petty hoping to show progress. He says he plans to "Brett Favre it" in the team's first preseason game. We just want to see what that means. ... The Bills would have been a lot more interesting this month before losing their top two rookies (Shaq Lawson and Reggie Ragland) to injury. Former Olympic hopeful Marquise Goodwin is making believers (again) in Buffalo camp, and he has a solid chance to start if he shows out in August. ... ... Arian Foster will sit out the preseason opener for the Dolphins. It's worth watching how he and Jay Ajayi look this month, and if both can escape August healthy.
"We believe that everyone in our industry should stand united and fight to protect our Second Amendment rights," said Davidson's CEO and President Bryan Tucker. Mr. Tucker echoed the message of Chris Cox, noting that "Our participation in the Two Million Gun Challenge is one of the ways that we continue to support the NRA-ILA and show our leadership in defense of the American Constitution."
Over the past few decades, researchers have made steady progress toward a quantum computer, for instance, by storing quantum data or performing logic operations on qubits. But the NIST work, which is published online today by the journal Science, pieces together several crucial steps for the first time. The work involved putting an ion into a desired state, storing qubit data in it, performing logical operations on one or two of the qubits, transferring that information among different locations, and finally reading out the qubit result individually. Importantly, the researchers show that they can perform one operation after another in a single experiment.
The nearest thing to a tacit admission that the defeat of SOPA and ACTA indicated something was seriously wrong with the whole system came from William E. Kennard, the US Ambassador to the EU, who boldly suggested that legislators still have not got the balance in this area "quite right". Such a laughable characterization of the chasm that separates what the law tries to impose and what the public now believes is reasonable shows just how little US and EU officials and rights holders have really grasped what this year's extraordinary events mean for copyright -- and for them.
Freedom of Information documents released to the Journal.ie this morning showed it has cost €300,000 to carry out an investigation into the alleged duplication of expenses by Brian Ó Domhnaill.
Despite her edgy Pop sensibility, influential friends like Ben Shahn and Buckminster Fuller, and posthumous shows in various museums, along with a 2009 exhibition at Zach Feuer Gallery, Sister Corita never became a presence in the mainstream art world. No doubt this is partly because of her vocation (she was a Sister of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which she joined in 1936 and left in 1968), and the fact that she was a printmaker, rather than a painter.
“Almost in some ways she was outsider even though was she trained and was insider in other ways,” says Tang director Ian Berry, who co-curated the exhibition with Michael Duncan. “I’m hoping this show can get her into the trajectory of art conversation.”
New figures released by the Central Bank of Venezuela (BCV) showed the national economy contracted by 1% in the first half of the year, including a 2.4% drop in the second quarter.
Robertson was a target of gay rights activists in December 2013 after comments regarding homosexual behavior were published in an interview with GQ magazine. At the time, A & E, the network his show Duck Dynasty appears on, suspended him. After an intense and vocal response from the show's loyal fans, and an overwhelming petition drive here at Truth Revolt, he was reinstated.
Abstract In 2005, as the result of a World Trade Organization mandate, India implemented a patent reform for pharmaceuticals that was intended to comply with the 1995 Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS). Exploiting variation in the timing of patent decisions, we estimate that a molecule receiving a patent experienced an average price increase of just 3-6 percent, with larger increases for more recently developed molecules and for those produced by just one firm when the patent system began. Our results also show little impact on quantities sold or on the number of pharmaceutical firms operating in the market. (JEL K33, L11, L13, L65, O14, O34, O38)
This is the first affordable Raspberry Pi case made out of aluminum. We wanted to ensure we didn’t sacrifice form over function, so we used the aluminum housing of the case to provide a built in heat sink. Supplied with the case is a thermal pad and 4 screws for the simplest Raspberry Pi case assembly on the market. It only takes seconds to drop your Raspberry Pi into it’s amazing new home and show it off on your counter top.
Campaign officials see Pence's address Wednesday as an important opportunity to reassure the doubters. In a show of unity, he'll be introduced by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a lukewarm Trump supporter, and lay out his reasons for partnering with the celebrity businessman who is in many ways his opposite.
The statistics showed that doctors, nurses, porters and administrative workers suffered physical and verbal abuse from patients.
The statistics showed that doctors, nurses, porters and administrative workers suffered physical and verbal abuse from patients.
Lib Dem health spokesman Jim Hume said: "Our figures show that a total of 774 attacks on A&E staff took place across Scotland over 2012 and 2013. That's equivalent to an attack a day on NHS staff.
His footage shows him cornering two taggers as the third runs off.
He said the video showed how a situation could get out of hand and distress other passengers.
Some GMO critics, to their credit, seem open to reforming the movement. Gary Hirshberg, the chairman of Just Label It, has been pounded by GMO advocates for unscientific statements. But in his latest essay, Hirshberg shows tentative signs of turning away from allegations that GMOs per se are dangerous. He’s trying to refocus the debate on transparency, herbicidal applications, and long-term monitoring.
No. 5: Keep an open mind. Robinson points out that I initially favored the Iraq war, later regretted it, and eventually wrote about lessons I learned from my mistake. She says this shows I have “a history of bad judgment calls,” and therefore you shouldn’t trust me. She has it backward. The people you shouldn’t trust are those who reject new information. When events or experiments don’t turn out as you expected, you have to rethink your assumptions. Otherwise you end up clinging to dead dogmas.
The most striking aspect of this work is likely to be Alibert and Benz’ findings on the water content of small planets in the habitable zone. The amount of water is found to depend upon the location at which the planet has accreted planetesimals, their composition being dictated by the thermal structure of the disk and the location of the snowline, which varies depending on disk mass. Note this: A significant fraction of the planets modeled show more than 10 percent water. Contrast this with the Earth, whose fraction of water is roughly 0.02%.
The study shows a correlation between the mass of a planet and the water fraction, with planets that do not contain a high degree of water being lower in mass (generally below one Earth mass), while planets totally devoid of water are all less massive than one Earth mass. Alibert and Benz see this as the result of migration, with more massive planets migrating from further out in the system, thus collecting water-rich material from beyond the snowline.
…our models show that the properties of the disk and their potential correlation with the mass of the star are the most important parameters determining the characteristics, in particular the water content, of the emerging planet population. In this context, observational constraints on mass and lifetime of discs in orbit of low-mass stars become of paramount importance.
More than a year ago, e-mails among officials show deep concern behind the scenes about the quality of the city’s water.
Thousands of pages of e-mails obtained by the Detroit Free Press through the Freedom of Information Act on Monday show increasing concern about the quality of the Flint's drinking water as tensions grew over a lack of coordination to combat the waterborne disease.
The e-mails released Monday also showed how local officials struggled to contain the outbreak.
But last week, other e-mails released by the liberal group Progress Michigan showed an aide in Snyder's office was notified in March 2015 — more than nine months before Snyder said he learned of the problem — that there was an increase in Legionnaires' disease cases in Genesee County. The aide, Harvey Hollins, said in an interview last week he did not brief the governor on the issue at the time because he told state environmental department officials to gather more information and make their own recommendation if warranted.
The new e-mails show other state health officials investigated the outbreak at least a year before the governor's public announcement.
It was like any other Angel Burlesque show — if on a smaller-scale than some of its big fundraising extravaganzas — except for a couple attendees. The Indianapolis Department of Code Enforcement was on the scene to determine if Angel Burlesque's act can be defined as adult entertainment.
1) Do a show in a part of the community that might be hostile — or rather, might be home to a single hostile person who will notify the city.
However, that was a preliminary decision, according to the department, which, according to Baker, says it "tries to get everyone on the same page" in any situation, seeing if "there's room to be worked" or if "there's a variance that can be applied for." When NUVO spoke to Baker last week, he noted that the bar "wasn't in violation right now"; the business had been assessed for two violations pertaining to the show but had until April 11 to abate said violations.
3) Try to do your show more than once
As Baker puts it, with respect to Angel Burlesque's show at Kat's Pub: "This could be a one-time performance; that's another way that would not be considered an adult entertainment business." So the solution for a burlesque troupe: One and done. Or maybe two. Maybe even monthly?
4) Put on a show without a thorough
Katie Angel and the rest of the members of Angel Burlesque were under no threat of arrest Friday night. But they thought a police officer would be attending their show — they were, in fact, plain-clothed code enforcement inspectors — and were more than a little nervous going into the performance.
The owner of Kat's Pub, Chad Alvey, complained last week to NUVO that the city "didn't even know what a burlesque show was," that they "didn't know what the public indecency law was." The public indecency law has nothing to do with the adult entertainment code, according to code enforcement's Baker, but Alvey wasn't clear on the distinction.
One key question: Should Angel and Alvey have been expected to know the adult entertainment code? Angel Burlesque performed a show at Kat's Pub in February, which didn't result in a citation of the venue. Alvey booked the show after seeing troupes like Rocket Doll Revue performing in venues around the city that aren't certified as adult entertainment businesses. Here's an excerpt from NUVO's 2012 cover story on burlesque that gives a sense of the scope of the local burlesque scene (with the caveat that much of the information is outdated):
In short, burlesque troupes have historically performed at venues across the city — venues open to the public, shows that were widely advertised and featured in local press — without running afoul of the code enforcement. And because burlesque isn't specifically cited as an adult entertainment act in the code — and semi-nudity and nudity have been historically been featured on local stages that aren't housed in adult entertainment businesses — then wouldn't those troupes have a reasonable expectation that their performances were lawful and appropriate? Which brings us to...
Katie Angel doesn't want to have to resort to calling Angel Burlesque's performances "theater" because she rather likes the term "burlesque," with its rich tradition rooted in vaudeville, variety shows and other populist entertainment of the first half of the 20th century. "There's something special about saying burlesque," she says. "There's something so beautiful about burlesque that it's so female-positive; it connects us to our foremothers."
BONES. That is all the passing millennia have left us of the Neanderthals and the more elusive Denisovans. Until recently, the main insights gleaned from these bones have been physical: what our cousins might have looked like, for instance, and how they moved. But cutting-edge genetic science is changing that. We can now see, for the first time, which genes are switched on in humans but were not in Neanderthals and Denisovans, and vice versa. The findings point to subtle differences between our brain structure and function, and theirs. The research, presented last week at the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution meeting in Chicago, reveals that after our ancestors split from Neanderthals and Denisovans, they evolved differences in genes connected with cognitive abilities. Many of those genes are associated with mental disorders in modern humans. Working out which genes are switched on or not involves looking at the epigenome, or the chemical “methyl” tags attached to genes. Genomes, in contrast, show only the basic sequence of genes. Liran Carmel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, and colleagues analysed the epigenomes of Neanderthals and Denisovans and compared them with those of modern humans (s ee “What’s good about decay”, top right). Altered methylation patterns are frequently associated with disease, particularly cancer and mental disorders. So Carmel’s approach has the potential to give us unprecedented insight into the
I was surprised to see that underneath the new layout of DivShare is the same great service from three years ago. And, even more surprised to discover some files I had stored 3 years ago in the service are still there! DivShare is a file management service that not only lets you share files, but also saves them for later (for an unlimited period of time). The maximum size per file is 200MB and you have 5GB space for free to start. After the upload, you’ll be able to embed your videos, audio and slide shows on any web site or profile. Diveshare has an iPhone and Facebook applications, a WordPress plug-in and an open API, if you want to build something yourself.
“People are excited about [Costco] because it is a chance to boycott the big chains that control all the prices and show that people will not have it any longer,” one Iceland native now living in California told Quartz.
NBC's "Constantine" isn't hitting small screens until October, but already the show has fans agitated. The drama, based on the DC comics franchises "Hellblazer" and "Constantine," centers on the adventures of con man and supernatural detective John Constantine. Some fans are concerned about the accuracy of the character, not because of the costume or the powers, but because of the title character's sexuality.
"Carlin at Carnegie" is George Carlin 's third special to be seen on HBO, recorded at Carnegie Hall , New York City in 1982 , released in 1983 . Most of the material comes from his " A Place for My Stuff ", the album released earlier that same year. Unlike the first two, this special was edited down to an hour and routines from the same show like "A Place for My Stuff" and "Baseball and Football" do not appear in this special in contradiction to many internet descriptions. The final performance of " Seven Dirty Words ," his last recorded performance of the routine, features Carlin's updated list (read from an oversized scroll):
So in some ways, tension with Iran is a useful diversion from an internal crackdown. King Salman sent a tough message to opponents with the execution-by-beheading of 47 people he alleged were terrorists; 46 were Sunni Muslim Saudis. The Saudi Foreign ministry issued a statement to justify this housecleaning, which it said was "based on clear and undisputed physical evidence" of terrorism." Some of the charges dated back more than a decade. The show of brutal domestic scimitar-rattling was a vivid message to highlight just who is in charge.
The idea is based on a Nobel Prize-winning theory which showed atoms could be frozen with a laser. In the navigation systems now being developed at the DSTL a vacuum container with between one and ten million atoms, all moving at around the speed of a jet aircraft, is hit by lasers and cooled to temperatures a billion times colder than outer space. These atoms at that point become coldest known bodies in the universe.
Angelina Jolie wrote an Op-Ed in today's New York Times about her decision to have a double mastectomy. The actress didn't have breast cancer, but tests showed she had almost a 90 percent chance of developing it. The key was finding a mutation in a gene known as BRCA-1, and Jolie appealed for the test to be made more accessible to women around the world.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
That's right. In the book I try to show how economic inequality puts our democracy in peril by undermining our basic principles of one person, one vote; and how our notion of America as a land of opportunity has been undermined and our principle of justice for all has been perverted into justice for those who can afford it. If you go through almost every social and important political economic debate, it's being shaped by the massive inequality we're facing today.
Ideology. This is economics being used to pursue a political agenda. I feel very intensely about that, because my own work over 30 years ago showed that whenever there's "asymmetric information," which just means some people know something others don't, whenever there were incomplete risk markets which there always are, markets are not in general efficient, and there is an important role for government regulation, government providing goods like basic research or support of the internet, and that kind of thing. But the ideology totally ignores this.
Election law expert Rick Hasen, who writes the Election Law Blog, joked in an email to TPM that O’Keefe’s team should “next show how easy it is to rob a bank with a plastic gun.”
Henry Brady of the University of California told TPM that O’Keefe’s video showed that what his team did was “possible” but said that was never really a question. He also said that other techniques short of voter ID — like asking voters to sign a roll when they receive their ballot — would stop the type of fraud O’Keefe’s allies were attempting.
“Yes, this shows it’s possible to do what they did but you have to ask yourself… how many illegal immigrants would risk a jail term to vote illegally?” Brady said. “What they didn’t tell us, were they ever stopped and asked what’s going on here.”
Lead author of the study, Dr Jen Bright, of the University of Sheffield, said: “Our results show that in birds of prey such as eagles and falcons, the shapes of the skulls change in a predictable way as species increase or decrease in size. The shape of the beak is linked to the shape of the skull, and these birds can’t change one without changing the other.
For instance, Playboy bunnies in India will show less skin, says Sanjay Gupta, chief executive officer of PB Lifestyle Ltd., a Mumbai-based company that has an exclusive license to market Playboy merchandise and to set up and manage clubs here.
“To donors, he is a familiar guy, and when he was chair of the DNC, he showed up in Texas," said state Sen. Kirk Watson of Austin, a former mayor of Texas' capital city who has known Kaine since he was the mayor of Richmond, Virginia. "People got to see him, got to know him."
Iraq's National Theatre Company has cancelled its show at the Impact 15 festival in Kitchener, Ont., because troupe members were denied Canadian visas over fears they'd attempt to seek refugee status, the festival director says.
"This show was chosen because it is about connecting [the theatre company] to the large Iraqi population who is living here in our community and who are feeling displaced," said Bou-Matar.
In JC-1 staining, a slight shift of MCF7 cells from the upper left region toward the lower right region was observed ( Fig. 8A ). The cell shifting showed an increase in the proportion of MCF7 cells experiencing mitochondrial depolarization and undergoing cell death.
Nagaimo lectin had moderate thermostability. It retained full hemagglutinating activity up to 62°C, but the activity dropped abruptly when the temperature was elevated from 64°C to 70°C, and vanished at 80°C ( Fig. 3A ). On the other hand, nagaimo lectin showed fairly high pH stability. Hemagglutinating activity was preserved at pH 2 to 13, while the activity was halved at pH 0–1 and totally eliminated at pH 14 ( Fig. 3B ).
In non-reducing SDS-PAGE, without treatment with β-mercaptoethanol, the nagaimo lectin appeared as a single 70-kDa band instead ( Fig. 2 ). In FPLC-gel filtration on a Superdex 75 10/300 GL column, nagaimo lectin was eluted in the 10 th ml. Based on the calibration curve for the column, the molecular mass of nagaimo lectin was 70-kDa. This showed that nagaimo lectin is a 70-kDa dimeric protein with two 35-kDa subunits.
A protocol with three chromatographic steps was used in lectin purification from nagaimo tubers. The first step, cation exchange chromatography on Q-Sepharose, yielded an unabsorbed fraction (Fraction I in Fig. 1A ) and a sharp adsorbed fraction (Fraction II in Fig. 1A ). The latter fraction was collected and subjected to the second step, FPLC-cation exchange chromatography on Mono Q. This step yielded one unadsorbed fraction (Fraction III in Fig. 1B ), and two major adsorbed peaks (Fraction IV and V in Fig. 1B ) and one minor adsorbed peak (Fraction VI in Fig. 1B ). Hemagglutinating activity resided in Fraction V. This fraction was subjected to the third step, FPLC-gel filtration on Superdex 75. The first, major peak (Fraction VII in Fig. 1C ) showed hemagglutinating activity but not the two minor peaks (Fraction VIII and IX in Fig. 1C ). Fraction VII contained purified nagaimo lectin that appeared as a single 35-kDa band in SDS-PAGE ( Fig. 2 ). The protocol contributed to purification of nagaimo lectin by approximately 33.4 folds ( Table 1 ).
The N-terminal amino acid sequence of nagaimo lectin was NPFVFFVAINNP. The sequence did not resemble any of the lectins in D. batatas [32]. Structurally disparate straw mushroom (Volvariella volvacea) lectins have been reported from different research laboratories [40], [41]. Also, the sequence of nagaimo lectin did not show homology to the Dioscorea dioscorins found in the GenBank Database. Dioscorins are one of the major storage proteins in yams. With no resemblance in sequence, it seems that nagaimo lectin is another storage protein in D. opposita tubers other than dioscorins. The results from the Protein BLAST search in GenBank Database even showed that the N-terminal sequence of nagaimo lectin did not resemble the sequence of any plant lectins. The most homologous sequence from the database was an Omp121 family outer membrane protein from Flavobacterium psychrophilum, a gram-negative bacteria, with around 75% identity within the sequence (Table 2). However, it has a much larger size (1060 amino acids), and the sequence is located near the C-terminus (987th to 997th amino acids) instead. It is unlikely to be related to nagaimo lectin. Nagaimo lectin is probably a new plant lectin with a distinct N-terminal amino acid sequence.
The report explains how some children described officers as taking pleasure in the family's distress, including telling them that they were "going back to their own country" and laughing and making fun of them when they showed signs of distress or anxiety.
Kodama: Yeah, I think it just came about in one of our random conversations. Though I remember the decision to just drop you back into the dungeon came at the very end of the development. We were thinking about how to get the player back there to show the credits, and we decided to just plop you back down in there.
Speaking of music, I think the SST band, a group composed of Sega Sound Staff, was formed just around the time Phantasy Star was released. They did a show at a park outside the east exit of Ikebukuro station, and I remember they were worried if people would even come. It was a big turnout though. Many things didn’t go right because it was their first live show, but it was a rare sight back then to see a video game sound team form a band, and the park was packed with people. It was a huge success.
The successful crowdfunding campaign shows the prototype of the new Mini device and a number of test users have copies. The new funds will be used to advance the development of the device and make it commercially available. It will cost around $70, and has a planned January release.
He noted the video evidence from the cameras on the front and rear of the bikes showed otherwise.
On trade, the fresh figures showed Canada's deficit with the world -- the balance between imports and exports -- ballooned to a record level of $3.6 billion in June.
Porter also underlined another possible "quirk" in the employment data. He noted that Ontario showed a drop last month of 37,800 positions in educational services, which could be due to a seasonal adjustment involving teachers that he has seen reflected in the data in the past.
Under the following button there is a URL that shows and analyses three different positions. Check it out
The Not Out percentage shows some unusual patterns; the probability of an opener staying not out is still minuscule, but batting later has its benefits. Of particular interest is the no. 4 (no. 5 as well) during the 2002-2004 era. Probably, teams were trying to emulate the Michael Bevan template of batting through to the end (observe the strike rate in the same era being lower than the opener or no. 6). Understandably, the Not Out percentage is much less when compared to the chasing values (~20%) for middle order batsmen (4-6), since teams batting first have a different mandate (maximizing their resources) compared to while chasing (staying in touch with the required run rate, while conserving wickets).
The occurrence of 100+ scores across the batting order shows some unusual trends; the percentage of innings resulting in a 100 increased till 02-04, decreased subsequently, and then rose sharply in the last 2-3 eras. In fact, the 13-16 era was the most productive in terms of individual 100 scores. No doubt, the tinkering of the fielding restrictions in the middle overs has helped some of the middle-order batsmen to amass big scores.
A simple way to understand the differences in batting indices while setting a target and chasing a target would be to compare the two. The above table shows the percentage variation of BI (chasing) with BI (setting) as a reference. The positive and negative differences are shown in green and red, respectively. For instance, BI (chasing) was ~15% higher than the corresponding BI (setting value) for openers in the 71-84 era. Of late, BI (chasing) has taken a beating across the batting order.
Overall, the lists have been dominated by batsmen who have batted in the top 5 positions. The presence of Kapil Dev, Boucher, Razzaq, Imran Khan, Oram, Flintoff and Symmonds in the top-20 show that it is easier for a lower-order batsman to make an impact while setting a target as compared to in a chase. Nevertheless, a small tweak to the index must be formulated to take care of the representation of the lower-order batmen.
“They wanted to talk about his penis, not my story,” she said with a shrug. “Maybe it looked like a reality show from the outside, but we were not in a cast. It was real life.”
Mad Men cast members Elisabeth Moss, John Slattery, Christina Hendricks, January Jones and Jon Hamm with show creator, writer and executive producer Matthew Weiner at THE DRAPER BENCH, a semi-permanent art installation at the Time & Life Plaza, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, home of Sterling Cooper & Partners Advertising Agency in the iconic series at Time & Life Building in New York City.
Alex Salmond’s reaction to being paid more than any other politician for appearing in the latest series of the satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You may have owed something to the “Because I’m Worth It” slogan of the L’Oréal cosmetic brand.
A payment of £1,800 Mr Salmond listed in his register of MPs interests as his fee for appearing on the show last month was £300 higher than that recorded by the five other senior UK politicians who featured in the same series.
But Mr Salmond’s fee of £1,800 may have left Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson feeling shortchanged after she was paid £1,500, despite receiving praise for her performance in an episode of the show hosted by the actor Michael Sheen.
Following his meeting with Assad, Annan called on the government and "all government-backed militias" to stop military operations and show maximum restraint. He also called on the armed opposition to stop all violence.
Videos posted online by anti-regime activists show explosions in Houla and dismembered bodies in the streets, then row upon row of the dead laid out before being buried in a mass grave. Some videos showed dozens of dead children, some with gaping wounds.
Well, let me clarify. It wasn’t so much that I was dropping a deuce. Oh, it was being dropped; that much was undeniable. But I couldn't really claim agency on said descent. Gravity was doing the work. I was merely the meaty husk from which it made its hasty escape. Used to more of a segmented approach to waste disposal, I was quite surprised that the creature making its egress from my nethers had more the appearance of a python. Smooth, and consistent in width, it coiled luxuriously in a pool of toilet water that is (or at least was) cleaner than the water that most of the people on this planet drink. As it continued to coil, my emotional state flowed from one of surprise, to horror, to amazement, and then again to horror as the snake coiled higher and higher, like soft serve ice cream at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. It was now surfacing above the water line. But still, the snake showed no signs that it was anywhere near finished with its journey. In a panic, I pawed at the flusher. The poor toilet strained, but eventually sent things on their way. But I wasn’t done yet. As the toilet flushed the waste away, more came to replace it. As the flush subsided, the coil started anew. And then I was done. I tried to catch my breath as the toilet flushed a second time. I felt my liver shift and expand, unsure what to do with all the extra space now afforded to it. I cleaned up and stood, almost dizzy after the affair. “Wow. A+++”, I thought to myself. “Would poop again.”
In response to a retweet (pictured) by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC
In response to a retweet by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC.
In response to a retweet by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC (pictured)
The American Culture and Faith Institute recently conducted a survey of adults 18 and older. It shows not only how deeply divided Americans are on some issues but also how their view of the nation stands in many cases in stark contrast to our nation’s founding principles. Most Americans (58 percent) see themselves as politically moderate, while a quarter identify as conservative, and 17 percent as liberal. Those who were both socially and fiscally conservative, the group tracked by the ACFI in greatest detail, were 6 percent of the population.
*chronic headaches, blindness/vision problems/ hyper-photosensitivity + visual disturbances + psychosis (which certainly may include paranoia) = exceedingly dark home. Think every horror movie that shows a psycho killer’s lair (spoiler alert) with random newspapers or aluminum foil blockading the windows. What do you think limited visual field does to baby’s brain development, congenital syph or no?
Now! CCTV6 is showing V for Vendetta. This should be the first time the film is on show in mainland China.
我愛壹玖捌柒：Those who decided to leave have already gone and no one cares what films are put on air. Why not show the three-hour long movie: Tiananmen?
The Vikings succeeded several hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus in 1492 in the discovery of North America. In the year 1000 AD evidence shows that Leif Erickson and his men discovered, what is now the northern shores of Canada, and moved further south along the coastline to more wooded lands with bountiful resources. They named North America Vinlandia after vines they discovered and harvested. Leif Erickson and his 35 man crew overcame the rigors of an Atlantic crossing and cultural superstitions that had stubbornly persisted through-out Europe for hundreds of years afterword that the very edge of the world laid at the end of the Atlantic Ocean somewhere at the horizon.
Alia Shawkat and James Williams with the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys Traditional Jass Band, 5/5, ECO, 4:25p: Alia Shawkat is best known for starring roles in TV shows like Arrested Development and Search Party, but she’s also an impressive jazz singer. Her collaborative EP with trad jazz outfit the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys finds her and James Williams knocking out a series of Ella & Louis-style duets. See feature in this issue.
Boyfriend, 4/30, GEN, 12:45p: Part rapper and part performance artist, Boyfriend’s “rap cabaret” shows are entertaining and intellectually-engaging experiences that make destroying gender norms fun for everyone. See feature in this issue.
Capoeira New Orleans, 5/7, KID, 4:10p: Participants and students from this local Afro-Brazilian arts program show off their moves.
Chilluns & Dads with Cranston and Annie Clements, Dave and Darcy and Johnny Malone, and Spencer and Andre Bohren, 5/4, GEN, 12:45p: The “Chilluns” showcase is being picked up from Tipitina’s which presented the program last December. This two-generation show will feature the Malones (siblings Johnny and Darcy of Darcy Malone and the Tangle and father Dave Malone of the Radiators), the Clements (daughter Annie Clements of Sugarland and father Cranston), and the Bohrens (father Spencer and son Andre).
Chocolate Milk, 4/30, GEN, 1:50p: Inspired by the music of Kool & the Gang, saxophonist Amadee Castenell formed this funk, soul and disco outfit in the late ‘70s in New Orleans. They went on to replace the Meters as Allen Toussaint’s house band before breaking up in 1983. Their occasional reunion shows are a treat for old school soul-loving Fest-goers.
Chris Owens, 4/30, ECO, 5:35p: An old-school burlesque queen and beloved local character, Owens runs the closest thing to a PG-rated club on Bourbon Street. Her Jazz Fest shows tend to include the liveliest version of “YMCA” you’ll ever hear.
Deitrick Haddon, 4/29, GOS, 3:55p: Singer songwriter, music producer, pastor, and actor, Deitrick Haddon is best known for progressive gospel and contemporary styles of music. He is also one of the cast members in Oxygen’s reality television show Preachers of L.A.
Erica Campbell of Mary Mary, 5/4, GOS, 3:45p: Contemporary gospel and R&B recording artist started her music career in 1998 with her younger sister, Tina Campbell, as part of the gospel group, Mary Mary. Her solo music career began in 2013 and has won a Grammy Award for Best Gospel Album. She is the host of Get Up! Mornings with Erica Campbell with comedian Griff, that airs on the Radio One show Urban Gospel.
Harry Connick, Jr., ACU, 5:25p: Talk show host, actor, Mardi Gras krewe founder and, of course, formidable jazz pianist and singer, Harry Connick Jr. needs no introduction. He’s one of New Orleans’ favorite sons and we’re excited to have him back at the Fair Grounds.
Jon Batiste & Stay Human, 4/29, ACU, 3:25p: This charismatic, New Orleans-born pianist was already at work redefining the boundaries of jazz and performance art with his band’s “love riots” and “social music” when Stephen Colbert tapped him for The Late Show. His Stay Human Band performs interactive shows fueled by audience participation and positivity. See feature in this issue.
Kermit Ruffins’ Tribute to Louis Armstrong, 5/7, ECO, 4:20p: Ruffins shows off his more serious side in this set devoted to his hero, Satchmo.
Maggie Koerner, 5/6, GEN, 11:20a: Koerner earned plenty of new fans when she held down the vocal role during a series of Galactic tours a few years back, but her powerful voice and intense stage presence make her solo shows equally exciting. See interview in this issue.
Miss Sophie Lee & the Parish Suites, 5/6, LAG, 12:55p: One of the proprietors of the Three Muses restaurants, Lee applies a sultry vocal style to her chosen mixture of swing and traditional jazz. Her latest CD Traverse This Universe shows off her songwriting as well as interpretive skills. Her video for “Lovely In That Dress” was nominated for a Best of the Beat Award in 2016.
Ms. Lisa Fischer & Grand Baton, 5/4, BLU, 5:45p: Lisa Fischer & Grand Baton’s music is an organic gumbo of progressive rock, psychedelic soul, and African, Middle Eastern, Caribbean rhythms and classical influences. Fischer is featured in the documentary Twenty Feet from Stardom, which shows a live performance of the song “Gimme Shelter” with Mick Jagger. Keith Richards says of Fischer, “has an amazing power, energy, and projection.” She won her first Grammy in 1991.
He says Japan's gift-giving tradition and particular culinary habits -- prizing seasonal and regional products -- were tapped into. But it wasn't until the early 2000s that KitKat in Japan began to show its true colors with a riotous expansion in flavors.
Ok, file created. Let's see if docker diff shows something now:
Even Brazile here, who obviously doesn't realize what she's saying, is admitting to discussing financial planning with one campaign (Hillary’s) and not another (Bernie’s) which implies Hillary was the chosen candidate and the primary in itself was a dog show to fool the masses.
<blockquote>”I wanted to believe Hillary, who made campaign finance reform part of her platform, but I had made this pledge to Bernie and did not want to disappoint him. I kept asking the party lawyers and the DNC staff to show me the agreements that the party had made for sharing the money they raised, but there was a lot of shuffling of feet and looking the other way.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I had tried to search out any other evidence of internal corruption that would show that the DNC was rigging the system to throw the primary to Hillary, but I could not find any in party affairs or among the staff. I had gone department by department, investigating individual conduct for evidence of skewed decisions, and I was happy to see that I had found none. Then I found this agreement.”</blockquote>
There’s something delightfully auteur about the wording of this announcement. It shows a guy who has fun with his work and clearly has a passion for it.
It shows in the items that I tasted, none better than the simple baguette I took home with me and enjoyed with some cheese. The outside was hard and crusty and the inside was fresh and fluffy.
On Monday, Dr. David Agus injected the media's regular hype about climate change into CBS This Morning's coverage of the outbreak of Enterovirus D68 in the U.S. and the Ebola crisis in Africa. The morning show brought on Dr. Agus to discuss the polio-like virus that has afflicted children across the country. Near the end of the segment, anchor Charlie Rose wondered, "So we have Ebola virus in Africa, and we now have this virus [Enterovirus D68]. What's going on?"
Moore described “Terms of My Surrender” as a entirely new piece, separate from the live show that was the subject of his film “Michael Moore in Trumpland.” He’ll respond to the news of the day during the show, and sometime incorporate guest appearances.
Although contemporary politics is relatively common in smaller-scale Off Broadway productions, its extremely rare for large-scale stage shows to tackle sitting presidents.
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
Before we even moved down here, we were like: let's do a truck. Before the whole craze. And then it was like you know what? Food carts to me are so passe. If I want a hot dog, I'll go to a baseball game. I don't want amusement park food or stuff that's like hey, I have a doughnut that's glazed with cheddar fondue and fried bacon. Give me a great glazed doughnut, show me that.
That's one thing we've seen since we've been in Austin, because we have an open kitchen. Just go out and eat and enjoy yourself! Some people are just going out to dinner and taking pictures of it just to post on Facebook? Come on! Just have fun with it! You wouldn't go into your dentist's office and do that! We get that all the time, people like 'Hey, I would do this if I were you!' You know what? I'm going to show up to your work early, complain that you didn't take me into your office early, and then tell you that I think your office should be rearranged.
A/B testing segments the users that come to a site into buckets, or cohorts, and show different versions of the site to different cohorts of users. One can show 50% of users one version of a site (version A) and 50% of users another version of a site (version B). After some amount of time we can see which version of the site performs better on various metrics (like Click Through Rate (CTR), conversions, or total revenue) and shift all of your traffic over to the better version. This can be repeated as we converge towards the best version of the site under the metric(s).
In his rookie season, Tavon Austin showed flashes of his brilliance on the field. Much more is expected of him in 2014, especially from coach Jeff Fisher:
How, then, did IBM show “up 14% year-to-year” profits in Q4 2013?
No wonder just last month Avon Products jettisoned a $100 million-plus ERP implementation that “did not show a clear return on investment.” For the record, SAP was the ERP system, with IBM WebSphere being used to build the “user interface,” such as it was. No wonder just last month Avon Products jettisoned a $100 million-plus ERP implementation that “did not show a clear return on investment.”For the record, SAP was the ERP system, with IBM WebSphere being used to build the “user interface,” such as it was.
In 1989 physicists Wolfgang Krätschmer, Konstantinos Fostiropoulos, and Donald R. Huffman observed unusual optical absorptions in thin films of carbon dust (soot). The soot had been generated by an arc-process between two graphite electrodes in a helium atmosphere where the electrode material evaporates and condenses forming soot in the quenching atmosphere. Among other features, the IR spectra of the soot showed four discrete bands in close agreement to those proposed for C 60 .[18][19]
Endohedral fullerenes show distinct and intriguing chemical properties that can be completely different from the encapsulated atom or molecule, as well as the fullerene itself. The encapsulated atoms have been shown to perform circular motions inside the C 60 cage, and its motion has been followed by using NMR spectroscopy.[42]
That's when a group of four to six strangers showed up and attempted to get inside the victim's home, police said. When the victim tried to stop them, the confrontation turned into a physical altercation.
The filing comes six months after the Center for Medical Progress released covertly recorded videos that purported to show Planned Parenthood officials seeking to make money from the sale of tissue from aborted fetuses to medical researchers, which is against the law.
7. Batgirl. For about a decade starting in 1999, the Batgirl mantle belonged to a Eurasian teenager named Cassandra Cain. Raised by assassins, Cassandra’s a broken soul who is eventually adopted into the Bat Family, at which point (I would argue) she becomes an Asian American. Her costume borrows a little too heavily from Michelle Pfeiffer’s Catwoman, but I have a soft spot for her. Weirdest fun fact about Cassandra Cain: She’s an English-as-a-second-language learner because her first language was body language. No joke. She has yet to show up in the newly rebooted DC Universe, but I imagine she will soon.
10. Green Turtle. Okay. This one’s self-serving, I admit. But if I didn’t genuinely love the Green Turtle, I wouldn’t have teamed up with Sonny Liew to revive him in our graphic novel The Shadow Hero. The Green Turtle was created in the 1940s by Chu Hing, one of the first Asian Americans in the industry. Though the evidence concerning his ethnicity is murky, the Green Turtle just might be the very first Asian American superhero. And that’s why I’m so into him. His existence shows that at the beginning of superheroes, this quintessentially American genre, Asian Americans were there.
Of Gordon’s many charts and graphs the one that impressed me most shows the growth in officially measured total factor productivity by decade from 1900 to the present, pictured above. It steadily escalates from 1900 to 1950 when productivity grew at almost 3.5 per cent and then unsteadily declines to the point where it has averaged well under 1 per cent in the generation since 1990.
“Quality improvements and new products are improving life in ways that do not show up in economic statistics”
Economic historians like Paul David have long noted that it took surprisingly long for the benefits of electricity to show up in the economic statistics. Creative destruction takes time. Think about a canonical major innovation like the supermarket. Initially when it is first introduced all the other shops remain in business with reduced volumes. Measured productivity—defined as total sales per retail worker—go down as employment in retailing rises and total sales remain roughly constant. Only with the passage of time and the closing of traditional shops will measured retail productivity increase. If this story is playing out in many different sectors on different rhythms, overall productivity growth could be relatively slow even as there is substantial job losses in sectors further along in the adjustment process.
While as already noted, I find Gordon persuasive in his claim that the slowdown in productivity growth is not a figment of mis-measurement, the fact that measured median incomes will be stagnant does not mean that most people will not see rising standards of living over time. Incomes rise as people get further into their careers. And quality improvements and new products are improving life in ways that do not show up in economic statistics, though possibly less so than in the past. So it would be a mistake to regard our children as condemned to economic stasis even before considering Gordon’s various ideas for accelerating growth.
We are surprised by how lousy today's set-top box software is. The user interface has barely changed in ten years. Searching through programs on hundreds of channels (and various on-demand listings) requires an immense amount of patience or muscle memory. And the set-top box shows no signs that it's connected to the same pipe as the Internet.
Browsing shows shouldn't just be a linear channel guide, but a real search experience, that's as visual as text-based.
Let subscribers send out the shows they're watching on Twitter. Let us watch what our Facebook friends are watching.
“The prosecutor might have surprised the government with his efficiency and professionalism, but he can’t bring justice to a gravely troubling, crumbling sense of justice and security here by himself,” one source seeking to remain anonymous told Al-Monitor. “This is clearly a set-up case to show to the Europeans that Turkey is doing it all by the book, but if you are really serious about understanding what is taking place on the ground, this should not fool you.”
But Brazil has been raising increasingly loud alarms about Zika. The virus only showed up there last year but it’s rapidly spread, carried by mosquitoes that bite infected people and carry it to others.
Crowdfunding online company GoFundMe has banned The Glazov Gang, a web-tv show that tells the truth about the threat from the Left and Islam, from accepting online donations.
While both prime ministers talked about the deal making history, the bitterness between the two top ministers was still on show at the press conference. Robinson declined to shake hands with McGuinness when invited to do so by a reporter.
Piper's key gimmick was "Piper's Pit," a mock talk show in which Piper would sit down with fellow wrestlers to talk out the issues of the day. Naturally, the talk lasted less than a minute before the fists flew. Here's a representative installment from 1984, where Piper interviewed Sgt. Slaughter:
Crowdholding was first conceived back in January 2016 between the three co-founders of the startup, from then on the startup has grown its product and size of its team. A working Beta was created back March 2017 and we have over 1200 users on the platform. Crowdholding moved towards a Initial coin offering as it was an opportunity to show the power of the crowd, receive feedback to improve user experience and keep control of our concept.
Strong customer service — We made sure that any curious visitor to the website were greeted with a someone from Crowdholding. If they had any doubts, questions or comments we were there to receive them and to reply back. This grows a strong relationship, and shows that we are here to advise and help.
Harold Camping, shown walking to his car after his "Open Forum" show on Family Radio in Oakland last year, had first predicted the rapture would occur on May 21, then on Oct. 21, 2011. Harold Camping, shown walking to his car after his "Open Forum" show on Family Radio in Oakland last year, had first predicted the rapture would occur on May 21, then on Oct. 21, 2011. Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Harold Camping, rapture prophet: 'We were wrong' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
After he was charged with murder, El Ammouri posted a $100,000 bail, authorities said. In November 1979 he failed to show up for court and was named in fugitive arrest warrants for murder and jumping bail.
I also don't like ads. I use an ad blocker on sites that show full screen ads or ads that may harm my computer. However when there is a site that I want to support, I will either allow ads or donate to them, as long as they don't hurt that trust.
And just as our presidential model gives more weight to surveys conducted by pollsters who have a good track record, I turned the 25-year accuracy rate for each of these award shows into scores, prioritizing awards by organizations whose voting members aligned with the members of the Academy (actors and directors, for instance) :
Julianne Moore has all but swept the best actress categories in any awards show worth a damn. While Marion Cotillard grabbed the New York Film Critics Circle award, Moore won in everything else she was a contender for.
New data released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics on Wednesday showed that somewhat more young people worked this summer than last, but their recovery remains slow. Employers are reluctant to hire teens even in the best of times. With unemployment still elevated and plenty of more experienced workers available for hire, companies see little reason to turn to inexperienced and at times unreliable high schoolers.
There certainly are immense moral challenges in this country, but aren’t they more along the lines of children who don’t get health care? Or school kids who don’t get the same opportunity in life because they go to third-rate inner-city schools? Or kids who are trafficked into a modern version of slavery? Or the need to raise the U.S. contribution to the Global Fund so that fewer people die around the world of AIDS, malaria and TB? Or working more energetically to end the brutal war in Congo and forestall the war that may be coming in South Sudan? It seems to me that there are plenty of genuine opportunities for Senator DeMint to get on his high horse, and I’d love to see him show some moral leadership. But discriminating against teachers on the basis of their private sexual conduct is pathetic and ludicrous — and, in my eyes, immoral to boot.
In addition to Smith's accuracy, he is also mobile, which head coach Bradley said (via Michael David Smith of Pro Football Talk) he wanted in a quarterback. Smith showed off his speed and athleticism at the scouting combine in February, where he ran the fastest 40-yard dash (4.59) among quarterbacks.
History also shows it pays off to take a quarterback high in the draft, as 12 of the last 16 Super Bowl-winning quarterbacks were drafted within the first 60 picks (including Steve Young in the 1984 supplemental draft).
Well, the successes clearly are protecting the homeland. We were under attack, and he brought — he unified the country and he showed dogged determination. And he kept us safe.
Behind the Queen, Lucian remains the prince. After this week he actually shows a small increase in his numbers, rising from 96% to 97% pick/ban and bringing his abysmal 31% to 33%.
Everyones favorite mid matchup showed up a few more times this week after a dip in week 2. Orianna vs Gragas has now shown up in 18% of all games this season. Orianna came back from a devastating first week and is now 4-2 against Gragas. It looks like the patch hasn’t affected their priority, we will see if Gragas can make a comeback before we hit the Round of 8.
Research shows that children with severe social, emotional or behavioural disorders are the least welcome of any student disability group. This is usually due to a lack of resources, impact on other students and parental disapproval. They are also over-represented in government schools.
One issue, and one that’s common for younger players, is that Brook needs to have a more consistent effort on a nightly basis. He shows flashes of high-end talent, like a great deke to beat a defender on a net drive, but he doesn’t use those abilities as often as someone of his skill level could be doing.
In an unprecedented show of solidarity across the political divide, civil society leaders and opposition politicians joined their former rival Dr Mahathir to sign a declaration backing his movement to seek the removal of Mr Najib.
"It's not about joining the opposition or joining any particular group. It's about citizens joining together to show support," he said.
Roy Sexton, a Saline resident, has been cast as one of the principals in “Legally Blonde the Musical,” a show that will be presented by the Farmington Players beginning April 26.
I met Wilson Chandra, a graduating senior, in the Composite Building Mac lab and he showed me his final year project (FYP). I recognized it immediately because it was one of the projects that received honorary mention in the annual FYP competition, getting the third place overall.
Built with a standard open source Apache server, the MySQL database is so widely supported that you can sync from practically any device or service. CloudNG therefore inherits great compatibility and the team built a detailed user guide on how any user can quickly sync up the data from their PCs, Macs, tablets or phones. You can even type in the address in the file explorer or finder of any PC/Mac, and your files would show up as if they are locally stored after a password prompt.
where $P$ is the proc rate (i.e. “2 rPPM”), $H$ is your haste modifier (which is the higher of your melee and spell haste; in practice this will always be our spell haste thanks to Seal of Insight and the 5% spell haste raid buff), and $T$ is the time since the last eligible proc source (in this case, the last time you dealt damage, healed someone, or missed/dodged/parried). It’s relatively simple to show that for one of these enchants, this gives an uptime of approximately:
The last edition of CartoonClack’s Batman Month is here. We left off with The Batman, which was not as popular as the DCAU Batman continuity but still lasted 4 seasons and over 50 episodes. The show did find it’s pacing in the later seasons when there was a definite lean towards lighthearted humor mixed with the action. I think it’s clear that DC’s animation department wanted to avoid copying Batman: The Animated Series because the Batman series that premiered in November of 2008 brought the goofy back to the Batman universe. Yes, we’ve come to Batman: The Brave and the Bold!
But the big difference between Batman and Robin and this show (which ran from 2008 — 2011 with 65 episodes) is that this show is actually incredibly funny … good funny, that is. The 22ish minute run time is just enough time to tell a tight, goofy story in a charming way. It doesn’t grate on you in the same way a two hour movie of this would. But more than that, the writing is just solid. It’s writing in a very particular style, but they did the style well and with deliberation. It even took the chance on a normal basis to have a character step back and comment on how ridiculous a situation was. In other words, the show and the audience is in on the joke and the joke is legitimately funny.
Unlike the other three shows featured during Batman Month, there aren’t many (or any) ongoing story lines. The large majority of the episodes are one shots. This makes the show incredibly difficult to analyze, at least difficult to analyze in the same way as the other shows I’ve reviewed this month. So, let’s talk about the main character a little and then I’ll go into a few of my favorite side characters, a few of my favorite episodes and how they fit into the whole series … sound good?
Similarly to The Batman, Brave and the Bold‘s Batman is like the rice in fried rice … it’s the main aspect of the dish and is certainly a good part of the dish but the different ingredients accompanying it are what stand out. You can certainly eat the white rice on its own, but the extra stuff gives it flavor. While the villains aren’t bad (depending on the episode), for me it’s really the sidekicks and superhero team-ups that make this show unique and fun. It was a clever move by DC — Batman is easily one of the most recognizable and popular superheroes, so bringing in the audience with this recognizable character and then introducing these various lesser known characters is smart.
What also works for the character that we haven’t seen in the other shows I’ve reviewed is this Dark Knight is rarely shown as Bruce Wayne … he still is Bruce Wayne and we do see him in civilian clothing sparingly, but his onscreen persona is almost entirely as THE BAT. Quiet, contemplative, bad ass but also a throwback to the Silver Age so he’s also pretty heavy on the puns. Most of the puns actually play like CSI: Miami one-liners, so his deep, grizzled straight man voice just makes the puns funnier. If you’ll believe it, he’s voice by a very serious Diedrich Bader of Drew Carrey fame.
But like I said before, Batman is the canvas of this show — let’s check out the paint.
Show me someone who publicly insists that the United States has an effective counterterrorism strategy, and I’ll show you someone who draws a paycheck from the U.S. government.
Loyalty to your employer is a fine thing, especially in a press spokesman, but outside the ranks of officials in President Barack Obama’s administration, experts are far more dubious about the heavy U.S. reliance on air power and targeted strikes. “The tactical, whack-a-mole approach is not having the desired effect,” my Foreign Policy colleague Micah Zenko told the New York Times. “Not having the desired effect” was a polite circumlocution: As Zenko recently noted for FP, State Department figures show a substantial recent uptick in global terrorism. In 2014, terrorist attacks increased 39 percent over the previous year, while the number of fatalities caused by terrorist attacks went up 83 percent.
There are numerous studies and articles, which show the inverse reaction of gold prices to a stock market crash. So, this 10 percent holding is somewhat of a hedge. This is intuitive. When the market crash happens, money flows from the stock market into gold and when it is over, the money flows back into the stock market. Stay the course and, if you have the stomach for it, as your 10 percent gold holding increases, sell it and buy the low valued stocks.
By analyzing these samples, we were able to identify and monitor a static URL hosted on the domain catch-cdn.com used by one Pony Loader sample to fetch the payload to install. While the filename downloaded was always the same (6.exe), we saw that its content varied in nature. We have seen three different malware families on this URL: Win32/Sirefef (aka. ZeroAccess), Win32/Urausy (detected by ESET as Win32/LockScreen) and Win32/Nymaim’s first stage. The following figure shows a timeline of which malware families were downloaded from this static URL over the course of the summer.
The first red square is hiding a simple register push. The next screenshot shows part of the function used to obfuscate this simple instruction.
All calls to the standard Win32 APIs are obfuscated. When a specific function needs to be called, the base address of the DLL containing the function is fetched from the encrypted data section. Each function in its export table is then hashed and compared to the hash of the function name it wants to call. The following screenshot shows the function responsible for computing the function name hash used in the comparison.
Adam shows us some ways he found useful when working with GenStage. Great read!
Following the results of the Crimean parliament's referendum, which showed that 96 percent of voters favored joining Russia, the region's parliament formally declared its independence from Ukraine on Monday.
I told HistoryMaker118 that I will open the package after I get back from holidays - this was yesterday and the photostory below shows my wonderful adventure. My kitten Lluan was very curious and personally examined each gift!
A little bit about Moab: Everyone has a second home and Moab happens to be ours. From jeeping to rock climbing to canyoneering and endless other activities, we've found our adult playground. Corona Arch is our swing set and just like our paddles, we've improved the design over the years so that its a flawless experience and not to mention very safe. We made a video a few years ago that shows what we like to do. (click the link) This is what some of our donors can have a chance of doing.
- I am experiencing an issue where the kill, hit and death notifications show up delayed (Yes / No): Yes
All kidding aside the Braves insist their unorthodox moves show how serious they are about contending again for a postseason spot.
In a way, the signings of Dickey and Colon show that the Braves' timetable for a return to postseason contention has been pushed up a bit, coinciding neatly with the move from Turner Field to a $622 million suburban stadium that anchors a massive complex of retail shops, restaurants, office space, residential areas and a hotel.
By mid-2016, she decided to specialize in one network in particular -- Dash -- which she finds to be the most technically and economically superior thus poised to gain strength, market-cap and influence. She named the new show Dash: Detailed.
Eden Hazard's form this season shows what can happen if a team's playmakers are truly liberated by their manager's tactics. Hazard is supported on the flanks at Chelsea by Marcos Alonso and Victor Moses, who cover a formidable amount of ground and allow him to dictate the play. Valencia and Shaw, at their best, can perform a similar function for Rashford and Martial, allowing them to stay closer to the penalty area and combine better with Pogba -- who, it must be noted, has completed more passes in the final third than any other central midfielder in Europe this season. The more these three are able to play off each other, the better.
Another thing that Jones mentioned she was grateful for was the platform this kind of show gave to women everywhere.
Map shows median household income by census tract in 2015. Click on an area for details.
A new image from ESO’s La Silla Observatory in Chile shows the spectacular globular star cluster Messier 4. This ball of tens of thousands of ancient stars is one of the closest and most studied of the globular clusters and recent work has revealed that one of its stars has strange and unexpected properties, apparently possessing the secret of eternal youth.
The Milky Way galaxy is orbited by more than 150 globular star clusters that date back to the distant past of the Universe (eso1141). One of the closest to the Earth is the cluster Messier 4 (also known as NGC 6121) in the constellation of Scorpius (The Scorpion). This bright object can be easily seen in binoculars, close to the bright red star Antares, and a small amateur telescope can show some of its constituent stars.
This new image of the cluster from the Wide Field Imager (WFI) on the MPG/ESO 2.2-metre telescope at ESO’s La Silla Observatory reveals many more of the cluster’s tens of thousands of stars and shows the cluster against the rich background of the Milky Way.
As more of these systems-in-package reach the market, there is more history to show what can go wrong and more data on how to fix problems or avoid them in the first place. This is a prerequisite for building economies of scale into the design through manufacturing process.
Referring to clashes between police and protesters during marches in the Loop Saturday night, the video said "let us unite and show the violent Chicago police and the government big brother tactic’s (sic) that we are not gonna take this."
The video released on Facebook shows more clearly that White was limp and unresponsive when officers yelled at the K-9 to “Get him!” One cop continued to inflict blows to White’s body as the dog mauled his face, chest and arms.
At no point in the video does Phillip White show any sign of consciousness, let alone resisting arrest.
Much of SOD's work is considered confidential and according to Shiffman and Cooke, documents from the program show that law enforcement officers have been instructed to obscure SOD's involvement in cases, through something called "parallel construction." That's where police have to "recreate" investigations along a different track from the original tip, in order to wipe SOD's fingerprints from the case.
The murder took place Monday, early morning in a wealthy neighborhood in Ecatepec, not far from Mexico City. Breitbart Texas obtained a copy of the video that shows when the assassin, wearing black clothing, runs up to Judge Vicente Bermudez in order to shoot him in the head.
The video purports to show Bermudez collapse after being shot. The assassin simply turns around and runs away thereafter. Another man in dark pants and a white shirt appears to run alongside the assassin. Bermudez had been jogging without any security escort at the time of his murder. The video does not reveal the type of pistol used by the assassin. Unlike the United States, the purchase of weapons is controlled by the Mexican Army. Currently, Mexican citizens can only purchase hunting weapons such as bolt-action rifles, pump shotguns and .22 caliber pistols. Only criminals, military, and police forces carry weapons in Mexico.
Jenny finds herself disgusted by the stoned lethargy of the household and Stoney’s indifference. She finds little comfort with Dave, The Love Guru, who himself is painted as a hypocrite. The sexism of the day is still manifest, especially when Stoney shows up and gives her an ugly harangue, even though he’s the one who blew her off. Angered, she ends up taking the dangerous speed/acid drug, STP, offered by Dave, just as Stoney finds her brother Steve, played by Bruce Dern (in a wild, stringy mane wig). I like it when Dern is babbling about his fiery visions, and Nicholson cuts him off with, “You’re a little high.” But Dern gets a good scene to himself as he tells Stoney exactly how Jenny became deaf.
Despite the cultural baggage, PSYCH-OUT is actually flat-out enjoyable, moreso than you might think. If you want to be limited in your thinking, you can watch the movie to laugh at the dirty hippies. Or you can find pleasure in a team of young artists working on a budget to create a work of period artfulness that would reflect their later work. There’s also a terrific score by Ronald Stein with memorable songs by The Strawberry Alarm Clock (who I got to sign my LP soundtrack at the Mods & Rockers Film fest) and The Seeds. Anybody interested in sixties cinema can find pleasure here. When I praised PSYCH-OUT to Jaglom, he said, “But it’s still an exploitation film.” I said, “But one more honest and adventurous than the others.” And I think it is. The movie also shows the roots of the discord and violence that would reflect the less loving year of 1968.
CNN reported on Monday that financial disclosures show Price invested in a medical device manufacturer days before introducing a bill that would benefit that company. Democrats including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer have called for an investigation into whether Price may have violated the law.
Tasmanian Liberal backbencher Andrew Nikolic has written an email to his Coalition colleagues calling on them not to show the same signs of "ill-disciplined introspection" that beset the former Labor government.
That hasn't stopped The Hacktory from moving forward with an alternate plan (with the official blessing of Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter no less). "This is our time to show the world how great Philly is, how much talent we have here, and break this curse of the bad reputation!" the group wrote in an announcement page for its HitchBOT mini-hackathon happening Thursday, August 6. Rather than build a replica HitchBOT, the event will have a looser objective of "creative and fun responses to this series of events," and the announcement page includes requests for specific skills and parts. While that list reads like the kind of stuff you'd put in a HitchBOT replacement, we'll just have to wait and see what Philly's craziest hackers come up with by the end of Thursday.
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
They initially said they expected to sell 40,000 tickets by March 31. That number was later lowered to 20,000, but the “private island” bit was left in all the marketing materials. After tickets had been sold, the company abruptly changed the lodging options from a “rustic lodge” tent picture in renderings to the FEMA-style tents that were standing there when attendees showed up.
The groups involved today were: Maidan Self-Defence, which took on a coordinating role in the protests in Kyiv and locally, but now seems to be some kind of semi-paramilitary gang of camouflaged men; Right Sector, who locally at least are basically UNA-UNSO, a paramilitary group, plus the youth organisation Tryzub (Trident); and Automaidan, with the Kalush branch most evident today. Very few police, beyond traffic cops blocking the street, were visible when I passed about 13:30 this afternoon, although the media show that many uniformed officers did come out to declare that “the police are with the people”. (The photo reportage linked to here also manages to be typically sexist towards female police officers) It’s not clear what intention the police had with this statement, although since most have declared loyalty to the new head it was presumably a rejection of the “activists'” attempts to appropriate the voice of the people of Ivano-Frankivsk region.
“It was tricky and involved many rewrites,” says Berry. “I think the scene was more difficult for Sam than it was for me. The audience needs to buy that Jamie would do anything to ensure the safety of his son, including sacrificing his dignity by allowing Grey to essentially rape him. Whereas the book has the benefit of several hundred pages to flesh out this conflict, in the show it’s condensed into only a couple of short scenes. It was important for both Sam and I to endow Jamie’s proposal with as much sincerity as possible so that we could then subvert the expectations of the audience when Grey rejects him. And for Grey it was important for the rejection not to seem cruel but come from a place of honor and compassion for Jamie. This helps the audience to understand the depth of their friendship. Grey loves Jamie but would never abuse or transgress his friendship with Jamie for his own selfish purposes.”
Dyer's son (J.R.) testified that one day as the crew drove through Villisca, Sawyer told him he would show J.R. where the man who killed the Moore family got out of town. He said the man that did the job jumped over a manure box which he pointed out about 1½ blocks away, and then showed where he crossed the railroad track. J.R. said there were footprints in the soggy ground north of the embankment. Sawyer told J.R. to look on the other side of the car and said he would show him an old tree where the murderer stepped into the creek. According to J.R. Dyer, he looked over and saw such a tree south of the track about four blocks away.
Henry Lee Moore was a suspected serial killer (who was not related to the slain Moore family) who was convicted of the murder of his mother and grandmother several months after the murders in Villisca, his weapon of choice being an axe. Before and after the murders in Villisca, the very similar axe murders on his mother and grandmother were committed, and all of the cases showed striking similarities, leading to strong suspicion that some, or all of the crimes were committed by an axe-murdering serial killer and, just like "Blackie" Mansfield, the axe-murdering Henry Moore can also be considered a suspect in some of these slayings.[6]
The launch attracted representation from all of the political parties. Labour had a full contingent, the Greens were well represented with David Clendon, Steffan Browning and Jan Logie attending, and New Zealand First’s latest MP Ria Bond came all the way from Invercargill to be present. The Maori Party’s Marama Fox was there. Even Act’s David Seymour turned up. He gave a rather bizarre speech about the importance of liberty but at least he showed up. National was represented by Alfred Ngaro who spoiled the effect by turning up late but again at least he was there.
“This study shows that URMC-099 has the potential to reduce the frequency of HIV therapy, which would eliminate the burden of daily treatment, greatly increase compliance and help people better manage the disease,” Gelbard said to Futurity.org.
I feel like Marie Reyes is the Kim D of Real Housewives of Dallas. She brings nothing to the show and does whatever she can to get attention.
Then Marie proves once again that she disillusioned by the level of “fame” that she has when she wrote, “The notion that I bought the Internet and or employ trolls to attack anyone on the show is simply ridiculous. By now everyone should know that if I have something to say I’m pretty direct and at no loss for words via my blog or live during my after show periscope.” No one thinks that Marie would be able to “buy the internet.” As far as random trolls go, I bet that they are just a series of accounts that Marie has the password to. And I have no idea who this “everyone” she is referring to in regard to the readers of her social media content and blog. She is not even a Housewife – I can’t stress that enough.
EU DEMANDS IMPROVEMENTS TO U.S. TISA OFFER: A leaked document obtained by POLITICO shows that the EU has a list of complaints about the United States’ market access offer in the Trade in Services Agreement, throwing into question whether the deal can be concluded by the end of the year, as the U.S. hopes.
While Brussels has drawn fire over the limitations of its market access offer in TISA negotiations, the document shows the EU has some complaints of its own. The 23 participants involved in the talks are scheduled to exchange revised offers by October.
A major rail infrastructure project was completed in Switzerland last year. The opening of the Gotthard base tunnel, which at a length of 57 km is the world’s longest railway tunnel, shows that pioneering achievements are still possible in the 21st century. This link through the Alps has brought northern and southern Europe closer together. People and goods are able to reach their destination quicker.
This week, President Trump showed once again that, unlike his predecessor, he reads the fine print, and is not swayed by the unscientific blather of the internationalists who use fine talk to cover power-grabbing, anti-Americanism, and corruption.
Kyle Smith shows us how far removed from reality Hillary has become and why:
Daniel Cormier won the Strikeforce Heavyweight Grand Prix and after he beats journeyman Dion Staring into a pulp on Saturday night, he’ll cross over to the UFC an make an immediate impact in the heavyweight division. Cormier has already expressed an interested in fighting former champ Frank Mir at the UFC on FOX 7 show in his native San Jose this April, so if Mir is healthy by then this fight makes perfect sense. Should Cormier defeat Mir in impressive fashion, there’s no doubting that he’ll be ready for a shot at the UFC heavyweight title. Yes, it’s presently owned by his teammate at AKA Cain Velasquez, but there’s no guarantee that Velasquez holds the belt six months from now, because he has Alistair Overeem waiting in the wings as a challenger, as well as a possible trilogy fight against Junior dos Santos should Overeem fall to Antonio “Bigfoot” Silva at UFC 156.
Elections Canada says 127 polling stations out of 15,262 across Canada moved locations during the campaign period. The list shows polls moving in 65 of Canada's 308 ridings.
But it takes more than talent to ignite this once fiery rivalry. As Mike Vaccaro wrote in his New York Post article, they are missing a necessary four letter word; hate. Hate is what drove this rivalry from good to great, from “exciting” baseball to “must watch” baseball. We need to see more hate. We need Aaron Judge to get into a fight with Sandy Leon after being intentionally throw at by Drew Pomeranz. We need Clint Frazier to slap the ball out of Rick Porcello’s hand in the late innings of a playoff game. We need Chris Sale to shove Tony Pena to the ground in the middle of a benches clearing brawl. We need boos and f*ck you’s. You take all of that and combine it with game changing plays, intense divisional matches, and all-or-nothing playoff scenarios, and you will see the fire return. This is what Boston and New York fans have been waiting for. Just show us a little hate coupled with competitive baseball and we’ll take care of the rest. We’ve been itching for this.
Conclusions Available evidence from randomized controlled trials shows that replacement of saturated fat in the diet with linoleic acid effectively lowers serum cholesterol but does not support the hypothesis that this translates to a lower risk of death from coronary heart disease or all causes. Findings from the Minnesota Coronary Experiment add to growing evidence that incomplete publication has contributed to overestimation of the benefits of replacing saturated fat with vegetable oils rich in linoleic acid.
Results The intervention group had significant reduction in serum cholesterol compared with controls (mean change from baseline −13.8% v −1.0%; P<0.001). Kaplan Meier graphs showed no mortality benefit for the intervention group in the full randomized cohort or for any prespecified subgroup. There was a 22% higher risk of death for each 30 mg/dL (0.78 mmol/L) reduction in serum cholesterol in covariate adjusted Cox regression models (hazard ratio 1.22, 95% confidence interval 1.14 to 1.32; P<0.001). There was no evidence of benefit in the intervention group for coronary atherosclerosis or myocardial infarcts. Systematic review identified five randomized controlled trials for inclusion (n=10 808). In meta-analyses, these cholesterol lowering interventions showed no evidence of benefit on mortality from coronary heart disease (1.13, 0.83 to 1.54) or all cause mortality (1.07, 0.90 to 1.27).
Only a handful of randomized controlled trials have ever causally tested the traditional diet-heart hypothesis. The results for two of these trials were not fully reported. Our recovery and 2013 publication of previously unpublished data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study (SDHS, 1966-73) belatedly showed that replacement of saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid significantly increased the risks of death from coronary heart disease and all causes, despite lowering serum cholesterol. 14 Our recovery of unpublished documents and raw data from another diet-heart trial, the Minnesota Coronary Experiment, provided us with an opportunity to further evaluate this issue.
Fig 1 Traditional diet-heart hypothesis. Solid line indicates that causal relation has been established by randomized controlled trials (A); dashed lines indicate that no causal relation has been established (B and C). A=randomized controlled trials show that replacement of saturated fat with vegetable oils rich in linoleic acid lowers serum total cholesterol and LDL; B=intermediate endpoints related to serum cholesterol are robustly associated with risk of coronary heart disease events and deaths in observational studies; C= randomized controlled trials have tested whether replacement of saturated fat with linoleic acid reduces coronary heart disease events or deaths; none have shown significant benefit
Fig 5 Risk of death from any cause by diet assignment in full MCE cohort and prespecified subgroups (Kaplan Meier life table graphs of cumulative mortality). Graphical depiction of cumulative mortality in full MCE cohort (n=9423) and prespecified subgroups in 1981 Broste thesis 7 showed no indication of benefit and suggested possibility of unfavorable effects of serum cholesterol lowering intervention among participants aged ≥65. Patient level data needed to repeat this analysis were not recovered
To our knowledge, the most complete analysis comparing mortality in the intervention versus control group was reported in the Broste thesis. 7 This included Kaplan Meier life table graphs for cumulative mortality for the full MCE cohort, and for each prespecified subgroup (fig 5 ⇓ ). These life table graphs confirm that there was no mortality benefit in the full MCE cohort. Moreover, the life table for the cohort aged ≥65 (fig 5 ⇓ ) suggests the possibility of an increased risk of death for the intervention group compared with controls. In the thesis, Broste noted “the excess mortality in the diet group seems to have been confined primarily to patients 65 or older.” 7 In the absence of the raw data, however, we cannot determine the statistical significance of this finding. A survival analysis that was presented in the 1989 manuscript 15 also showed no mortality benefit in the full MCE population (subgroup analyses were not reported). Thus, collective data from the 1989 publication and 1981 Broste thesis provide no evidence for mortality benefit and suggest the possibility of increased risk of death in older adults.
Characteristics of the full MCE population are reported in the 1981 Broste thesis (n=9423; http://www.psych.uic.edu/download/Broste_thesis_1981.pdf ) Table 3 ⇓ shows characteristics of the serum cholesterol cohort (n=2355) who received the diets for a year or more. The intervention and control groups were well balanced at baseline, with no detectable differences in any of the recovered variables. The age ranged from 20 to 97, with a mean age of 52. Slightly more than half were women, and 25% were aged 65 or older. Average BMI was 24.5 and average serum cholesterol concentration was 208 mg/dL (to convert from mg/dL to mmol/L, divide by 38.67 (for example, 208 mg/dL /38.67 = 5.39 mmol/L)). Mean follow-up for participants in this cohort was 2.9 years (median 3.1 years).
The traditional diet-heart hypothesis predicts that replacing saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid will reduce coronary heart disease events and deaths by lowering serum cholesterol. Many studies have yielded results consistent with pieces of this hypothesis. The clinical benefits of these serum cholesterol lowering diets, however, have never been causally demonstrated in a randomized controlled trial and thus remain uncertain. We have recovered previously unpublished data from two landmark trials that were designed to provide causal evidence to support the diet-heart hypothesis. In a prior publication, we reported that the Sydney Diet Heart Study intervention group had an increased risk of death from coronary heart disease and all causes, despite a significant reduction in serum cholesterol.14 The present analysis of MCE data examines missing links along the proposed causal chain of events linking dietary linoleic acid to serum cholesterol and to clinical outcomes. Though the MCE intervention effectively lowered serum cholesterol in all prespecified subgroups, there was no clinical benefit in any group. Paradoxically, MCE participants who had greater reduction in serum cholesterol had a higher rather than a lower risk of death. In addition, the MCE intervention group did not have less atherosclerosis or fewer infarcts at autopsy. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials that specifically tested replacement of saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid showed no indication of benefit. Thus, collective findings from randomized controlled trials do not provide support for the central diet-heart tenet that the serum cholesterol lowering effects of replacing saturated fat with linoleic acid translate to lower risk of coronary heart disease or death.
Limited and inconsistent evidence from non-randomized studies While the randomized controlled trial is the only study design that can show a cause and effect relation, observational cohort studies can be used to investigate longer term exposures than are typically feasible in randomized controlled trials.31 Limitations of observational studies (for example, healthy consumer bias), however, can sometimes distort,31 32 33 or even reverse,34 35 36 true associations. Self reported intake of foods that are often high in linoleic acid was associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease in two large prospective observational cohorts of US health professionals37 38 and in one pooled analysis of several cohorts.39 Other large prospective observational studies40 and another pooled analysis,41 however, found no association. Similar inconsistent associations between circulating linoleic acid and risk of coronary heart disease have been reported,42 43 with pooled analysis showing no association.41 Ecological associations between linoleic acid intake and coronary heart disease have also been cited to support the diet-heart hypothesis.44 These associations, however, are subject to important confounders and are wholly dependent on the timeframe selected (fig B, appendix). Thus, the conclusions that can be drawn from non-randomized studies on this topic are limited. Together with the lack of support from randomized controlled trials (after recovery of data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study and MCE), the totality of evidence no longer provides support for the traditional diet-heart hypothesis.
Trying to prove that she still had her moves, the star better known as Lyn May performed on talk show Sale el Sol.
Footage of the show shows her wearing a revealing red bra and skirt as she shimmies around and flicks her hair back and forth.
Footage of the show shows her wearing a revealing red bra and skirt as she shimmies around and flicks her hair back and forth
She recalled how she was doing a routine once when her hot pants fell down during a show in Aguascalientes, Mexico.
A hydrometer measurement at this point showed the wort was sitting at a respectable 1.052 OG, a couple points higher than expected. Two tears in a bucket…
Hydrometer measurements 13 days post-pitch showed the WLP833 beer was at 1.012 SG while the WLP838 beer was at 1.013 SG, the former presenting as much hazier with less perceivable sulfur in the aroma than the WLP838 beer
Did the WTF ending of the first Insidious leave you confused? Director James Wan is back to show what happens next. How on Earth can this family survive after what happened the first time around?
“Many smart D.C. lawyers are going to try to show that EPA is stretching beyond the confines of the law,” he says, “and they could win.”
Historic photos show a mix of sailors, office workers, street people and tourists visiting the park. It once housed a weather station and a visitor center, and there was a set of restrooms underground just to the south.
The satellite photos appear to show Russian vehicles and troops in numerous locations. NATO officials said that the first image below shows a convoy with self-propelled artillery in the area of Krasnodon, Ukraine, inside territory controlled by Russian-backed separatists on Aug. 21. The Ukrainian military has not moved this far inside separatist-controlled territory, so NATO officials said they are confident the equipment is Russian:
This second image shows Russian artillery units setting up positions in Krasnodon, NATO officials said. Vehicles believed to be carrying ammunition and supplies are alongside them.
The image below shows shows a staging area for military equipment on the Russian side of the border, near Rostov-on-Don, NATO said. It appears to be about 31 miles from the border crossing in Dovzhansky, Ukraine.
The photo below, to the left, was taken June 19, and shows the area mostly empty. The photo to the right was taken Aug. 20, and shows Russian tanks, armored personnel carriers, trucks and tents, NATO officials said. Russia is said to have set up similar encampments on other areas of the border:
NATO says this next photo, taken July 23, appears to show six Russian 153mm artillery guns in Russian near Kuybyshevo. It’s four miles south of the Ukrainian border, within range of dropping shells over the border. The guns are pointed north, toward Ukraine, NATO says.
NATO says this last photo, below, shows a wider view of the guns in the previous image. The firing positions of the artillery pieces are circled in red, and indicate “it would be impossible NOT to fire into Ukrainian territory,” NATO says.
Louis Cyr’s circus shows soon became legendary and his name was plastered over newspaper headlines up and down the country.
This last show of strength is an achievement that no-one has ever come close to replicating.
What's most baffling about the way that Dark Tower unfolds on the big screen is that it's clearly designed to be the first chapter in a longer filmed series. On Thursday, The Hollywood Reporter broke the news that the Dark Tower TV series now has a showrunner. The plan has always been for a show to follow the first movie (before once again shifting back to another film), but even if Dark Tower always planned to shift from film to TV, it's hard to grasp why the film isn't just a direct adaptation of The Gunslinger, the opening salvo in the franchise, as opposed to something that sometimes calls to mind The Last Action Hero, with a larger-than-life hero reacting as a fish-out-of-water to the way that the real world operates. The resulting film is strangely, painfully lifeless outside of the gruff and firm performance from Elba as Roland. It may seem impossible to imagine a film where McConaughey appears less seductively charismatic than flat-out bored, but even in a role of innate cruelty and villainy, that's what you get from him, and from the film itself.
In April, a telephone conversation between two Russian ambassadors was posted on YouTube and appeared to show the diplomats joking about the Ukraine crisis and discussing the possible incursions in the United States and Eastern Europe.
Videos circulated online show the man in blood as the tiger snatched him.
Contrary to the consultants’ claims, however, empirical research conducted by political scientists shows that such advertising campaigns are not nearly as effective as many donors have been led to believe—especially in presidential campaigns.
1. Research shows that almost half of all political ads are completely ignored and those that are watched do not change opinions.
The just-concluded Republican presidential primary also showed that spending big has basically nothing to do with actually winning. Despite spending far less than his rivals, businessman Donald Trump was able to clinch the nomination with a vote percentage just slightly lower than Mitt Romney did in 2012.
Even though I’m high on Bernier, I believe there are many good goalies and it shows in his ranking. He can be a number one goalie, and this season is his time to shine. This may have been the only good move Toronto made this off season (It was).
Young and Kane are a study in contrast. While Young was born into poverty, Kane was born (in his own words) “with the gold spoon in my mouth, to station and influence and respectability.” While Young was regarded as a prophet by his fellow Mormons, Kane was a religious skeptic. They were in many ways an odd pair: the pragmatic prophet and the quixotic reformer, the millenarian who spoke in tongues and the skeptic of organized religion, the Yankee from humble origins and the aristocratic Pennsylvanian. Even their writing styles show their differences; Kane’s sentences can be learned, polished, and sometimes written in a complex manner. In contrast, Young’s style is more direct and pulsates with energy.
He was defining ‘British values’ as deference to Britain’s ruling-class institutions. To them, if you don’t show that deference to the institutions that rule you, not only are you not British, you in fact hate Britain itself, enough to leave “an evil legacy.” Which is ultra-conservative ‘cult of the pharoah’ stuff, but at least gives us an answer for what these values we’re so often preached to about actually consist of; we now have at least one view on what they are that we can categorically reject. And not only is this the only explanation of substance that I have ever heard, it does make sense as a definition. Those institutions which put the ‘Great’ into ‘Great Britain’, long may they rule over us, may represent the exact opposite of the values of a lefty like me, but they were the real decision-making architects of the Empire. Whether we want to be or not, being ruled over by them is definitively what every British person has in common.
Values are essential, they can and often do mean something. I’ve recently had cause to try and re-assess what my own values could be. For one aspect of my life it’s quite simple. I’m a musician, and since my early teens my approach to the music I’ve made has always been informed by the values of punk, even if the music itself isn’t traditional punk rock. Here’s the way that I see them; you can Do It Yourself, rough edges show your character so are a welcome and happy accident rather than a mistake, the influence or aspiration to money or fame should be distrusted, please yourself with anything you do first and foremost, if what you do starts provoking or rubbing people up the wrong way that should be embraced, and that a general anti-authoritarianism should be accompanying all of this. I often feel old fashioned when I say stuff like that, but when any of these values are challenged that’s usually the basis for me disapproving of other music, if I do.
Yesterday, news broke of a settlement and a sealed ruling by jury in the case initiated by Ray William Johnson against Jukin Media. At the outset, Johnson sued Jukin Media for inappropriately flagging his content and hitting him with copyright claims for clips used in his highly popular show “=3”. Jukin Media countered but did not win its attempts at getting a summary judgement from the presiding Judge Stephen V. Wilson. Summary judgement is a particular ruling in the courts that is decided upon by the judge according to terms of the law versus factual or evidentiary support, i.e. a judge can determine if an action was unlawful versus sending it to trial. In the Fall of 2015, Judge Wilson ruled against summary judgement pushing the case to trial.
While on the opposing side, Jukin Media’s lawyer Jessica Grant pushed the jury to see Johnson as a thief who, despite claiming that his show was for entertainment and not for profit, was making money on the backs of individuals whose rights for revenue were being compromised by Johnson’s thievery.
“This is a case where the creator takes a video, makes money from it and doesn’t pay a penny [to the owner],” she said in her opening statements. “Without these videos, his show wouldn’t even exist.”
And that is the kicker to the entire case. Effectively, with this settlement, Ray William Johnson could no longer have a viable show format unless he decides to pay a licensing fee to every owner of the clips he uses in the show, going forward. His entire business model revolves around low production budget, high views, and in turn, high dollar margins from ad revenues. License fees cut the profits, not to mention the legal team needed to execute those agreements on behalf of the show.
Autonomous ships are nothing new. DARPA worked with Leidos to design and build an autonomous ship for quietly tracking submarines. The proof of concept showed that operation of the craft was significantly less expensive than its manned counterparts.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
“Having identity documents that accurately reflect who you are is vital in so many areas of everyday life — from applying for a job to exercising our rights at the ballot box. Many of us wouldn’t think twice when asked to show our ID, but this is a very serious issue for transgender people.” – Masen Davis, Executive Director
While the show is going on people behind the scenes are already planning ahead, thinking about the near and far future, adapting to any challenges that might come up. One of the people primarily responsible for the direction of the esports side of SC2 is Kim Phan. She is responsible for managing the monstrous eSport machinery of Blizzard Entertainment, a beast not easily tamed or satisfied, as new tastes and flavours fall in and out of trend and new challenges arise daily.
One reason is: How do we grow pro players and give them the chance to shine and to show they truly are skilled? It’s wonderful to see all the best players of the world play and not just Korea—certainly the best of the best in StarCraft is in Korea, no doubt about it—, but there is a best of the best in StarCraft all over the world as well and we wanted to be able to put a spotlight on that, and I think that influenced our changes significantly. And at the same time we want people to realize that Korea is the best and we didn’t do a good job previously of promoting the tournaments in Korea, because it’s in a different time zone, in the west it’s really hard to follow—and those are the things we wanted to do better for Korea to really put a spotlight on ‘this is where the best players are, if you want to compete with the best, this is the place to go’. So WCS Korea is still open to everybody, is still a global tournament, but the reality of 'doing really well' is competing against the big bosses again and again. We want to rebroadcast it, talk about the stories more, tell people more about the players. Because if you have it mixed together it’s harder to follow the story. So you can’t really follow the stories of the other local heroes, because they’re not getting a chance to rise. It’s just too much to cover to keep it clear.
TL.net: Thank you very much for your time, we wish you the best in the future, please try to show good systems and we will cheer for you!
While the show is going on people behind the scenes are already planning ahead, thinking about the near and far future, adapting to any challenges that might come up. One of the people primarily responsible for the direction of the esports side of SC2 is Kim Phan. She is responsible for managing the monstrous eSport machinery of Blizzard Entertainment, a beast not easily tamed or satisfied, as new tastes and flavours fall in and out of trend and new challenges arise daily.We were able to spend some time with Kim Phan at the WCS Circuit: Winter Championship in Katowice, Poland, to talk about one great part of this machinery: the World Championship Series.
Long Live Starcraft! Its nice to see these little things that show that Blizzard really does careThanks for taking the time to interview her (TripleM), and thanks to Kim Pham for taking the time to talk to the community.Long Live Starcraft! $O$ | soO
NinjaToss Profile Blog Joined October 2015 Austria 1378 Posts #6 I know KeSPA is actually doing some amateur SCII league and it's casted by Canata and he post the games in his channel. It's really nice of Blizzard to show us that they cares, sometimes it's all that matters I'm sorry for all those that got their hearts broken by Zest | Zest, Bisu, soO, herO, MC, Maru, TY, Rogue, Trap, TaeJa", Favourite foreigners: ShoWTimE, Snute, Serral and Nerchio| KT BEST KT |
These kind of photos capture timeless moments, telling a story we can all relate to. And then posted online because, you know, why keep that intimate moment to yourself when you can show everyone what a great time you’re having? “Mmm sweetie, this is so delicious, you have to try some! Here, open wide…”
How about other cute couple scenarios? Such as the classic picnic in the park. The guy falls asleep after their picnic lunch, and the girlfriend gets bored and amuses herself taking silly pics of him napping. She can’t wait to show him as soon as he wakes up! He’ll probably pretend to be annoyed, and they’ll have a little tussle…
Turnbull showed little emotion, but appeared to shake his head slightly as the jury left the courtroom.
"We're being told something that they think they have it figured out, yet nobody's really showed us how this happened,” Kemp said. "We need to know."
In an account provided to Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) in June — but made public only last week — the whistleblower said Alex Copson, a top official at ACU Strategic Partners, bragged on Inauguration Day about his relationship with Flynn, at one point flipping around his phone to reveal the text about the deal to build nuclear plants across the Middle East. The whistleblower also said Copson said sanctions against Russia would be “ripped up” to make room for the deal. But in a letter to Cummings dated Friday, Thomas Cochran, a top ACU official, said the whistleblower’s account was inaccurate, attaching AT&T phone records that he said show Copson did not get a text from Flynn that day. […] He said that text was from a friend who attended the same function where the whistleblower claimed to witness Copson’s boasting.
Speculation is often thrown around about what kind of hidden gems are lurking at the Nike campus in Beaverton, OR. This inside look at CEO Mark Parker's office should give you a give idea of just what sort of crazy Nike memorabilia and history is housed at the Nike headquarters. Parker's office is jam packed with a frenzied collection of art and shoes that manifests all of the various influences and iterations of the Nike lineage. Unreleased samples, one off promo materials, and classic models are found in the various nooks of the room alongside sculptures and scraps of the Nike story. This baffling gallery of photos really shows how much the business heads at Nike stay grounded in the company's roots of innovative design. Continue reading to take a look at the rest of this photo set, and then head over to Whitewall to read their interview with Mark Parker. via: fubiz
The report was very clear in its conclusions: ““All the evidence we present in this report shows that Greece not only does not have the ability to pay this debt, but also should not pay this debt first and foremost because the debt emerging from the Troika’s arrangements is a direct infringement of the fundamental human rights of the residents of Greece. Hence, we came to the conclusion that Greece should not pay this debt because it is illegal, illegitimate and odious.” (Link). Now the government has committed itself to further austerity measures in order to continue paying this very same debt.
“Long-term ocean monitoring shows that oxygen concentrations in the ocean have declined during the 20th century, and the new IPCC 5th Assessment Report (AR5 WG1) predicts that they will decrease by 3-6% during the 21st century in response to surface warming,” the website explains. “While 3-6% doesn’t seem like much, this decrease will be felt acutely in hypoxic and suboxic areas, where oxygen is already limiting. […] To put this in context, a highly optimistic emissions scenario of atmospheric CO2 levels of 550 ppm by 2100 would lead to a 1.2°C warming of the upper ocean. Therefore, these declines in oxygen are changes we should be prepared to see.”
My biofilm was reduced. When I went to the dentist, he said my mouth shows no signs of dryness damage (woo hoo!).
“Key West is very happy to be putting in the first thermoplastic permanent rainbow crosswalks in the state of Florida,” said Mayor Craig Cates. “It means so much to Key West to show our diversity, and also it goes perfectly with our ‘One Human Family’ motto.”
An Oxford University study shows fathers who are more emotionally involved have better behaved children 11 years on
Harriet Connable, a wealthy Torontonian who was vacationing in Petoskey with her husband, Ralph, was so moved by Hemingway’s speech at the women’s club that she asked if he would consider staying at the couple’s mansion in Toronto. Harriet believed that the courage and pluck Hemingway showed in recovering from his leg injury might serve as an inspiration to her invalid son, Ralph Jr., and so she offered him a position as the boy’s caretaker and mentor while she and Ralph Sr. travelled to Florida on holiday. Through the elder Ralph’s business connections, Hemingway was able to secure a job writing features for the Star Weekly.
By May of 1920, Hemingway had fulfilled his duties as Ralph Connable Jr.’s nanny, and, free of his charge, he decided to go back to the cottage in Michigan. He continued to write features for the Star, including one entitled “The Hamilton Gag,” which offers a glimpse of what passed for humour in postwar Toronto. According to the article, every musical show in every theatre in the city would include what Hemingway calls the “Toronto-Hamilton gag”:
According to the report, Officer Brailsford’s body cam shows Shaver reaching behind his back and making small jerking motions.
It’s also clear that almost none of that information was ultimately produced. One of the phone numbers named by the government did not correspond to a Signal account, and logs on the other number showed only when the user first signed up for the service and when they most recently logged in.
In the early 1990s, Jack Joyce of Rogue Ales in Newport, OR, submitted his American Amber Ale for label approval. The government rejected the label, which showed an Uncle Sam-like figure hoisting a beer with the American flag fluttering in the background. Rogue, it seems, had run afoul of U.S. Code Title 4, Chapter 8, Item 1: “The U.S. flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever.” So Joyce redesigned the label to portray a generic pattern of red and white stripes with a single row of stars as a border.
Sex sells products, but it can also get you covered up. In 2007, a Reading, PA, microbrewery called Legacy Brewing Co. began marketing a product called Hedonism Ale, which it claimed was “brewed with an orgy of ingredients.” The label showed an assortment of cartoon characters engaging in public displays of affection (nothing beyond kissing and hugging, really). However, one Lancaster distributor called Beer Ink viewed the brand as pornographic and began wrapping cases in plain brown paper.
Waqqaf underscored that the disclosure shows the hypocrisy of those who are seeking to incriminate the Syrian government for an alleged use of chemical weapons while turning a blind eye to the use of poisonous substances by the so-called Syrian rebels.
On Saturday July 13, 2019 from 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM we expect this to be the largest lock show in history. Anticipating more than 100 Collectors and Dealers from all over the world setting up for the show. Whether selling locks, buying locks, or just to browse, we want YOU to be to have a successful show
The Lancaster Lock Show is actually in nearby Morgantown, Pennsylvania. While our roots were in the historic city of Lancaster, PA our show has moved to a much nicer hotel with convenient access along the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Rt. 76).
A militant video obtained by Philippine police officials showed Mr Hall in an orange shirt kneeling in front of a black Islamic State-style flag before he was killed in a jungle area.
"We live like this every day, go to bed like this," Mr Hall said, raising his arms to show he was handcuffed. "We have a hundred people heavily armed around us all the time that dictate to us and talk to us like children. We've been humiliated in every way possible. One of us has already been murdered."
In the tutorial video above, Bradley shows you how to build defense decks. Highlights include:
Surveillance video posted by police shows another man grabbing the monk's wallet and running out of the store, and the victim struggling with him outside before being pushed to the ground.
“They’re doing all the things that show they want to take some kinetic action against us,” Lavoy added. “And we’re saying, ‘Why be so unfriendly?’ “
Butler is best known for his role as Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe in the NBC sitcom Frasier, appearing in every season but one between 1993 and 2004. The character was a volatile, boorish, intensely macho sports presenter who hosted the show which followed Frasier's daily broadcast at the radio station KACL.
A new poll shows that more than half of the country thinks the media is too tough on President Trump.
Five men from Tanna's Prince Philip Movement cargo cult, which considers Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh a god, were brought to the United Kingdom as part of the Channel 4 reality show Meet the Natives in 2007. Part of their itinerary included an off-screen meeting with the prince.[9]
This conversation vastly underplays the technology needed to employ natural drainage systems. Dr. Phil Bedient, now a professor in Rice University's Civil Engineering Department, reminisced about being a hydroengineer on the project some four decades ago. A preliminary survey of the site showed Dr. Bedient and his team that one-third of the property was on the 100-year floodplain, with flat land and thick woods promising stagnant rainwater throughout.
A few weeks ago, we showed the in-line editing prototype we had built for Spark, which has now blossomed into Edit module. Additionally, we also pointed out that we were in the process of selecting the WYSIWYG editor to use in Spark. This selection process was performed in the public Spark issue queue, in order to gather community feedback and to attempt to reach consensus. 73 people followed that issue, about two dozen of whom contributed to the discussion as well.
Despite not being as mature an editor as some other contenders such as TinyMCE or CKEditor, Aloha Editor does have much going for it. It has solid cross-browser support (including IE8), a very complete feature set, great support for pasting from Word, RTL support, a proven plug-in system, the ability to completely override the UI, an abstraction for dealing with “islands of content” inside textual content for e.g. image captions, media and tokens (Aloha Blocks — this is what shows the flexibility of their plug-in system), unit tests, and asynchronous loading (they use RequireJS) for performance.
There are a couple of reasons why I like this extension. First of all, when you start a download, the extension animates to show that your download has now started, and you can find it by clicking the extension icon. When a download is in progress, the icon turns blue. When nothing is going on, it stays grey.
Part of the reason that Christianity can be so divisive is the belief that, as a Christian, fellow church-goers are appropriate partners and friends, while you are to distance yourself from non-Christians so as to not “fall into temptation.” As I’ve written before, my own youth group (and my husband’s, too, in a completely separate church three hours away) illustrated this by having a kid stand on a chair and then seeing if it was easier to be pulled down from the chair or to pull another person up. This was supposed to show us the danger of consorting with non-believers, and the potential for us to be dragged downward into their life of sin. I wish I was joking.
The rapper has been ordered to show proof of his income and worth so that the jury can deliberate.
Fiddy will be in London on Friday for a show with G Unit at the O2 IN London.
Our study supports this hypothesis, since it shows that stress accelerates epigenetic aging, and further suggests that this effect could be mediated by the molecular effects of cortisol.
The certainty is a concern for those wanting a show in the mountains given Wiggins’ win last year was a triumph of pacing and power over panache. But Froome is more able to attack in the mountains, the tempo riding of 2012 was designed for Wiggins. Still the fear is Sky will play it safe and set a pace to deter others from attacking until Froome launches a late moves to steal seconds.
5. The doc dramatizes how Hubbard falsely portrayed himself as a war hero to woo his second wife, Sara Hollister. But via narration of her writings, the doc shows that Hubbard abused Hollister, smacking her with the butt of a gun when he saw her sleeping with a smile on her face because he believed she was dreaming of someone else. With their marriage in trouble, Hubbard fled to Cuba with their baby daughter Alexis. He would call Hollister and announce that he had killed their daughter and chopped her into pieces, blaming Hollister for his actions. Hubbard would call later telling her the child was alive. Finally Hollister managed to flee the marriage, though Hubbard left her penniless.
Anyway, the real Turtles are staking out High Pressure Engrish based on a hunch from April and they’re cornered by the police, who mistake them for the False Turtles. Things look bad until Bebop and Rocksteady show up with the False Turtles, who scare the police off and promptly attack the Ninja Turtles. The TMNT find they can’t make a dent in the False Turtles, as their armored hides bust all their weapons. Bowing their heads in shame, the Turtles admit defeat.
Syrian refugee Islem Halife, 11, shows a drawing of her home in Syria, as she sits in a classroom where she learns the Quran in Nizip refugee camp in Gaziantep province, Turkey, December 13, 2015. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
A Reuters photo story from various camps in the region shows the children at play and displaying their drawings. It all appears very normal - a girl skips rope, another poses in front of her tent, others weave, teenage boys play football.
Furthermore, Karnage Chronicles is said to be an action-heavy, co-op RPG title for VR fans. Although the devs claim that there are more enemies and weapons that will cross your path, the devs at least had the audacity to whip up some concept art to show curious gamers what other stuff is currently in the works for the game, which is visible for you to look over.
After a fade to black, my place in the story so far is dotted on a glowing line, each butterfly effect moment represented as dots across its length, where new lines spindle outwards to show the paths not taken. This zooms out fully to reveal a massive tapestry of branches, seemingly hundreds; a butterfly diagram which handily visualises every possible route in the game. And where's my path? Right there, barely perceptible as a slither on its wing.
Followers: This image released by the Egyptian army of Friday evening's pro-army rally shows the strength of support for the security forces and against the ousted president Morsi
Lights: Hundreds of laser lights were shone into the sky by demonstrators in Tahrir Square who rallied to show support for the army
"The new evidence shows that every mental health expert ever to examine him finds that Mr Hill has mental retardation and he is thus ineligible for execution" under the US constitution, Kammer said in a statement.
As the public and media fumed at another fatality on the transit line, Metro contracted with two crisis firms, O’Neill and Associates and Hill + Knowlton Strategies. Documents obtained by LL through an open records request show the agency and its consultants scrambling to respond to the January smoke incident—and, for some reason, keeping tabs on a critical Twitter account along the way.
In short, if you want to participate, there's no need to do any advance planning. In fact, it's discouraged. Just show up with a computer and get ready to have some fun.
With such strict time constraints, there may be times when a game engine just doesn't come together during the alloted time. But of the ~20 teams that I've seen in the past, everyone always at least had something to show at the end of the weekend. And if you do fail, it can still be a valuable learning experience. It's far better to learn a harsh lesson about team dynamics or game engine construction during a 48-hour jam than it is to learn the same tragic lesson after six months of development.
GCHQ in particular is the closest intelligence partner the NSA possesses. NSA and GCHQ personnel share code, and, in several locations, physically work side by side. Their intimate nature was underscored by Rogers’ deputy, Rick Ledgett, telling the BBC that the accusation showed an ignorance of the GCHQ-NSA partnership.
How you feel about these beers will depend on how you feel about the assertive flavor of American hops. Some of these beers seemed to be closer in style to American India Pale Ales, which can show intense hop bitterness rather than the stylistically preferred medium strength.
Last week, the cult USA channel TV show Mr. Robot showed once again why it is required viewing for anyone interested in technology. In a conversation between E Corp CEO Phillip Price and a top government official named Jack (a thinly-veiled Jack Lew?), he talked about his plans to get official government backing for his virtual currency, eCoin:
In this conversation, the show reveals a grasp of technological change that few in the policy community, and fewer in government itself, display. The central issue in play with the future of money is that money is itself a technology. It is a technology for making payments (the exchange of wealth in return for goods or services) and storing value. If other technologies can provide those services better than money, then money will be replaced.
However, the FCC listing shows that LG D725 measures 136.4mm x 69.8mm, and that it sports a 5-inch (127.0mm) screen, the same as the Chinese counterpart.
Rowland was released from prison in 2006 and took a job as director of economic development for the city of Waterbury in 2008. Two years later he began working as the host of an afternoon drive political talk show on WTIC. Rowland resigned from that job in April amidst calls from many, including Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, for WTIC to remove him from the airwaves.
“The producer is supposed to be the person who makes sure that inspiration doesn’t turn into complete filthy anarchy. Unfortunately, we had John…” Robinson says. “We workshopped every word, every exclamation mark! Although we didn’t have the 12 writers you would have for Taxi or Cheers, you had people in the room who were doing exactly the same kind of thing that those writers on an American show would do. We were constantly challenging every single gag, the structure of every scene – we even put additional characters in sometimes. So there was a lot of tension between the writers on the one hand, and the producer on the other, who was, as it were, the representative of what the actors were saying. And it was very good, but it could be quite upsetting sometimes.”
Read the statistics and it's hard to argue with these dire warnings. The latest figures show that each year as many as 70,000 people are involved in alcohol-related assaults. In all, it is estimated that alcohol-related violence costs the community $187 million each year. Four Corners also reveals there's a growing body of evidence that shows a link between binge drinking and brain damage. As one expert explained:
Tonight we show the terrible ripple effect, not only on the victims and their families but also on the perpetrators.
JANINE COHEN: There is a growing body of research that shows people who drink a lot are more likely to end up in the court system.
(Removes gauze from his face to show cuts)
JANINE COHEN: New research to be published soon shows that Newcastle hospital admissions have fallen by 26 per cent and general street offences have dropped by 50 per cent.
Then the Goddess of Everything Else trudged her way through the bog, till the mud almost totally dulled her bright colors and rainbows. She stood on a rock and she sang them a dream of a different existence. She showed them the beauty of flowers, she showed them the oak tree majestic. The roar of the wind on the wings of the bird, and the swiftness and strength of the tiger. She showed them the joy of the dolphins abreast of the waves as the spray formed a rainbow around them, and all of them watched as she sang and they all sighed with longing.
But they told her “Alas, what you show us is terribly lovely. But we are the daughters and sons of the Goddess of Cancer, and wholly her creatures. The only goals in us are KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER. And though our hearts long for you, still we are not yours to have, and your words have no power to move us. We wish it were otherwise, but it is not, and your words have no power to move us.”
The Goddess of Everything Else gave a smile and spoke in her sing-song voice saying: “I scarcely can blame you for being the way you were made, when your Maker so carefully yoked you. But I am the Goddess of Everything Else and my powers are devious and subtle. So I do not ask you to swerve from your monomaniacal focus on breeding and conquest. But what if I show you a way that my words are aligned with the words of your Maker in spirit? For I say unto you even multiplication itself when pursued with devotion will lead to my service.”
Then came the Goddess of Everything Else from the waves like a siren, all flush with the sheen of the ocean. She stood on a rock and she sang them a dream of a different existence. She showed them the beehive all golden with honey, the anthill all cozy and cool in the soil. The soldiers and workers alike in their labors combining their skills for the good of the many. She showed them the pair-bond, the family, friendship. She showed these to shorebirds and pools full of fishes, and all those who saw them, their hearts broke with longing.
But they told her “Your music is lovely and pleasant, and all that you show us we cannot but yearn for. But we are the daughters and sons of the Goddess of Cancer, her slaves and creatures. And all that we know is the single imperative KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER. Yes, once in the youth of the world you compelled us, but now things are different, we’re all individuals, no further change will the Goddess of Cancer allow us. So, much as we love you, alas – we are not yours to have, and your words have no power to move us. We wish it were otherwise, but it is not, and your words have no power to move us.”
Then came the Goddess of Everything Else from the skies in a rainbow, all coated in dewdrops. She sat on a menhir and spoke to the humans, and all of the warriors and women and children all gathered around her to hear as she sang them a dream of a different existence. She showed them religion and science and music, she showed them the sculpture and art of the ages. She showed them white parchment with flowing calligraphy, pictures of flowers that wound through the margins. She showed them tall cities of bright alabaster where no one went hungry or froze during the winter. And all of the humans knelt prostrate before her, and knew they would sing of this moment for long generations.
Then came the Goddess of Everything Else from the void, bright with stardust which glows like the stars glow. She sat on a bench in a park, started speaking; she sang to the children a dream of a different existence. She showed them transcendence of everything mortal, she showed them a galaxy lit up with consciousness. Genomes rewritten, the brain and the body set loose from Darwinian bonds and restrictions. Vast billions of beings, and every one different, ruled over by omnibenevolent angels. The people all crowded in closer to hear her, and all of them listened and all of them wondered.
Shadow Housing Minister John Healey said: “These latest figures show that the Government is still failing to get a grip on the housing crisis, with the number of homes being built actually falling year-on-year.
Music Meet the Hands (and the Man) that Bring Chance the Rapper to the Deaf No one has more fun at a Chance the Rapper show than Chance himself. But a close second, at stage left, is Matt Maxey—who, along with his company, DEAFinitely Dope, is translating the magic of Chance shows for deaf concertgoers. Ashley Fetters hung out with Maxey at Lollapalooza to find out how this hip-hop fan became “the deaf Kanye West.”
Which is why, two hours before he does sign-language interpretation for Chance the Rapper's headlining Lollapalooza show in Chicago's Grant Park, 29-year-old Matt Maxey has capped off his last recycled soft-drink bottle of the day, stashed it in his backpack, and switched to water before he heads backstage.
Maxey's certainly not the first Lollapalooza performer whose pre-show regimen consists of cognac and Jazz-flavor Black & Milds; we've all seen those leaked celebrity tour riders. And after all, the Atlanta-born Maxey is a bit of a celebrity himself. Even before he started attracting attention signing at Chance the Rapper's shows in July, deaf and hard-of-hearing hip-hop fans had already begun referring to him as "the deaf Kanye West."
Chance invited Maxey and DEAFinitely Dope to join him onstage for two shows in Miami and Tampa—where Maxey's friends from the Florida deaf community turned up in force. Then DEAFinitely Dope tagged along to Wisconsin and Delaware for shows before becoming the official ASL interpreters of the rest of Chance the Rapper's 2017 tour. At every show he can, Chance gives away free tickets to deaf and hard-of-hearing fans.
It’s challenging in 2017 to be a good sign-language interpreter of hip-hop music, and it's only partly because the genre finds itself in a lyrically experimental phase lately. A few months back, for example, a video of a sign-language interpreter at a Waka Flocka show went viral. According to Maxey, this particular interpreter abbreviates too much, boiling down the sentiment "I go hard in the paint" to something more like "I'm great."
And then there’s Megan’s career. The pilot she was auditioning for, Bracken’s World, was a real show about starlets trying to make it in Hollywood.
Last season, the show made pointed references to Polanski’s Rosemary’s Baby: Sally was reading the novel, four of the characters saw a screening of the film, and Peggy and Ted pitched an ad campaign based on it. I guess that ties into the general theme of innocence being corrupted in the late 1960s?
There’s one other thing that I saw, right as the show was ending — and maybe this is on every episode, but it’s the first time I noticed it: There was a tarot card.
Absolutely, and we never were slavishly adapting the book. It is liberating to have the great foundation that the book provides and then move beyond that to create new stories. The book itself is only about a week in length so, in order to make our show a longer-term story, we’ve had to diverge from the book.
What kind of hints, however small, can you give us about what’s to come in season two when the show returns in June?
His personal example: an ex-girlfriend who once followed him from Los Angeles to New York and became his stalker, leaving messages on his answering machine about how she was going to "cut your balls off," "have your d--- sawed off," and then kill him. And then she showed up at his apartment door.
LoBiondo joins a number of Republican lawmakers who have announced they will not run for reelection. According to The Hill, he is expected to formally announce his retirement from New Jersey’s 2nd District as early as Wednesday, reported Harry Hurley, the radio talk show host for South Jersey’s “Hurley in the Morning.”
For the first test, I turned to 3DMark Extreme Ultra, which runs at 4K UHD resolution. What I focus on here is the graphics portion of the test. The results indeed show that the HB Bridge yields higher performance but it’s pretty insignificant. You’d likely get more value buying a $40 mouse pad.
Middle-earth shows a minor delta between the fancy bridge and freebies.
Rainbow Six Siege shows a nice return on investment for that $40.
At resolutions of 4K and 5K, the tests show that it’s not worth cheaping out on the $40 HB Bridge, especially after you just put out $1,200 or more for a pair of the world’s fastest GPUs. So just deal with paying for the bridge—if you can find one, that is—since you’re already in for a pound.
On her show Wednesday, she doubled down on her opposition to those instruments of death, in spite of vicious viewer feedback.
Show us your rig Each week on Show Us Your Rig, we feature the PC game industry's best and brightest as they show us the systems they use to work and play.
My favorite game is Resident Evil 1, closely followed by Resident Evil 2. I know a lot of people hate the controls and cheesy acting, but I never had a problem with that. I had not played any other survival horror game before this and it made a huge impact on me. I never had experienced a mood and atmosphere like that prior to playing RE and it showed me there is more to games than just run & gun and platforming.
Image copyright Rui Vieira Image caption The youngest person to have a Taser drawn on them was 11, while the youngest person fired on was 14, figures showed
The Home Office Taser database, seen by BBC Radio 5 live, shows a 38% increase on 2012 in the number of children who had a taser aimed at them. Tasers were fired 37 times at 10 to 17-year-olds.
The figures obtained through a Freedom of Information request show the youngest person to have a Taser aimed at them was 11, while the youngest person fired on was 14.
The so-called show of strength was caught on camera close to where father-of-four Michael McGibbon was murdered by a New IRA gang earlier this year.
Once again, for extra emphasis: calling attention to the link Hodgkinson shared is not to say that Democrats are directly culpable for this shooting. That would be ridiculous. But the shared link does show that he was to some extent enmeshed in the conspiratorial paranoia that Democrats have knowingly fostered, at full-blast, for approaching an entire year. One ancillary consequence of fostering conspiratorial paranoia for a full year is that certain people with unstable mental predispositions may latch on and commit violent acts. But Democrats and liberals, in their self-assuredness, have been reticent to acknowledge this byproduct of their current political strategy. Proclaiming that the president engaged in treason — as many members of Congress and media figures have — is going to have an influence on the broader public, and included in that broader public are people who might be deranged and/or have violent inclinations.
Just this Tuesday, Sen. Kamala Harris showed just how insidious Democrats’ paranoia has become. Coursing through the hearing and the line of inquiry pursued by Democrats was the idea that meeting with Russian state officials ought to be regarded as intrinsically sinister and/or suspicious, and that any such meetings ought to be regarded as evidence of untoward relations between the Trump campaign/administration and Russia. Marco Rubio reminded us that these suspicions are thoroughly bipartisan in nature when he asked Jeff Sessions to reach back into his memory bank and try to deduce whether he had encounters “at any point during the campaign” with a Russian “businessman, or anyone walking down the street” which “in hindsight, appears suspicious.” But Harris took it to another level when she demanded to know whether Sessions had interfaced with “any Russian businessmen or any Russian nationals.” In doing so, Harris expanded the ‘zone of suspicion’ beyond Russian state actors to anyone of Russian nationality. It’s really not hard to imagine how such logic might manifest in extreme acts undertaken by people who take the “Russians behind every bush” allegations seriously.
Stage managers are a phlegmatic breed and, if the house style of their nightly show reports at the National Theatre is anything to go by, their sense of humour is bone-dry.
Since 1963, NT actors have given tens of thousands of performances at the Old Vic and on the South Bank, but, with just one performance per run audio or video recorded for archive purposes, only a tiny fraction of these shows endure. For all the rest, the most tangible records are the reports typed up by the stage manager soon after curtain-down, and stored in the NT Archive.
Friday 1 April "Sir John off for his first entrance. Was sitting in his dressing room with the show relay [speaker] tuned into [Alan Ayckbourn's Bedroom Farce in] the Lyttelton. A rather long, but not pregnant, pause whilst he was collected. The Company filled in the time chatting amongst themselves and listening to the Augurers chanting."
Weeks turned to months and months into years, and the IRS showed few outward signs that nonprofit groups’ politicking and electioneering was of any particular concern.
But interviews and IRS documents show the division has, of late, been hit particularly hard.
Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski has revealed she almost quit the show after just a year because she was earning far less than her male colleagues.
In the book, she writes: 'Despite my professional experience, the fifteen-hour workdays, and a successful new show that I had helped build, MSNBC was still refusing to pay me what I was worth.
The Welsh Conservatives have called for an inquiry into Wales’ “frightening” gender attainment gap after figures showed a marked difference in the performance of boys and girls in the Foundation Phase, Key Stage 2 and Key Stage 3.
Figures show the percentage of girls achieving the FPI – the expected level for pupils aged seven – has increased every year since 2012, and is now the highest ever at 91.2%.
A breakdown by subject shows girls also outperformed boys in English, Welsh, maths and science individually – by as much as 5.6%.
Figures show that overall, the percentage of pupils achieving at least the expected level in all subjects in Key Stage 2 and 3 was higher in 2016 than in 2015.
“The figures do show a performance gap between boys and girls, which is a matter we do take seriously.
Rammellzee wears a strange costume during performances. According to Mark Dery, "the artist encases himself during gallery performances in Gasholeer, a 148-pound, gadgetry-encrusted exoskeleton inspired by an android he painted on a subway train in 1981. Four years in the making, Rammellzee's exuberantly low-tech costume bristles with rocket launchers, nozzles that gush gouts of flame, and an all-important sound system." Comprised of drummer/producer Stuart Argabright, guitarist Michael Diekmann, bassist/guitarist/keyboardist Shinichi Shimokawa, DJ High Priest, and MC/grafitti writer Rammellzee on occasional vocals, DCC was drawn together intermittently for shows and recording sessions in '83 and '84. Rammellzee (born 1960 in Far Rockaway, Queens, New York), is a graffiti writer, performance artist, rap/hip-hop musician and sculptor from New York.Rammellzee's graffiti and art work are based on his theory of Gothic Futurism, which describes the battle between letters and their symbolic warfare against any standardizations enforced by the rules of the alphabet; his treatise, "Iconic Panzerisms", details an anarchic plan by which to revise the role and deployment of language in society. Rammellzee is often identified as an artist of the Afrofuturism canon.Rammellzee wears a strange costume during performances. According to Mark Dery, "the artist encases himself during gallery performances in Gasholeer, a 148-pound, gadgetry-encrusted exoskeleton inspired by an android he painted on a subway train in 1981. Four years in the making, Rammellzee's exuberantly low-tech costume bristles with rocket launchers, nozzles that gush gouts of flame, and an all-important sound system."
Fingers Inc. was Larry Heard and Robert Owens, a talented gospel-styled vocalist. This Chicago House classic shows a connection between 80's house and gospel music. It is regarded as the first Deep House record and is still a popular track in the deep house scene today. The spoken word vocal are thought to reflect what is regarded as the true meaning of house music.
Wheaton the goes on to show his readers how to download a Linux distro. And seed it properly.
"Mister Potter wasn't interesting in warming himself up with tea. Please show him to our coldest room, if you would be so kind."
Wisconsin’s last statewide recount was in 2011 for a state Supreme Court seat and the outcome did not change. The recount showed Justice David Prosser defeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg by 7,004 votes — a slightly tighter margin than the 7,316-vote victory he had in initial returns. That recount took more than a month. This one would have to happen more quickly because of a federal law that says states must complete presidential recounts within 35 days of the election to ensure their electoral votes are counted. This year, that’s Dec. 13. “You may potentially have the state electoral votes at stake if it doesn’t get done by then,” said Haas.
The video footage, obtained by ABC News, shows Trump holding the sign above his head amid a crowd of supporters.
To fully show how versatile the ship design system is, I tried designing some corvette class ships that were heavily armored on one side, and then placed my unprotected and vulnerable weapons on the other. I then assigned them the attack pattern that forced them to always try to circle their enemy while keeping the protected side facing them. The nice thing about this is that weapon projectiles and direction actually matter, so by keeping my armored side against the enemy, I could protect the reactors and weapons that I placed unprotected behind them.
As an example, I was able to form an alliance after some time with several races and maintained them without issue. Even though I denied a request to declare war against their rival, and this did hurt our relations, they still remained my ally and did not act irrationally. Another time I accepted their request to declare war, and shortly after that they signed a peace deal that left me at war alone against their former rival. Not very nice, but it shows that using caution when dealing with your ally’s requests is rather important.
It wasn’t until a few Opteris attack fleets showed up on my doorstep that I experienced a complete loss of all sound and music in-game while playing on my laptop. I tried to turn sound and music options on and off, but nothing beyond a complete exit and restart of the game would bring the sound back. In addition, the sound would cut out shortly after re-loading once the Opteris showed up again. I think that beam weapons may have been a factor in the sound loss, but it is hard to say.
“I think that what the Democrats are doing is terrific,” she said. "We’re out talking about the issues. I look at the Republican debates and the difference between what they’re doing and what the Democrats are doing that really shows who’s on whose side.”
It's just about a given now that the people in congress, combined, will not help the middle class. They may put on a show to slow the slide into third world status, but let's face it, even when the Democrats had the house, the senate and the Whitehouse, they did very little to grab the opportunity and pass dozens or more of solid bills and changes. We see, with the Republicans holding control in Wisconsin and Ohio, the way solid majorities can be wielded by determined leaders with a mission and a plan.
The right has invested hundreds of millions in their echo chamber. The Rush Limbaugh show lost money for years before it became popular. Congress has passed legislation that has made it easier to decrease media diversity, easier for media conglomerates to form-- and only the right has taken advantage of these opportunities. In fact, the legislation was probably written by lobbyists for operations like Fox and Clear Channel.
What sets “The Show” apart from other music shows is its partnership with leading Chinese streaming site Tudou. The show is broadcast live via Tudou each week, and half of the votes for the winner come from Chinese viewers. The winner for “The Show” is calculated based on pre-broadcast fan votes (70 percent; Korea 35 percent + China 35 percent), real-time domestic votes (15 percent), and real-time Chinese votes (15 percent).
Today we want to produce business results quickly. These could only be reached by dividing the project into smaller pieces instead of building one huge project. These pieces should be standalone products, so they have to generate value for the end-users. They should be something you can show to customers or business leaders.
We involve the whole team in the process. We, designers, are not lonely fighters. We are connectors. Connectors between users, developers and business leaders. We arrange workshops which gives us a great opportunity to gather the whole team together so we can brainstorm or make decisions cooperatively. And last but not at least, the final wireframes are better than any written specification. They show every feature and how they work.
The boy showed considerable academic aptitude during his years in the local elementary school and was thus groomed for university education from an early age. He attended the gymnasium in Linz and the Vincentinum, a Catholic boys' boarding school. Even though he had to work as a private tutor to pay his way, his grades were excellent. In 1894, having completed his secondary education, Schober enrolled at the University of Vienna to read law. A great lover of music, he joined the Academic Choral Society (German: Akademischer Gesangverein), a type of Burschenschaft.
Any hope of economic recovery was instantly squashed by the Wall Street Crash of 1929, striking a mere four weeks after Schober's inauguration. The Great Depression hit Austria even harder than most other countries. Austria still depended on regular foreign cash infusions, but credit quickly dried up as a result of the downturn. The government was successful in other respects, however. Most importantly, Schober neutralized the threat of Heimwehr revolt. On the one hand, he signalled willingness to meet Heimwehr demands for constitutional reform halfway, continuing negotiations where the Streeruwitz government had left off. On the other hand, he pointedly refused to include Heimwehr men in his cabinet and insisted that the new constitution be implemented legally, i.e. pursuant to the amendment rules laid down in the existing constitution. The new constitution would need the support of two thirds of the members of the National Council, meaning that it could not be passed without the assent of the Social Democrats. Schober invited Social Democratic representatives to join the talks and refused to be intimidated by the rallies the Heimwehr kept staging as a show of force. Eventually, a compromise was reached; the Council passed a set of amendments to the Federal Constitutional Law on December 7, 1929. The compromise significantly strengthened the power and prestige of the office of the president. It also altered appointment procedures to the Constitutional Court in a way that the Heimwehr thought would guarantee right-of-center majorities for the foreseeable future. The compromise was a disappointment for the Heimwehr and its foreign allies, and a victory for the Social Democrats, in all other respects.
Pandora’s new web design is a lot cleaner, with improved navigation, a fixed bar that shows you what’s playing, replays and deeper integration with Ticketfly. For the majority of Pandora’s 78 million active users, this update might not matter a whole ton. Currently, 85% of listening happens on Pandora’s mobile apps, with just 14% of it happening on the web.
She searched “How to commit suicide” on Google. Fortunately, instead of showing the methods, the search results showed “Suicide Helpline Numbers”.
Nine Inch Nails played their first American show since 2009 at Lollapalooza this past weekend, delivering a stunning 100-minute set that SPIN ranked as the undisputed highlight of the festival’s first day. “The sound was like a minimalist remix molded in their own influences,” SPIN’s Christopher R. Weingarten wrote. “Equal parts Chicago house and Tubeway Army, playing songs like 1989’s ‘Sanctified’ with no guitars and letting Reznor bang a tambourine (!) on his chest for this year’s ‘Came Back Haunted.‘” Now, fans who couldn’t make it out to Chicago’s Grant Park can witness the entire show above.
Trent Reznor dusted off several NIN standards (“Closer,” “Hurt,” and “Head Like a Hole”), plus a handful of new tracks (the aforementioned “Came Back Haunted,” “Copy of A”, and “Find My Way”) set to appear on the industrial icons’ upcoming September 3 album, Hesitation Marks. As for the stage show, SPIN noted that “[the] much-ballyhooed light show was actually more of a ‘shadow show,’ blasting the band’s likenesses 20 feet high or letting them move as silhouettes drowned in a screen’s glow. Lights blurted out like machine gun fire during ‘March of the Pigs’ and scrolled like Men in Black eyeball scanners during ‘The Wretched.'” Pretty hate machine, indeed.
Repeated requests over the last two years to interview Khadr have been denied by government officials citing a section of a policy known as the “commissioner’s directive.” Internal emails obtained by The Canadian Press show one interview request, made soon after Khadr arrived in Canada in 2012 and was incarcerated at the Millhaven Institution, was approved by the warden, only to be overturned 90 minutes later by the office of the public safety minister. Meanwhile, Khadr has been visited by teachers, lawyers, students, relatives and other members of the public who have become involved in his case during his incarceration in Ontario and Alberta. Federal inmates are permitted to give interviews unless a warden finds that the risk is too great to staff and inmates, or to the operations of the facility — a decision that should be independent, free from political interference, said Sapers.
Notes by former FBI director James B. Comey show President Trump wanted the probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn dropped. (The Washington Post)
Tigre (Falcao) is one of the top strikers in the world, and he showed his potential and class during his years at Atletico Madrid. He is still a great friend of ours and we are very grateful for the part he played in the club’s success. However, we have never been a club reliant on individuals, we have moved on to adapt and have worked hard to ensure we are still successful. We might not have Tigre now but we have David Villa and he is also one of the world’s top strikers.
Lobbying records with the Secretary of State’s Office show that Fueling California spent $282,620 in the 2011-12 legislative session lobbying the governor’s office, lawmakers, the air board and other state agencies, largely on the Low Carbon Fuel Standard.
The Spireites, who had to beat MK Dons twice because of an administrative error to reach this stage, showed great spirit to finally break stubborn home resistance and find a way past inspired home keeper Sam Slocombe.
John Goodpasture shows how game theory can be applied to external threats. Remember: your SWOT analysis is just the beginning.
Senior Israeli officials often submit to interviews from their homes, especially when approached by morning shows on the radio. In the past, an interview with Opposition Chairwoman Tzipi Livni was interrupted by a radio turned on in the backdrop, but on Monday listeners were treated to entirely different background sounds.
Lahren's Black Lives Matter comments were discussed during the initial interview, with Noah pointing out the hypocrisy in many so-called conservatives' views on the activist group. "You are the same person who argued on your show that just because Trump has supporters from the KKK doesn't mean he's in the KKK," Noah said. "What if somebody said, 'I felt emboldened by Tomi Lahren so I went out and shot black people'? Are you now responsible?"
Not only her fiction but also her underlying philosophy, Objectivism, received mainly negative criticism (except at the grassroots, see below). Besides Branden’s sympathetic “Analysis of the Novels of Ayn Rand,”14 there were two major studies on Objectivism both of which were almost entirely negative. Albert Ellis wrote Is Objectivism a Religion? to show that any resemblance between Objectivism and a truly rational approach to human existence is purely coincidental; that Objectivist teachings are unrealistic, dogmatic, and religious; that unless they are greatly modified in their tone and their content they are likely to create more harm than good for the believer in their way of life; and that they result in a system of psychotherapy that is inefficient and unhelpful.15
The 2012 America's Health Rankings show troubling levels of obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure and sedentary behavior. (Photo: Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images) Story Highlights U.S. life expectancy is now 78.5 years
STORY: Living to 100: 80% are women, report shows
States that showed the most substantial improvement in rankings include New Jersey (up nine places on the list); Maryland (up five). Alabama, Colorado, Massachusetts, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Rhode Island each moved up three.
“It’s important to underline that it’s illegal to do this, we’ve obviously signed a very big deal with the Premier League to be a rights holder and to show it, we’ve got legal teams talking with them about what we can do,” he said.
As construction of the passageway continued over the summer of 2010, it was necessary to begin removing the Bulkhead. A clear path was needed to run between the World Trade Center and Battery Park City for the East-West Connector. Raymond E. Sandiford, chief geotechnical engineer at Port Authority, is enthusiastic about the passageway project, although his real admiration is in the 19th century construction of the Bulkhead. He explained that a preliminary excavation showed how timber structures from the early 19th century might have been used to act as a bulkhead before this one was built. The hope is that as work continues on the site, more of this historic waterfront will be uncovered and such questions will be answered.
Mr. Tillis found a way to turn his speech impediment into an asset by using his ready smile and innate comedic timing to get his audiences to laugh along with him. He stuttered his way to regular appearances on television talk shows and to clowning bit parts in Hollywood movies.
Dr Fauci said: "It will be this large Phase Two/Three trial in West Africa which will show whether the vaccine works and is really safe."
Video posted hours after the shooting on Bryce Williams' Twitter account and Facebook page showed an outstretched arm holding the handgun and firing repeatedly at Parker as she tried to run away.
"Adam was our go-to guy. He pretty much was available to do anything that we asked," Morgan said. "He did live shots during our morning show for several years."
In 2008, the CEO of British Petroleum (BP), Tony Hayward, announced that BP's safety record, which was one of his key foci as head of BP, was “now among the best in our industry” (BP, 2008). Under his leadership, BP ran operational safety training sessions for its employees and encouraged a culture of safety in an effort to attend to key stakeholders such as employees, the community, and the environment (Kolmar, 2007). However, in 2010, the Deepwater Horizon explosion shattered BP's positive safety record when managers missed key safety warning signs, resulting in the loss of 11 lives and creating the worst offshore oil spill in United States history (Jervis & Levin, 2010; Rogers, 2010). Moreover, Hayward's reaction to the spill was seen as cold and perceived as minimizing BP's responsibility for the spill as well as the environmental damage to the Gulf of Mexico (Korosec, 2010; Zarroli, 2010). Following from such instances of corporate wrongdoing, business practitioners and academics have dedicated increased attention to firms’ corporate social responsibility (CSR), which refers to firm behavior that goes beyond compliance or legal requirements to provide some social good (McWilliams & Siegel, 2001). One prominent approach to understanding CSR is the stakeholder approach in which a firm is deemed socially responsible when its actions attend to the interests of not only its shareholders but also other firm stakeholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007). Drawing on this stakeholder approach, researchers have focused on understanding the antecedents and consequences of CSR. For instance, top management team (TMT) demographics, values, sociocognitive traits, and firm attributes such as decentralization of decision making and research and development expenditures have all been identified as important antecedents to a firm's ability to manage the needs of multiple stakeholders (e.g., McWilliams & Siegel, 2001; Thomas & Simerly, 1994, 1995; Waldman et al., 2006; Wong, Ormiston, & Tetlock, 2011). In turn, research indicates that, on average, CSR is positively related to firm financial performance (for a review, see Margolis & Walsh, 2003; Orlitzky, Schmidt, & Rynes, 2003). Although this research has advanced our understanding of CSR, several important questions remain. First, although we have a better understanding of CSR and its benefits (e.g., increased firm financial performance), past research has rarely considered the negative consequences of engaging in CSR. Relatedly, we have less of an understanding of corporate social irresponsibility (CSiR; Lange & Washburn, 2012), which refers to actions that negatively impact the interests of stakeholders (Strike, Gao, & Bansal, 2006). The limited research on CSiR has considered how CSiR and CSR are related, with research finding that they can occur concurrently (e.g., Strike et al., 2006) or that CSiR is offset by subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For instance, Chatterji and Toffel (2010) found that firms that received negative environmental ratings subsequently improved their environmental performance. Although such research helps us to better understand the relationship between CSiR and subsequent CSR, it does not consider whether CSR influences later CSiR. Returning to the BP example at the beginning of this paper, this literature provides little guidance to understanding the conditions under which BP's socially responsible behavior (i.e., increasing its safety record) might have subsequently increased its less responsible behavior (i.e., ignoring safety warnings and minimizing BP's responsibility). Second, studies examining CSR and CSiR have generally provided a firm‐level perspective of this relationship. However, given that strategic leaders (i.e., CEO and the senior executives who belong to the TMT) make strategic decisions about CSR, it is surprising how few studies explore the effect of top leaders on CSR (but see Thomas & Simerly, 1995; Wong et al., 2011), and only one study to our knowledge theorizes that strategic leaders affect CSiR actions (Pearce & Manz, 2011). Further, few researchers approach CSR from a social psychological perspective (Rupp, Williams, & Aquilera, 2011), even though applying these theories could elucidate when leaders’ personal characteristics influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Therefore, important questions remain as to whether and when leaders influence the relationship between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we address these questions by examining the relationship between CSR and CSiR. First, we study whether prior CSR affects subsequent CSiR. We approach this question through the lens of strategic leadership, which suggests that leaders influence organizational strategy and in turn firm outcomes (e.g., Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996) such as CSR and CSiR. Specifically, we focus on the effects of strategic leaders’ psychological processes on CSiR. We draw on moral licensing research to argue that top leaders who have previously implemented CSR strategies will glean moral credits from this past behavior, which leads them to develop a strategy that mistreats firm's stakeholders. Second, we consider the moderating role of leader characteristics on this relationship. Although moral licensing research consistently shows a positive relationship between moral behavior and subsequent immoral behavior, recent research suggests that this relationship may be affected by individual differences (Mulder & Aquino, in press; Zhong, Ku, Lount, & Murnighan, 2010). One relevant individual difference is moral identity symbolization, or the degree to which being moral is expressed outwardly to the public through actions and behavior (Aquino & Reed, 2002). We argue that leaders’ moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR. Our study furthers research on strategic leadership, CSR, moral licensing, and moral identity by examining the effect of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR in publicly traded firms.
The Influence of Prior Corporate Social Responsibility on Corporate Social Irresponsibility Over the past few decades, firm stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and employees, have put increasing pressure on firms to manage their interests; in other words, firms are increasingly expected to heed the calls of their multiple stakeholders. When firms are able to successfully manage these myriad demands, they are deemed socially responsible (Freeman, 1984). As business practitioners’ demands and academics’ understanding of CSR have become finer grained, so too have the definitions of CSR. Greenwood (2007) suggests CSR exists along a continuum anchored at one end by firms that actively engage with and act in the interest of varied stakeholders (i.e., are responsible) and anchored at the other end by firms that have more limited interactions with and may act in the interest of only powerful stakeholders (i.e., are irresponsible). Others have argued that although responsibility and irresponsibility are related constructs, they are distinct and thus should not be considered as opposite ends of the same continuum (Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Mattingly & Berman, 2006; Oikonomou, Brooks, & Pavelin, 2012; Strike et al., 2006). This more recent distinction between CSR and CSiR highlights that they both involve action toward stakeholders and that firms can potentially engage in both CSR and CSiR. We adopt this view and consider stakeholder management to involve both CSR, or actions that attend to the interests of multiple stakeholders beyond just shareholders (Branco & Rodrigues, 2006; Carroll, 1991, 1999; Godfrey & Hatch, 2007), as well as CSiR, or actions that negatively affect stakeholders (Strike et al., 2006). Examples of CSR include charitable giving within a community, providing employees flexible work arrangements such as flextime, and ensuring the quality of consumer goods. Examples of CSiR include actions that have resulted in controversies concerning the firm's economic impact on the community, gender discrimination, and designing and selling unsafe products and services (Kaptein, 2008). In short, the more positive actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially responsible a firm is deemed, whereas the more negative actions toward its stakeholders, the more socially irresponsible a firm is deemed (Strike et al., 2006). Given these distinctions between CSR and CSiR, a growing body of research has sought to understand and clarify their relationship. In a first examination of the CSR–CSiR relationship, Strike and colleagues (2006) found that international diversification led to both CSR and CSiR, suggesting that firms could simultaneously be responsible and irresponsible toward their stakeholders. Additional evidence for this relationship can be drawn from Mattingly and Berman (2006), who found that environmental CSR was positively correlated with concurrent environmental CSiR. They noted, “perhaps firms that tend to adopt environmentally friendly programs are often those that tend also to cause harm or to extract from it” (p. 34) and suggested that further research into this positive correlation between CSR and CSiR was needed. Other research finds that socially irresponsible behavior (i.e., CSiR) sets the stage for subsequent socially responsible behavior (i.e., CSR; e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Kotchen & Moon, 2011; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). For example, Muller and Kräussl (2011) found that companies with poor social reputations were more likely to make disaster relief donations after Hurricane Katrina than were companies with positive social reputations. The key argument underlying these studies is that firms offset their negative reputation by engaging in CSR. Although this research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of why CSiR influences CSR, researchers have yet to explore whether the opposite relationship occurs such that CSR influences CSiR. In addition, although previous research on the link between CSR and CSiR has primarily taken a firm‐level approach, we propose that a more micro‐level approach would be useful to disentangle the linkages between CSR and CSiR. In this paper, we draw upon strategic leadership theory and psychological licensing research to examine the role of strategic leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics on CSiR. Below, we briefly review these approaches. With regard to the strategic leadership approach, one fundamental tenet is that leaders (e.g., the CEO and senior executives who comprise the TMT) typically make decisions regarding the firm's strategic direction, including social performance policies (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Hambrick & Mason, 1984; Thomas & Simerly, 1994; Wood, 1991). Thus, we approach our understanding of how CSR relates to CSiR through an examination of the ways in which leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR relate to their subsequent CSiR decisions. Research on psychological licensing can help us understand how leaders’ strategic decisions regarding CSR can influence later CSiR. Psychological licensing refers to perceiving that one can behave in a potentially socially undesirable way without fear of discrediting his or her self‐image (Miller & Effron, 2010). Whether an individual feels licensed or not is based on one's past behavior (Monin & Miller, 2001). For instance, having been a healthy eater for 11 months out of the year, one may feel licensed to indulge during the holiday season. In this way, one can still feel as though they are a healthy person because the 11 months of healthy eating bolsters one's self‐image and, therefore, diminishes the risk of discrediting him‐ or herself as an unhealthy person. The concept of licensing in moral domains (termed moral licensing) is germane to our focus on CSiR. Moral licensing is the psychological process that leads people to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. According to moral licensing research, people desire to maintain a positive moral image not only to others but also to themselves (Mazar, Amir, & Ariely, 2008; Monin & Jordan, 2009; Monin & Miller, 2001). Therefore, they want to avoid engaging in actions that are morally discrediting or that signal to themselves or others that they are unethical (Monin & Miller, 2001). As in the case of general psychological licensing, when determining if an action will be morally discrediting, people look to their past behavior, and if “people can call to mind previous instances of their own socially desirable or morally laudable behaviors, they will feel more comfortable taking actions that could be seen as socially undesirable or morally questionable” (Miller & Effron, 2010, p. 118). A number of studies have shown that moral behavior leads to morally questionable behavior at the individual level. In one of the first demonstrations of this effect, Monin and Miller (2001) found that people who were given the opportunity to disagree with sexist statements (e.g., “Most women are better off at home taking care of the children”) were subsequently more likely to make a sexist decision about who to recruit for a manufacturing job. Monin and Miller termed this process of non‐prejudiced attitudes (i.e., socially desirable behavior) subsequently leading to prejudiced attitudes (i.e., morally questionable behavior) as “moral licensing.” This study highlights that moral licensing is domain specific such that engaging in moral behavior in one domain leads to immoral behavior in the same domain. Although a large body of research has demonstrated the domain‐specific nature of moral licensing, recent research also shows non‐domain specific moral licensing can occur such that being ethical in one domain licenses a person to be less ethical in another domain. Mazar and Zhong (2010) show that prior moral behavior (i.e., environmentalism) can lead to morally questionable behavior (i.e., giving less to charity) as well as clearly immoral behavior (i.e., lying in order to receive a greater payout). As applied to our research, these studies are important in that, first, moral licensing is argued to have occurred when moral behavior leads to either morally questionable behavior or clearly immoral behavior, and second, it can be either domain or nondomain specific. Not only does one's own past moral behavior license someone to subsequently engage in immoral behavior, but moral licensing research finds that people use the actions of their ingroup, or similar others, as a guide for their own future behavior. Drawing on research on identity and vicarious self‐concept theory (Goldstein & Cialdini, 2007), Kouchaki (2011) suggested that people incorporate aspects of important others into their own self‐concept and use others’ moral behavior to define who they are. Consequently, when ingroup members behave in a moral manner, individuals internalize this moral behavior as their own and feel licensed to engage in morally questionable behavior. The previously discussed findings on moral licensing give rise to the question of why people feel licensed to engage in immoral behavior after previously engaging in socially desirable behavior. One reason may be that moral behavior is like a monetary currency (or creates moral credits) that can be banked and then drawn on when one engages in less moral behavior (Sachdeva, Iliev, & Medin, 2009). Nisan's (1990, 1991) moral balance model first discussed this notion of moral credits, arguing that individuals aim to maintain moral balance (i.e., balance between good and bad deeds) and use past behavior to determine their balance. After a person feels he or she has engaged in enough moral behavior to achieve moral balance, they are subsequently more likely to engage in immoral behavior. This inconsistent behavior (i.e., immoral behavior after moral behavior) is thought to stem from people's tendency toward self‐interest (desire to be less moral) on the one hand and their tendency to behave according to social norms (desire to appear moral) on the other hand (Beruchashvili, Gentry, & Price, 2006; Nisan, 1990; Sachdeva et al., 2009). In a series of survey studies, Nisan (1991) found support for the moral balance model. We draw on Nisan's moral balance argument to suggest that, after making strategic CSR decisions, leaders are more likely to engage in unethical behavior because of the moral credits they believe they have accumulated. In summary, this past research has been instrumental in augmenting our understanding of moral licensing at the individual level within experimental settings; however, researchers have not explored whether and when moral licensing occurs within organizational contexts. The importance of studying moral licensing in an organizational context can be drawn from a recent study by Castilla and Benard (2010), which examined gender discrimination. In a set of scenario studies they found that meritocratic organizational values led participants to make gender‐biased decisions about bonuses. Castilla and Benard were not explicitly speaking to moral licensing research; however, their findings are in line with this research area and warrant further investigation of moral licensing at the organizational level. Although research has yet to examine moral licensing at the organizational level, we propose that, because top leaders influence firms’ strategic decision‐making processes (Finkelstein & Hambrick, 1996; Finkelstein, Hambrick, & Cannella, 2009), the implementation of a CSR strategy will license them to engage in organizational wrongdoing. Specifically, given that people desire to appear moral, top leaders may feel pressure to develop socially responsible strategies that consider the needs of multiple stakeholders. The development and implementation of a CSR strategy may help leaders create a moral image of themselves and their firm, and ultimately provide a sense of accumulated moral credits. For instance, prior to the Enron scandal, former CEO Kenneth Lay endowed chaired positions at universities as well as donated vast amounts of money to charity (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). Indeed, “upon his taking the helm of the corporate merger that resulted in Enron, Lay became a big player in the charitable and philanthropic environment of Houston, the state, and the nation” (Non‐Profit Quarterly, 2006). Such behavior on the part of the leader builds his social responsibility credits, which may license him to commit socially irresponsible behavior in the future. In other words, top leaders may feel that when they have acquired moral credits through a CSR strategy that balances the needs of multiple stakeholders, they can then put forth a strategy that cuts corners or is potentially harmful to stakeholders. A second route that prior CSR could lead to CSiR is through employees’ reactions to their leader's previous CSR strategy. Recall that when a person feels strongly identified with another individual or group, he or she internalizes their past moral behavior and subsequently is more likely to engage in unethical behavior (Kouchaki, 2011). Applied to organizations, employees who identify with their organizational leaders may feel that the prior CSR strategy set by these leaders licenses them to be less careful in their relationship with stakeholders. For example, recall Hayward's implementation of a safety culture at BP. BP employees may have felt that Hayward's actions and more broadly the firm's reputation for being safety conscious carried over to them and they may subsequently have been less careful about monitoring key safety warning signs. In sum, we argue that top leaders are in charge of making key strategic decisions that influence firm outcomes and that when they implement a CSR strategy it helps them accrue moral credits. These moral credits allow them to be less vigilant toward managing stakeholder needs or even engage in unethical behavior without discrediting themselves or their organization. Moreover, employees may feel licensed to engage in unethical behavior toward stakeholders because they have categorized their leader as part of their ingroup and internalized their past CSR action. Formally, we propose: Hypothesis 1: Prior CSR is positively associated with subsequent CSiR.
Results Table 1 presents the means, standard deviations, and correlations among the study variables. Before analyzing our data, we examined the variance inflation factor (VIF) for all variables in our model to check for multicollinearity. The highest observed VIF score in our study variables was 1.61, which suggests that multicollinearity was not a problem as this value is well below the conventional cutoff of 10.00 (Neter, Wasserman, & Kutner, 1989). Table 1. Descriptive Statistics and Correlations Variables Mean SD 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1. CAQ packet length (in packet length) 3.61 .31 2. CEO tenure (in tenure) 2.84 .90 −.19 3. Firm size (in sales) 23.97 .96 .14 .08 4. Prior return on sales, industry adjusted (1996–2002) 1.66 5.93 −.09 .38* −.10 5. Prior CSiR, industry adjusted (1996–2002) .27 .38 .12 .02 .59** –.15 6. Prior CSR, industry adjusted (2001–2002) .48 .43 .30* −.13 .29* −.15 .31* 7. CEO moral identity symbolization 6.68 .75 −.11 .02 −.11 −.07 −.06 .11 8. CSiR, industry adjusted (2003–2004) .50 .44 .09 .08 .61** −.15 .89** .42** −.01 To test our hypotheses, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR, CEO moral identity symbolization, and their interaction term. Table 2 shows the results of these regressions. In Model 1, the base model, we regressed CSiR on only our control variables: length of the CAQ packet, CEO tenure, firm size, prior firm financial performance, and prior CSiR. The overall model results indicate that the control variables explain approximately 80% of the variance in CSiR. Table 2. Hierarchical Regression Results for Corporate Social Irresponsibility on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and CEO Moral Identity Symbolization Dependent variable: CSiR (2003–2004) Variables Model 1: Base model Model 2: Main effect model Model 3: Full model with interaction Step 1: Control variables CAQ packet length (in packet length) −.02 −.08 −.09 CEO tenure (in tenure) .03 .04 .04 Firm size (in sales) .06 .05 .07 Prior return on sales (1996–2002) −.00 −.00 −.00 Prior CSiR (1996–2002) .92** .88** .83** Step 2: Main effects Prior CSR (2001–2002) .18* −1.34† CEO moral identity symbolization .01 −.08 Step 3: Interaction Prior CSR × CEO moral identity symbolization .22* Overall model R2 .80 .83 .85 Adjusted R2 .78 .80 .82 Change in R2 .03 .02 F statistic for change 3.18* 4.56* Overall F statistic 34.85** 28.33** 27.50** In Model 2, we regressed CSiR on the control variables, prior CSR and CEO moral identity symbolization. As seen in Step 2 of Model 2, prior CSR has a significant positive relationship with CSiR (ß = .18, p < .05), providing support for Hypothesis 1. Moral identity symbolization has no relationship with CSiR (ß = .01, ns). The overall model results indicate that the control variables, prior CSR, and moral identity symbolization explain approximately 83% of the variance in CSiR (p < .05). In Model 3 we test the prediction that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR such that the relationship between CSR and CSiR is more positive when CEOs are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization (Hypothesis 2). In support of this hypothesis, the interaction between prior CSR and moral identity symbolization is significant (ß = .22, p < .05). Simple slope analyses (Aiken & West, 1991) provide support for our hypothesis by showing that CSiR is positively related to prior CSR among CEOs high on moral identity symbolization (b = .43, SE = .14, t = 3.13, p < .01), whereas CSiR is unrelated to prior CSR among CEOs low on moral identity symbolization (b = –.31, SE = .24, t = –1.29, ns). These simple effects are depicted in Figure 1. This step explains 2% of the incremental variance in CSiR and yields an R2 of .85 (p < .05). Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Moderating Role of CEO Moral Identity Symbolization on Prior Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Social Irresponsibility Relationship. Additional Analyses Although our analyses indicate support for our prediction that CSR is positively associated with future CSiR (Hypothesis 1), because previous research has found that CSiR leads to CSR (Kotchen & Moon, 2011), we also tested our data for reverse causality (i.e., CSiR associating with subsequent CSR). We find that past CSiR (2001–2002) is positively related to CSR (2003–2004; r = .33, p < .01). However, when we conduct regression analyses to examine how past CSiR relates to subsequent CSR and control for firm size, past firm financial performance, and past CSR, we do not find support for the reverse causal order (ß = .15, ns) nor do we find support for the interaction between past CSiR and CEO moral identity symbolization predicting subsequent CSR (ß = .03, ns). These results support the theoretical framework upon which we draw (i.e., moral licensing) and provide greater confidence in our finding that CSR predicts CSiR and that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates this relationship.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
Donahue identified the origin of the fatal hollow-point - a Secret Service agent with an assault rifle in the open-top escort car behind the President's. The iconic Zapruder film of the Dallas motorcade shows the alarmed Secret Service man clutching the weapon as he tries to stand just after Oswald's shots strike from above.
McLaren knows that the fact most Americans don't believe the official account of the assassination does not guarantee they will "buy" what he calls his "brief of evidence". But when he launches a three-week publicity tour of the US and Canada today (including the David Letterman show and a Wall Street Journal interview) at least he gets the chance to argue it was a fumbling accident, not a murky assassination conspiracy.
The relationship between The Bletchley Park Trust (BPT) and The National Museum of Computing (TNMOC) both based at Bletchley Park has been in the press recently. A piece published by the BBC in January this year Bletchley Park’s bitter dispute over its future showed a Bletchley Park volunteer crying after being sacked by the current CEO of Bletchley Park Iain Standen. There was a public outcry after the BBC report was shown on the news, with people complaining about the way that volunteers are being treated and asking what is going on.
I leave daily journalism at a perilous time for both the public and the truth. The rise of fake news, reality shows far from reality, entertainment “news” and the wholesale undermining of bedrock trust in journalism by people like the new U.S. president, Donald J. Trump, point to a consequential diminishing of society.
We are fast-approaching a point where we could well find ourselves living in a world where criticizing the greatest criminals on the planet, indeed the greatest gangsters ever, is a criminal offense! I know it sounds crazy but diabolical as it may seem, this is what the Zionists want more than anything. Why? Because the Internet threw an almighty spanner in the works. Suddenly, their control over the flow of information, painstakingly acquired over 150 years, hadn't just been breached; it had been ruptured! The internet was a phenomenon. Type in a few words and hey presto - all the information you need is there. Not that initiated folk weren't aware of corporate media lies. The Internet though allowed us to discover what we weren't being told. As a result, the past 10 years has seen mainstream news channels all over the world haemorrhage viewers. No one watches CNN anymore. If it was down to money, they'd have shut up shop years ago. Trouble is they can't do that. It would be the mother of all show outs! Their only option was to soldier on, smile as if everything's sweet, never give any inkling their news channels are ironing out absolute lumps. All they could do was tell even bigger lies. They had to, because now we're on the clock.
To make this a bit more concrete, lets initialize a new list and append two items. We’ll show the objects graph after initialization and after each append.
HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” was the top original show among adults 18-49 on cable Friday.
The show — devoted largely to discussion of the previous week’s show in which Maher used the N-word — drew a 0.5 rating in the 18-49 demographic, up from 0.4 the previous week.
Five shows — “Live PD,” “The Rachel Maddow Show,” an NBA pregame show on ESPN, the midnight “SportsCenter” and “Williams Stream” on Adult Swim — tied for second among adults 18-49 at 0.4. “Maddow” was No. 1 in viewers for the day with 2.62 million.
Top 25 original cable shows among adults 18-49 for Friday, June 9, 2017
As soon as Jones showed him the photos, Wolfe gathered two other police officers, and they went to Ward's Shiloh-area home.
Ward didn't believe them at first, but he eventually brought them upstairs where Keasey was sitting on the bed. It was in the room that Ward showed Wolfe something that disturbed the troopers, and gave the situation a greater sense of urgency. Out of a nightstand drawer, Ward pulled the photo of himself that Keasey had found in the printer at work.
Jones made a call to Hess, using "the dead guy's phone," Wolfe said, which was another one of Hess's demands. They were going to meet at Denny's that night for payment, but Hess never showed up. Another recorded phone call was made, making arrangements to do so the following morning on April 18, 2014.
When Chapman died on 4 October 1989, the five remaining Pythons, as well as Chapman's close friends and family, came together at his public memorial service to sing "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" as part of Idle's eulogy. In 2005, a survey by Music Choice showed that it was the third most popular song Britons would like played at their funerals.[1] By 2014, it was the most popular.[9]
The song became particularly popular in the early 1990s. The film had retained a cult status in the intervening years. Around 1990, BBC Radio 1 DJ Simon Mayo, whose breakfast show had a track record of reviving old novelty songs, began playing the original version on his show,[10] which led to Virgin re-issuing the track as a single on 23 September 1991.
Spaceflights were often reconnaissance missions and dirty portholes could make that job impossible. Gas trapped between layers of glass or moisture picked up on the way out of the atmosphere could make windows impossible to use, though the fogging or streaking would often clear up as the sun warmed the spacecraft skin. The public saw only the pretty pictures shot through clear windows, but here the Apollo 12 crew took a shot to show NASA the challenges they faced.
TORONTO (RNS) A new poll shows that more than half of all Canadians distrust Muslims.
The nationwide survey indicates that as many as 52 percent of Canadians feel Muslims can be trusted "a little" or "not trusted at all." The poll showed that 48 percent of respondents said Muslims can be trusted "a lot" or "somewhat."
A 2007 poll conducted in 23 Western countries showed Canadians had the most tolerant attitudes toward Muslims. Only 6.5 percent of Canadians said they would not like to live next door to a Muslim, compared to 11 percent of Americans.
At camp, the children do all the typical camp things. They canoe, they craft, they roast marshmallows. Almost all of the children are biological boys who like to wear girl’s clothing. The weekend culminates in a fashion show with the works: red carpets, a runway, and fans to blow the kids' hair back. "We try to make them feel fabulous,” says Morris, “I think it helps carry them through the year — the memory of their parents and siblings in the audience clapping for them."
To get you to sign up, they will typically highlight other clients that they were able to do this successfully with, and show you how much you could possibly save.
My, how times have changed. Remember McConnell in 2011? Here’s how he sounded then while speaking of Obamacare: "The importance of a repeal vote becomes more evident every day. Americans view it as an important decision point – a marker that shows we're serious about a return to limited government. On that point, it should be clear where Republicans stand. Every one of us voted against the bill. Every one of us voted for repeal after that. And this week, every Republican reaffirmed his or her commitment to doing it again."
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
4. Now let’s turn from foreigners to corporations. Though Citizens United held that corporations are free to make independent expenditures, corporations remain barred from making contributions to federal political candidates. And that prohibition applies — you guessed it — to “anything of value.” That means that if the Clinton campaign staff heard that some corporation had assembled information that showed misconduct on Trump’s part, and was willing to share it (maybe the corporation was involved in a business relationship gone sour), the staff would be committing a crime by asking for the information: It would be illegally soliciting an illegal campaign contribution of valuable information.
The FBI was very unfriendly to Popov. Hoover disliked double agents, especially wealthy playboys like Popov who showed up at Hoover’s favorite New York City nightclub, the Stork Club. Hoover added the "Japanese questionnaire" to other evidence he had that the Japanese were very interested in Hawaii, but he did nothing with the information from Popov or other sources.
They don't show pictures of Dusko Popov. He's not as handsome as Sean Connery.
>>>>>>They don't show pictures of Dusko Popov. He's not as handsome as Sean Connery.<<<<<< Nor he was very bright either. Popov did not figure out that FDR is fully aware that Japs will attack Pearl Harbor. Pearl Harbor was no surprise - it was allowed to happen with full knowledge of FDR, as doccuments released after WWII show.
You may choose to start digging from here: And you, here: http://www.answers.com/topic/pearl-harbor-advance-knowledge-debate We knew that attacks could come at Midway or Pearl. Evidence shows that FDR may have never seen more indicative reports. Author Stinnett had a book to write, which reads like a kind of "grassy knoll", designed to make money. At Pearl, we weren't altogether asleep: a mini-sub was sunk earlier that morning, and they were known to be launched from submarines. I'd call it Denial. BTW: I've traveled via the SS Lurline.
Optical scientist Nasser Peyghambarian and his teammates at the University of Arizona have demonstrated what The New York Times calls "actual moving holograms that are filmed in one spot and then projected and viewed in another spot." The Times likens the holograms to the tiny image of Princess Leia that R2D2 showed Luke Skywalker in the beginning of Star Wars, only "a lot more haltingly, as the display changes only every two seconds."
The latest PPP poll shows Democrat Chris Coons leading O’Donnell 50-34.
The next chart shows in a more dramatic way that the money created by quantitative easing has been sitting idly in the Fed. The curves plot the 12-month differences of the monetary base (the money created by the Fed) and the excess reserves of the banking system since September 2009 (12 months after the beginning of the crisis). They demonstrate that quantitative easing has worked as a merry-go-round. The Fed created the money only to see it returning as deposits of the commercial banks in the Fed itself.
The next graph shows that one major category of commercial banks’ credit increased since the crisis began: net credit to the central government (net of deposits of the government in the banks). However, total commercial banks’ credit went down substantially. By the end of the second quarter of 2013 it still had not recovered the level it had when quantitative easing began. Moreover, credit to the private sector (Main Street) declined and is still $600 billion below its level in 2008. Credit to other financial institutions also went down. Not a nice chart to see.
You can argue that this chart does not portray the complete picture because banks are not the only source of credit. Right. The next chart shows that recently the financial system’s credit to the private sector did increase over the level it had at the end of June 2008 (the financial system includes the banks plus all other financial institutions, such as insurance companies).
I guess things went a bit sideways by me and Dave only talking about the midlayer, so let me first state that the DC stuff has massively improved through replacing all the backend services that reimplemented Linux helper libraries with their native equivalent. That's some serious work, and it shows that AMD is committed to doing the right thing.
Yet, those who are keeping an open mind about progressing as a rider and actually do venture out into a field or woods, quite often have better equitation and better instincts in the actual show ring. And it costs absolutely nothing.
With the increase in derby classes I thought for sure I would see an increase in our hunter riders jumping cross-country, but instead I have only seen people build crazy spooky courses in an indoor or fenced-in arena where a horse is less likely to show his true colors. So what happens when the real derby asks the right questions? A whole lot of faults?
I don’t know actually, maybe this would answer my frustrations with the handy classes, when we are seeing horse after horse spooking at the trot jump. Instead of having a schooling jump, maybe the horses need to just school cross-country before showing at the most prestigious show of the year. Ugh, so many questions, so little opportunity for change.
Last year, while in Gulfport over the winter, I saw a couple of riders accessing the hill out by the trailer parking lot, and thought, “How smart!” There is only one hill on the show grounds, but this father/daughter team was taking full advantage of conditioning their horses on that slight incline during their six-week duration in Mississippi.
“This noble and generous gesture shows a high sense of social responsibility,” a statement said.
“Ten of my teammates were nominated for the J.League Best XI, and that just shows the quality of the players around me who have made it possible for me to win this award.”
Reception Perception aims to do what is a challenge for just the average note-taker: place all portions of a wide receiver’s performance in context and congruence with each other. Through the number of metrics provided by the charting methodology, we can observe which players exist in a limited or narrow role, while also noting their strengths and proficiency in that assignment. Most importantly, the success rates in the series help show whether that player in question can ever hope to function outside of their collegiate role.
In his work as a separator, Josh Reynolds shows his true value and placement among the receivers in this year’s class. Despite his tall and lanky frame at 6-foot-3, 194 pounds and propensity to high-point passes in high-leverage situations, Reynolds showed well in all layers of success rate vs. coverage.
With a 71.1 percent success rate vs. man coverage, Reynolds scored at the 67th percentile among prospects charted for Reception Perception. He also showed well when asked to defeat jams at the line of scrimmage, with a 67.3 percent success rate vs. press coverage. That score put him above the two-year prospect average, but only by a few percentage points.
Reynolds’ best work came against zone coverage, with a success rate (83.9 percent) above the 94th percentile. He showed a strong ability to sift through traffic in the middle of the field, as well as diagnosing coverage at or above the level of his quarterback. It should be noted, however, that Reynolds only faced 56 attempts against zones, compared to 149 in man coverage.
Unlike the litany of other receivers who will likely face a steep learning curve due to their college offense and limited roles, Josh Reynolds shows the route-running acumen and separation to potentially eschew those worries. With strong success rates across the route tree and overall marks against man and zone, Reynolds passed the Reception Perception test.
Tags filters the photos in your collection by arbitrary metadata tags. There probably won't be tags at first (unless you've created or imported some), but you can create tags in the Tag Manager interface and assign them to pictures. Clicking on any tag (or control-clicking on several tags) in the Tag panel filters the thumbnail view to show photos with that tag assigned.
To see information about a photo, use the vertical tabs on the right edge of the digiKam window. These show metadata, color data, versioning data, and more. Also from the thumbnail view, you can edit photos using digiKam's robust effect plugins.
Hurricane Katrina showed us in 2005 that the United States is not prepared to deal with severe disasters, and that was underscored with Superstorm Sandy. We have the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and parent agency DHS to thank for that. One of the agency’s key missions is to improve disaster preparation and response, yet it has been categorically unable to do so.
In place of the parasite fighters, large underwing drop tanks and special-purpose pods could be substituted to provide, according to the Douglas proposal, "extreme versatility in operations." Douglas engineers imagined pods—"droppable or not as desired," the proposal states—that could carry reconnaissance or radar equipment, countermeasures, even personnel to supplement the bomber's nine-man crew. One drawing shows the pods in a photo-reconnaissance configuration, complete with cameras and even a small film-processing lab.
So what are the benefits, using the two examples I used earlier. The smaller treatment works which was an oxidation ditch the benefit of installing a control system was more for compliance purposes only. The treatment works had SSVI 3.5 concentrations of 220mL/g upon installation of the control system and stabilizing the floc loading the SSVI 3.5 concentrations dropped to 80mL/g and an extreme case and an extreme decrease but shows the benefits of installing a control system. The second case is a much larger treatment works where three screw pumps were returning the RAS to the activated sludge process. Examination of the flows and loads showed that only 1 of the screw pumps needed to be running for 16 hours of the day with the second pump running for the remaining 8 hours. The third screw pump was only needed as a standby pump. Considering that these pumps were rated at 80kW each the overall saving on a monthly basis for this particular case was about 440MW per month, a significant operational saving.
Only four states require defendants to show ability to pay or a determination of “willfulness” before their licenses are taken away.
The issue has received increasing attention since the violent protests after the police killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014. Investigations showed that Ferguson and nearby towns collected a great part of their revenue from traffic fines, which disproportionately affected people of color. Several lawsuits resulted, and similar lawsuits have spread around the country, particularly in poor, minority-majority towns.
The little tuft of hair on the top of Ahlbi’s head is meant to resemble Maya’s top knot, and shows a point of intersection between the cultures of the Kingdom of Khura’in and Kurain Village. There are a number of these shared traits between the cultures of Khura’in and Kurain Village sprinkled throughout the game and in the designs of the characters, so keep your eyes peeled as you play and see how many you can find! Words like "Your Benevolence" and "Your Magistry" are titles we use to substitute for the fact that in English, you call people by titles to show rank and respect. The word “magistry” is not a real word, but a mashup we created of “majesty” and “magistrate” to give the judge an aura of authority in his courtroom.
In later years the series was re-branded as Slimer! and the Real Ghostbusters, but by this stage many thought the show to be past its best.
“The Republican Party as a whole may draw accusations that it’s fighting a war on women, an impression aided by a lot of male politicians who show a decided implication to chow down on their own shoe leather. But Fox News can use Kelly’s defense of working mothers, and of maternity leave, as proof that it isn’t utterly beholden to the least competent elements of the party with which it often finds itself identified.”
Elections came and went, including Shumlin’s own 2014 reelection, which was so close Vermont law required the final decision to go to the legislature after Shumlin failed to win a majority of the vote in November. As the state waited for the legislature to take up the election results, Shumlin announced that he would not pursue single payer after all when the long-awaited financial projections showed “the promise and the peril” of a single-payer system. The promise, of course, was a chance to give nearly every Vermonter reliable access to quality health care.
Even with the Vermont debacle in the rearview mirror and Friedman’s own projections that Sanders’s “Medicare for All” would cost north of $14 trillion over 10 years, the politics of single-payer are still working for Sanders. The latest Kaiser poll showed 81 percent of Democrats favor a “Medicare for All” proposal, while 60 percent of independents favor it, too.
Clinton has dismissed Sanders’s proposal as unrealistic and a danger to the reforms that have already been enacted through the Affordable Care Act. That argument seems to be falling flat in New Hampshire, where the latest WMUR poll showed Sanders trouncing Clinton by nearly 30 points. But at least Clinton can count on some support when the campaign gets to Vermont. Gov. Shumlin, who will not run for reelection, has announced he’s with her.
There's one more "feature" that you might have started seeing on WhatsApp a few versions ago: a "waiting for this message" uhm... message when you're talking to someone. It only seems to show up when WhatsApp knows it should deliver a text message to you, but it hasn't grabbed all of it yet. But since WhatsApp's messages are just text and so light, then odds are they'll reach you before there's any reason to display that "waiting" bubble. I've only seen it once and even then, it was just there for less than a second.
The CT scans and DNA sequencing analysis show quite clearly that the teeth and jawbone came from a single orang-utan, most likely a relative of the apes found in Borneo. Two or three human skulls were also used in the forgery, likely dating to the medieval period.
Now that we’ve gotten that out of the way!! They just introduced Silk Cashew Milk at the Grocery Innovations show in Canada! YES! I love cashews and I’m always happy when there’s another plant based option out there for folks to enjoy. Especially with all the naysayers who seem to have something disconcerting to say about every vegan milk on the planet.
Polls show single-payer is gaining support. A recent Pew Research survey showed the number of respondents favoring government-run health care has gone up percentage points this year alone and is 12 points higher than it was in 2014.
I hope you have as much fun watching the show as we did making it.
A new NBC/Wall Street Journal national poll on Sunday showed Clinton leading Sanders 59% to 34%, with the third candidate in the race, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, at 2%.
A new NBC/Wall Street Journal national poll on Sunday showed Clinton leading Sanders 59% to 34%, with the third candidate in the race, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, at 2%.
Those figures reflect the state of the race over the last few weeks, but much can change in the final weeks of a campaign. Even in Iowa, where the campaign has been a focus for longer than almost anywhere else in the country, the latest Bloomberg/Des Moines Register poll shows 4-in-10 people likely to attend the Democratic caucuses say they could still change their minds before they cast a ballot, as do a majority of Republican likely caucusgoers.
What could break the tie? Those backing Trump would argue his enthusiastic supporters will be certain to show up, just as they do to hear him speak, packing arenas across the country.
The company said its data showed prices were down 0.4% between the start of January and the end of March, the equivalent to a fall of £11.15 a day for the average property.
Other housing market indicators have pointed to a slowdown in recent months. UK house prices fell for the first time in almost two years in March, according to Nationwide, with the average price dropping to £207,308 following a 0.6% rise in February. Bank of England figures showed mortgage approvals fell for the first time in six months in February.
Zoopla’s analysis of its property values data showed prices in England dropped 0.4% over the first quarter of the year but were little changed in Scotland, dipping by less than 0.1%. Year-on-year comparisons showed house prices were up 2.1% in Wales, 0.9% in Scotland and 1.5% in England.
Freshman running back Chase Hayden said the film review of his long run against the starters in Saturday's scrimmage showed he stayed in bounds after a push from Henre Toliver inside the 10-yard line on the left sideline. Hayden was deemed to have stepped out by the side judge for a 65-yard gain to the 9. A touchdown would have given him a 74-yard gain to the end zone.
The Wi-Fi-connected, battery-powered, and app-controlled robot has an onboard camera that acts as the eyes for its human operator, flippers that move to reflect its user's moods, and a microphone that projects the user's voice. OriHime—whose name comes from a fairytale about a goddess who can only see her beloved, Hikoboshi, once a year—currently has ten moves that range from a nod to show agreement, a side-to-side head movement that means no, and a flipper tap denoting a special phrase (nandeyanen) unique to the Kansai region in the south of Honshu, Japan's main island, to indicate affectionate disagreement when someone says something a bit dumb.
Lampson continues to show the form that supplanted what many thought was Sean Johnson’s stronghold on the goalkeeper position. A 3rd clean sheet in a row should have managers (myself included) thinking about starting him instead of leaving all those points on the bench!
Kroenke was slammed by animal rights groups. The channel claims to show 'ethical, fair chase and legal' hunting. Phillipa King, chief operating officer of the League Against Cruel Sports said: 'Most people won't agree that trophy hunting is in any way ethical'
Jana Waller, a presenter of one of the shows on the channel, regularly posts pictures of herself posing with animals she has hunted
Some of the shows feature big game hunting and see huntsmen shoot dead bears, lions and even an endangered African elephant.
'Shoot it!: An overly excited guide is heard encouraging the hunter to take the shot as he lines the lion up in his sights in one of the channel's shows
'The channel claims to show 'ethical, fair chase and legal' hunting.
A bear hides up a tree as it tries to evade advancing hunters and their dogs. The channel claims to show 'ethical, fair chase and legal' hunting
'And yes, the hunting they show might be legal – though if they start showing hunting in the UK they'll have to tread very carefully.
"It is like being locked in a loveless marriage. The fact some people are now considering not turning up at all shows how much alienation is around."
Gehring is reluctant to forecast, but my own numbers would show an additional $500 million in global programmatic income — again, if the program is successful.
Documents released by an independent Ukrainian government agency — and publicized by a parliamentarian — appeared to show $12.7 million in cash payments that were earmarked for Manafort by the Russia-aligned party of the deposed former president, Yanukovych.
At the time, Leshchenko suggested that his motivation was partly to undermine Trump. “For me, it was important to show not only the corruption aspect, but that he is [a] pro-Russian candidate who can break the geopolitical balance in the world,” Leshchenko told the Financial Times about two weeks after his news conference. The newspaper noted that Trump’s candidacy had spurred “Kiev’s wider political leadership to do something they would never have attempted before: intervene, however indirectly, in a U.S. election,” and the story quoted Leshchenko asserting that the majority of Ukraine’s politicians are “on Hillary Clinton’s side.”
Later, she quit anyway and decided to take legal action against the company with the help a trade union. That was when she says she realised she had been misled to sign documents such as rosters and applications for annual leave. These showed Lam had taken all her annual leave days and had taken regular days off.
Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
Duncan: Yes, and to show them the highest technology because the highest technologies is not computers, the highest technology is love. That is the highest tech that is always cutting edge it will never stop being cutting edge it is the most cutting edge technology on planet Earth and to cultivate that and to get around people and love them. Not try to change them but to love them were they’re at good luck. But if you could do that, there’s people who have done that with me. There’s people who have cultivated that energy That’s where the transformation happens, that’s where the waking up happens. Does the waking up happen by showing people a look at this f****** Isis video. No that’s not going to wake people up to make people want to go back to sleep if they were awake. It made me like f*** this man, I’m just dont want to look at anything again that has something to do with the news. But if you come to someone that you don’t know and you’ve cultivated your ability or abilities. So Nim Crawley Baba, Ron Doss’s guru is telepathic. There is countless stories of him reading people’s minds. It’s called seeing into what they are and telling them things that they’ve never told anyone. So, he had cultivated over the many years prior to him becoming this awaken being. He was a sadhu a wandering aesthetic, but he also had a family. Very few people know who he was. His name, Nim Crawley Baba. Nim Crawley was a train station.They used to call him the train baba because he was on a train, I get these stories, I blur them up but he was like sitting on a train and he didn’t have a ticket. And they made him get off the train. He got off the train and the train wouldn’t go. And then they invited him back on the train and it went. So, no one really knows his story necessarily but you can be certain, and this is what’s really interesting about him and all the other you know „teachers“ is they are in Crawley and Lebur four talks about this an introduction definitely get me before you guys have a copy of Lebur four?
Duncan: Ok. Get a copy of that. L-I-B-E-R four(4). In the introduction of that Crawley talks about the the way that did people disappear for awhile. Muhammad goes into the cave. Jesus I do not know the first 30 years is life. Buddha goes into the forest. All the stories share that same component of going somewhere kind of vanishing from the world for a little while so you can speculate on what they were doing during that time period. Probably they were doing what you guys are doing right now, they were begining to expand their consciousness, Any beginning to you figure out had a like do some of the tricks that we have heard great sources are capable doing. So Nim Crawley Baba definitely achieved some state of being able to look into a person fully and see all the stuff in there. The next thing he did, now if you could just do that and there’s many people who can do that if you could just do that you would be a great salesperson you would be able to sell a lot of f****** mattresses, cars nuclear weapons, you will be able to really make a lot of money in the world by reading people completely seeing them see what they are you could really f*** with people if that was the only thing that you could do but what he added to it and what the awakened beings seem to do along with this ability is they look into that part of the person that the person doesn’t want to show anyone and they love it they don’t love it ambigously, they love it completely, they love it with everything inside of them personally. Not like i just love everything but like I see into you, I see that thing that you did that hurt that person so much and you know you hurt them and you feel so horrible about that but I love you still. I love the person you were when you did that. I were the person you were before you did that and I love you now completely and it’s not phoney, it’s real. If you could do those two things if you could master those two powers that every single human that you got around will at least temporarily wake up, they would wake up and they would feel what is real. The only thing that’s real which is love. Those are the two if I could choose he magical powers does will be there to that I would want to be able that and the third would be invisibility.
Mr. Zettl called the restrictions "frustrating beyond words," particularly because Prairie Plant Systems Inc. had operated with Health Canada under contract, serving as the federal department's sole supplier of medical marijuana for 13 years, up until regulations changed last March. During that time, the company had government approval to show a number of images, including those of marijuana and marijuana growth chambers, he said.
This finding was supported both by analysis of patterns on surviving structures, and by examination of 15th-century Persian scrolls. However, we have no indication of how much more the architects may have known about the mathematics involved. It is generally believed that such designs were constructed by drafting zigzag outlines with only a straightedge and a compass. Templates found on scrolls such as the 97-foot- (29.5 metres) long Topkapi Scroll may have been consulted. Found in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire and believed to date from the late 15th century, the scroll shows a succession of two- and three- dimensional geometric patterns. There is no text, but there is a grid pattern and color-coding used to highlight symmetries and distinguish three-dimensional projections. Drawings such as shown on this scroll would have served as pattern-books for the artisans who fabricated the tiles, and the shapes of the girih tiles dictated how they could be combined into large patterns. In this way, craftsmen could make highly complex designs without resorting to mathematics and without necessarily understanding their underlying principles.[7]
“With the ideal race, starting at the front, the gap wouldn’t be that big but it is too big, much bigger than we expected. It shows we have a lot of work to do.”
Autopsies showed they had died after swallowing lethal quantities of sleeping pills. Reports said suicide notes were found at the scene.
Investigations showed the poison packs, on offer for between $258 and $430, had been ordered by eight people.
Rybolovlev’s aide did not disclose the nature of Rybolovlev’s business activity, but the Russian billionaire’s plane also was in Charlotte last April 21 at 1:20 p.m., according to a Charlotte man who didn’t want to be identified. He told McClatchy that he noticed the jet at the Charlotte airport and took a photo because he wanted to show his granddaughter, named Mary Kate, that her name was on a jet. The jet’s identifying registration is MKATE, which are the letters on its tail.
Sexual reproduction brings genes from two parents (matrigenes and patrigenes) together into one individual. These genes, despite being unrelated, should show nearly perfect cooperation because each gains equally through the production of offspring. However, an individual’s matrigenes and patrigenes can have different probabilities of being present in other relatives, so kin selection could act on them differently. Such intragenomic conflict could be implemented by partial or complete silencing (imprinting) of an allele by one of the parents. Evidence supporting this theory is seen in offspring–mother interactions, with patrigenes favoring acquisition of more of the mother's resources if some of the costs fall on half-siblings who do not share the patrigene. The kinship theory of intragenomic conflict is little tested in other contexts, but it predicts that matrigene–patrigene conflict may be rife in social insects. We tested the hypothesis that honey bee worker reproduction is promoted more by patrigenes than matrigenes by comparing across nine reciprocal crosses of two distinct genetic stocks. As predicted, hybrid workers show reproductive trait characteristics of their paternal stock, (indicating enhanced activity of the patrigenes on these traits), greater patrigenic than matrigenic expression, and significantly increased patrigenic-biased expression in reproductive workers. These results support both the general prediction that matrigene–patrigene conflict occurs in social insects and the specific prediction that honey bee worker reproduction is driven more by patrigenes. The success of these predictions suggests that intragenomic conflict may occur in many contexts where matrigenes and patrigenes have different relatednesses to affected kin.
"What I didn't know was up until the day [of the 'Unplugged performance], there was talk of Dave [Grohl] not playing at all in the show," Alex Coletti, who produced 'Unplugged,' remembers. "Kurt wasn't happy with the way rehearsals were going; he didn't like the way Dave sounded playing drums with sticks … He's a heavy hitter, and the thing about 'Unplugged,' especially with rock bands, is if the drummer doesn't really, really get it under control and tries to play a rock show on a smaller kit, then it brings the show to a bad-sounding electric show instead of a good-sounding acoustic show."
Watch MTV's retrospective of Nirvana's 'Unplugged' show in the videos above and below.
Before the primary, polls showed Catania roughly even with Gray in a hypothetical matchup but trailing Bowser by huge margins. Still, Catania said he was undaunted by the city's Democratic machine.
Mets centerfielder Juan Lagares hit what turned out to be the game-winning three-run homer in the sixth inning of yesterday’s game against the Braves. As you can see in the video above (if it’s not embedding properly for you, look here), after Lagares crossed home plate he was greeted by teammate Curtis Granderson, who’d been on base, and Granderson made a big show of pointing to the orange wristband on Lagares’s left arm. He did it again when they were back in the dugout.
One last time ”” calling all “Collect ’em all”-ers: In case you missed it last week, I’m taking a show of hands to see how many of you have purchased all seven of the UnI Watch T-Shirt Club’s designs so far. Knowing how many people are eligible for the year-end prize will help me determine what the prize will be. So if you’ve collected ’em all so far (and didn’t already check in last week), please use this link to shoot me a note. Thanks.
In fact, after what’s generally viewed as a lackluster year in Season 3, the show bolted out of the bow with renewed vigor. A new, lighter approach, a focus on the fantastical world of magic, and a blast of a villain giving Neal McDonough five-course meals of scenery to chew gave the show a seeming fresh start. Incorporating more explicit elements from the Green Arrow comic books, including the name; an expanded focus on the team; and a more mature manner of involving the divisive romantic relationship between Oliver Queen and Felicity Smoak, which frequently devloved into groan-worthy teen melodrama the year before, all propped up a series that seemed to find its legs again.
More important, the show really seems to care very little. Usually around this time, we’ll get a string of three or four episodes that really re-establish the main threat for the season, building to that final run of episodes to close out the year. Yet, this season, nothing so far.
In its place, we get drivel like this past week’s “Beacon of Hope,” where the most exciting thing about the episode was if you played a drinking game about the number of times people said the episode’s title. The alcohol poisoning potential was high. There are almost always one or two things to enjoy in any episode of the show — in this case, Curtis was fun, if bordering a tad on shrill — but an hour that reduced Emily Bett Rickards, Charlotte Ross, and Willa Holland to B-movie theatrics (no pun intended), set Oliver’s progression back 15 paces (yet again), and tried to bring the funny with awful puns feels more like an M.O. than an anomaly right now.
The show simply seems bored with itself. Even much of the action feels perfunctory and choreographed to within millimeters of its life rather than fierce, visceral, spontaneous, and explosive. Sure, things pick up in the final third of the season, like every year, but too much feels like going through the motions now. Last year, some of this sluggishness seemed to be a result of the creative team being split to get The Flash off the ground. This year, there were two new shows, Legends and CBS’ Supergirl, that divided the cabal. One can’t pin it solely on the shifted efforts, but it’s hard to deny at least some effect on both of the elder CW shows.
At this point, it’s clear that Trump isn’t going to show us his tax records unless he feels like he has no other choice. And without those tax returns, we won’t have the basic information we need to unravel Trump’s entanglements with foreign governments, to discern whether he used illegal tax shelters, or to figure out if he’s actually as rich as he claims to be.
Somebody file for the Sat 4/15 permit: WH ellipse or IRS HQ. We need to show up on his doorstep with our tax filings, demanding his returns. — Beau Willimon (@BeauWillimon) January 23, 2017
To be clear, we don’t want to see his tax returns because we’re the financial equivalent of a lecherous pervert who barges into underage girls’ dressing rooms while they’re changing. We’re not trying to find out how much money he spent taking a married woman furniture-shopping before he “moved on her like a bitch.” We want to show President Trump that, no matter what his advisers may say, the American people do care. We care if our president has unseemly ties to foreign or domestic interests. We care if our president says he’ll do something and then straight up doesn’t do it. That’s why the official White House petition requesting Trump to release his tax returns already has more than 270,000 signatures. Using Trump math, that’s more than 1.75 million. Huge!
If you don’t care that we care about this—if you agree with Conway’s claim that “Most Americans are very focused on what their tax returns will look like while President Trump is in office, not what his look like”—we will show you that “most Americans” don’t agree. And we’ll continue to show you by marching from Inauguration Day through Tax Day until Election Day.
So show us your tax returns, President Trump. We might even be willing to give you an extension if you need more time to convert the rubles to dollars.
The way his cute little suck you in dimple shows sometimes when he sucks in cheeks.
The comedian was apparently in Chicago over the weekend and forgot about the two airport locations until it was too late; Ansari told his more than 2.4 million Twitter followers he would reimburse someone and offer them free tickets to his next Chicago show if a few tortas could be secured before takeoff. The hungry funnyman even tried to leverage his Executive Platinum status with American Airlines to get the pre-flight meal.
The long process of freezing my eggs was daunting, emotional, and took over my life for a month. A week after my initial consult, I found myself the youngest by a mile in a room full of women over 35, at a two hour '101 of Egg Freezing' class at NYU. I was used to the older women's stares—most assumed I faced major fertility issues or was sick with some life-threatening disease. I openly explained that I was just being pragmatic. The overwhelming response was, 'I wish I had done it at your age. This is too much to handle physically and emotionally now.' The nurse overseeing the class showed us how to inject the various hormones ( HCG, Estrogen,ect) in our thighs. Egg Freezing 101 barely covered risks in a slide show. I'm sure it was in the fine print somewhere.
On the 16th day, I went in for surgery under general anesthetic. The actual surgery is fairly simple and takes less than 30 minutes: my eggs were removed with a large needle placed strategically through ultrasound guidance. I emerged from surgery an hour later, woozy but otherwise happy the 19 eggs were retrieved (10 – 15 is considered a success I was told). My stomach was noticeably swollen to the size of melon. When I insisted that my belly felt abnormally enlarged, the nurse simply gave me a one-sheeter on 'Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome (OHSS)' and told me to call if I worsened. For the next three days, I waddled around. A waitress mistook me for pregnant, and on Monday, I showed up to work looking 6 months pregnant. I was so uncomfortable I went home early. I was planning to call NYU on Tuesday when, mid-slumber Monday night, the excruciating pains hit.
* The Cowboys were challenged but found plenty against a determined Eels outfit in Townsville. Although captain Johnathan Thurston (79) didn’t have his best night he again showed why he is such a good NRL and SuperCoach player, stepping up when it mattered in the second half to guide the Cowboys and his coaches home.
For perspective on publishing dates, I was going to put in a timeline, but could only build a table…so let’s just call it a time-table. (Rimshot!) This is not meant to be an exhaustive list by any means, but a timeline to show where Memory, Sorrow & Thorn‘s publication dates sit relative to the other series discussed and relative to the first books of other fantasy series. Since this timeline starts with the 1950s (with the LOTR publications), it does leave out titles such as The Hobbit (1937) and the Gormenghast series by Mervyn Peake (starting with Titus Groan – 1946, Gormenghast – 1950 and Titus Alone – 1950) which Tad Williams sites as an influence.
There are, of course, many other series that could be mentioned here. On all of the sites that try such feats as rating the most popular fantasy series, the more recent the series (or the more recent the TV or movie adaptation), the higher the rating. This table is not meant to be such a rating but rather to show a progression juxtaposed against time. A true timeline would match these series against the events of the world around them: World War II; the Vietnam War; the spread of the Internet; Al Gore’s invention of the Internet (which should surely show on any fantasy timeline); 9/11; and other historical and social events that would influence writers, not just of epic fantasy but of all genres.
Thus, for the next book, Elias, Pryrates and the Storm King certainly seem to have the upper hand. But Simon has the sword Thorn, and has smote a dragon down…and has a piece of his hair burned white to show for it.
Mike now wants to know if they have any other systems than this static web server that shows the company’s details. After all, he is doubtful that he will have any luck hacking this server as most of the pages are just HTML files.
__A quick visit to https://tools.digitalpoint.com/zone-transfer and he discovers that they do not have global zone transfers allowed. (Mike prefers using this website as it won’t show his IP address for the query) A quick Google search reveals that only the company’s main website is indexed.
"The good news is that statistics show that in 2010, the number of stolen vehicles in Canada — approximately 93,000 — was down 15 per cent from 2009," Dubin said.
4. I can’t stand commenters who embrace the good, old-fashioned Moron Perspective, the idea that anyone who criticizes a politician from the right must be a member of the left. If I say, for example, Sarah Palin has no positions that show evidence of any concept of conservatism, don’t call me a liberal. Only a dolt would say that. Don’t be that dolt.
You mentioned your plans for the Olympics. What if you get injured like the media told before London? What if you don’t show good enough results? Can you lose the interest of all the sponsors?
Suppose you are a company that sells supplements. You come to Chingiz Mogushkov and offer to be his sponsor. Where will he show your products? Nowhere. But if he is active in social networks and TV, then there are ways to market the product. You will pay him more or less depending on how popular he is in social networks.
Last july I understood I should treat myself as a show business person. I brought myself to sponsors. You need to do that, or nobody will ever know you exist. Our first Polovnikov-Ilyin-Klokov Videos were written before we shot them. The jokes we told were scripted beforehand tried to make them as entertaining as we could.
“On par” is a “rip off” from a popular russian business TV show (‘business secrets’). I like business from childhood – I collected empty bottles when I was a kid and recorded music tapes for my friends for money.
“It’s not based on chronology. It’s based on having good test results that show it’s safe,” Gov. Rick Snyder said at a press conference. Water testing by experts earlier in the crisis was questioned by state regulators, who maintained Flint’s water was safe more than a year after lead contamination began. On Wednesday, the state’s new interim environmental quality director said no longer would his department ignore the work of outside experts. “We are on the same page, and we’ll make sure we’re on the same page,” said Director Keith Creagh. “There is no excuse...We’ll make sure the data is accurate, vetted, and transparent.” Officials gathered Wednesday to lay out short-term plans for addressing the lead contamination crisis as well as talk of their commitment for longer term fixes. Among the short-term actions would be continuing to supply bottled water and filters to residents, as well as asking the federal government to extend Medicaid eligibility to all children under the age of 21. Water testing would also continue, and a team of experts will be working with state and local officials to determine its safety.
“This is about working together to address the issue,” Snyder said. Lead from old pipes began leaching into water after the city’s water source was switched from Detroit to the more corrosive Flint River in 2014. Residents complained of their water’s brownish color, taste, and smell, and testing by outside experts confirmed a high presence of lead. For months, however, officials questioned the accuracy of the tests. Emails showed blame being shifted between state and local leaders, and residents concerns being dismissed. A task force later found fault with state environmental regulators, and earlier this month, Snyder apologized for the state response and declared a state of emergency. The regional administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency also resigned. The acknowledgements came far too late, according to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union also on Wednesday. “Public trust has been eroded by government officials’ efforts to evade responsibility in this crisis,” the suit said. “The damage done to city pipes from the Flint River water means that lead will continue to contaminate Flint’s drinking water. This contamination poses an ongoing health risk to the city’s residents, especially young children, who are most vulnerable to the effects of lead.” Snyder said the state’s first priority remained getting clean water to Flint. “Our goal is to get the water coming out of the tap safe as soon as possible,” Snyder said Wednesday. To do that most quickly, Snyder said officials would be working to recoat the interior of Flint’s lead pipes. Clean water is again coming into the city from Detroit, but the corroded lead pipes remain beneath Flint’s surface. Conversations about replacing lead pipes — and even identifying their location — is a longer term issue, Snyder said. “Where they are, we’re still mapping all that,” he said. “There’s a lot of work to be done there.”
Figures released this week by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services show 249,730 new citizenship applications were submitted from January to March, a 28 percent jump from last year and a 34 percent increase from last quarter.
Applying for citizenship doesn't guarantee acceptance — 19,564 applications were denied by USCIS during the quarter, with 442,219 still pending review, the agency said. Also, just because people apply to be U.S. citizens doesn't mean they'll automatically register to vote and show up to do so in November, something activists acknowledged on Friday.
For his part, Trump batted away concerns about his outreach to Hispanic voters. In an interview this week with Mario Lopez of the entertainment news show "Extra," Trump said: "I know all about your heritage and respect it greatly. My relationship with Hispanics is fantastic."
When you press F5 to run an ASP.NET project, Visual Studio can automatically launch IIS Express and use it to run/debug the application (no extra configuration required). Like the ASP.NET Web Server, IIS Express will show up in your task-bar tray when running:
Back in 2004, Jim Gilchrist, a retired Marine and the founder of the California Minutemen Project, emailed a few dozen friends and family suggesting that concerned civilians personally combat illegal immigration by traveling to the Arizona border with him. Gilchrist lives in Orange County, Calif., but the Arizona border was the most heavily trafficked and sparsely patrolled. That email reached thousands of people and touched a nerve. Hundreds showed up in April 2005 to patrol the border. Some of them brought floppy hats, lawn chairs, binoculars and American flags. Others toted guns and protest signs. The group banned neo-Nazis from attending, though some came anyway. A movement was born.
According to an analysis by Leonard Zeskind, who researches and advocates against what he calls far-right, racist or anti-Semitic groups, the number of Minutemen organizations dropped by more than half from 2010 to 2011. Only 53 Minutemen groups showed signs of activity last year—down from a high of 115 in 2010—and none of them are currently patrolling the border. Zeskind blames the tea party for absorbing a good chunk of the movement. The widely publicized murders perpetrated by a former Minutemen leader against a Hispanic child and her father also contributed to the groups' decline. Heidi Bierich, director of the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Project, says that the only organized volunteers patrolling the border right now are the ones originally not welcome: neo-Nazis.
In downtown Oakland, late on the evening of November 2 after a triumphant and mostly nonviolent day of mass actions, a building near Occupy Oakland’s encampment was seized, debris was piled up as if to make barricades that were only show barricades to set afire, not defend, trash cans were set on fire, windows broken, rocks thrown, and then there were altercations with the police. If the goal was to seize a building, one witness pointed out, then seize it secretly, not flamboyantly. The activity around the seizure seemed intended to bait the police into action. Which worked; police are not hard to bait. Activists and police were injured. What was achieved?
We stood up. We fought a nonviolent battle against four hundred riot police that was so effective the police didn’t even dare show up. That’s people power. The same day Occupy Oakland took its campsite back, with people power, and the black bloc kids were reportedly part of the whole: they dismantled the cyclone fencing panels and stacked them up neatly. That’s how Occupy San Francisco won. And that’s how Occupy Oakland won.
This week’s second estimate of US GDP shows a disappointing Q2 growth rate of 1.7 percent, just slightly faster than the 1.5 percent of the advance estimate released a month ago (see chart). These latest data ensure that weak GDP growth and what to do about it will remain major issues in the presidential election campaign.
Quite unlike snake oil in traditional Chinese medicine, there are quasi-justifiable means to codify snake oil in Western culture as a fraudulent panacea given that there are no known accounts of snake oil peddled in the United States or Europe containing any trace of actual snake extract. Thus, it is generally assumed that any variety of snake oil is in line with most other patent medicine available in the 18th and 19th centuries, although it is generally noted that snake oil is less dangerous than many other patent medicines containing intoxicating, or hazardous ingredients. Nonetheless, snake oil represents a concept for a particular type of fraud that may be extended to many of the same intoxicating drugs once sold at medicine shows that remain widely prescribed and available today. Most of these drugs are now manufactured by pharmaceutical companies, or fall under government control in some form or fashion.
The problem with a sponsorship by Milk Life, for me, is that their values do not jive with a whole foods, plant-based diet. It has long pervaded thought in the United States that “milk is good for you,” however recent research is beginning to show that this may not be the case. The negative impact of dairy on your body and on the environment as a result of the processes required to generate enough milk to actively support the many consumers in the US (and around the world) is difficult to ignore. Even more important is how producing milk on this level is unhealthy and considered by many animal rights activists to be an inhumane treatment of cattle. Not to mention, it is grotesque to think how by consuming milk, you are consuming the fluid of another living being as a source of food.
An examination of contributions of $500 or more, using the Huffington Post's Fundrace website, shows that employees of the top five arms makers - Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop-Grumman, Raytheon and General Dynamics -- gave Democratic presidential candidates $103,900, with only $86,800 going to Republicans.
The document shows that Parks Canada provided $100,000 “through contribution agreements to develop a visitation analysis to inform the proposal as well as to support a website to maximize public engagement and information sharing.” Also, “Parks Canada incurred expenses related to the Agency’s legislative requirements.”
The first to locate the Yamato’s task force had been the planes of Task Group 58.1, from the carriers San Jacinto, Bennington, Hornet, and Belleau Wood. Right behind them came the units from Task Group 58.3 and the carriers Essex, Bunker Hill, Bataan, and Cabot. In the third wave, nearly an hour later, appeared the 106 planes of Task Group 58.4 launched from Intrepid, Yorktown, and Langley. (The only group to miss the show was Task Group 58.2, which Mitscher had detached to protect the kamikaze-damaged carriers Franklin, Enterprise, and Yorktown as they limped to a repair facility at Ulithi.)
Condition (a) is a doxastic condition. It is meant to show that deaths (or increased risks for death) resulting from an individual’s act that causes death (or the risk thereof) are not suicides if the individual acts in ignorance of the relevant risks of her behavior (for example, when an individual accidentally takes a lethal dose of a prescription drug). At the same time, (a) accounts for cases such as the aforementioned terminally ill patient whose death is caused only indirectly by her request to die. Condition (a) does not require that S know that B will put her at a significantly greater risk for death, nor even that S’s beliefs about B’s lethality be true or even justified. Suicidal individuals sometimes have false beliefs about the lethality of their chosen suicide methods, greatly overestimating the lethality of over the counter painkillers while underestimating the lethality of handguns, for instance. An individual could believe falsely, or on the basis of inadequate evidence, that placing one’s head in an electric oven significantly increases one’s chances of dying, but that behavior is nonetheless suicidal. The demand that S believe that B makes death highly likely is admittedly inexact, but it permits us to navigate between two extreme and mistaken views. On the one hand, it implies that behavior which is in fact only marginally more likely to cause a person’s death is not suicidal (you are more likely to die driving your car than in your living room, but driving your car hardly qualifies as ‘suicidal’). On the other hand, to demand that S believe that B certainly or almost certainly will cause S’s death is too strict, since it will rarely be the case (given the possibility of intervening conditions, etc.) that B will necessarily cause S’s death, and in fact many suicidal individuals are ambivalent about their actions (Cholbi 2011, 31–35), an ambivalence which is in turn reflected in their selecting suicide methods that are far from certain to cause death. It also allows us to distinguish genuinely suicidal behavior from suicidal gestures, in which individuals engage in behavior they believe is not likely to cause their death but is nonetheless associated with suicide attempts, while in fact having some other intention (e.g., gaining others’ sympathy) in mind.
A second brand of social argument echoes Aristotle in asserting that suicide is a harm to the community or the state. One general form such arguments take is that because a community depends on the economic and social productivity of its members, its members have an obligation to contribute to their society, an obligation clearly violated by suicide (Pabst Battin 1996, 70–78, Cholbi 2011, 58–60). For example, suicide denies a society the labor provided by its members, or in the case of those with irreplaceable talents such as medicine, art, or political leadership, the crucial goods their talents enable them to provide. Another version states that suicide deprives society of whatever individuals might contribute to society morally (by way of charity, beneficence, moral example, etc.) Still, it is difficult to show that a society has a moral claim on its members’ labor, talents, or virtue that compels its members to contribute to societal well-being no matter what. After all, individuals often fail to contribute as much as they might in terms of their labor or special talents without incurring moral blame. It does not therefore seem to be the case that individuals are morally required to benefit society in whatever way they are capable, regardless of the harms to themselves. Again, this line of argument appears to show at most only that suicide is sometimes wrong, namely, when the benefit (in terms of future harm not suffered) the individual gains by dying is less than the benefits she would deny to society by dying.
McNabb co-hosts a show on ESPN Radio and also occasionally appears on First Take, while Davis co-hosts a show on ESPN Radio from Los Angeles.
Travis also poked a hole in Skipper/ESPN’s “substance abuse” claim by tweeting photos from a tipster, which appear to show Skipper and ESPN radio host Dan LeBatard at a bar in North Carolina:
A trip out to have a couple of drinks with your friend would all be perfectly normal and a total non-story except for the fact that Skipper just resigned from ESPN 11 days ago citing his struggles with substance addiction and his desire to get help for that addiction. Now maybe Skipper wasn’t addicted to alcohol — and it was some other drug instead — but if you have such an issue with substance addiction that you need to immediately resign from ESPN should you really be out drinking 11 days later with one of the most prominent employees at your former company? And if you’re Skipper’s good friend, Dan LeBatard, would you let your friend go out drinking with you if you knew he had a true issue with substance abuse and you were crying about it on your radio show 11 days ago? That seems highly unlikely.
There’s perhaps no other show in existence that so expertly depicts one man’s genuine descent into darkness quite so well as Breaking Bad. It’s a slow burn effect the creators were only able to achieve over several engrossing seasons. Remember when we used to feel sorry for Walt? At his core, he was a family man – his decision to start cooking ice grounded in a wanton desire to be a capable provider to his family, something a teacher’s salary simply could not accomplish. The problem? Walter White never intended to beat his bleak diagnosis, his measured survival borrowing time to sell off his soul entirely. It’s a fascinating character study unlike anything else on television.
Hardcore fans of the show are well aware Jesse was never originally intended to live on much past the first season. It seems hard to believe, considering how important the elements of duality & contrast has been between Jesse and Mr. White – both men’s experience in trafficking drugs responsible for significant transformations. Originally amounting to little more than a dead head, Jesse quickly became the heart of the show as his compassion for others, children in particular, started to bleed through his corroding exterior.
Breaking Bad, according to many, is still the best currently airing show on television. It’s had the advantage of additional seasons to further develop characters and craft a narrative. Homeland seems poised to grab the reins from Breaking Bad when the show ends in 2013. In a relatively short expanse of time, Homeland has established itself as a legitimate contender. It just remains to be seen whether or not a show setting the bar so high so early will be able to sustain itself.
Earlier satellite pictures show an airstrip on Vietnam's Spratly Island recently extended to accommodate most planes in its air force, according to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
Around 6,500 fans showed up to the Whitten Oval in Footscray late last season for an exhibition game between Melbourne and the Western Bulldogs. But for a game that’s not only for premiership points, but is the first-ever game in the first-ever season, you’d expect interest in it to be quite high.
Islamophobia in America is a real problem. Polls show that today, nearly half of all Americans report that Muslims make them feel ‘uncomfortable’. Mosque burnings, assaults, Congressional witch-hunts and hearings, racial and ethnic profiling, illegal surveillance programmes - all of these things are evidence of a social cancer that is festering within our society.
Clean Status Bar is an app I created in September 2014 to try and make taking nice screenshots for the Google Play Store easy and fast. Ugly screenshots are a distraction from the app you’re trying to show off, and have become somewhat of a pet peeve of mine. When I’m looking at an app on the Play Store and wondering whether it’s worth downloading or not, the first thing I look at is the screenshots. Why wouldn’t you show your app off at its best?
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
Europe has gone for chip cards since 2000. China has done it in 2002. By the end of 2004, almost all credit cards issued in Malaysia had been replaced with chip cards, and POS terminals have also been upgraded to accept chip cards. According to Bank Negara Malaysia (central bank), for the first half of the year 2005, statistics on credit card fraud showed that the number of cases and losses have declined by 43.2 percent and 33.5 percent respectively, compared with the same period in 2004. The US was compelled to start using this technology when credit card information stolen from Target, a large chain retailer, in 2013 brought the issue of the vulnerability of credit card information to the front. Thailand and India which were once havens for card frauds, have mostly introduced EMV-enabled debit cards by 2015.
Presently, there are 32,000 POS terminals where over 35,000 transactions take place per day. Nearly Tk 30 crore is transacted through these POSes daily. BB statistics also show that the number of debit cards and transactions doubled in the last four years reflecting the customers' growing dependence on plastic money. Yet banks have failed to take adequate security measures to protect customers.
Steven Q. Andrews has written two op-eds for the Asian version of the Wall Street Journal, in which he accuses Beijing's Environmental Protection Bureau of tweaking its method of calculating the city's air pollution index. That index is critical, because it is used to tabulate "blue sky days," which are the chief measure of Beijing's ability to control air pollution. When the blue-sky program was launched in 1998, there were just 100 days; last year the city recorded 246. But Andrews alleges that by changing the makeup of Beijing's air-pollution index, and dropping monitoring sites in areas with poor air quality, the city has been able to show improvements that don't match the reality of its smoggy skies.
Most of you are probably familiar with Adam Richman, the dude from "Man Vs. Food," a show on the Travel Channel. (The gist is he goes on eating challenges across the country and eats vomit-inducing portions at local restaurants. That’s it.)
He was a chubby dude the whole time the show was going on, but recently he’s lost a bunch of weight. Celebrities losing a lot of weight isn’t really a big story. Being famous means there’s a lot of pressure to look a certain way. If that’s what he wanted, if it makes him feel better, good for him. I’m all for body autonomy and what another person chooses to do with their body isn’t any of my business. However, it was brought to my attention that he posted this photo:
It's a picture of Adam Richman taking a mirror selfie in too-big pants to show off his weight-loss with the caption: “Had ordered this suit from a Saville Row tailor over a year ago. Think I’m gonna need to take it in a little…. #Victory #EyesOnThePrize #AnythingIsPossible #fitness #transformation #thinspiration”
Maxillary fragment, MHNT.PAL.2012.6.3 (Figs. 5A–5D). This incomplete maxillary ramus has six incomplete, straight to slightly curved alveoli, as well as two tooth roots and at least one unerupted tooth. The curvature of the bone, the shape of the roots in lateral and medial views, and the position of the replacement tooth with respect to the alveoli indicate that this specimen is part of the right side of the skull. Moreover, the increasing curvature of the rostral portion of the specimen is suggestive of close proximity to the premaxillary contact, permitting us to designate the alveoli as belonging to teeth 1–6 or 2–7. Of note, the interior of the mesialmost tooth has been replaced by a cast made from a coarse-grained, pale-brownish calcite nodule of alabastrine appearance (F Pezzotta, pers. comm., 2016). Position 4 (or 5) still houses the fossilized root dentine of a slightly larger tooth and, mesiomedially, the tip of a replacement tooth protruding vertically down and exposing the large denticles that are diagnostic of R. sakalavae. A small portion of the lateral (external) maxillary wall is preserved caudodorsally to this tooth position, showing the rugose texture seen in the caudal portion of the premaxilla MHNT.PAL.2012.6.2. In rostral view, a triradiate-shaped broken section of the bone marks the remains of the maxillary bony palate, at mid-height of the preserved alveolar height. Dorsal to the shelf, the medial (internal) wall of the maxilla shows a wide concave surface, relatively smooth where the bone is not broken; ventral to the shelf, the bone of the palate is even smoother, with larger nutritive foramina, but is much more concave (this is the transition point from the palate to the dentigerous margin).
Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Voting Rights Act is often called the crown jewel of the civil rights movement, yet many Americans do not know why or how it was passed. Pictured, NAACP Field Director Charles White speaks on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday, June 25, 2013, after the court limited use of a major part of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, in effect invalidating a key enforcement provision. Here are some key moments and characters in the voting rights saga. Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Three young civil rights workers were murdered in 1964 in Mississippi while trying to register black voters. The infamous murders showed that segregationists were willing to kill to keep African-Americans from voting. Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – John Lewis, a young activist who later became a congressman of Georgia, heads to a fateful encounter on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama during a 1965 march. Lewis was brutally assaulted by state troopers during the "Bloody Sunday" march that made voting rights a national issue. Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Marchers during the 1965 voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama gather for a rally on March 26, 1965, a few weeks after "Bloody Sunday." Black residents were beaten, fired from their jobs and imprisoned trying to vote. Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Viola Liuzzo, a Detroit housewife, was murdered while participating in the voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama, in 1965. Her death outraged the nation and helped spur passage of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Lyndon Johnson, pictured here discussing the act with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1965, went on national television to call for passage of the Voting Rights Act. He ended his speech by saying, "And we shall overcome." Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Rep. John Lewis speaks after bipartisan House and Senate officials met to voice support for reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act for an additional 25 years on May 2, 2006. From left, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and other officials listen during the media conference. Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President George W. Bush signs reauthorization of the act on July 27, 2006. From left, Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wisconsin, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tennessee, look on. Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Barack Obama marches with civil right veterans during a commemoration march in 2007. Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A conservative judge called the Voting Rights Act a racial entitlement but supporters of the act say it is the crowning victory of the civil rights movement. Pictured, people gather for a post-march rally after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the "Bloody Sunday" anniversary, March 4, 2012. Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law Executive Director Barbara Arnwine speaks during a news conference to voice opposition to state photo ID voter laws with the Rev. Jesse Jackson and members of Congress at the U.S. Capitol July 13, 2011. Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A supporter of the Voting Rights Act rallies in the South Carolina State House in Columbia on February 26, 2013, the day before oral hearings at the Supreme Court. Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Rev. Jesse Jackson, at the microphone, and the Rev. Al Sharpton, left, deliver remarks during a rally outside the U.S. Supreme Court on February 27, 2013, as the court prepared to hear oral arguments in Shelby County v. Holder, the legal challenge to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Supporters of the Voting Rights Act listen to speakers discussing the rulings outside the U.S. Supreme Court building on Tuesday, June 25, 2013. Hide Caption 14 of 14
NEW YORK, NY (June 19, 2014) — For the first time, a therapy has been found that can delay progression of metastatic uveal melanoma, a rare and deadly form of melanoma of the eye. Results from a multicenter clinical trial show that a new drug called selumetinib increases progression-free survival, the length of time during and after treatment that a patient with metastases lives with the disease without its progressing. The findings were published in the online edition of JAMA, the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Several years ago, researchers found that 80 percent of patients with uveal melanoma had mutations to GNAQ or GNA11, genes that activate signals in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. Dr. Schwartz and others subsequently demonstrated that inhibition of MEK, a key enzyme in the MAPK pathway, can inhibit the growth of uveal melanoma cells in the laboratory. Dr. Schwartz’s laboratory was the first to show this with selumetinib.
In 2013, Dr. Schwartz and his colleagues launched the first large-scale, Phase II, randomized trial of selumetinib. One hundred and one patients with metastatic uveal melanoma at 15 centers in the United States and Canada were randomized to receive either selumetinib or standard chemotherapy. Those in the chemotherapy group could receive selumetinib at any time if they showed signs of disease progression.
The retired neurosurgeon said his research, which took place in 1992, does not conflict with his call to defund Planned Parenthood after several undercover videos surfaced that purportedly show officials with the organization working with research companies using tissue from aborted fetuses.
Partygoers took to social media to share photos and videos of the concert. Videos showed the set list included "My Music at Work" and "New Orleans is Sinking."
Offense: It will be J.T. Barrett against Navy and for every game from that point forward, hinging on production, and the Buckeyes will tweak this entire offense to better suit his skill set. Translated: Run, run, run. For now, it's easy to see Tom Herman trade explosiveness from the position for simple consistency, particularly in the read-option running game. Gone are the Miller-led running plays, replaced by the backfield-led action – basically, a running game that begins with a stable of gifted running backs and then moves to the quarterback rather than vice versa, as was the case throughout Miller's turn in this system. That's not to say Barrett isn't athletic enough to make things happen; he showed some solid burst in the spring game, for example, and will allow the offense to maintain a similar flavor. It'll just be less explosive – but you knew that already.
Kickstarter’s Hidden Data Before I get to the details I need to point out that Kickstarter does not make it easy to get a complete picture. Search results and project listings on Kickstarter are biased toward live and successful projects. Some projects will not turn up in Kickstarter search results at all – for example no combination of keywords will reveal this project. Further, liberal use of meta “no index” tags on the site tell honest webcrawlers (like Google) not to index their content. What does this mean? It means while I know about 58K of the 64K projects on Kickstarter, my results are biased to the positive. The net effect is I show 48% of projects are successful, while the true rate published by Kickstarter is 44%. The charts below are not exact, but can be used to get a general idea of what is a “best practice” for a Kickstarter project.
Kickstarter has an option for a project FAQ at the bottom of the description. The chart shows just having an FAQ helps, but most (48K) projects have no FAQ at all. Because of this, I’m going to say while it’s good to put some content in FAQ form, I’m not going to count it in my stats.
Mr. Ells apologized for the outbreaks on NBC's "Today" show last week and said Chipotle is trying to make sure they don't happen again. "I'm sorry for the people who got sick. They are having a tough time, and I feel terrible about that," he said.
The real show starts when they get into their kooky beliefs about birth control.
To show that, I tried a histogram with the percent of yes votes. Since so many nomineees were confirmed by unanimous consent it was hard to fit them all in, even when I switched to a beeswarm plot and expanded the vertical space. To show how unique the votes on Trump’s nominees were, I tried counting the cumulative number of votes against his nominees. Not showing each nominee lost some of the connection to the news though.
Quick project done the day after the Trump administration published financial disclosure forms. The value of assets are listed as an estimated range, not an exact dollar amount. I tried overlapping circles and gradients to show the range, but a key explaining the different sizes was too clunky so we just showed the lower estimate on the web. It ended up pretty close to the original sketch.
With some additional time and space, Larry came up with some elegant labeling that showed the top and bottom of the range in the Tuesday paper.
We briefly talked about showing time in different ways - a line chart or small multiple maps by hour - but there was a chunk of time missing. After publishing, I explored an alternative representation with d3-contour which clearly shows the higher rate of hacking in Eastern Europe and China. It’s easier to use a nonlinear scale when you’re programming at a higher level than drawing rectangles on top of each other.
I started out just trying to show how much LeBron scored in each playoff game. A table of circles did a nice job of showing wins and losses, but area isn’t easy to compare at such a small size. Using height instead helped, but I wasn’t thrilled about information density; the pieces I’m proudest of are rich with detail that rewards exploration and careful reading.
After LeBron’s 11-point game gave me some extra time, I went back to the idea of trying to show each playoff game. Stacked bars eliminated the huge amount of vertical variation between games so players’ points were more perceivable. To distinguish series, I switched color from win/loss to playoff depth. This made me a little sad — you can’t trace your finger along and recall individual games like you could in the previous version — but it did a better job showing how players from different eras got their points. Finally, I used a small multiples layout instead of vertically sorting by time with a common x scale to fit more players in a smaller space.
I really wanted the gap charts to work - they show so many different stories with just a few lines! - so I spent some time tweaking the layout to squeeze them in. Distinguishing between positive and negative gaps wasn’t intuitive though (even with particle animation), so we ended up using an even more slimmed down version of the slope charts.
The trickiest part of this piece was finding the right data source. We wanted frequently updating, hourly data to show where the rain was falling the hardest and how much had fallen overall.
I started looking at the Global Precipitation Measurement Constellation which has data on rainfall around the world in 30-minute slices released on a 6-hour lag. After spending a few hours figuring out how to open up netCDF files, I realized the data wasn’t updated as regularly as I hoped. Coloring the data points by observation time showed the paths of satellites moving across the sky. Since not every point gets updated at the same time or on the same interval, calculating cumulative rainfall was trickier than just summing the hourly interval - too tricky to do on deadline.
Since both the cumulative and the hourly rainfall were interesting, I tried a bivariate color scale to trace the hurricane’s path in red. You can see the eye of the hurricane as it lands! All the colors were a little too much to explain in a key though, so we switched to circles to show the current path of the hurricane. We also had to cut down on the spatial resolution to keep the file size under control - maybe a video would have been better, but I’m a big fan of tiny charts inside of tooltips.
Nadja did most of the work on this piece. To distinguish the year lines I drew a slightly thicker black line behind each, a trick I picked up from a Bloomberg piece last year. To show the progression of time we used color to indicate year, which unfortunately made it quite similar to Bloomberg’s Arctic Sea Ice chart.
Design based on one of my favorite graphics. I added the y encoding of cumulative shots so the slope would show the rate of fire; you can see the bump stock’s irregular rate.
Some of the provisions in the bill had a comparatively small impact on revenue and weren’t tall enough to see as stacked boxes. Since we were also trying to show everything in the bill, I stole an idea from a Bloomberg piece and laid out a short description of each provision in a grid.
Canvas can’t animate hundreds of thousands of points, so we decided to rewrite in regl. Peter’s tutorial helped me start animating the points, but I ran into difficulties pretty fast. Rich Harris showed me how to draw opaque points, but they didn’t stack quite right; the areas with the highest densities weren’t the darkest. Totally stuck, we tried rewriting in canvas, but the lack of zoom was lame. I ended up asking for help in the regl chat and Ricky Reusser showed me how to fix it with a white background color.
The ‘Flashpoint’ story arc in the comics was a massive universe altering event. The Flash went back in time to save his mother, causing a new timeline where everything had changed. The end of The Flash‘s second season saw the CW’s version of the character do the same thing, using the same ‘Flashpoint’ plot device from the comics. The timeline changing event has the potential to crossover to the other shows in the universe, possibly altering events in Arrow, Supergirl, and Legends of Tomorrow. It may change characters stories, erase events entirely, and bring characters back who have already died. With that in mind, could ‘Flashpoint’ possibly bring back Tommy Merlyn to Arrow?
A year ago Chu contacted People magazine about her kleptomaniac kitty, and a star was born. Dusty has been on the David Letterman show and Animal Planet, and infrared footage of his nighttime antics are a hit on YouTube - there's even video of him dragging home a brassiere. The public can meet Dusty at an adoption event June 25 at the Peninsula Humane Society, where he will be posing for photos and allowing fans to pet him.
The cases show the hard compromises involved in rapidly clearing the backlog.
When a group of women came in Simone deftly showed them to a table, clutching a few menus in his hand.
“He’s really excited to be there,” said Korver. “He’s going to learn so much from Thibs. Early on in my career, I wish I would have had someone like Thibs to show me how to play really good team defense. That would have helped me a ton in my career. I feel like a lot of the success I’ve had the last couple of years is because of what I learned in Chicago. Being there with Thibs and learning how to play defense and being in an awesome, championship-caliber culture was really big for me. So Doug’s going to get that right now, like right at the very beginning, and it’s only going to do great things for his career. He takes the game very serious. He plays with a chip on his shoulder. He plays with an edge. He wants to be really good and he’s going to work for it. He doesn’t just want it; he wants to work for it. He dealt with every kind of defense. He’s been prepared for the NBA in so many ways, just in how he was guarded all the time, the pressure that was on him in Omaha, at Creighton. He’s a younger guy, but emotionally, he’s very mature.
Given the nature of "The Common Man & The Torg" and outspokenness of Torgerson's ex co-host Mike Ricordati (who has taken on Herbstreit himself), I would expect fireworks when their show comes on the air at 3 PM ET today if you're in the Columbus area.
Jason Massey is professional Dungeon Master and a co-owner/host of the Dungeons and Randomness podcast. Since 2012, it has grown into a huge show and his full time profession. He has just finished writing a setting book for his campaign setting in Theria alongside his partner Brianna Marie.
Richard Saunders starred as the Skeptical Judge on the TV show The One: The Search for Australia's Most Gifted Psychic. He is the host of the weekly podcast The Skeptic Zone, in its 11th year. An origami expert and children’s author, CSI Fellow, and life member of Australian Skeptics.
H. C. Warner produced the first install for Dragon Con's Pop Art & Comic show at the Sheraton in 2007. Over the past 20 years, he owned and operated Alcove Gallery, producing monthly shows, designing and building installations in the heart of one of Atlanta’s most art-centric boroughs.
"We knew we had an uphill battle," Resnick said Tuesday night. "Soglin had strong name recognition and showed he was favored by Madison residents."
Aetherworks Marvel decks were the archtype that showed up in the greatest numbers, constituting nearly 18% of the total field on Day 1. When they work, the various flavors of Marvel decks can drop a gigantic threat such as Ulamog or Emrakul into play as early as Turn 4. They have also generated some truly embarrassing moments for their pilots however, with too many of their top end threats stuck in hand resulting in fail to find adventures when activating the Marvel. Heading into Day 2 it will be important to identify whether a proportional number of these decks have made it through to Day 2, or whether the group think on going big was off the mark. The spike has already taken place however, with the card pushing from $10 to $20 early Friday evening. It will need to make Top 8 to avoid a wholescale sell off by the speculators come Monday.
The final Feature Match of the round doesn’t have more to add, except to show us how bad Chandra is against Vehicles. Her price is still on the decline until she’s able to stay in play.
Game 2 shows us the spell-Negate my spell trick to flip Thing in the Ice again, and only a couple of attacks are needed to win it. Yasooka is still playing Jace, Unraveler of Secrets, which seems amazing. If Duke attacks it, Jace has replaced himself and gained some nice life. If he doesn’t, the card advantage is real. It’s only a two-of, though, so big movement is probably unlikely.
The above shows people how to adopt this important attitude and etiquette, and how to interact with one another in accordance with the guidance of the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) and the righteous.
Addendum 2488-Beta: Miscellaneous Recovered Documents Hide Addendum DOCUMENT 2488 15-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall Meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting transcript implies that this was the first encounter with the anomaly related to SCP-2488. Several moments of hysteria among attendees broke out during the course of the meeting, calling for the mayor to sequester the newly reanimated subjects. It was, however, the sentiment of a small group of attendees that this was a newly raised opportunity from God. This group was later identified as members of the Safety Harbor Christian Chapel. Citizens of Safety Harbor agreed to isolate recently dead persons in a location that supposedly no longer exists. At the time, it was used as a general storage area for the town, near the western limit. Reanimated persons were to be held here until their second expiration. A rotating one-month cleanout process was established. DOCUMENT 2488 17-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Safety Harbor Chapel board meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting's transcript implies some disagreement over the board's stance on the reanimated subjects. The discussed religious implications mostly resulted in dissent and disagreement among members, some of which opposed the confinement of reanimated persons. By the end of the meeting, no official verdict was established. DOCUMENT 2488 23-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall meeting, circa early 1934 This is the third documented meeting solely on the topic of SCP-2488 events. Citizens show less aversion to reanimated subjects than before, after discussion of recent events. According to the transcript, a group of citizens (mostly from two of the town's larger families) broke into the warehouse and freed their reanimated relatives. After most reanimated persons had left the premise, a large procession was held for the proper burial of those who had experienced their second expiration. A mob of other citizens gathered to re-contain reanimated persons. It was at this time that Foundation personnel stepped in, suggesting that reanimated persons may not be inherently violent or ill-willed, like many held as a preconceived notion. During this night, after a Foundation-facilitated agreement was made between a significant portion of the town, the first "grave parties" were held. Although the original intent was a small town gathering the following day, the expiration of several reanimated persons led to their burial during the festivities, which initiated a newly found notion of "grave parties". DOCUMENT 2488 34-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Mayor Burk's self-presented eulogy, circa late 1935 The eulogy delivered by Mayor Burk, apparently while standing on a podium over his self-dug grave, summarizes events since the beginning of SCP-2488 manifestation events. (This also marked the beginning of the tradition for reanimated subjects to dig their own graves, which was integrated as a part of "grave parties".) The presence of reanimated subjects at this time is considered a normal occurrence in Safety Harbor, and the original misgivings of citizens are restated. Despite the fear, and the destruction of the original town hall during the first reanimation event, Safety Harbor is summarized as showing immense growth, especially with the construction of a new town hall in early 1934, by reanimated subjects and living subjects alike. After delivering this eulogy, the "grave party" ensued until Mayor Burk stated a slowly approaching weakness coming over him, at which point he was lowered into his grave, and the celebration continued with a ceremonial filling of the grave and a second dessert course.
Notes from Investigation Member Taylor: This recovered documentation was discovered as investigation into SCP-2488 was initiated. An abandoned office space found near the center of Safety Harbor, roped off as "Heritage Restoration In Progress", was one of the first subjects for investigation. No one had ever heard of the place before, and it didn't show up on the town map. It was, as the mayor said, a storage space full of heritage documents that they didn't dare to go through, lest they damage or lose any of them. Prior to amnesticization, we inquired a little into the SCP-2488 events, to see if he knew anything. The mayor couldn't tell us much, other than that it was some old folklore rolling around the town.
Further investigation into SCP-2488 has been reopened, and instances have begun to manifest randomly in adjacent cities as well. Testing has shown that these instances of SCP-2488-1 show similar properties to documented events. Full investigation has been initiated, per request from Site 23 research personnel.
Screensaver: show date and time in lock dialog;
new “command” applet to show the output of a command;
Ronald Gasser did not stand over Joe McKnight when he shot him, JPSO, coroner say Evidence and autopsy results show Gasser, the man authorities say admitted to fatally shooting Joe McKnight, did not fire on the former NFL player while standing over him, Jefferson Parish authorities said.
“Before you had a functioning state. That shows your relevance. If you no-longer have the state, you have to do other things to show ‘Hey, we’re still around.’” Preferably, big things, he said. “In the West, that becomes even more of an imperative.”
Poorly conceived or no, it’s one of many laws, like the 1974 Privacy Act, that shows up in daily discussions about what the center can and can’t do, sometimes to the chagrin and confusion of foreign partners. “It’s part of the conversations that we have with our partners around the globe so that they understand the challenges that we have.” After all, Facebook, Twitter, and even Telegram are global companies. Millions of people from around the world interact with one another. That’s the whole point. But that makes trying to influence some people but not others incredibly difficult. “We’ve been very transparent about the fact [that] this is hard,” says Lumpkin.
There is growing realization amongst hardline Zionist groups that critics of Israel and its brutal occupation are winning over the public across the world … [so] groups such as Shurat HaDin dare to pursue legitimate advocates of Palestinian justice. In Australia, with barely any public support … the tiny organization is attempting to shut down the few outspoken backers of BDS through tribunals and the courts. Public opinion polls now show in Australia that a majority of the population supports Palestine so Shurat HaDin are fighting a losing battle.
It is no secret that sectors of civil society—the civil liberties organizations, the organized bar, much of the news media—battled Bush and his henchmen (and now Obama and his henchmen) to prevent abuses of civil liberties by military tribunals. Bravin showed that they had an important set of allies in that fight. To the extent that liberty and due process have survived, they endure thanks in large measure to men and women on the inside, who rebelled against, and in subtle ways worked to undermine, what they deemed threats to the nation's fundamental institutions.
Thanks to Lt. Commander Swift and the Supreme Court, Hamdan, who had been Osama bin Laden's chauffeur, received a fair trial. The government charged him with terrorist conspiracy and with providing material support to terrorists, essentially attempting to hold Hamdan responsible for the actions of his employer. Because of the absence of evidence that Hamdan did much of anything other than drive the boss around, the prosecution tried to fill in the gaps by calling an expert witness, Evan Kohlmann. For the munificent sum of $25,000, Kohlmann lectured the military jury on the horrors of the Al Qaeda terror network. Both civilian and military prosecutors frequently call on Kohlmann, whose credentials are scant, to frighten jurors with his vivid narratives. (Disclosure: Kohlmann brought his dog-and-pony show to a trial in federal district court in which I served on the defense team.)
In this week’s episode Variety executive editor of TV Debra Birnbaum and editor at large Michael Schneider talk to Greg Berlanti, the mastermind behind TV’s biggest comic book shows including “Supergirl,” “Arrow” and “The Flash,” as well as “Blindspot” and the upcoming “Riverdale.”
Berlanti talks candidly about the process of moving “Supergirl” to a “new network and new city.” During Season 1 the show aired on CBS and was filmed in Los Angeles. For Season 2 the show moved to the CW and filmed in Vancouver. He also revealed plans for a crossover episode between the “Supergirl,” “Flash” and “Arrow” universes.
He added, “It’s also ‘Supergirl’s’ winter finale because the show is premiering a week later. So a bulk of the story in that episode is still paying off things that’s happening in the fall, and then she kisses into the larger story and she’s very much an active part of the crossovers across the three shows.”
The producer and writer also talked about the process of juggling so many shows at once.
“There’s always at least one or two episodes across any of the shows — and a never really know what it’s going to be — that I’m more intimately involved with,” Berlanti said. “It helps me stay connected to the show and, no, I’m not that way on every episode of every show. I just couldn’t be. But it also allows me a different sort of vantage point.”
J1649+2635 is a "grand design spiral," meaning it shows well-defined spiral arms emanating in unbroken lengths from the center. In that respect it resembles the Milky Way, also a spiral, and conforms to one of the main established galaxy types.
That's odd, as such jets are usually found in elliptical galaxies, which contain stars that are older than those found in spirals. This is only the fourth spiral galaxy found so far to emit these jets. It is also the first "grand design" galaxy to show a "halo" of visible light around it, probably the glow of a vast cloud of stars.
The new hotness in the chain restaurant industry is “fast casual” dining—basically fast food places that are a bit more expensive and a bit better than the traditional offerings. Chipotle is the biggest recent business success in this area, but in some ways the most interesting success stories are places like 5 Guys, Shake Shack, Smashburger, and other participants in the so called “better burger” category. They show that you don’t really need to invent a whole new genre of restaurant to build a successful business.
Now that we are all set up, your screen should show a garage door on it.
I did have some minor issues with the Android app. I wasn’t the biggest fan of the interface when trying to change the settings of the device. Every time I tried to change the name, it would show a loading circle and move my cursor over. It also seemed like the app would sometimes get out of sync with the actual device. Fortunately for us, there is a beta build of the Android app on the forums that I’ve heard solves a lot of quirks.
While the industry frets about "lost sales," it has done very little to evolve from the bloated form it took on during the 40+ year run where multiple format shifts resulted in unprecedented sales figures. It's not just the corporate structure that's a problem. And this isn't to say labels haven't shed personnel over the years. It's just that they've been forced to make cuts due to falling revenue, rather than actively working to streamline their operations to fit the expectations of the internet age. Frontline staff and low-level employees have lost jobs but there are still many layers of employees distancing artists from those who own them.Then there are the lawyers. Some are there to ensure every last bit of revenue can be wrung out of an artist before any royalty checks are cut. Some are there to explore every possible legal angle that might be used to combat piracy The first sort have always been present. The latter still exist only because industry heads still hold out hope that file sharing can somehow be defeated with court orders and legislation.Albini says the first set are roughly as useless as the last.But youneed a contract if the "relationship" is actually just exploitation. This is why contracts are of utmost importance to the recording industry. Artists may initially show enthusiasm when offered a recording contract, but a few years down the road, they often find they're cranking out recordings just to avoid going deeper in debt. An equitable agreement -- like those used by Albini (who prefers a flat-rate fee for his production work, rather than seeking a cut of every sale or stream in perpetuity) -- doesn't need a multi-page contract or a team of lawyers. Honesty and openness up front can trim a lot of pages from an agreement... as well as the jobs of lawyers whose entire purpose is to ensure "agreements" are as long and inscrutable as possible.Lastly, Albini goes after copyright -- itself a legacy business model.Those arguing that stronger copyright protections will somehow "control" social sharing aren't grasping the reality of the situation. As it stands now, any copyright holder can demand $150,000 per infringement in statutory damages, and yet, that has had no appreciable effect on infringement. Just ask Rightscorp , which offers $20/infringement "settlements" while waving threats of $150,000 "fines" over internet subscribers' heads. It's in the business of spending money to lose money.The idea that lifetime+ copyright terms will put creators' grandkids through college is likewise suspect. Grandkids are going to college thanks to these terms, but they're the descendants of label execs and studio heads.The "control" offered by copyright is an illusion. The continued belief in this misconception allows labels to take advantage of artists. An artist may feel (incorrectly) that an individual can never hope to fully exploit his or her creations without the assistance of the marketing and legal teams of major labels, but they almost invariably have to give up full control of their creations to make use of these services. What good is their copyright then? It's not even. And the assistance they're receiving is charged up front at full retail and paid off with royalties -- a tiny percentage of actual sales and profit.As Albini points out, the way people enjoy music continues to change, and attempts to offer iterations of existing platforms and services is missing the point. People, for the most part, don't care about the quality of streaming music. They only care about the convenience. Albini notes that people carried around transistor radios to enjoy music on the go, something that offered truly terrible sound quality, but was no less popular for doing so. The way people consume and distribute creations will continue to change, but trying to harness that potential using contracts, outdated business models and delusions of control will never work.
Boehner begged for a one-on-one negotiation with Obama — a power play to show he, not his unruly conference, was running the show. He emerged from Mitt Romney’s loss as a strengthened leader: He’s the most powerful Republican in the country.
Inflation hit an 11-year year high in November. Thursday's figures show that it fell back in December, although at 6.5% it remains a worry.
The flooding is serious in some areas of the city. WWL-TV showed images of cars half-covered in water near an underpass at Gentilly Boulevard and Paris Avenue, and cars were stalled in floodwaters at Louisa Street and Chef Menteur Highway.
A violent, left-wing extremist group has defended a leading Islamic businessman’s claim Australian women need Muslim men to fertilise them, calling his critics ‘bigots’ and ‘racists’. Halal Certification Authority president Mohamed Elmouelhy told his Facebook followers Australia’s white race would die out within 40 years. He added that with Australian men a ‘dying breed’, local women needed Muslim men to ‘fertilise them’ and ‘keep them surrounded by Muslim babies’. Despite the outcry on social media last week, left-wing extremist group Antifa has described Mr Elmouelhy’s critics as ‘bigots’, even though he had called for ‘bigots’ to commit suicide. ‘Racists attacking Mohamed Elmouelhy – more Muslim babies is a good thing. Bigots,’ it said on Facebook. This is the same group which claimed responsibility in June for spraying conservative Sky News commentator Andrew Bolt with glitter at a book launch in Melbourne. Less than eight weeks later, they are weighing into more controversy by defending Mr Elmouelhy, who was commenting on Hebrew University in Jerusalem publishing research which showed sperm counts in men from Australia, New Zealand, North America and Europe had declined by more than 50 per cent in less than 40 years. ‘Your men are a dying breed, Australian women need us to fertilise them and keep them surrounded by Muslim babies while beer swilling, cigarette smoking, drug injecting can only dream of what Muslim men are capable of,’ he said. ‘Muslims have a duty to make your women happy.’ Mr Elmouelhy, who is the president of Halal Certification Authority, said Australia’s white race ‘will be extinct in another 40 years’ if the country is ‘left to bigots’. …
Jamie Lorriman, who took the photo and is based in London, told Australia’s ABC the series of images he took showed the woman’s distress. “The people who took on that picture are being rather selective,” he said. “In the other picture in the sequence she looks truly distraught ... personally I think she looks distressed in both pictures.
His tweets, and others making the same comparison, were met with a variety of responses, ranging from scathing to supportive. Defending the woman, some users shared images of the scene on Westminster Bridge that showed other passers-by appearing unconcerned.
Lorriman, who had been taking photographs of parliament at the time of the attack, told The Guardian he felt the pictures clearly showed the woman in distress.
Calderón initiated what has been called the second cycle of Spanish Golden Age theatre. Whereas his predecessor, Lope de Vega, pioneered the dramatic forms and genres of Spanish Golden Age theatre, Calderón polished and perfected them. Whereas Lope's strength lay in the sponteneity and naturalness of his work, Calderón's strength lay in his capacity for poetic beauty, dramatic structure and philosophical depth. Calderón was a perfectionist who often revisited and reworked his plays, even long after they were first performed. This perfectionism was not just limited to his own work: several of his plays rework existing plays or scenes by other dramatists, improving their depth, complexity, and unity. Calderón excelled above all others in the genre of the "auto sacramental", in which he showed a seemingly inexhaustible capacity to giving new dramatic forms to a given set of theological and philosophical constructs. Calderón wrote 120 "comedias", 80 "autos sacramentales" and 20 short comedic works called entremeses.
As Goethe notes, Calderón tended to write his plays taking special care of their dramatic structure. He therefore usually reduced the number of scenes in his plays as compared to those of Lope de Vega, so as to avoid any superfluity and present only those scenes essential to the play, also reducing the number of different metres in his plays for the sake of gaining a greater stylistic uniformity. Although his poetry and plays leaned towards culteranismo, he usually reduced the level and obscurity of that style by avoiding metaphors and references away from those that uneducated viewers could understand. However, he had a liking for symbolism, for example making a fall from a horse a metaphor of a fall into disgrace, the fall representing dishonour; the use of horoscopes or prophecies at the start of the play as a way of making false predictions about the following to occur, symbolizing the utter uncertainty of future. In addition, probably influenced by Cervantes, Calderón realized that any play was but fiction, and that the structure of the baroque play was entirely artificial. He therefore sometimes makes use of meta-theatrical techniques such as making his characters read in a jocose manner the clichés the author is using, and they are thus forced to follow. Some of the most common themes of his plays were heavily influenced by his Jesuit education. For example, as a reader of Saint Thomas Aquinas and Francisco Suárez, he liked to confront reason against the passions, intellect against instinct, or understanding against will. In common with many writers from the Spanish Golden Age, his plays usually show his vital pessimism, that is only softened by his rationalism and his faith in God; the anguish and distress usually found his œuvre is better exemplified in one of his most famous plays, La Vida es sueño (Life Is a Dream), in which Segismundo claims:
It’s hardly surprising that hostility to the EU, which shows no signs of being open to deep-seated reform, is growing across the continent. Or that many progressive people in Britain, previously attracted to what seemed its cooperative internationalism, are moving towards voting no in the planned in-out referendum in the face of its brutal authoritarianism towards Greece. In their zeal to discipline the eurozone, the continent’s elites are killing their European project.
But they say Unbehaun’s willingness to stick up a bank, even though he walks with a cane and has had hip-replacement surgery, shows just how determined he is to stay behind bars, making him a public danger at an age when most criminals have settled down.
A federal criminal complaint charging one count of bank robbery allegeds that during thge robbery, Unbehaun told the teller, “This is a hold up. I have nothing to lose. Give me the money in the drawer.” He then opened his jacket to show a handgun in the waistband of his pants.
By now, you all know that Nokia did the unthinkable yesterday and announced an Android line-up of devices at Mobile World Congress, after criticizing the platform for years and pushing Windows Phone with their Lumia brand. That launch comes so close to the company’s smartphone division being completely enveloped under Microsoft — end of Q1 2014 should be the final date — that we’re left scratching our head. Despite the huge amount of hands-on videos that have showed us everything we need to know about the X series, we’re left with many unanswered questions. Here they are.
In 2014 and 2015, federal researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) joined forces with the FBI to launch a program to accelerate tattoo recognition technology. As part of Tatt-C (the code name for NIST’s "Tattoo Recognition Technology Challenge"), officials assembled a giant dataset of prisoner tattoos and divvied it out to biometric companies, research institutions, and universities. They were asked to run five experiments to show how well their algorithms could match tattoos under various circumstances.
First shown at the 2007 SEMA show as part of the launch of the then-new Volvo XC70, the Surf Rescue took the standard car and cranked it up- literally. The XC70 Surf Rescue is lifted a few inches over stock and equipped with some of the first diamond-cut wheels Volvo’s ever produced. The bright, primary color scheme, too, makes the Surf Rescue exactly the kind of vehicle you’d picture Miami’s South Beach lifeguards cruising around in.
The Arizona senator’s 14th visit to the show brought a loud and spontaneous ovation from Jay Leno’s special Veteran’s Day audience of U.S. service men and women.
The final show of the night was, in all likelihood, the the main reason quite a few people came. It was, after all, not only Ramshackle Glory’s final show, but also Pat the Bunny’s final performance before quitting punk entirely. Over the course of the day, the people around me had been speculating how the set might go down. At one point, someone joked “maybe his heart is actually going to explode,” a reference to a line in “From Here To Utopia” that made us laugh, albeit somewhat nervously.
With that in mind, I’d be lying if I didn’t enter the show with both a sense of disappointment, and high expectations. Would this be a climactic lamentation on recovery and anarchism, or would it feel like an obligatory farewell from someone who no longer felt a connection to his audience? It turned out to be something wonderfully different.
The band proceeded to play a tribute to Erik Peterson, giving their rendition of Departure/Arrival. Then, after the brief “Club Hits of Today Will Be The Showtunes of Tomorrow”, they played “Last Song, Part 2”. The crowd surged forward one last time, to bask in what truly felt like the conclusion of a beautiful punk legacy. They savored every moment, until the show was ended with the same line that concluded the album I fell in love with almost three years ago, “so maybe god isn’t the right word but I believe in you.”
“Before I was at MacLean hospital, if someone had said mental health to me, the first thing that came to mind was mental toughness, masking pain, hiding, keeping it in … that’s what was embedded in me since I was a kid. You know, never show a sign of weakness. And it’s funny, because now I know it’s the total opposite. It’s being able to have the strength to pick up the phone and ask someone for help.”
While Mike Davis has gained a meager 3.3 yards per attempt on his 58 carries this season, he has flashed the ability to make plays in this offense. During the Seattle Seahawks’ victory over the Dallas Cowboys, Davis gained 25 yards on 15 carries. Even though this number is certainly not impressive, he did this behind some very hit-or-miss blocking by his offensive line. For this breakdown, I want to highlight some of his plays to show you some of the impressive things he did on tape and how he will continue to gain more snaps versus the Arizona Cardinals.
Overall, I gave Davis a “B” grade on this game. By my tracking, he had six positive scoring runs, two negative scoring runs, and seven neutral scoring runs. If he didn’t have the one big negative run that I showed above, he easily would have been a “B+” on the day but that bad play lowered his average.
Like the first time, though, Johnstone wasn’t despondent for long. Laing showed up at Autzen Stadium to find him waiting for her in the parking lot.
For the past 13 years, I have been fortunate to be a full-time musician. Since the time of our daughter’s birth in 2003, I was at home with her during the day and working at night. Three years before my marriage ended, my wife and I agreed to switch roles. In order to make this arrangement work, I was extremely ambitious and found a way to work a 9-5 job as well as teach, perform in an Off-Broadway show and perform in weddings and corporate events. I paid all the bills while she took care of our daughter.
Yet the outlook is far murkier than the view projected from the markets, Olivier Desbarres, an independent currency strategist previously with Barclays and Credit Suisse, says on this week’s Emerging Opportunities show with Frontera Managing Editor Gavin Serkin.
Brazil’s political crisis is one of many unknowns confronting emerging market investors. North Korea’s increasingly long-range nuclear capability, Islamic State’s spread into Asia and Vladimir Putin’s expanding influence are part of the big picture analysed on the show by Phill Hynes, the head of ISS Risk.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
The Wisconsin governor dropped out of the 2016 presidential race in September, and campaign finance reports released last month showed his short-lived campaign raised $7.4 million but spent money as quickly as it came. Those reports showed the campaign burned through about $90,000 a day, in part due to exorbitant salaries paid to a massive staff.
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - This booking photo provided by the Hamilton County, Ohio Sheriff shows Deasia Watkins in Cincinnati. A Hamilton County judge on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, found Watkins incompetent for trial on an aggravated murder charge. Watkins, 20, is...
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - This booking photo provided by the Hamilton County, Ohio Sheriff shows Deasia Watkins in Cincinnati. A Hamilton County judge on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, found Watkins incompetent for trial on an aggravated murder charge. Watkins, 20, is...
Court records show Watkins was diagnosed with post-partum psychosis and had been prescribed anti-psychotic medicatio
Saraiya commented that newsmagazine shows never do well, which is the format of Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly. Kelly is slated to take over a 9 a.m. morning show soon.
She delivered a harsh criticism of Kelly that showed how disappointing her career at NBC is turning out to be.
However, researchers discovered that mothers with addictions showed a striking pattern of decreased activation in these same brain regions when viewing happy face images of their own infant.
Insignia is the in-house Best Buy brand. I bought this monitor to replace an old CRT monitor. It's not flashy but so far its getting the job done. I had bought a Dell monitor similar to it and found that this Insignia was better in the fact that it has ports for DVI, HDMI, VGA and a headphone jack (all located at the bottom and behind the monitor). *Remember DVI cables carry audio if you want to use the head phone jack. There are no speakers (that I know of on the monitor and no place to mount a speaker bar). The Dell monitor had left off the DVI port while Insignia got this right. Boo on Dell for that! The Dell monitor's base was a little more solid than the Insignia. The Insignia does wiggle around a little if your desk is not solid enough and you bump the desk. The image quality shows the colors are off a little if you are not looking directly right at it. The max resolution on this monitor is about average for an economical purchased. I will be using it for Microsoft office, web surfing and watching some Netflix. I have this hooked up to two computers using a KVM switch. Each of the PCs are Windows 7 and 8.1. There was no software CD to install drivers, I just used the drivers that Microsoft installed during installation. Buttons are directly on the front. Actually scratch the word button it is just a touch to the area the buttons would be at. The power light at the front does go off when you shut it down. The Insignia logo comes up for a second or two on the screen before you can use the monitor. I've had this up and running for a couple of weeks now since this review. So... so far I am satisfied with my buy.
Fitzgerald and Bridger took Glass' rifle, knife, tomahawk and flint; if they showed up empty-handed, Henry would have asked where the weapons were, and they wouldn't get paid.
Let's not underestimate the sheer wealth of data Microsoft (and indeed Sony) has on its userbase and how we interact with hardware. Online services allow the platform holders to monitor information how your console is being used, what peripherals are attached, what displays you're using and what games and apps are being loaded. Statistics showed that for many users, the Xbox 360 was being utilised more for media streaming than it was for actual gameplay. Nielsen's 2011 research demonstrated that after watching directly from a computer, games consoles were the next most popular form of media streamer.
Thanks to the remarkable Xbox 720 vision document leak, we actually have a unique insight into the thought processes that produced the Xbox One. Put together as a discussion document for an internal summit hosted during September 2010, the PowerPoint presentation showed us in extreme detail how Microsoft were approaching the follow-up to Xbox 360. Apple and Google were defined as key competitors as well as Sony and Nintendo, while "next-gen sensors" like Kinect and VR/AR glasses were viewed as key points of differentiation that Microsoft could exploit. The need to "appeal to broad audiences" and "scale the business" to set-top boxes and beyond was identified.
"India has been the torchbearer of trying to show countries that there can be innovation and invention in the field, but making sure that unmerited patents don't get granted," said Tahir Amin, co-founder at the Initiative for Medicines, Access, & Knowledge.
After a few months, tests showed that Bigsby's Hepatitis C virus has disappeared.
But these criteria do not show why ‘dog’ is a secondary substance term and ‘brown thing’ is not. So we need marks for being a secondary substance, or substance concept. On this he says two things.
Descartes believed in only two kinds of substance: material body, which is defined by extension, and mental substance, which is defined by thought, which, in this context, is more or less equivalent to consciousness. Descartes (like Aristotle and unlike most of his contemporaries and immediate successors) was not an atomist. He did not believe in a void between bodies, so there is a sense in which there is just one material substance, numerically as well as specifically. For Descartes, therefore, material substance falls more naturally into the stuff category, rather than into the thing category. The situation is different for mental substance. The cogito shows that Descartes definitely believes that each person is a different individual mental substance.
Perhaps it is more profitable to ask whether, in his own terms, Locke ought to have accepted bare substratum. If we accept that the question of what binds together the qualities of a macroscopic object can be answered by appeal to the minute parts, the issue would then be what binds the primary qualities of atoms. Do the size, shape, mass, solidity of a particular atom require a bare substratum to inhere in for them to constitute a coherent object? Would they, without such a substratum be just a stack of qualities, a house of cards with nothing holding them together? There does not seem to be anywhere in the text where Locke discusses this problem—that is, the coherence of atoms as opposed to composite objects—explicitly. One possible resort is to treat solidity as the core or master quality and all the others as features of it. One would never ask what binds together a patch of colour and its shape, because the shape is the shape of the colour patch, and, though the shape of something can change, its shape cannot come away from it, like a separable component. Perhaps the shape, size and density of an atom are similarly features of the solidity. The quality solidity would then become equivalent to the notion of material stuff or material substance and Locke shows no sign of wanting to elide the ideas of quality and substance in this way, though it should be noted that this is what Descartes does with extension. Because he does not believe in void, extension carries with it the other basic properties of matter as features of it.
The matter is not so simple, however. It is possible, and not uncommon, for concepts of a certain kind to be exemplified, but for it to be the case that, nevertheless, entities answering directly to those concepts are not included in the most economical statement of one’s ontology. This is reductionism, and it can operate in either of two ways, namely either analytical reductionism or what one might call de facto or ‘nothing but’ reductionism. In the present case, it would conform to the analytical option if the concept of substance could be analysed in terms of properties or events (e.g., ‘to be a substance =df to be a collection of properties bound together in way W’). But one might still hold that, though the concept of substance is not precisely analysable and is indispensible, substances in fact are nothing but collections of properties. This latter is the de facto option. So the existence of substances does not show that the concept is important from a philosophical perspective, or, if it has some significance, whether this is just as a necessary part of our conceptual scheme, or as an ineliminable feature of reality itself.
Second, the language of constitution is more natural if the situation is described in some ways rather than others. It is natural to say that the statue is made of clay or even from a piece of clay. But suppose one characterizes the clay more exactly, in terms of the particular atoms in a particular arrangement. Strictly, on modal grounds, this structured collection and the statue are different. The statue could have been made of a collection of atoms with at least some different members, but the entity defined as containing just those atoms could not. This entity—atoms A 1 …A n in given spatial arrangement S—is not a very natural kind of object, but it is a real body, in a way that something arbitrarily composed of, for example, half of this table and two toes from President Bush’s left foot is not. This collection of atoms in this structure is what investigation would show to be really there. Though it is natural to say that the statue is constituted by the atoms, it is less natural to say that the atoms and the structure taken together, are what it is made from: rather it might seem natural to say that that is what it is. To use the Aristotelian terminology, there is strong pressure to say that atoms and structure together are matter and form, and hence are the complete individual.
As you can see, Titanium displays a page that shows you every PHP configuration setting it has. Notice that you have support for Sessions, SQLite, and SimpleXML (among other valuable tools) and that Titanium knows about your local environment (for example, where the WebKit libraries are located and what your _ENV['HOME'] setting is.
While fertility trends among highly educated women show a clear pattern of less childlessness and bigger families, the trends among less-educated women are not as clear-cut. Childlessness is down among women lacking a high school diploma and among women with a bachelor’s degree, but otherwise family size for these two groups has changed little since 1994. And among high school graduates, the share of women ages 40 to 44 with one child has increased, but there has been no change in the share with bigger families.
The image was intended to show how artificial intelligence could affect day-today life, the BBC reports.
Bastian Schweinsteiger admitted it "wasn't easy" training by himself during his exile from the first team at Manchester United, but added he didn't give up because he wanted to show the club he was a player people could trust.
"I said 'OK I accept it, but still want to stay here and want to train. I want to show I am a player you can trust.' And that's what I was doing at Manchester. I was then training with the first team and playing with the first team. I mean it was not easy when I was training by my own for three months."
First was the ICM poll for Scotland on Sunday which was followed by TNS BMRB. Now another poll has emerged which also shows the same broad trend.
But her recent health scare, in which she deceived virtually everyone about the real severity of her illness and showed extraordinarily bad judgment in continuing her public appearances, can only feed the deep distrust that so many voters, including many Democrats, now feel toward the former First Lady.
Biden, in fact, stacks up incredibly well against Trump, according to polls. In late 2015, surveys showed that Biden performed better than Clinton – and even Sanders – in head-to-head competition with the entire GOP field. Against Trump, Biden had an 18-point lead. Clinton trailed all GOP candidates except Trump and her lead was relatively small – just as it is currently.
In 1977, Sarah's relationship with Prince Charles led to the first meeting between Diana and her future husband.[10] She later commented on her sister's marriage saying: "I introduced them. I'm Cupid."[11] During the period in which she dated the prince, she allegedly met two reporters, James Whittaker and Nigel Nelson, at a restaurant and gave them an exclusive report on her royal connection.[12] She is said to have admitted to having been diagnosed with anorexia, having "thousands of boyfriends", a past problem involving alcohol, and that she had started keeping a scrapbook of all the press clippings about her royal romance that she intended to "show" future grandchildren. "Her head seemed to be turned by the publicity", the two reporters later said. She also declared that she would not marry Charles "if he were the dustman or the King of England".[12] When the article was released, she showed it to the prince, which made him furious[12] and he replied, "You've just done something incredibly stupid". The relationship dissolved soon after that. Some have stated the relationship between her and Diana was strained, because of her long resentment of the Prince marrying Diana and not her, though others (including Diana's biographer Andrew Morton) have said she was one of the few people Diana trusted. Later in Diana's life, she often accompanied Diana on official visits as one of her ladies-in-waiting.[13]
Jahlil’s father has a home movie to show me. It’s from April 1997, when Jahlil was a toddler. Chukwudi (pronounced Chuh-Koodie, but you can call him Chucky) and Jahlil’s mom, Dacresha Benton, or Dee, were living in Poteau, Oklahoma, enrolled at Carl Albert State College, a two-year school that had offered them both basketball scholarships.
Though Jahlil came to Whitney Young as something of a celebrity, he played behind center Thomas Hamilton Jr. as a freshman. But the next year, after Hamilton got injured, Jahlil showed what he could do, putting up a stellar 20 points and 10 rebounds a game. Last year, as a junior, he averaged 20 points and nine rebounds as he led the team to a 27–4 record and a national ranking that reached as high as No. 2.
Regardless of what anyone thinks, it's time to put aside offseason rankings and get the show started.
I think possibly. One thing that the show always holds on to is hope. I think that all the characters have to have hope, because if anyone’s given up or has sort of said, “This is enough,” I think you’re setting yourself up for disaster. There has to be hope for the future. Even if you think that it probably won’t happen, there has to be the possibility that it might happen. So, I think that he hopes for and he wishes that things can be different, but ultimately in his heart of hearts, and the audience’s view of what’s happening, it’s not really going to change. Nothing’s ever going to really be normal. The people who have it best right now are the children, the youngest children, because they didn’t know the world in any different way, so they will learn to adapt and be happy in this world, not knowing what they’ve lost. I think the adults have a much, much harder journey and much harder transition.
The message of the presentation was threefold. The first student argued that while “the impacts of climate change and fossil fuels are devastating for all communities, the effects are worse on marginalized communities,” specifically people of color and low-income communities. The second presenter discussed the eco-colonialism that occurred under the British rule of India and the millions of deaths it caused. And the third wanted to “show through the post-colonial theory how we can problematize the idea of forestation in different contexts—how we can use this to show how intersectionality can affect human rights as well as the ecosystem and how it can serve the neocolonialist propaganda.”
The presentation also detailed the current water access situation in Palestine and Israel. To show the discrimination of the Israeli government, the students cited statistics that revealed a daily average water consumption per capita of 73 liters for West Bank Palestinians in comparison to 369 liters for Israelis.
Mr. Manchin, who has a thick shock of steel-gray hair and an affable Appalachian drawl, grew up in the coal mining town of Farmington. An uncle and five classmates died in the Farmington mining disaster of 1968, which killed 78 people and led to more federal regulation of West Virginia’s mines. Before entering state politics, he started a coal brokerage company, Enersystems. His memorable 2010 Senate campaign ads showed him blasting a shotgun at a climate-change bill that would have curbed pollution from coal-fired plants.
Take Karzai’s trips to India and Iran in December last year. Both visits came after the BSA was passed by a loya jirga and, interestingly, shortly after Iran and the U.S.-led P5+1 had signed an interim deal on the Iran nuclear issue. While in Iran, Karzai found support when President Hassan Rouhani declared, “We are concerned about the tensions arising from the presence of foreign forces in the region and believe that all foreign forces should exit the region and Afghanistan’s security should be ceded to the people of that country.” Coming from Iran at that juncture, it was a major show of support for Karzai. The two countries also agreed to sign a “pact of friendship and cooperation,” which could include aspects of political, security cooperation and economic development. This would complement a separate border and security agreement signed earlier in August.
At a summer school, organised a few weeks ago by the Alliance of Civilizations, which brought together over 170 young people, from 70 countries, all participants were invited to summarise the week's experience in one word. Everyone was ecstatic and used sparkling words - a once in a lifetime feeling; love; hope; unique; accomplishment; peace and the like. One participant, showing a little more reserve than the rest in that euphoric atmosphere, chose the word "possibility", a statement that has resonated quite dramatically in recent events which show how right her caution was.
What are the authoritarian supporters of Trump accused of wanting? The Taub piece says policies such as “prioritizing military force over diplomacy against countries that threaten the United States; amending the Constitution to bar citizenship for children of illegal immigrants; imposing extra airport checks on passengers who appear to be of Middle Eastern descent; and requiring all citizens to carry a national ID card to show a police officer on request.”
"The idea was to have a balance — we want to show what our members do on a day-to-day basis but we also want it to be entertaining," he said.
But Edmonton defence lawyer Tom Engel said he was disturbed by the apparent abuse of police power he believes the episode shows — including threats of violence made against the person the police officers are trying to find.
The famous lights of the Eiffel Tower were switched off on Wednesday in a show of solidarity with the under-siege Syrian city of Aleppo.
Shape Created with Sketch. Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Show all 12 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War 1/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man crosses a street in Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 2/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A vendor sits inside an antique shop in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 3/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria Reuters 4/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria Reuters 5/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors walk inside Aleppo's Umayyad mosque, Syria Reuters 6/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk inside the Khan al-Shounah market, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 7/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man walks past shops in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 8/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk along an alley in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 9/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors tour Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 10/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A general view shows the Old City of Aleppo as seen from Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 11/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk near Aleppo's Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower, Syria October 6, 2010 Reuters 12/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man stands inside Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 1/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man crosses a street in Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 2/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A vendor sits inside an antique shop in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, December 12, 2009 Reuters 3/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria Reuters 4/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A view shows part of Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria Reuters 5/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors walk inside Aleppo's Umayyad mosque, Syria Reuters 6/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk inside the Khan al-Shounah market, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 7/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man walks past shops in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 8/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk along an alley in al-Jdeideh neighbourhood, in the Old City of Aleppo, Syria Reuters 9/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War Visitors tour Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 10/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A general view shows the Old City of Aleppo as seen from Aleppo's historic citadel, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters 11/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War People walk near Aleppo's Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower, Syria October 6, 2010 Reuters 12/12 Aleppo before the Syrian Civil War A man stands inside Aleppo's historic citadel, overlooking Aleppo city, Syria December 11, 2009 Reuters
Blumenthal isn't well-known the U.S., but he's a household name in England. He writes cookbooks, stars in TV shows and runs The Fat Duck restaurant just west of London. A few years ago, The New York Times said The Fat Duck "is widely considered one of the world's finest cathedrals to modernist cuisine, the sort of restaurant where a meal could start with nitro-poached aperitifs, finish with 'the smell of the Black Forest' and take four hours in between."
"We're measuring the biscuity flavor — known as methylbutanol to the boffins" — (that's British slang for science types) — he says during an episode of his show that aired in the U.K. last November.
He said that to truly alter the educational and employment ecosystem, edX would need to increase its successes, demonstrate that the course quality was good and show that learners were “learning about the same, or more, or close enough to what they would get in a campus education…. Once the press begins talking about it, and cost pressures continue beating up on everybody, I think there is a path forward.”
Today or yesterday was the one year anniversary of the Stimulus package and everyone was marveling at the conservative hypocrisy epitomized by Republicans fighting against the Stimulus bill before it was passed and lying about its impact since then (especially this week), while sandwiched in between, something like a hundred of them demanded some of that money for their pet projects back home-- and even touted the benefits as though they had passed the legislation!Disgraced former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough, now one of MSNBC's right-wing talking heads, invited Howard Dean and Sam Stein onto his show yesterday to discuss the anniversary. Dean, though effectively and justifiably bashing the Republicans for their crass obstructionism, didn't make any friends at the White House. He forcefully pointed out that the Obama is coming across as weak and incompetent. I'mopen to the possibility that there might possibly be some people who disagree with the proposition that Obama is one gigantic disappointment... but I've never met one. The best I ever hear about him is that he's better than the alternatives.
…the public understands that we live in a world where there are threats to our security and experience shows they want the peace of mind that comes with knowing government is doing all it can.
The Damen robbery was reportedly Windy City Liquors. Surveillance camera footage obtained by ABC7 showed the robbers storming into the business and overwhelming the clerk.
In a special feature aired on the weekly show Sunday Report, TVB wrongly used the 5-stars People’s Republic of China flag to represent China during the war time between 1937 and 1945.
The station was perhaps too eager to show the ruling Communist Party in Beijing as the savior of China in the battle against Imperial Japan, observers remarked, suggesting a Freudian slip.
These men are fans who believe they're leveraging football success one skinny knee or short armed rumor at a time. I can't show you the medical records, and neither can anyone else. You might think you see the medical records -- a flash of a phrase like ''watery eyeballs", or "really chapped lips" -- but that's just a random tweet.
Successful people practice progress over perfection. The danger in focusing on perfection is, you become so consumed in finding imperfections to fix, you will have little or nothing to show for in the end except unfinished, imperfect work. By understanding it’s not about achieving one perfect goal, but the skills you develop from reaching several goals, you allow yourself to make constant improvements while living a life of accomplishments you can learn from and be proud of.
Successful people believe that there is enough supply of “wins” for everyone. They know that the more successful and happy people there are on our planet, the stronger, more positive energy our world will be filled with. If another person succeeds at something they have not yet been able to achieve, successful people show gratitude for their win because it can now serve as added motivation for them to reach that goal as well!
During the 1980s, Paulsen also explored the field of live action films. His first movie was Eyes of Fire in 1983. He played supporting roles in Body Double, Stewardess School, Warlock, and Mutant on the Bounty. He appeared in television shows during this time as well, such as MacGyver and St. Elsewhere. He mentioned in an interview, regarding his role in Body Double, that he would not want his child (who was very young at the time of the interview) to see the movie, so he could not really be proud of his work.
In 1993, he starred as the title character in both Mighty Max and The Mask. Also at this time, he starred in what became one of his most popular roles, "Yakko Warner" of Animaniacs. Paulsen also provided the voice of "Pinky" from both Animaniacs and its spin-off Pinky and the Brain, a show which won him several Annie Awards and a Daytime Emmy in 1999.[citation needed] He also did a number of characters in Tiny Toon Adventures, including "Fowlmouth", "Arnold the Pit Bull", and "Concord Condor". In the direct-to-video movie Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation, he did the voices for "Banjo Possum", "Mr. Hitcher" (who would also appear in other episodes), and "Johnny Pew".[citation needed]
It was not long before Paulsen returned to Warner Bros. Animation, which had diverged into a new era of television serials (following what is sometimes referred to as the "Silver Age of Animation"). Paulsen appeared as "Rev Runner" of the new show Loonatics Unleashed and starred in Coconut Fred's Fruit Salad Island. He was also the voice of the character "Squeeky" on the TV show Danger Rangers. He voiced "Ichabeezer" and "Tom Celeriac" (a play on Tom Selleck) in VeggieTales in the House for Netflix. Paulsen also provides the voice for the Honda character "Mr. Opportunity." In the Rob Zombie animated film, The Haunted World of El Superbeasto, Paulsen voiced the characters "El Gato" and "Commandant Hess", among some others. He also has a role as "Ditto", one of the alien forms on Ben 10, as Rhomboid Vreedle of the Vreedle Brothers and Baz-El in Ben 10: Alien Force, two characters that he reprised, along with a new character, Magister Patelliday on Ben 10: Ultimate Alien and Ben 10: Omniverse.[citation needed]
Paulsen is also the current voice of classic Disney character "José Carioca". Rob became the new voice of "Prince Eric" of Disney's The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea since Christopher Daniel Barnes failed to reprise the role in 2000, though Barnes did return to voice the character in the Kingdom Hearts series when Paulsen was unavailable.[6] Another Disney character he is currently the voice of is Toodles from the kids show "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse". From season 3, he voiced Toodles in Happy Birthday Toodles, Road Rally, and Space Adventure, as well as every episode of season 4. He is also the voice of Peck the Rooster and other minor characters in the Nickelodeon computer-animated series Back at the Barnyard and various characters on the Disney Channel animated series The Replacements. He is the voice of Bobble in the Tinker Bell movies. Paulsen also played the titular character for an animated web series based on the video game Bravoman for Namco Bandai's ShiftyLook division.[7]
In June 2011, Paulsen made announcements that he was taking his show on the road with his "Lots of laughs and autographs" tour. Working closely with a team that included Chris Pope, his publicist, and others he made his first successful tour in Atlanta, Georgia, which happened on July 30, 2011, and another in Dallas, Texas on September 17, 2011, that required two seminars, one in the afternoon and one in the evening, as they were so popular.[9]
Speed is not the only offense frowned upon on the road. There’s the drug dealer who kidnapped a rival kingpin’s wife and is tugging at her hair while jetting down the freeway at breakneck speeds…and yelling at her. Before, he’d immediately stop doing that having easily discerned the iconic Ford’s grill. Now, these guys show up in Mustangs, Chargers and supercharged Explorers. So even if you see them in time and decide to make a run for it, they still end up reeling you in.
According to The New York Times, phone records and intercepted calls show that senior members of the Trump campaign, his transition team, and his associates were in regular contact with Russian intelligence officials throughout 2016. This should not surprise anyone, given that National Security Advisor Michael Flynn is actually the third top Trump staffer who has had to resign because of ties to Russia, following former campaign manager Paul Manafort and campaign advisor Carter Page.
Tests on animals, published in Nature Medicine , showed that auranofin was 10 times more effective than the best drug currently available.
It showed that auranofin was much better than the current treatment, metronidazole, at killing Entamoeba histolytica.
Follow-up experiments showed that it was also more effective at treating mice and hamsters which had been infected with the ameoba.
A new book out this week shows how Gould, the first man to make systematic use of focus groups and the first to use the term New Labour, managed not only to breathe life into Labour but also to save the Conservative Party. The account of how he did so in Philip Gould – An Unfinished Life, edited by Dennis Kavanagh, includes tributes from David Miliband, Peter Mandelson and Andrew Cooper, currently David Cameron’s director of strategy. Yet the book also chronicles what is surely the slow death of politics as we have known it and the impotence of our political leaders to halt the decline.
Cooper, now seen by some as a lonely moderniser in today’s No 10, writes that things were no better in the Tory party after its 1997 defeat. Focus groups showed that the public saw the Tories as “old-fashioned, out of date, irrelevant”. True-blue stalwarts continued to blame media bias and Labour spin.
"To do what he did with his foot broken just showed the courage of the man," Hansen said.
While the policy debate after the Newtown shootings focused on proposals such as requiring background checks for private firearms transfers at gun shows and reinstating a ban on certain types of semiautomatic weapons, the focus after the Alexis shootings has primarily been on the procedures the Defense Department uses to do background checks on contractors such as Alexis with access to military bases and facilities.
The two party preferred count this morning showed there were just eight votes separating the Coalition and Labor. While this has grown to 450 votes, it still seems very close.
Hamilton has won great acclaim for many reasons, but the show’s decision to cast people of color in the overwhelming percentage of the roles definitely contributes to the production’s appeal. Broadway has historically been a majority-white, exclusive institution, and Lin-Manuel Miranda’s show not only stands out by virtue of being different, it also offers positive representation that many musical theater fans can’t find elsewhere.
However, the show is being criticized for language used in a recent casting notice for the upcoming tour that states the production is seeking “NON-WHITE men and women.” Attorney Randolph McLaughlin, of Newman Ferrara Law Firm, told CBS
Hamilton producer Jeffrey Seller told CBS “I stand by it and believe it to be legal,” and a press representative for the show says the notice was approved by Actor’s Equity. However, the union general counsel denied that a notice with language like that would have been approved. Instead of calling for non-white actors, a recent Hamilton audition notice approved by Actors Equity instead calls for performers of “all ethnicities.”
I’m reminded of the people who protested the all-Black cast of NBC’s The Wiz last year. The Wiz was originally written as a direct response to the all-white cast of the Wizard of Oz film; in order to sincerely object to the NBC production, you’d need to be ignorant both of the history of that specific show and to the history of systemic mistreatment and exclusion of Black performers in the entertainment industry overall.
Similarly, for a performer to take personal offense to this Hamilton notice, they’d need to take issue with the entire message of the show itself. Kendra James, who describes the show as “part musical, part protest music,” wrote for The Toast last October:
Hamilton is a show about immigrants of color “getting the job done.” Given that, it would seem like nothing but a waste of white actors’ time to specify “all ethnicities” on a casting notice (unless, of course, that notice was referring to the role of King George, who’s currently played by Jonathan Groff), when the show’s message is best served by casting non-white performers.
Another source, working in the Border Patrol in south Texas, tells me: "Our station, along with every other station, is flooded with women and small children. One lady yesterday had a baby as young as 8 months. And they're coming over with pink eye and scabies. So getting them medically cleared becomes a priority. They'll be here for almost a week, so we provide them with formula and diapers. We have a catering service contracted to feed them because it's too many for us to feed on our own. And of course, they end up being released because every family housing facility is full. They're supposed to show up for immigration court at a later date, but they don't."
“Back when I was in 8th grade (I’m 46 now – you do the math), I discovered military and role playing games. The first games, which I either saved up for or were given as gifts, include Dungeons and Dragons (the Basic Set), Orge, GEV, Starship Troopers, Star Fleet Battles and 88. If I remember right, 88 was available in the “Gaming Department” of a local department store at the now gone Salem Mall in Dayton, Ohio. The department included various versions of chess, including a 3 D chess clearly modeled on the game Mr. Spock played in “Star Trek”, some Avalon Hill titles and a selection of large boxed games from a company called “Yaquinto”. I distinctly remember seeing the huge flat yellow boxed 88 which featured German Africa Corp soldiers manning an 88 mm anti-tank gun on the cover. Having been raised on shows like “The Rat Patrol” and being an avid viewer of tv broadcasts of “The Desert Fox”, I had a great fondness for the North African Campaign and I remember saving up my allowance for over a month to purchase that cool looking war game. I was not disappointed. Each unit in 88 was a tank or truck or squad of infantry. I loved the tactical nature of the game and often substituted model tanks for the counters in the game. After playing 88, I had to find its brother games – Panzer and Armor. Panzer featured Russian Font battles while Armor featured the Allied campaigns to conquer Germany after D Day.
The Basic Game helps gets the players’ tracks wet and covers such concepts as basic line-of-site, vehicle commands, movement and attacking plus basic terrain. A basic scenario can be played in as little as 30 minutes depending on the number of tanks involved. Each tank is given a command marker which is initially placed face down. Basic commands include “Fire”, “Move”, “Over watch” and “Short Halt” (stop moving briefly and fire then move again). It is these command markers which make the game fast to play. While the versions of this game from the 70s and 80s used written commands which the players show to each other, all the new releases allow the players to place these command markers near their units and then flip them over to carry out the actions. These command markers, in fact, allow for a high degree of solitaire play-ability as all the player has to do is create a mix of command counters for the enemy based upon the scenario being played. Then the player can mix them up face down and put them next to the enemy units. Simply flip them over during the turn to see what the enemy “AI” does. It works pretty well.
As an All-American in college and the first overall pick of the 1999 NFL Draft, Tim Couch was supposed to bring the Cleveland Browns to the promised land. Unfortunately, injuries were the story of Couch’s career, as he showed flashes of greatness, but was never able to perform at a top level consistently.
Comer felt the decision showed male fans took precedent over women.
The month-long Occupy Wall Street movement shows no sign of slowing down. A second day of demonstrations in Long Beach ended with two arrests following a busy weekend for the movement in Southern California and all over the world.
In September 1992, the tabloid television show Hard Copy broadcast a videotaped conversation between Fisher and Paul Makely, the owner of a gym in Massapequa. In the tape, recorded hours before she agreed to the plea in court, Fisher could be seen talking about her future, saying that she wanted to get married to Makely so he could visit her in prison. Fisher explained that her lawyer believed requiring people to be married for such visits was unconstitutional, and that she intended to challenge the law on this matter. Fisher could be seen on the tape saying: "That will keep my name in the press. I want my name in the press. Why? Because I can make a lot of money. I figure if I'm going through all this pain and suffering, I'm getting a Ferrari." Prior to the Paul Makely Tape, Peter de Rosa, 29, secretly recorded Fisher in an act of prostitution with him in March 1992, Fisher was 17 at the time.[9][10][11]
In October 2007, the New York Post published allegations that Fisher's husband, Lou Bellera, had sold a sex tape of the couple to Red Light District Video of Los Angeles.[20] Red Light District Video published a press release stating that it intended to release a sex video of the couple.[21] On October 31, nude pictures of Fisher from the video were posted at various Internet sites, and on November 1, 2007, a teaser clip was released by Red Light District Video that showed a nude Fisher showering and sunbathing. Of note were a tattoo surrounding her navel and a breast augmentation. On November 6, 2007, Fisher sued Red Light District and its owner David Joseph, claiming copyright infringement and other damages.[22] But by November 8, 2007, amyfisher.com, a website of whose ownership Fisher had previously fought to win, had begun pointing directly to the Red Light District website.[23]
In early January 2008, Fisher announced that she had settled with Red Light and agreed to do a related promotional appearance. The same announcement indicated that she and Bellera had reconciled.[13] The promotional appearance took place at Retox in New York City on January 4, 2008.[24] Clips of the video were played on The Howard Stern Show. On March 6, 2008, Fisher was a guest on the Stern show, and one topic of discussion was meant to be her video. But after the first phone call, which was from Mary Jo Buttafuoco's daughter Jessica, Fisher left the show six minutes into her interview.[25]
On January 12, 2009, Fisher released a pay-per-view adult film titled Amy Fisher: Totally Nude & Exposed.[24] Fisher signed a deal with Lee Entertainment to become a stripper doing club shows at least once a month. Fisher claimed she planned to strip till her fans told her, "Dear, please put your clothes back on. You're too old."[26][27] In September 2010, DreamZone Entertainment released the adult film Deep Inside Amy Fisher, calling it the first of eight such films Fisher would produce and in which she would star. The company had announced the movie in July 2010 under the working title The Making of Amy Fisher: Porn Star.[28] In June 2011, Fisher said she was no longer making adult films.[14]
Kaylee Rodgers, a 10-year-old girl from Northern Ireland, Donaghadee, has amazed the entire world with her fantastic performance at the school’s Christmas show when she sang the choirs’ version of Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah.”
‘The evidence shows that the difference between those who get bedtime stories and those who don’t—the difference in their life chances—is bigger than the difference between those who get elite private schooling and those that don’t,’ he says.
This book is packed with practical advice about everything from estimating and coding to refactoring and testing. It covers much more than technique – it is about attitude. Martin shows how to approach software development with honor, self-respect, and pride, work well and work clean, communicate and estimate faithfully, face difficult decisions with clarity and honesty, and understand that deep knowledge comes with a responsibility to act.
The ruling by Commonwealth Court Judge Robert Simpson could be appealed to the state's Supreme Court. Simpson's ruling says the law -- requiring each voter to show a valid state-issued photo ID at the polls -- would be fully implemented next year.
Simpson's ruling means Pennsylvania voters will be asked to show photo ID, but can still vote if they don't do so. The same policy was in effect during the state's primary earlier this year.
Secular stagnation is an old idea which received an intellectual revival in 2013, when Mr Summers, who not long before was one of Barack Obama's chief economic advisors, began to deliver speeches on the topic. It describes a world in which there are lots of savings and comparatively few attractive places to invest them. The excess of saving over investment represents a shortfall in demand, and weak demand shows up in anaemic growth figures and low inflation.
"That was purposely to give her the protection of that and to give her the opportunity. She showed us writing samples and they were good," said Robinson.
Look for more custom trucks like this as we head to Las Vegas to cover the 2012 SEMA Show closer to the end of the month. You can bet we'll have all the inside information from the show about the coolest pickup trucks we can find, as well as the latest and greatest parts and new products for your own rig.
The Bureau’s own data shows that between 111 and 281 civilians have been reported by credible media as being killed in US drone strikes between May 1 2010 and Monday’s attack. Sixteen of those killed were reportedly children, including Tariq and Wahid.
A video showing a black student accosting a white student over his dreadlocks has racked up more than two million views in two days. Shot at San Francisco University, it shows an unnamed black woman blocking the path of Corey Goldstein, who sports the controversial hairstyle. Referring to his dreads, she claims: “It’s my culture”. In a second video, Goldstein goes on to defend his choice of hairstyle, insisting that dreadlocks are “everywhere… it’s not something that is just part of the coloured community”.
If there was a flaw in the Colts offseason for Barnwell, it's the same that several other analysts have mentioned -- the lack of help added on the offensive line. Even if the offensive line showed some improvement towards the end of the 2016 season, Barnwell would have liked to have seen them spend some money on more right side help.
BUCK, A NATIVE OF Brunswick, Ohio, who was a member of the original 2009 Project M program and later traveled south to work at PieLab, showed up thinking that she was to be a “change agent.” But when she talked about change, many Hale County residents heard condemnation. No matter, she thought. “What are we doing here if we’re not working for change?”
The “Saturday Night Live” cast member will return for her third full season on the legendary late-night comedy show — although this year will be a bit different.
A mini-tour that has her performing seven shows in nine days stops Tuesday at The Milton Theatre. She will headline a night of laughs with local comedians Tom Sherman and Billy Peden and Philadelphia’s LaTice Klapa starting at 8:30 p.m.
The increased workload isn’t all bad. Doing standup and having more time with the show will allow her to get out what she’s been thinking about all summer.
It will be especially nice as the show heads into the homestretch of the presidential campaign.
“The show always gets a lot of attention in a political season. It’s such a politically driven show and we talk a lot about what’s happening of course and people will be watching to see what we’re going to do and say. That will be fun,” said the 30-year-old Indianapolis native, who was hired in the middle of the 2014-15 season to help add some diversity to the cast.
“I sang a lot growing up. I auditioned to be on my high school’s improv (comedy) team but it ran into show choir rehearsals so I had to drop it. Choir was always a priority whether it was in school or church. Even in college, I would end up doing more musicals than anything else,” she said.
“When I moved to New York after college, I thought I wanted to be a stage actor and I still might be. I would audition for plays but I kept seeing shows at UCB and started going in that direction.”
Her interest in comedy started in middle school as an avid watcher of shows like “SNL,” “Mad TV” and “Whose Line Is It Anyway?”
“In middle school we had a teacher who would take us to different improv shows and I always thought it would be cool to be on something like that but I never knew anyone from Indianapolis who went on to do that and didn’t necessarily think it was a viable career,” Ms. Zamata said.
“You can’t be prepared for it because there isn’t any other show that works like that. The environment is unlike any other environment there is,” she said.
But she doesn’t concentrate on the estimated 6 million people who watch the show every week on TV.
Tickets for Tuesday night’s show are in limited supply but available for $15 by visiting miltontheatre.com or by calling (302) 684-3038.
“He was just being condescending and acting like he was supportive and was trying to say what people wanted to hear even though it was not true, and that’s the message most of the residents in there got,” said Record. “We were talking about it before he showed up and we knew that when Poliquin said that he was coming to make an announcement that it was going to be bullshit.”
Austin-based Chaotic Moon Studios demonstrated its CUPID at the SXSW (South by Southwest) trade show in Austin on March 10. Billed as a “stun copter,” CUPID (Chaotic Unmanned Personal Intercept Drone) mounts its Taser on a remote controlled Tarot Hexacopter. (According to a description on the website hexacopter.us: “A hexacopter is a radio controlled flying machine similar to a helicopter but the hexacopter has six rotors mounted in an array instead of one and unlike the helicopter, it does not have a rudder.”)
"The objective for us was to show that, yes, there is this source of energy and, yes, you can harvest it," he added. "Of course you need a lot more technological development before this is a system that can be practiced."
Sad news arrived for fans of Syfy's Dark Matter recently: the show was not picked up for any further episodes.
“Working against us was the fact that we weren’t a SyFy original. We were an acquisition," he revealed. "For those not in the know, an original is a series that is developed by the network and, more importantly, owned by the network, allowing them to monetize the show through things like international sales, streaming, etc. The network pays a lot more but presumably reaps the benefits down the line.”
Fans had been giving the show one last push of support online last week, and the cancellation news certainly came as a shock to some - Dark Matter's ratings have not only been on par with other successful series on Syfy, averaging over 600,000 weekly viewers with a 0.15 share of the 18-49 audience; it has also improved in the Live +7 ratings substantially, sometimes as much as 200%. These numbers have also remained steady across three seasons, which is rare for any series and shows that the audience has been sticking around.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
Show me an American Neocon today and I will show you a pro-Clinton supporter. In fact, it is indicative of Hillary Clinton's particular brand of foreign policy that Republican hawks have fled the GOP standard to join ranks with the warmongering Democrats.
But that's mere child's play compared to documents that show how Clinton, as the Secretary of State, severely mishandled the 2012 Benghazi attack, which was orchestrated by a radical Islamic group. US Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens was killed in the attack. In an interview with Democracy Now, Assange said Clinton was even responsible for arming Islamic State fighters in Syria in an apparent effort to bring down the government of President Bashar Assad.
Daniels said Sheriff’s deputies showed up quickly and spent about 45 minutes interviewing those present at the altercation. He said deputies urged the gay men not to file charges against the others, saying that if they did the men screaming “faggots” could accuse Jordan of assault for throwing his coffee at one of them and the deputies would have to arrest Jordan. Daniels said the three men then walked away, headed east on Santa Monica and making obscene gestures to the gay men and continuing to call them “faggots.”
Stained glass calls to mind houses of worship, often depicting saints and martyrs alongside the instruments of their torture and execution. Without sacrificing a reverence for that material, The Ruminant swaps in comic book references, both familiar and obscure, for those heroes of Christianity. Batman takes a knee while tending to a cabbage patch under a victory garden sign; another panel features little known comic hero Tony Chu, an FDA agent who empathically understands the whole life of things he eats. In turning saints to superheroes, Unnasch shows us the echoes connecting them, recalling Joseph Campbell’s hero with a thousand faces.
There are such subtle story-lines throughout the piece. On the right side of the cab are a series of images: the first panel features a small image of a termite; the middle panel depicts a child eating crayons, and the last (at the front of the cab) shows a mustached man eating an ear of corn. Decoded: the termite “harvests” as it eats its surroundings; a small child mouths things as a way to understand and explore; and, after tens of thousands of years, humans finally figured out how to effectively combine the two impulses in the act of tending crops. Read from left to right the series gets further and further from direct interaction with one’s surroundings. More intriguing, when read from right to left the viewer gets more and more uncomfortable as it transitions from a normal meal, to a parent’s concern of germs, ending in the disgust that insects bring.
Last spring, in the wake of the Sony hack, President Obama threw a cyberwar. And no one showed up.
Methamphetamine is a drug with high burnout potential. Treatment providers in all states report users enter treatment more rapidly with addiction to meth than with either heroin or cocaine. Individuals who seek treatment have a rough time kicking the drug, and can still suffer from psychosis for up to a half-year. Cravings, irritability, nightmares and depression are common for months after someone quits. The Los Angeles Times Associated Press reported, "Soon-to-be-published medical studies state that brain scans of lab animals show that the effects of meth last two years after abuse of the drug stops." The cravings eventually wane, but sometimes the irreparable damage will not show for years.
In many communities, the demand for meth rehab far exceeds treatment capacity. In urban centers, such as Lost Angeles County, large numbers of hard-core addicts never make it into a program because the wait can take up to six months. In California, as many as 8,000 addicts are on waiting lists for a chance at one of 54,000 publicly funded treatment slots--nearly half of which are in Los Angeles County. Studies show that an untreated addict can cost taxpayers as much as $90,000 a year in welfare., medical care, law enforcement and losses resulting in crime, eclipsing the $21,000 annual cost for long-term residential treatment. Addicts who do not receive necessary rehabilitation usually continue using or promote themselves to selling or manufacturing drugs.
The Irish government has at last made a serious gesture. The Church could show it has a conscience after all by doing the same.
When the mind is stilled by Raja Yoga, time--that is to say, psychological time--ceases to exist. For time is relative. It only exists when one thing is taken in relation to another. If I go on a train journey my leaving the train at my destination, taken in relation to my getting in, shows a passage of time. Similarly, if I think of "fruit," and in a split second follow with another thought "apples," time has passed, and I am aware of its passing. But if the mind takes one thought and holds it, one-pointed and still, time is erased; it ceases--psychologically--to exist.
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
Although I did not personally witness the killing, I did observe [REDACTED] dismembering the body and parading of it while it was tied to the hood of a Humvee around the Muhalla neighborhood, while the interpreter blared out warnings in Arabic over the loudspeaker. I have a photo that shows [REDACTED] removing the victim's brains.
brought home photos from the spring and summer of 2007 that showed the gore he saw with the 2-12. One picture showed a dead body, still dressed in traditional Iraqi clothing, with a rotting skull for a head. Another picture showed an Iraqi with the top part of his head blown off, covered in blood, eyes open, his body placed in a black bag alongside his brains... While still in Iraq, Needham sought help. He wrote to his father that he saw a doctor and was given a small handful of Zoloft pills, which treat depression and anxiety, and Ambien for sleeplessness. It didn't seem to work. "I'm stressed out to the point of completely losing it," Needham later wrote in an e-mail to his father. "The squad leader brushed me off and said suck it up."
This October 21, 2013 photo shows the US government internet health insurance exchange Healthcare.gov. US President Barack Obama on Monday defended his problem-plagued health reform plan, declaring at a White House event that, despite numerous glitches, the program is already helping many uninsured Americans. "Let me remind everybody that the Affordable Care Act is not just a website," Obama said, after the troubled online rollout of the plan. "It's much more...You may not know it, but you're already benefiting from these provisions in the law."AFP PHOTO / Karen BLEIER (Photo credit should read KAREN BLEIER/AFP/Getty Images) (credit: KAREN BLEIER/AFP/Getty Images)
The latest economic soundings bode ill for today's January jobs report, which many forecasters now say could show a monthly loss of 500,000 or more positions.
“When he shows up and asking me why he doesn’t have any sponsors, and how can I help him. I’m not a fan, I don’t even know what that is, I think that thing is beyond a mullet, I don’t know what the hell that is now. It looks like a wig, he’s got the big beard, his beard is grey,” White said describing Nelson’s appearance.
The cast for the show includes:
On July 24 I casually mentioned to Stalin that we had a new weapon of unusual destructive force. The Russian Premier showed no special interest. All he said was he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make “good use of it against the Japanese.”
In his memoirs, Truman wrote that he told Stalin that the United States had “a new weapon of unusual destructive force.” Apparently, the President did not tell Stalin the new weapon was an atomic bomb, and the Soviet leader did not ask or show any special interest. He merely nodded and said something. “All he said was that he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make good use of it against the Japanese,” Truman wrote. Across the room, I watched Stalin’s face carefully as the President broke the news. So offhand was Stalin’s response that there was some question in my mind whether the President’s message had got through. I should have known better than to underrate the dictator. Years later, Marshal Georgi K. Zhukov, in his memoirs, disclosed that that night Stalin ordered a telegram sent to those working on the atomic bomb in Russia to hurry with the job.
Several secret coded telegrams sent by the Nizam of Hyderabad over the tense months of 1947-48, after he had declared his intention not to join India and Pakistan, also provide insights into his bitterness and his plan to hire a European prime minister for Hyderabad. The standoff finally ended after India launched Operation Polo to liberate Hyderabad in September, 1948."Gandhi has started his fast with the intention of unifying the Muslims but he is an old fool and his character is doubtful," the Nizam says in one of his several telegrams to his legal advisor Sir Walter Monckton, who played a key role in the Nizam’s negotiations with Lord Mountbatten after Hyderabad declared its intention to remain independent.In another telegram, the Nizam tells Monckton to find a European prime minister for Hyderabad, so as to further firm up his declared independence, which was being opposed by the communists, the Congress and the Indian state. "Try for dominion status for Hyderabad within the Commonwealth. Try to get a European prime minister," according to the Nizam’s telegram to Monckton.According to a note of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), these telegrams were sent by the Nizam to Monckton "in code," after the arrival of K M Munshi as India’s agent general in Hyderabad and Mahatma Gandhi’s fast.The telegrams show that the Nizam was heavily dependent on Monckton to advice him through the crisis. "Come early, the condition in the state is worsening day by day. India government is trying to strangle Hyderabad and is giving all kinds of difficulties. She is encouraging border incidents. These rascals are unnecessarily creating trouble regarding the Rs 20 crore loan to Pakistan. There was nothing wrong in transferring the Indian securities into Pakistan securities. Hyderabad is prepared for the worst. Give also this information to the authorities in England. Come early," the Nizam wires Monckton.In another telegram, the Nizam tells his advisor that Mountbatten is likely to come to Hyderabad and force it to accede to the Indian Union. "If he comes here with that intention, the condition here will worsen as the people would not like that. I have already declared my independence and I am not ready to rescind from that position and accede, whatever may happen. My people are also with me," the Nizam says. And then again appeals to Monckton to come early because Mountbatten was expected to visit in February, 1948.The Nizam also reveals in one of his telegrams that the ‘Stand Still Agreement’ signed on November 29, 1947 with India was only to "mark time".Also among the declassified documents are many other intelligence reports that bring out the deep suspicion that Indian agencies had of British officers of the Indian Army. One assessment says they are mostly "pro-Muslim and are creating as much trouble as they can before they quit India next year", and they must be sent back at the earliest.This particular report — put up by V P Menon for the perusal of Mountbatten — also talks of the need to remove the British brigadier posted in Secunderabad. Among the intelligence reports are also several inputs about the irregular fighters, communists, movement of foreign journalists and others.As tensions further mounted, in August 1948, the agent general was told in a detailed secret report that "aerial gun running is still going on between Karachi and Hyderabad. The planes are mostly landing at Warangal and occasionally at Bidar. Incidents have been reported of two and even three planes arriving the same day. It is through these planes that emissaries of Hyderabad travel to Pakistan and the places abroad".On September 18, 1948, Major General Syed Ahmed El Edroos, the commander-in-chief of the Hyderabad State Forces, surrendered his army to Indian troops under Major General J N Choudhuri, who later became the Army chief. Hyderabad became an independent state between 1948 and 1956, and then it was split up among Andhra Pradesh, Bombay — later divided into Gujarat and Maharashtra — and Karnataka.
The above table shows admission rates for men and women into the University of California, Berkeley's graduate programs for the fall of 1973. Based on the above numbers, the University was sued for an alledged bias against women. However, when faceting the data by sex AND department, we see women were actually admitted into many departments' graduate programs at a rate higher than men.
“If the Bernie Bros wanted to make a show of force on behalf of progressive values, Saturday in Charlottesville would be a good time,” wrote Mieke Eoyang, former Ted Kennedy staffer and vice president of the National Security Program at Third Way, a centrist think tank.
For five years boomers have been asking, “Why are the kids not in the streets screaming about the war the way we were?” The simple answer: no draft. But as Morley Winograd and Michael D. Hais show in “Millennial Makeover,” their book about the post-1982 American generation, that energy has been plowed into quieter social activism and grand-scale social networking, often linked on the same Web page. The millennials’ bottom-up digital superstructure was there to be mined, for an amalgam of political organizing, fund-raising and fun, and Mr. Obama’s camp knew how to work it. The part of the press that can’t tell the difference between Facebook and, say, AOL , was too busy salivating over the Clintons’ vintage 1990s roster of fat-cat donors to hear the major earthquake rumbling underground.
But this isn’t 2004, and the fixation on that one demographic in the Clinton-Obama contest has obscured the big picture. The rise in black voters and young voters of all races in Democratic primaries is re-weighting the electorate. Look, for instance, at Ohio, the crucial swing state that Mr. Kerry lost by 119,000 votes four years ago. This year black voters accounted for 18 percent of the state’s Democratic primary voters, up from 14 percent in 2004, an increase of some 230,000 voters out of an overall turnout leap of roughly a million. Voters under 30 (up by some 245,000 voters) accounted for 16 percent, up from 9 in 2004. Those younger Ohio voters even showed up in larger numbers than the perennially reliable over-65 crowd.
The protests followed largescale violence sparked by the killing of eight civilians at the hands of security forces during agitations on April 9, when the Srinagar Lok Sabha seat went to the polls. Public anger was further fanned by several video clips that purportedly showed security forces indulging in human rights violations, including the use of a Kashmiri resident as a human shield.
One other change, this week a large number of the questions of Brendan came directly from you, the listener, via Twitter! This is a new thing I'm trying and I really feel it made for a better show and I thank you for it! I'm on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/shanselman and you can read more about Twitter in my post on Twitter: The Uselessfulness of Micro-blogging if you want to jump in and "follow me." I encourage you to find a Twitter Client that works for you and give it a try.
Do also remember the complete archives are always up and they have PDF Transcripts, a little known feature that show up a few weeks after each show.
As I've said before this show comes to you with the audio expertise and stewardship of Carl Franklin. The name comes from Travis Illig, but the goal of the show is simple. Avoid wasting the listener's time. (and make the commute less boring)
The Public Attorney's Office (PAO) earlier said the crime scene appeared to be "staged." (READ: PNP autopsy shows Carl Arnaiz had 'difficulty' fighting back)
BOND: It’s so significant because no one’s really found out who ordered these shots to be fired and under what conditions, though for about a year we’ve had a commission looking into this, the Farlam Commission, and it has unveiled some secret police video and emails that are very, very incriminating for the police, because it seems now that instead of the original media reports from August 2012, in which the mineworkers were allegedly charging the police with their machetes, their knives, and then were mowed down by automatic police fire, instead those workers now, with new video tape that was previously unavailable, were actually walking more casually and then began to panic as they saw barbed wire being rolled out. And that Farlam Commission investigation also showed the number-two man in the ruling party, Cyril Ramaphosa, formerly a mineworker leader, having sent some emails–again very incriminating–as a 9 percent owner of Lonmin, the main company under strike at that time, that company then calling in the police, calling in the mining minister. In other words, a very important connection–maybe collusion is the proper word–between big business, big government, and a police force that then, and still today, seems ready to shoot to kill.
Genetic tests have shown that the modern Rapanui people have a mix of Polynesian, South American and European ancestry. Some scientists have used the modern DNA results to suggest that Polynesians from the west and native South Americans from the east lived and intermingled on the island before Europeans first arrived in 1722. And in the famous Kon-Tiki expedition, a Norwegian explorer named Thor Heyerdahl showed on a balsa wood raft how South Americans could have voyaged to the Polynesian islands during pre-Columbian times.
If PSG and QTA are deemed to be related parties – and there is a very good chance that they will given that they are both arms of the Qatar government – then it is impossible for PSG to meet the break-even provisions of UEFA Financial Play. (Others have suggested that all PSG and clubs in a similar situation need to do in order to avoid sanctions is to show financial progress. That interpretation is dependent on costs attributable to contracts signed prior to June 2010 being the cause of the shortfall. Financial progress alone is not enough).
Projections show a continued increase through to 2022 with 3.7M visitors expected.
A bill for $45.60 from the ETR Highway 407 shows the vehicle was twice driven on the toll highway on June 2, the day after Tomas dropped it off for cleaning. The vehicle got on at McCowan Rd., in Markham, at 7:51 a.m. and drove west across the GTA, exiting at Derry Rd. in Mississauga.
“So your point is?” Kuganesan said, as Tomas showed him the ETR tickets. “I’m not wasting my time now cause I got s--- to do,” Kuganesan said, reminding Tomas that he had not fully paid his bill.
Ministry of Transportation documents show Kuganesan, 28, should not have been driving. His driver’s licence was suspended on Jan. 27, 2012, after he pleaded guilty to refusing to provide a breath or blood sample after being pulled over by police.
Chapter 2: A first look into battle with Easy Company. Focuses on Winters and shows his potential as a leader. It also shows the big failure of the jumps over normandy and what misorder it has caused.
Chapter 3: The most violent episode so far. Great battle scene in Carentan. It also takes time to show the soldiers after they get back to England, and for the ones that didnt. It forcuses on the horrors of war and sticks to Blithe to make that point.
Chapter 4: My least favorite episode. Simply a full combat chapter. It shows the failure of bad intellegence. Focuses on Bull Randelman that survives behind enemy lines. Nothing special in the episode though. (although it does show the Dutch reaction to the allied forces)
Forcuses on Lipton which tells the story of a bad leadership from Lt. Dike, and the morale problem it caused. Also it shows the accidental death of Hoobler. Really touching scene. The part which still echos in my head is definetly the mortar drop on Guarnere and Toye, and the reaction from Buck. Brilliant Scene. That goes as well for the Much and Penkala part. The new leader prooves himself on the first day with bravery and determination.
Chapter 10: A great episode which basicly showed that altough the war was over, people were still dying. It also shows the absurd points system which caused a lot of tension within the soldiers. Finally shows the future of each surviving member of the company.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
Clinton is not making that mistake again – now it’s she who is at the forefront of the issue. “This victory tonight is for the parents and teachers in South Carolina. They showed me crumbling classrooms,” Clinton said to cheers. And she promised the federal government would work with state actors to give children the “education they deserve”.
To date, there hasn’t been much to show for all that money. GCIA has seen commercial service come and go in past years -- notably PanAm, Southeast, and Hooters Air. There have been long periods where no passenger planes landed there. Even Allegiant, with its one flight twice a week, is technically not a commercial flight, but a travel service which operates charter flights to smaller-traffic airports. It just started flying in to Gary last February.
Theater streaming service BroadwayHD will livestream Roundabout Theatre Company's production of Holiday Inn, The New Irving Berlin Musical on Saturday, January 14, 2017, at 8pm EST. The musical, directed by Gordon Greenberg and choreographed by Denis Jones, will be captured live on 14 high-definition cameras the evening before it plays its final performance. The show opened October 6 at Studio 54.
Boston Dynamics said the video showed 'a new version of Atlas, designed to operate outdoors and inside buildings.
The video shows the robot walking out of the firm's office and across a snowy plateau.
'We get most of our ideas about robotics from science fiction. And we want to show a little bit of science fact,' said Gill Pratt, who organized the competition for the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which focuses on futuristic technologies for national security.
In The Spirit Level, Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett draw upon decades of research to show that, among rich countries, high levels of inequality correlate with lower levels of social cohesion and social mobility, worse mental and physical health, and higher levels of crime, violence, drug use, and imprisonment. These problems do not merely afflict the poor. Rather, they touch people across the social spectrum. The implication is that large income gaps, by themselves, are significant contributors to these particular sources of human misery.
Meanwhile, the data show that trust in others makes us feel more secure and cooperative, and are more likely to donate time and money to helping our communities. In short, widespread trust makes our lives more pleasant, and income inequality undermines it.
Inequality may also be driving our sky-high rates of depression and other mental illnesses. Wilkinson and Pickett draw on World Health Organization data to show that higer-inequality countries like the U.S., the UK, and Australia have double the rates of mental illness of lower-inequality societies like Japan, Belgium, and Germany. Additionally, anxiety-related disorders are a much larger percentage of mental illnesses in higher-inequality societies than lower-inequality societies.
The explosion sent detritus far into the surrounding fields and badly burned the body. Photos showed the Peugeot’s mangled shell in a field, dozens of yards from the blast site. Witnesses described a small explosion followed seconds later by a larger one as the burning car skidded down the road and into the field.
Demonstrators show the victory sign in front of the courts in Valletta, Malta. (Rene Rossignaud/AP)
If you're a hardcore Batman fan with disposable income, simply collecting graphic novels and DVDs isn't enough. What better way to show your love for the Caped Crusader than assembling a collection of statues and busts depicting the hero in all his three-dimensional glory? Luckily, with Batman being as popular as he is, there's been no shortage of high-end collectibles to choose from over the years.
One shows religious invocations to repeat in the mornings and evenings, while another explains the benefits of praying in a mosque.
Image caption A still from Mr Liu's dashcam video shows the car swerve off the road
Video from Mr Liu's dashcam showed a pickup truck abandoning a dangerous overtaking move and swerving into the car, pushing it off the road.
It would be easy to talk about this Keene State College business as an isolated incident of drunken college students, getting “out of hand.” But that would be politically and culturally irresponsible, since this is after all #FergusonOctober. Several states over from New Hampshire, down in Missouri, citizens exercising First Amendment rights, citizens with righteous anger, who might get a “little out of hand” with an errant glass bottle or two, are met with a much larger show of force – tanks, tear gas, stun grenades. We’ve had no reports of Ferguson protesters threatening old people or threatening to kill the police. And thank God for that, because we would have witnessed a serious amount of bloodshed to go along with our protests if that had occurred.
If we showed black people doing each and every activity in this video, it would be a testament to our lack of civilization, our utter ratchetness, and wretchedness. Black folks know how to have a good time, for sure. But we would never use our good time as a fodder for a racial redemption marketing campaign. No sane black person would ever think that was a good idea.
But a document seen by Reuters shows the government went even further in private, asking its US and Canadian embassies to raise the matter “strongly” with Amazon’s senior leadership.
I’ll repeat this happy news, since it’s not exactly the message we ladies have received lo these many years: If you get a good education and take time to establish your career and your life as a self-supporting adult, current research shows that you’re not only more likely to marry, you’re more likely to stay married. Oh, and you’ll make more money too.
The emails also show that Valmoro sent Clinton’s government schedule to the unsecure email addresses of numerous members of the Clinton Foundation staff on October 16, 2009, again on October 18, 2009, and on October 25, 2009. The emails also include discussions of personnel matters and appointments on Clinton’s unsecure account, which may run afoul of federal privacy law.
This week we released State Department documents detailing repeated efforts to hack into the unsecure non-state.gov email system used by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in November 2010. The hacks are detailed in email exchanges between State Department IT official Brian Pagliano and Bill Clinton aide Justin Cooper. The emails show the system was hacked 10 times in two days from November 27 to 29.
These newly released emails show that the Clinton email server was subject to an aggressive and targeted hacking attempt. And we now know that yet another government agency, the United States Secret Service, not only knew about the Clinton email system but that it was the target of hacking. The Clinton email scandal has now widened to yet another Obama administration agency.
We have been at work in other states, as well. Recent polls show that voters are becoming “deeply skeptical” about election integrity. Of course, we will be alert for election fraud nationwide on Tuesday.
"We got lucky and the lights were visible ... so our guest went down on his knee and proposed to his girlfriend and she was totally blown away. The funny thing was -- she wouldn't wear gloves for the first three days -- so she could show the ring off."
Eder's Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels about 10 p.m. and takes them to an area about 20 minutes outside Whitehorse's city lights. There, travelers can enjoy nature's colorful show from a heated, walled tent until around 2 a.m.
The side effect of this mentality is clear and even has some pretty damning physical evidence. In 2007, an eight lane bridge along the I-35W route in Minnesota collapsed killing 13 and injuring 145. August 2003, the entire North East coast of the United States suffers from a massive power outage, leaving 45 million without power. These events are incredibly clear signs that the US infrastructure, which was for the most part established in the mid 50’s as part of the military and social initiative to better prepare ourselves for possible Soviet invasions, is finally starting to show its age. We have continued to ignore some of the most critical elements of the nations infrastructure in part due to a complete lack of work force capable of performing the needed duties.
There is the theory in most accepted academic rings that history is bound to repeat itself regardless of whether or not people bother to read up on it. Ultimately I could sit here all day attempting to justify how my generation will somehow change the way things are, but the likelihood of such an occurrence is dismally low. In Japan, their equivalent of Generation Y happens to be approximately 10 years ahead of our own. There are growing signs that there are serious cultural changes already occurring. The ideology that the company comes first is starting to fail and a growing sign of what could easily amount to depression is beginning to show it’s head. The article covers how the males of the population have become more apathetic and less aggressive. While one could make a reasonable argument that the United States and Europe [which compose the western cultural “Generation Y”] have enough cultural differences separating them from Japan that such a thing could not possibly occur.
This disheartening experience even has some statistics associated with it. As I discussed in a previous post there is a study which shows that for the entire existence of my generation, and essentially since the time the Baby Boomers started having children, that suicide rates among young adults and teens has skyrocketed while the rates among Adults and the Elderly has declined to compensate.
As such, it should come as no surprise to anyone that the Y Generation has begun to show growing signs of distrust of some of the methods employed by the old guard. The resulting complications that arise from this distrust have often shown in the way that we vote.
His father, Raymond Collins Martin, spent around two years unemployed. Even when he eventually found employment as a longshoreman (and got his all-important union credentials), the work wasn't consistent. "You have a card and you have to show up at dawn every day," Martin says, recalling his father's working life. "Maybe you go home and you don't make anything. They hire the more seasoned men, the more veteran men. The longer you're in it, the more work you get but there are some rough times at the beginning."
"If we go seven or eight seasons and then the show is still big enough that we can get the $200m to finance a huge epic movie to end it… sure!" he enthuses about the prospect of a big-screen version.
to show Christlike love to those who oppose the work of the Lord.
Wait, is that what they meant? I thought the idea was to be kind and to show some lurve. But that wasn’t the view of Brigham Young.
As this shows, the heritability of IQ and of behavioral traits is consistently high, reaching into the 0.8-0.9+ range. This means, out of a group of people, at least 80-90% of the overall differences between them (known as the “variance” in statistical parlance) can be attributed to genetic differences between them. This chart shows that this becomes most evident in adulthood, when genes have been given a chance to fully express themselves. I have summed this up in a neat set of rules:
The Football Leaks website have published what they claim is a document that shows Tottenham have the first option to buy Bale back from Real if another Premier League club tries to sign him.
However, the Football Leaks document shows that Real paid £77.45m, for Bale with the money paid in installments rather than in one 'up-front' payment.
In a statement, Akhter said the continued progress, however slow, shows “the District’s commitment to provide patients who are suffering from very specific conditions that require unique solutions to help alleviate their pain.”
CBS has renewed its entire daytime schedule for the 2017-18 season, including a three-year deal for daytime’s No. 1 drama, The Young and the Restless, and an additional two years for network television’s No. 1 daytime show The Price Is Right. The full lineup also includes new seasons of Let’s Make a Deal, The Talk, and The Bold and the Beautiful, which previously received a multi-year pickup through 2017-18.
“CBS Daytime has never been stronger. From 30 consecutive years of being No. 1 in the ratings to another year as the most honored network at the Daytime Emmys, our lineup of talk, game shows and dramas connects with our audience like no one else,” said Angelica McDaniel, EVP Daytime Programs and Syndicated Program Development at CBS Entertainment and CBS Television Distribution. “All of our talent, onscreen and behind the scenes, is hard at work making the upcoming season of these award-winning series even bigger and bolder.”
AmericaBlog captured a video of Chaney moments after the ordeal, which shows her visibly upset as friends comfort her.
Right; well, you see, a lot of mathematics is predictable. Somebody shows you how to solve one problem, and you do the same thing again. Every time you take a step forward you’re following in the steps of the person who came before. Every now and again, somebody comes along with a totally new idea and shakes everybody up. To start with, people don’t believe it, and then when they do believe it, it leads in a totally new direction. Mathematics comes in fits and starts. It has continuous development, and then it has discontinuous jumps, when suddenly somebody has a new idea. Those are the ideas that really matter. When you get them, they have major consequences. We’re about due another one. Einstein had a good idea 100 years ago, and we need another one to take us forward.
It’s been six years since to the day that Paul “Bear” Vasquez showed the world what raw, unfiltered happiness truly looks like in his now-infamous “Double Rainbow” video—and he’s right back where it all started.
Echoing the sentiment, Thomas Drake, another former NSA whistleblower, tweeted: "In other words there is no proof? Defending Oz mirage [and] magic intel. In public interest, either show it or shut it."
Ford even ad-libbed the now-famous “I know” response to Princess Leia’s declaration of love in 1980’s The Empire Strikes Back, and he pushed George Lucas to kill Solo in 1983’s Return of the Jedi to show the stakes of galactic war. Lucas kept him alive. Since that movie, though, Ford hasn’t been spending his time obsessing over the questions that fans have been asking: Did Princess Leia and Han Solo go on to get married? Did they have kids who embraced the Force?
Finally, eight days after the shooting down, in Ukraine, of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, the remains of some of the two hundred and ninety-eight victims are being returned to their families. Haunting photographs show dozens of coffins being transported in hearses from Eindhoven Air Base toward Hilversum, a small city southeast of Amsterdam, where they will be turned over to forensics experts. Wednesday was declared a national day of mourning in the Netherlands, home to a hundred and ninety-four of the dead—the country’s first such observance in more than fifty years. Elsewhere, including in Malaysia and Australia, governments are preparing to receive what’s left of their citizens who were aboard the doomed flight.
The trends are upward; the improvement in many players pronounced. Will it lead to a trophy this season? Possibly, although Chelsea remain the favourites for the title and they showed their superiority over Pochettino’s team last Saturday, when they beat them 4-2 in the FA Cup semi-final.
Towards the end of the show, however, King brought up the earlier interview, playing the tape of Assange walking out. King appeared to be initially confused by the tape, asking if Assange had walked out of his own show as well.
The view west towards Lake Mungo shows massive erosion on a shoreline dune. Erosion exposes internal artefacts and human remains buried within the ancient shoreline. Photograph: Jim Bowler
“There’s going to be a lot of crying children here,” she added. “It’s not just the donation he made. He showed up here unannounced all the time, he developed relationships with them, brightened their lives. He was a God to them.”
"Back in Victorian times I would be in a freak show for bearded ladies."
The video shows a line of cars, with their hazard lights on, following the moose as it walked — ever so slowly — on Route 9.
A report by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development this year showed that 30% of Russian deaths in 2012 were attributable to alcohol, the highest ratio among the nations it tracked.
Protesters used whatever they could get their hands on for protection: Some images even show people using plastic wrapping to cover themselves. The use of the umbrellas as protection was striking, however, and media outlets picked up on it, dubbing it the "Umbrella Revolution." A search of Twitter appears to show that the term has been around since at least last Friday:
Shaky phone footage of the raid that circulated online showed the vigilantes kicking, slapping and insulting the men, with one of them slumped naked on the ground during the attack.
The most basic example I usually show is the add function with two parameters. That's usually enough in Perl 5, but very far from that in Perl 6.
That would be the time to show how to define a subroutine that can get arbitrary number of values, but that requires introducing two concepts at a time. So I'll have to find a better set of examples.
Now I know this example does not show the real power of having several complex data structures in the parameter list. I could have written:
Police had to pull the bullet from the vehicle. The damage done by the bullet showed that it stopped near a metal plate in the door frame of the car, the last part of the car before reaching Anderson’s head.
The music video for "Oblivion", directed by Emily Kai Bock,[42] was shot in Montreal at Olympic Stadium and at McGill University's Molson Stadium,[43][44] during a football game and a motocross rally.[42][45] The video debuted on March 2, 2012, and shows Grimes amongst shirtless frat boys,[45] as well as in a men's locker room surrounded by weightlifting athletes.[46] "Art gives me an outlet where I can be aggressive in a world where I usually can't be, and part of it was asserting this abstract female power in these male-dominated arenas—the video is somewhat about objectifying men. Not in a disrespectful way, though", Grimes explained.[42] In an interview with Spin, she revealed that the song is about "going into this masculine world that is associated with sexual assault, but presented as something really welcoming and nice. The song's sort of about being—I was assaulted and I had a really hard time engaging in any types of relationship with men, because I was just so terrified of men for a while."[1]
"We knew it wasn't going to be easy, we made it hard on ourselves down the stretch," Casey said. "But I thought we showed a lot of resiliency down the stretch.
To your point, I think there are significant inflection points, certain places in our e-learning design processes, where small changes in what we do and how we do it, informed by what we know, there’s several bottlenecks I see. The first one is working with subject matter experts. There’s this fundamental problem that, because of the way our brains work, we compile knowledge away so that it’s no longer accessible to conscious learning. Research shows that 70 percent of what experts do, they don’t have conscious access to. They literally can’t tell us what they do, and yet we need to know what they do to help learners acquire it.
Clark Quinn: Not really. Stuff before it appears in books and then in white papers and in presentations shows up on my blog, Quinnovation.com. I encourage your audience to go there and have a look if they need help sleeping at night, and thank you. The only other thing I wanted to say, Sanjay, is I appreciate the opportunities you’ve provided to help try and raise the industry. I appreciate your investment of time and effort, and here’s to better learning.
The new footage shows two men in balaclavas with British accents addressing the camera.
Only - we're not. Far from it, it seems. New research, published in the U.S., and relating to a study of more than a million people, shows that women are more miserable than we've ever been. And we're actually getting more miserable.
Umbrella days: Research in the U.S. shows that women are more miserable than they've ever been
Show me a working mother who can concentrate 100 per cent on a meeting that starts half an hour before she absolutely has to leave in order to arrive at the nursery before it closes, and I'll show you a creature as rare as the unicorn.
In a situation such as a merge conflict, Git will show an error message such as:
Writing believable and interesting child characters can be a bit of a challenge. We've even seen this in AMC's The Walking Dead show with Carl in Season Two, who was not exactly a favorite amongst viewers. How are you guys approaching that challenge with Clementine?
Darin: A lot of shows and games fall into the pitfall of using a child character's inexperience to cause problems, and that makes you not like the character at all, because they're just causing problems. We try to be mindful of that when we're writing our stories, and that's one of the things I think that made Clementine not a hated character in Season One, made her a beloved character. She was not just causing problems through her inexperience, and we're carrying that through Season Two as well.
Lenart: Well, one of the really interesting things you touch upon there is that in Season One, a lot of times, people made good decisions with Clementine around, based on wanting to show her this is how the world is. “You need to learn how to survive,” or “You don't need to see this, I'm trying to keep you, retain a sense of your humanity as much as possible.” There's things you can do that she didn't know about, but now … you're the one who's going to be making Clementine have to go through these terrible times and make these tough decisions. So, there's a lot more of the feeling of ownership, but also, at the same time, I think it really puts you in an interesting head space, where you really feel like the world is just all hits, pressing down around you. It's “The Walking Dead,” so no one's safe at any time. You know that everything you do has repercussions. So, I think the fact that it is Clementine that you're playing as, it makes every little thing a lot harder.
"The Arctic is getting persistently warmer; sea ice is continuing to show declines, particularly during the summer months," he says. "The second big story for 2016 has been the winter temperatures."
5.Poor Numbers, by Morten Jerven One of the most urgent challenges in African economic development is to devise a strategy for improving statistical capacity. Reliable statistics, including estimates of economic growth rates and per-capita income, are basic to the operation of governments in developing countries and vital to nongovernmental organizations and other entities that provide financial aid to them. Rich countries and international financial institutions such as the World Bank allocate their development resources on the basis of such data. The paucity of accurate statistics is not merely a technical problem; it has a massive impact on the welfare of citizens in developing countries. Where do these statistics originate? How accurate are they? Poor Numbers is the first analysis of the production and use of African economic development statistics. Morten Jerven's research shows how the statistical capacities of sub-Saharan African economies have fallen into disarray. The numbers substantially misstate the actual state of affairs. As a result, scarce resources are misapplied. Development policy does not deliver the benefits expected. Policymakers' attempts to improve the lot of the citizenry are frustrated. Donors have no accurate sense of the impact of the aid they supply. Jerven’s findings from sub-Saharan Africa have far-reaching implications for aid and development policy. As Jerven notes, the current catchphrase in the development community is "evidence-based policy," and scholars are applying increasingly sophisticated econometric methods—but no statistical techniques can substitute for partial and unreliable data.
7.The Bet, by Paul Sabin The Bet weaves the two men’s lives and ideas together with the era’s partisan political clashes over the environment and the role of government. In a lively narrative leading from the dawning environmentalism of the 1960s through the pivotal presidential contest between Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan and on into the 1990s, Paul Sabin shows how the fight between Ehrlich and Simon—between environmental fears and free-market confidence—helped create the gulf separating environmentalists and their critics today. Drawing insights from both sides, Sabin argues for using social values, rather than economic or biological absolutes, to guide society’s crucial choices relating to climate change, the planet’s health, and our own.
Weight Regain – After 1-2 years, slight weight regain is common among all bariatric procedures and about 10-20% of patients can have significant weight regain after gastric sleeve surgery. After 5 years of follow up, many centers collected data to show that the majority of patients can maintain their weight loss after the Gastric Sleeve Surgery.
Broadcasts on Afghan TV showed protesters clambering on top of the walls of the compound and security forces with riot shields moving into position. Local broadcaster Ariana News later said Afghan police forces had cut its live feed from the scene.
“It shows that he does seize opportunities where he can be seen as someone who comes in and takes an issue to victory,” says Dadey, of Citizens Union. “That shows how astute and effective a political player our governor is.”
There’s a huge problem with this particular changing of the guard, however – after the heights of Series 9, we’d have to wait for a while. Series 10 has been pushed back to 2017, in order to make the transition from Moffat to Chibnall smoother. I’d support this decision if we only had something to watch other than the 2016 Christmas Special. You see, by Christmas 2016, 365 days will have passed without a new Doctor Who episode on TV, marking the first full year without the show since 2005.
Duck Dynasty, the show that gave a platform to unlikely Christian evangelists and not-so-subtle bigots, is finally going off the air. The Robertson family announced this week that the current season of the show would be its last.
Whether it was truly a joint decision from both sides is anyone’s guess. But the show won’t be missed by atheists or anyone else who cares about LGBT rights.
The Chunky Candy pavilion showed candies being made in slow-motion.
At the Seven-Up pavilion, you could sample sandwiches from 16 countries while a five-piece ensemble played American show tunes and music from all over Europe and Latin America.
They appeared in periodic fashion shows to exhibit the country’s “progressive present.”
At the Montana pavilion there was also an encampment of American Indians offering “several shows daily of tribal dancing.”
At the Clairol pavilion, ladies could enter one of 40 private booths on a slowly circling turntable in order to receive a “complete hair-coloring analysis” that showed them how they looked in various styles.
Plus “a Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority theater that shows color films of the many bridges and tunnels of New York.”
Kody Brown shown on the TLC show 'Sister Wives' (Screenshot)
The polygamist family featured in the reality television show “Sister Wives” lost its bid to overturn parts of Utah’s anti-bigamy law under a federal appeals court ruling issued on Monday.
Pirates have found a new loophole that allows them to copy 4k movies and TV-shows from Netflix and Amazon. Up until recently these high quality 4K resolution rips were nonexistent, but a flurry of new releases from various groups show that something has changed.
The media info for one of the Jessica Jones leaks show that it’s 4K, at a 32.5 Mbps bitrate. Unfortunately, that doesn’t necessarily mean that the video quality is always exceptional.
Coat of arms of the North Rhine-Westphalia was adopted in 1948. The coat of arms originates from the coat of arms of the Rhine Province on which a bend wavy is showed as well as a horse — the symbol of Westphalia. A heraldic rose of Lippe is present at the coat of arms. The Lippe family has roots since the X century whose house was named in honor of a river of the same name in Westphalia. Beatrix, the Queen of the Netherlands from 1980 to 2013, belongs to this house on her father’s side.
The altercation was videotaped back in 2013. It shows two Detroit police officers inside a Coney Island restaurant fist fighting Naibon Miller, 28, and Tywonn Mitchell, 23. Both men had to spend three days in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer. However, all the charges were dropped by a Wayne County Prosecutor after watching this video. You can clearly see that one of the cops initiated the fight poking one of the men in the chest.
"I thought Vince came in and showcased himself well," Hartford coach Keith McCambridge said. "He showed good poise with the puck and possessed strong attributes that you usually don't see right away in defensemen who are just getting a feel for the pro game. For a player who just joined us at the end of his season, he came across as very motivated and professional. He left a good impression on us."
Oath Keepers boarded up a bunch of the storefronts and started night rotations on several rooftops. … Fearing more arsonists, Oath Keeper volunteers kept buckets of water, fire extinguishers and other nonlethal weapons on the rooftops. Some are also armed with rifles that aren’t available at Walmart and Cabela’s. The volunteers said they were well aware of the risk to life that arson can play and the legal right to stop it from happening. Group volunteers say they are confident they have helped protect property and lives since they arrived. Victor Clark, a dentist at Ferguson Dental on South Florissant Road, said he was happy to have the Oath Keepers’ free assistance. He wants to reopen his business soon. On Monday, rioters shattered the front door and window, and stole dental needles and anesthetic. Then Oath Keepers showed up out of the blue. “We gave them our keys,” he said. “We didn’t know that much about them, but we got a feeling of trust. You have to do something to protect our building.”
Since, as mentioned above, Mer–/– and Nba2 mice do not develop kidney pathology, we could not assess the effects of B cell–intrinsic T-bet deletion on the development of these clinical features using these models of SLE. Nevertheless, these data show that our findings about the need for T-bet+ B cells for the appearance of autoimmune symptoms in SLE lupus-like disease is extendable to 2 other models of spontaneous autoantibody production. In combination with the recent discoveries of similar B cells in human patients (16, 17), discussed below, our data suggest that ABCs may be targets of interest in treatment of such diseases.
#share#But, in fact, anti-Muslim hate crimes have been comparatively rare since 2001, too, even if they have not receded to pre-2001 levels. The 154 incidents in 2014 are in line with the historical, post-2001 data, which shows an average of 139 incidents per year, with a low of 105 in 2008 and a high of 160 in 2010. Even in 2010, when numbers spiked, anti-Islamic attacks accounted for less than 2.5 percent of all hate-crime incidents.
“It's important that he gets out in the community and shows what QPR is – a family football club.
Today, 70 percent of the 107-person staff identify as having a disability. The staff members, called “prospects,” are responsible for running all parts of the theater—making popcorn, greeting customers, cleaning the theater and even creating advertisements and promotional videos to show before each screening.
Through working one-on-one with Santini, who used to work for a hip-hop nonprofit, Conille grew confident enough to star in promotional rap videos that show before the movie screenings. Conille has since won awards for his raps and even performed at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., for the World Hip Hop Conference.
“Our goal is to not only bring in audiences that may have been excluded from movie-going,” Santini said. “Our prospect staff works specifically with the individual, their caregiver and families to show tips and strategies to make normal movie-going an everyday occurrence.”
“We often find that accommodating people with disabilities is an afterthought,” he said. “What we want to show the world is that it should be at the forefront. Once you include, engage and employ this population who has long wanted to be a contributing member, the benefits are tenfold.”
It seems more people are getting tattoos these days to show loyalty to a particular brand or product than for traditional rebellious reasons. We’ve all seen our share of Nintendo, Apple or even Zune tattoos, but none of them come even close to the ink that one Spiderman fan had done. The tattoo is designed to look like the guy’s skin is actually being torn away to reveal the Spiderman costume underneath. While I personally think having the Superman logo revealed on his chest would’ve been slightly cooler, this tattoo is still an impressive piece of work.
Videos and photographs from 21 August show at least eight examples of the chemical type of Volcano rockets. There are three videos from an alleged chemical attack in Adra, Damascus, on 5 August showing the same type of Volcano rockets; one video from Adra in June showing a chemical Volcano rocket; and videos and photographs from December 2012 to January 2013 showing the remains of chemical Volcano rockets. In all examples the rockets have been fired at the opposition and appear to share an identical design, down to the smallest details.
Photographs and footage going back to November 2012 filmed by opposition activists shows Volcano rockets being launched. Eight videos from Mezzeh airbase, near Daraya, from December 2012 show Volcano rocket launches; and from October 2013 the rockets and their launchers began to show up from videos posted by the Syrian government's National Defence Force. Eventually, even pro-Hezbollah sources started posting images of Volcano rockets in action. It is quite clear that no matter how "homemade" Hersh believes the rockets to be, they have been used by the Syrian military for more than a year.
Videos from opposition groups show the other side of the fighting, including attacks on checkpoints and government movements. Based on this information it appears that the front lines were about 2km away from the furthest impact sites of rockets used on 21 August. Only two rockets landed at the 2km maximum range described by Lloyd and Postol, with the reported impact sites of the remaining rockets being between 1.5km-1.8km away. It has been possible to confirm the precise impact locations of some of the rockets by a combination of GPS information, satellite map imagery, photographs and videos, and around a dozen impact sites were reported by local groups in eastern Ghouta. Hersh's belief that the 2km rocket range is enough to dismiss them from his narrative is clearly misguided.
This official dismissal is echoed in the British foreign office's latest human rights report that does acknowledge persecution in Iraq but claims that "official figures do not show a significant overall increase in violence against, or systematic abuse of, the homosexual community by fundamentalists or militia groups". It makes no mention of allegations of state involvement and repeats claims by Iraq's human rights minister and the interior ministry that murders of LGBT people "will be prosecuted" (none have) and that "homosexuality is not a criminal offence in Iraq". Iraqi LGBT, however, has two documents from a judge ordering arrests of homosexuals in Babel province earlier this year; those arrested have disappeared.
At the dinner which was last night given by the British Government to the representatives of foreign countries taking part in the Olympic Games, and at which Sir Edward Grey was present, Lord Desborough said he wished to announce that the Queen would be pleased if the Italian representative would accept from her personally a cup in honour of the practical though not de facto victory of Dorando that day. The Queen wished to show her appreciation of the splendid running of the Italian by giving him personally a cup.
Here’s a copy of the email that recently showed up in my inbox:
After the last annual calculations of your fiscal activity we have determined that you are eligible to receive a tax refund under section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Tax refund value is $189.60. Please submit the tax refund request and allow us 6-9 days in order to IWP the data received. If u don’t receive your refund within 9 business days from the original IRS mailing date shown, you can start a refund trace online. If you distribute funds to other organization, your records must show wether they are exempt under section 497 (c) (15). In cases where the recipient org. is not exempt under section 497 (c) (15), you must have evidence the funds will be used for section 497 (c) (15) purposes. If you distribute fund to individuals, you should keep case histories showing the recipient’s name and address; the purpose of the award; the maner of section; and the realtionship of the recipient to any of your officers, directors, trustees, members, or major contributors. To access the form for your tax refund, please click here This notification has been sent by the Internal Revenue Service, a bureau of the Department of the Treasury. Sincerely Yours, John Stewart Director, Exempt. Organization Rulings and Agreements Letter Internal Revenue Service
A review of the Clintons' 2015 tax returns show they took in a combined $6.72 million from paid speeches. Their 2015 tax returns, which were released last week, also showed they paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent, and that they had an adjusted gross income of $10.6 million. Much of that came from paid speeches, and many of those speeches were to wall Street firms.
-- The rotation, with Goran Dragic given the night off, also gave Josh Richardson the opportunity to show his versatility.
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Boe also performed with Michael Ball in the English National Opera production of Kismet.[14] His live performance of the song "Stranger in Paradise" from Kismet on the Michael Parkinson show was released as a digital download single on 25 June 2007. In August, Boe realised an ambition to record an album of Neapolitan songs which was released in November under the title La Passione.[14] On 24 August 2007 he performed at the Arundel Festival alongside Natasha Marsh.[17][18] On 19 October 2007 he performed at Canterbury Cathedral during the Canterbury Festival.[19] Boe also performed at the annual Festival of Remembrance at the Royal Albert Hall on 10 November 2007.[20]
Under Elmendorf, CBO said that increasing marginal tax rates dampens economic growth because it reduces incentives to work, save, and invest. Elmendorf’s CBO said that transfer payments reduce work incentives and shrink the labor force. In contrast to President Obama and Dr. Krugman, Elmendorf’s CBO warned that high and rising debt levels will lower future income, increase pressure for higher taxes or less defense spending, and increase the risk of a fiscal crisis at some uncertain future date. In contrast to the Piketty Fan Club, CBO’s distributional analysis showed that the burden of financing government is even more distributed toward the high end than is income, and they integrated into their analysis the effects of both taxes and transfer payments.
The constant need to keep the price down means my choices are more and more limited but regardless of price, I’ve found the perfect box for the Poppet. It’s unique, attractive and totally perfect for the Poppet. Picking just the right extras for the inside was another interesting fight. I debated about so many things but in the end, decided some nice stickers and a badge for every yoyo so you can show off the Smashing YoYo Company logo wherever you go.
Every statement is either true or false (Law of the Excluded Middle) These axioms weren’t meant to describe how people actually think (that would be the realm of psychology), but how an idealized, perfectly rational person ought to think. Aristotle’s axiomatic method influenced an even more famous book, Euclid’s Elements, which is estimated to be second only to the Bible in the number of editions printed. Although ostensibly about geometry, the Elements became a standard textbook for teaching rigorous deductive reasoning. (Abraham Lincoln once said that he learned sound legal argumentation from studying Euclid.) In Euclid’s system, geometric ideas were represented as spatial diagrams. Geometry continued to be practiced this way until René Descartes, in the 1630s, showed that geometry could instead be represented as formulas. His Discourse on Method was the first mathematics text in the West to popularize what is now standard algebraic notation — x, y, z for variables, a, b, c for known quantities, and so on.
He showed the correspondence between electrical circuits and Boolean operations in a simple chart: This correspondence allowed computer scientists to import decades of work in logic and mathematics by Boole and subsequent logicians. In the second half of his paper, Shannon showed how Boolean logic could be used to create a circuit for adding two binary digits. By stringing these adder circuits together, arbitrarily complex arithmetical operations could be constructed. These circuits would become the basic building blocks of what are now known as arithmetical logic units, a key component in modern computers. Another way to characterize Shannon’s achievement is that he was first to distinguish between the logical and the physical layer of computers. (This distinction has become so fundamental to computer science that it might seem surprising to modern readers how insightful it was at the time—a reminder of the adage that “the philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.”) Since Shannon’s paper, a vast amount of progress has been made on the physical layer of computers, including the invention of the transistor in 1947 by William Shockley and his colleagues at Bell Labs. Transistors are dramatically improved versions of Shannon’s electrical relays — the best known way to physically encode Boolean operations. Over the next 70 years, the semiconductor industry packed more and more transistors into smaller spaces. A 2016 iPhone has about 3.3 billion transistors, each one a “relay switch” like those pictured in Shannon’s diagrams.
While Shannon showed how to map logic onto the physical world, Turing showed how to design computers in the language of mathematical logic. When Turing wrote his paper, in 1936, he was trying to solve “the decision problem,” first identified by the mathematician David Hilbert, who asked whether there was an algorithm that could determine whether an arbitrary mathematical statement is true or false. In contrast to Shannon’s paper, Turing’s paper is highly technical. Its primary historical significance lies not in its answer to the decision problem, but in the template for computer design it provided along the way. Turing was working in a tradition stretching back to Gottfried Leibniz, the philosophical giant who developed calculus independently of Newton. Among Leibniz’s many contributions to modern thought, one of the most intriguing was the idea of a new language he called the “universal characteristic” that, he imagined, could represent all possible mathematical and scientific knowledge. Inspired in part by the 13th-century religious philosopher Ramon Llull, Leibniz postulated that the language would be ideographic like Egyptian hieroglyphics, except characters would correspond to “atomic” concepts of math and science. He argued this language would give humankind an “instrument” that could enhance human reason “to a far greater extent than optical instruments” like the microscope and telescope.
On the second front, mathematicians used logical concepts to rebuild classical mathematics. For example, Peano’s system for arithmetic starts with a simple function called the successor function which increases any number by one. He uses the successor function to recursively define addition, uses addition to recursively define multiplication, and so on, until all the operations of number theory are defined. He then uses those definitions, along with formal logic, to prove theorems about arithmetic. The historian Thomas Kuhn once observed that “in science, novelty emerges only with difficulty.” Logic in the era of Hilbert’s program was a tumultuous process of creation and destruction. One logician would build up an elaborate system and another would tear it down. The favored tool of destruction was the construction of self-referential, paradoxical statements that showed the axioms from which they were derived to be inconsistent. A simple form of this “liar’s paradox” is the sentence: This sentence is false. If it is true then it is false, and if it is false then it is true, leading to an endless loop of self-contradiction. Russell made the first notable use of the liar’s paradox in mathematical logic. He showed that Frege’s system allowed self-contradicting sets to be derived: Let R be the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. If R is not a member of itself, then its definition dictates that it must contain itself, and if it contains itself, then it contradicts its own definition as the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. This became known as Russell’s paradox and was seen as a serious flaw in Frege’s achievement. (Frege himself was shocked by this discovery. He replied to Russell: “Your discovery of the contradiction caused me the greatest surprise and, I would almost say, consternation, since it has shaken the basis on which I intended to build my arithmetic.”)
Russell and his colleague Alfred North Whitehead put forth the most ambitious attempt to complete Hilbert’s program with the Principia Mathematica, published in three volumes between 1910 and 1913. The Principia’s method was so detailed that it took over 300 pages to get to the proof that 1+1=2. Russell and Whitehead tried to resolve Frege’s paradox by introducing what they called type theory. The idea was to partition formal languages into multiple levels or types. Each level could make reference to levels below, but not to their own or higher levels. This resolved self-referential paradoxes by, in effect, banning self-reference. (This solution was not popular with logicians, but it did influence computer science — most modern computer languages have features inspired by type theory.) Self-referential paradoxes ultimately showed that Hilbert’s program could never be successful. The first blow came in 1931, when Gödel published his now famous incompleteness theorem, which proved that any consistent logical system powerful enough to encompass arithmetic must also contain statements that are true but cannot be proven to be true. (Gödel’s incompleteness theorem is one of the few logical results that has been broadly popularized, thanks to books like Gödel, Escher, Bach and The Emperor’s New Mind). The final blow came when Turing and Alonzo Church independently proved that no algorithm could exist that determined whether an arbitrary mathematical statement was true or false. (Church did this by inventing an entirely different system called the lambda calculus, which would later inspire computer languages like Lisp.) The answer to the decision problem was negative.
Turing’s key insight came in the first section of his famous 1936 paper, “On Computable Numbers, With an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem.” In order to rigorously formulate the decision problem (the “Entscheidungsproblem”), Turing first created a mathematical model of what it means to be a computer (today, machines that fit this model are known as “universal Turing machines”). As the logician Martin Davis describes it: Turing knew that an algorithm is typically specified by a list of rules that a person can follow in a precise mechanical manner, like a recipe in a cookbook. He was able to show that such a person could be limited to a few extremely simple basic actions without changing the final outcome of the computation. Then, by proving that no machine performing only those basic actions could determine whether or not a given proposed conclusion follows from given premises using Frege’s rules, he was able to conclude that no algorithm for the Entscheidungsproblem exists. As a byproduct, he found a mathematical model of an all-purpose computing machine. Next, Turing showed how a program could be stored inside a computer alongside the data upon which it operates. In today’s vocabulary, we’d say that he invented the “stored-program” architecture that underlies most modern computers: Before Turing, the general supposition was that in dealing with such machines the three categories — machine, program, and data — were entirely separate entities. The machine was a physical object; today we would call it hardware. The program was the plan for doing a computation, perhaps embodied in punched cards or connections of cables in a plugboard. Finally, the data was the numerical input. Turing’s universal machine showed that the distinctness of these three categories is an illusion. This was the first rigorous demonstration that any computing logic that could be encoded in hardware could also be encoded in software. The architecture Turing described was later dubbed the “Von Neumann architecture” — but modern historians generally agree it came from Turing, as, apparently, did Von Neumann himself.
Iron Butterfly were stuck at the airport in New York and were unable to get to the festival by ground transportation, so they demanded the festival promoters send a helicopter for them. According to many a storyteller, the promoters sent the band’s manager a telegram, the first letter of each line spelling out the words “Fuck You.” So, no. Iron Butterfly didn’t show up.
Draw attention from foreign media in an attempt to show that the U.S. rhetoric about acceptance is hollow.
My second retirement revelation is the desire to stop letting money dictate my choices. No, I am not independently wealthy and don't expect a huge windfall in my lifetime but I also don't want the race for the paycheck to be the only consideration for the choices I make as I age. I am saving money for a future that may look different than today. Kathy at smartliving365 shows how "right sizing" your life can save you real dollars and allows you more freedom to pursue other interests. I found her discussion meaningful because Kathy and her husband not only cut expenses but in the process of right sizing was able to align their life more closely to their values. It was a win-win all around.
NASA representatives agreed to buy this moon-rock for an incredible price of $1.7 million. The meeting was agreed at Denny’s restaurant at Lake Elsinore in Riverside County. While this restaurant probably saw a lot, it had never witnessed what happened next. As soon as granny Davis showed the moon sample, half a dozen sheriff’s deputies and NASA investigators wearing bulletproof vests rushed in. When they took a hold of her, she was so scared she lost control of her bladder and in that condition was questioned and detained for two hours outside at nearby parking lot.
He also denied the Tory-DUP confidence and supply deal would make it impossible for the government to maintain their impartiality in Northern Ireland.
"So there's a supply chain that's all legal and then at some point people start selling them to the public.
That person was linked back to a legal supply chain.
There were about 4,000 Central Alaskan Yupik and Siberian Yupik living in several villages on the island in the mid-19th century. They subsisted by hunting walrus and whale and by fishing. A famine in 1878–1880 caused many to starve and many others to leave, decimating the island's population. A revenue cutter visited the island in 1880 and estimated that out of 700 inhabitants, 500 were found dead of starvation. Reports of the day put the blame on traders' supplying the people with liquor causing the people to ″neglect laying up their usual supply of provisions″.[6] Nearly all the residents remaining were Siberian Yupik.
Following the Claremont Road eviction, non-resident protesters moved on to other sites such as Newbury. Meanwhile, Fillebrook Road near Leytonstone Underground station had already had several houses demolished on it due to problems with vandalism. By 1995, the only house left standing was number 135. The house was originally scheduled for demolition at the same time as the others, but had been left standing in order to give the tenant additional time to relocate. After they had done so, on 11 April 1995, the Department for Transport removed the water supply and part of the roof, and left two security guards on duty. When the guards decided to sleep overnight in their cars that evening, leaving the house unoccupied, the protesters moved in. The house was renamed Munstonia (after The Munsters, thanks to its spooky appearance). Like "Wanstonia", they proclaimed themselves a micro-nation and designed their own national anthem and flag, though author Joe Moran mentions their legitimacy was complicated by the protesters continuing to claim unemployment benefits from the "mother country."
The hospital system has increased supplies across-the-board, hired contract nurses, moved staff from nonclinical positions and shifted schedules to ensure that more physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, nurses and technicians are available.
The policies of New York City’s school district “prohibit the use of school facilities, equipment and supplies on behalf of political organizations,” according to the education department’s court filing.
Much of the motivation for deficit reduction, a goal shared by policy makers across the political spectrum, is the belief that deficits consume the nation’s seed corn. That is, deficits represent negative saving. Because saving is presumed to be the key determinant of long-term real economic growth, deficits deplete the supply of saving and thus reduce growth.
The devil, however, is in the details, which Metro staff supplied to us last week.
During October, the major Communist powers – China and the Soviet Union – commenced unofficial military support of North Korea. The Soviets also committed to supply North Korea and China with its latest MiG-15 fighters, and to train Korean and Chinese pilots to fly them.[citation needed] China officially entered the war in support of North Korea on October 25, 1950. While its strength in ground forces initially overwhelmed UN forces, the Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) was, at the time, small and no better equipped than the KPAAF.
The groups warn that as Harvey—which on Tuesday was declared the most intense rain event in U.S. history—continues to dump water on the area, a breach of the embankment wall surrounding the twin reactors would create “an external flood potentially impacting the electrical supply from the switchyard to the reactor safety systems.” In turn, the water has the potential to “cause high-energy electrical fires and other cascading events initiating a severe accident leading to core damage.” Even worse, they added, “any significant loss of cooling water inventory in the Main Cooling Reservoir would reduce cooling capacity to the still operating reactors that could result in a meltdown.”
Whatever Moynihan once said, the way it works now, you don’t need to have your own opinions or your own facts. As long as you have your own all-encompassing theory of mass brainwashing, the opinions and facts that you want will supply themselves.
Exciting as it may sound, Microsoft’s new white space initiative does face some tricky challenges. Infrastructure is a big one. While white space internet service does utilize the very familiar TV spectrum, the ability to connect to the internet requires some special hardware. On the regional level, we’ll need to build special base stations, equip them with white space antennas, and supply them with electricity. (Solar power is an option for base stations that are off the electric grid.) On the local level, white space customers will need to access to special receivers that can turn the white space signal into something their computer understands, like wi-fi. All of this will cost money.
The SMM witnessed the impact of the conflict on the civilian population in the town of Yasynuvata, and met – in Chernivtsi – with Ukrainian activists delivering supplies to the area of fighting. The SMM deployed an advance team to Mariupol (113 km south of Donetsk) last night at 22:30hrs. They will be reinforced today. Reporting will also be initiated today.
A doctor from Chernivtsi, and social activists providing supplies such as clothes, shoes, military uniforms, food, and medicines to soldiers fighting in Donbas, told the SMM that their convoys, and volunteering medical personnel, had become sniper targets of either the ‘DPR’ or the so-called ‘Luhansk People’s Republic’.
By winning control Tel Khanzir, IS hopes to cut off the supply line between Tel Abyad and Ras al-Ain, which IS has attacked for the past month.
Corning Incorporated manufactures a high-purity fused silica employed in microlithography systems, a low expansion glass utilized in the construction of reflective mirror blanks, windows for U.S. space shuttles, and Steuben art glass. The number of Corning facilities employing the traditional tanks of molten glass has declined over the years, but it maintains the capacity to supply bulk or finished glass of many types.
Over its 160-year history Corning invented a process for rapid and inexpensive production of light bulbs, including developing the glass for Thomas Edison's light bulb. Corning was the glass supplier for lightbulbs for General Electric after Edison General Electric merged with Thomson-Houston Electric Company in 1892.[27] It was an early major manufacturer of glass panels and funnels for television tubes, invented and produced Vycor (high temperature glass with high thermal shock resistance). Corning invented and produced Pyrex, CorningWare Pyroceram glass-ceramic cookware, and Corelle durable glass dinnerware. Corning manufactured the windows for US manned space vehicles, and supplied the glass blank for the primary mirror in the Hubble Space Telescope.
The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily, when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time.
Both produce an endless supply of poop jokes.
Hawkeye tasks the team with making sure that the people who need the food get it which means hijacking a food convoy and locating one of Nick Fury’s secret bases for supplies that the resistance needs.
*Make things with beeswax safely–see my guidelines and precautions for melting wax here. You can find beeswax online at craft and candle suppliers, etc. Lanolin, coconut oil, jojoba oil, and sweet almond oil can be found online at health and beauty suppliers, and a lot of the same places where you buy soapmaking and other craft supplies including essential oils. (These are not expensive supplies other than the essential oils, if using.)
Office stock supply stagnant
Pouliot says Saint John's supply of office stock hasn't changed a lot.
Only neither of the brothers behind the company had the supplies they were selling, or experience in acquiring them, or knowledge of delivering them. And if the name has you wondering, neither of them actually has a Bronze Star.
One cool part of the 1.34 platform update is the "Support" multiplayer mode. This mode was designed to focus on aerial logistics, rather than combat (although the sessions are not exactly peaceful!). You and your friends are helicopter pilots whose main responsibility is to capture sectors by transporting infantry NPCs to them. Extra support options are Sling Loading supplies and performing casevacs. The mode does a great job of showing the many improvements that Helicopters DLC allowed us to make. We decided however, not to lock this mode to owners of the DLC. Everyone can play it and non-premium helicopters are available besides the Huron and Taru. The design Task Force consisting of Jirí Wainar, Nelson Duarte and Václav Oliva is looking forward to your feedback in this forums thread. A good way of trying the mode is to connect to one of our official servers. We're also hoping to livestream the mode this Friday!
The 1.34 update added a bunch of nice decorative objects for scenario designers. You'll find objects to bring your airports and heliports alive, as well as objects for Forward Operating Bases (from fuel bladders to desktop PCs and canteen supplies to sports equipment). The SPOTREP lists all of them, but you may have to explore the editor for a while to find the right categories. Shout out to our colleagues in Black Element Thailand, who did a good job of creating many of these!
Lastly, the stunning allegation that RIL’s KG-D6 partner NIKO supplies gas at half the price to Bangladesh is another spin on the truth. The fact is that NIKO’s gas deal with Bangladesh has absolutely nothing to do with KG-D6. On the contrary, NIKO provides gas from an on-land gas field near Dhaka. The implication of this on cost is obviously immense – with dramatically cheaper production and transportation bills, thus resulting in a lower price.
Federal legalization of cannabis for recreational use is expected by July 1, 2018. Under the federal government’s proposed Cannabis Act, which is not yet law, only licensed producers such as Delta 9 will be able to supply cannabis to the legal market.
Israel has allowed some fuel and medical supplies into Gaza, but has kept the border crossings closed except to meet emergency humanitarian needs. The block on food, fuel and medicine has led to long lines at stores and left hospitals without heat.
Volatility is all but certain to be the word of the year for the oil industry in 2017, as the uncertainty along all axes—politics, economic growth, supply disruptions, OPEC and non-OPEC quota compliance, and U.S. shale oil production—is probably as great as it has been since 1979 (Iranian Revolution, terrorism in Saudi Arabia, looming war between Iran and Iraq). Yet the price is high and predicted by many to go higher next year. (To many pundits, the optimism about next year’s oil price—and the U.S. stock market—should be taken as a bearish sign.)
Supply disruptions: The level of ‘lost’ supply has dropped recently, especially with the lifting of sanctions against Iran, but Libya, Nigeria and Venezuela all remain very serious question marks. The former two keep threatening to restore shut-in supply, but their oil bark has been worse than their oil bite—to date. Libya could apparently restore a significant amount of supply quickly with resolution of local disputes (and has restored two fields to production in recent days), but Nigeria has a tougher political hill to climb. Bearish.
Today, as a result of the Oslo Accords, the PA, not Israel, is responsible for the daily life of some 3.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. Remember, aides: Before “Oslo” Israel was responsible for the daily life of the Palestinians, in accordance with international law. Israel built the infrastructure, supplied electricity and water, and sustained health services, education, transportation, public order, policing and the courts. Israel also paid the salaries of thousands of Palestinian civil administration employees. Where would we be today if the Netanyahu government, which is having difficulties securing the social wellbeing of most of Israel’s citizens, would also have to care for millions of Palestinians as well? It would have been a disaster. A Palestinian once told me that the Oslo deal was “a brilliant Israeli arrangement.” How so? I asked him. “It created the only prison in the world where the prisoners have to provide for themselves, without the management’s participation.” Israel has the authority of the sovereign in the territories – without the obligations. This situation is a direct result of the Oslo Accords.
While the number of minority homeowners has advanced recently, climbing from 9.5 million in 1994 to 13.3 million in 2001 — an increase of 40 percent — the fact remains that it is still not at a level equal to that of white homeownership. And as President Bush pointed out, the homeownership rate for African Americans is 47 percent and for Hispanic Americans it is 48 percent, a stark contrast to the homeownership rate of 75 percent for white American households. That means there is currently a homeownership gap of over 25 points when comparing white households with African Americans and Hispanics. My friends, that gap is obviously far too wide. It has been far too wide for far too long. And when adding new factors into the equation — like an influx of new immigrants or continued reduction in the supply of affordable housing — it has the potential to become far worse.
"During the shoot of Monarch my small cast and modest crew would receive daily film stock supplies directly from Kodak HQ in Hemel Hempstead," director John Walsh said.
“In July, temperatures will increase to up to 40 degrees, which poses a significant public health hazard in connection with the lack of clean water supply and waste management,” he told IRIN.
The flight, chartered by the World Food Programme (WFP), includes 340 family tents, 42 metric tonnes of high energy biscuits and 15 metric tonnes of special nutrition bars contributed by the US Agency for International Development (USAID). The supplies will be distributed by WFP and the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
A second flight is due to arrive in Erbil today from Adana, Turkey, carrying 93 metric tonnes of food, enough to feed 11,500 people for three weeks. In addition to the flights, WFP is mobilizing more than 37,000 rations from around the region to feed up to 185,000 people for one month. Some 25 trucks carrying 500 metric tonnes of food supplies arrived Monday from Turkey to meet the urgent food need of refugees.
Increasing the blood supply is, without exaggeration, a matter of life and death for thousands of patients around the country, Mulatu says.
On the battlefield, change is constant, and targets of opportunities appear and disappear quickly. We believe in a Quick Reaction Force that can quickly adapt to the change on the battlefield. A QRF can strike targets deep in enemy territory or stop a incoming attack by destroying High Value Targets that disrupts the enemies supply chains.
Even so, when I encounter a future crisis of the soul, the eminently practical Feeling Good won’t be the only book I reach for. I might also pick up The Road Less Travelled, with its time-tested wisdom about finding meaning in struggle. Or I might open Darkness Visible, the unforgettable testimony of a writer who found the way back from his own personal hell. When it comes to achieving eudaimonia, we are all lone cosmonauts fumbling our way. The literature we choose to guide us should supply proven advice we can trust. But it should also, as Franz Kafka wrote, be ‘the axe for the frozen sea within us’, bludgeoning us in ways that awaken us to the extraordinary.
It seemed like a good idea at The New York Times, where Brian Stelter rhapsodized that “Al Jazeera is coming to America to supply old-fashioned, boots-on-the-ground news coverage to a country that doesn’t have enough of it.” Elites like Stelter couldn’t be bothered with AJA’s provenance – a parent bankrolled by the same people as Hamas, that acted as Al Qaeda’s PR arm during the Iraq War, completely ignored the public sexual assault on CBS’s Lara Logan and actually held a birthday/prisoner exchange party for a murdering Lebanese terrorist.
We began our adventures with a 5 hour direct flight from Boston with Icelandair. They handed out Icelandic bottled water in the shape of glaciers, which we thought was a really clever design. In addition, Icelandair supplied their passengers with cozy blankets and pillows for a comfortable flight. As the plane landed at 11:30 PM, we were welcomed by the midnight sun.
This arrangement may temporarily boost prices of these MBSs by taking some of the supply off the market, but it won't last for two reasons: (1) the central bank plans to hold these securities for only 28 days and (2) the home values that form the basis for these securities are still declining.
“Of our 47 cases, 25 cases have occurred within the city water supply distribution system. No common links have been found between the cases. The majority of our cases are home bound immune-comprised individuals who have not traveled and are not readily mobile,” he wrote.
Flint's switch to using the Flint River as its water supply in April 2014 was followed almost immediately by complaints from residents about discolored, pungent water that had caused a number of ailments. Local and state officials insisted for months the water was safe to drink but reversed course after independent testing discovered unsafe lead levels throughout the system believed to be caused by leaching from lead piping.
But back on Jan. 27, 2015, a county health official expressed frustration in an internal e-mail that he couldn't obtain information from local and state officials to investigate suspicions the water supply was behind the Legionnaires' outbreak.
A note from a doctor, Croft wrote, asserted that the woman’s son “breaks out when he is in the bath with the city water.” He asked Henry to work with the woman and supply any needed data that could “help determine the cause.”
"Once we promoted it and the product was on the shelves, it started flying off," Nunez said. "People are still looking for quinoa and we're not able to supply as fast as they want it."
Neglected and underused crops are also known as orphan, abandoned, lost, underutilized, local, minor, traditional, alternative, niche, or underdeveloped crops[1] and more lately often referred to as forgotten or smart food. These crops are domesticated plant species that have been used for centuries or even millennia for their food, fibre, fodder, oil or medicinal properties, but have been reduced in importance over time owing to particular supply and use constraints. These can include, inter alia, poor shelf life, unrecognized nutritional value, poor consumer awareness and reputational problems (famine food or "poor people's food", sometimes due to the modernization of agricultural practices). Some crops have been so neglected that genetic erosion of their genepools has become so severe that they are often regarded as lost crops.[2]
Weak or no formal seed supply systems
Remember that on October the 31st of 2016, right before the election, Democratic National Committee Interim Chair Donna Brazile was fired from her position as a political commentator at the fake news outlet CNN over email leaks suggested she had improperly supplied Hillary Clinton’s campaign with advanced knowledge of questions to be posed to her during Democratic campaign events hosted by the Communist News Network, CNN.
Those of us, who lived through power outages and gasoline shortages after Hurricane Sandy, know that gold wouldn’t have helped. Although people flock to gold in times of crisis, if a real crisis occurs, I have my doubts as to how effective a stockpile of gold would prove to be. If you stockpile gold somewhere safe, and a crisis occurs, how are you going to use your gold to provide useful goods and services? Do you think people are going to start pulling out their kitchen scales, weighing gold and trading it for eggs and chickens? If a real crisis occurs there are numerous things I’d rather own than gold; things like batteries, guns solar panels, chickens, a garden and oil and gasoline,” notes Dana Anspach, in an article she wrote for About.com. I lived through 14 days of the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. We had no power and our gasoline supply began to come under pressure. The long gas lines and falling temperatures made tempers rise. Gold wouldn’t have made a difference.
Nearly a fifth of the people on the planet live without access to electricity, and while generators can be used to provide power to these areas, most are too expensive or not portable enough to offer a real alternative. That’s where students at ETH Zurich stepped in. As part of their masters thesis project, the team created a low-cost portable hybrid generator that can provide enough power to supply over 20 homes with electricity – and it produces clean water as well.
The change of government also left at risk vast amounts of military materiel and armaments provided by Britain to the Kerensky government. There was concern that these supplies would be captured by the Germans or (worse) the Bolsheviks. This was unacceptable, both from a military and economic standpoint.
Enel also said that in circumstances "that are laying bare the dramatic structural fragility of the natural gas supply system and the dangers of over-reliance on one type of fuel to generate electricity, the diversification of energy resources, supplier countries and supply systems, and the need to ensure energy security and greater competitiveness for Italy has become a matter of even greater urgency and strategic importance."
"Because a polling site can be replaced by another at the last minute, and to ensure that electors always have access to the most accurate information regarding their location, Elections Canada indicated to political parties that the list supplied should only be used for internal purposes and that parties should not direct electors to polling sites," said the report.
The MCE experimental serum cholesterol lowering diet was derived from the “BC” diet of the institutional arm of the National Diet-Heart Feasibility Study at Faribault Hospital. 2 6 15 16 20 22 Liquid corn oil was used in place of the usual hospital cooking fats (including hydrogenated oils) and was also added to numerous food items (for example, salad dressings, filled beef (lean ground beef with added oil), filled milk, and filled cheeses). Soft corn oil polyunsaturated margarine was used in place of butter. This intervention produced a mean reduction in dietary saturated fat by about 50% (from 18.5% to 9.2% of calories) and increased linoleic acid intake by more than 280% (from about 3.4% to 13.2% of calories) 15 16 (fig 3 ⇑ ). Hospital specific fatty acid compositions based on chemical analysis of a three week supply of study foods in 1971 are shown in part 1 of the appendix. There was substantial variability in study diets between hospitals, with saturated fat ranging from 8.0% to 12.3% and linoleic acid ranging from about 11.3% to 16.5% of calories. Saturated fat, however, was markedly reduced, and linoleic acid was markedly increased, in each hospital. Based on the average dietary changes, the Keys equation predicts that the MCE intervention diet would produce a marked reduction in serum cholesterol concentration (fig 3 ⇑ and table 2 ⇓ ).
This second image shows Russian artillery units setting up positions in Krasnodon, NATO officials said. Vehicles believed to be carrying ammunition and supplies are alongside them.
Discussing your Nepal vacation packages with your travel agent will help you get the most of Nepal treks for your money. Trekking in Nepal can run up a considerable sum of money if you consider expensive mountaineer gear, equipment, supplies and multiple permits and fees you will have to pay up front.
Many people in Florida are evacuating their homes as Irma approaches the United States. President Trump is working with Florida Governor Rick Scott to get supplies to people affected. A state of emergency has been declared in Florida.
The cease-fire between Ukrainian forces and Russian insurgents that precariously prevails today was brought about by Franco-German diplomatic intervention to pre-empt declared American intentions to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to expand the war against the insurgents.
The 11th circuit decision means a new execution date could be set at any time. But the state's supply of execution drug pentobarbital expired last month, and the drug has become increasingly difficult to obtain since its manufacturer has barred its use for executions.
Weapons supplies were also a key factor working against the rebels. While munitions supplies from the MOC continued they did not always reach the rebel units most in need on the Sheikh Miskeen front lines. Many units received nothing, while others were fairly well supplied, according to accounts from several rebel commanders.
Another rebel commander blamed Washington, saying the US had blocked efforts by the MOC to dramatically increase the flow of weapons. “The Americans are letting us down, if they wanted to supply us with the right weapons on time, they could, nothing would be late,” he said. “US calculations on Syria seem to have changed.”
Rebels said the MOC had supplied them with weapons to fight factions allied with ISIL but, with regime forces closing on Sheikh Miskeen, the rebels’ international backers had urged them to focus on the defence of the town.
Tom Morris's production (designed by Tom Pye) works hard to compensate for the opera's failure to tell its own story. Significant dates are flashed up on the set, explanatory captions supply historical context, and if the effect is to make the piece seem more of a documentary than Adams and Goodman ever intended, then it's an unfortunate necessity. The stage pictures are economical, carefully managed and effective – the chorus unfurl green flags as Palestinians, carry olive trees as Israelis. Little is stylised, though some episodes are choreographed (by Arthur Pita) and enough grainy realism remains to make the true nature of the tragedy vivid.
The most efficient way to cultivate it was on large plantations. Since it was so valuable it was cheaper to just import food with the profits so as much land as possible could be dedicated to sugar cultivation. It was the islands of the west indies like Jamaica, Haiti, Cuba, and Barbados that were ideal for growing it. Sugar Cane exhausted the soil which would be an important factor in the future. The British West Indies were far more valuable then the mainland in the amount of profits it generated. The British West Indies were at one point 4 times as valuable as all the other British colonies combined. The Growth of the still colonial future northern united states was fueled by providing the food and supplies for these islands which generated enormous fortunes. Those plantation owners who got rich in the sugar returned to England where they formed the powerful “West Indian Interest” as Williams called it which bought a number of famous english politicians like Gladstone and the famous conservative Burke. They used their political muscle to enforce a sugar monopoly forcing England to buy it’s more expensive west indian sugar instead of the cheaper sugar from France’s newer and hence more fertile Caribbean colonies. This would later be their downfall but for a time they would rule England and their enormous fortunes would fund the industrialization of England.
They supplied not just english colonies with slaves but their Spanish and French competitors. It was well known at the time and once when a visiting (and intoxicated) actor was being heckled he shouted back that he refused to be insulted in a town built entirely on the blood of slaves. From it’s humble beginnings with a single slave ship stetting sail in 1709 by 1795 Liverpool controlled 5/8 of the British Slave Trade and 3/7 of the whole european slave trade. Bristol had begun as the dominant slave trading city but was forced by Liverpool’s competition into the equally slavery related sugar refining interest.
The Growth of Manchester was driven by the cotton manufacturing Cotton supplied by slave labor in America’s south. Birmingham sold Guns that were traded for African slaves (1 gun for 1 slave) fueling the massive but forgotten slave catching wars that would destabilize much of the continent spreading chaos, horror and murder across Africa. Incidentally as Gerald Horne points out once Britain abolished the slave trade in 1807 the United States would take over, Brazil for example owes it’s massive black population to the energetic efforts of the american slave traders.
Kerry "made clear" the United States holds Russia responsible for the carnage, especially for using incendiary and bunker-buster bombs in an urban environment, which Kirby called "a drastic escalation that puts civilians at great risk." The deteriorating situation has been exacerbated by continued‎ Russian and Syrian government attacks on hospitals, the water supply and other civilian infrastructure in Aleppo, he said.
Cannabis lawyer Jack Lloyd said supply issues are 'one of the reasons that medical cannabis dispensaries continue to exist' - because 'patients can’t rely on the government access program.' (Martin Trainor/CBC)
With a growing number of colleges and universities turning to adjunct faculty to supply their staffing needs, the high salaries of coaches are particularly remarkable; universities are willing to commit to covering coaches for guaranteed compensation in their contracts, but not to hire appropriate full-time staff for many of their academic departments.
You can believe what you want but please, allow me to do the same. The Zionists never stop bringing up the Holocaust, so is it not my right to question why no one ever mentions the Armenian massacres or the more recent genocide in Rwanda? So let's for now ignore what we've been led to believe regarding the holocaust. Let's think logically. The concentration camps were in the East, on the Russian side. Those in charge of the camps knew waiting for the Russians simply wasn't an option. With 20 million of their own dead, the Russians weren't taking prisoners. In any case, sooner or later, supply lines would be cut. Food and water would not get through, so well before the Russians reached the camps, the Germans upped and left. Of course camp internees could have left too - many most probably did but where would they go? They were effectively in a war zone without food and water. Those who stayed in the camps at least had shelter and the genuine hope that help would soon arrive. So far, have I said anything unreasonable?
But, why did the long-term interest rates increase while the short-term ones remain so low, particularly at a time when the banks are full of liquidity and could increase the supply of credit at a snap? One obvious answer is that the long-term market is expecting an increase in inflation rates. That is a good reason to stop quantitative easing, maybe better than the assertions of its complete success.
“I’m staggered that Ashers wouldn’t make the cake, but I’m glad that Londoncakes.com supplied it — the cake was delicious and made with love.”
According to the Post, nearly 700 people have been arrested in southern North Dakota since the protests began in August over fears that the local water supply could be contaminated and sacred sites destroyed if the construction of the pipeline is allowed to continue.
Due to disturbed supply of Uranium from different countries, India’s nuclear power plants haven’t been able to deliver the projected amount of electricity. According to the ministry of power’s executive summary published in 2016, India has set a target of producing 88,537 MW of power from all three major sources. But by January 2016, when the reports came out, India could only produce a total of 74,535.72 MW of electricity.
They had hesitated about investing in a new line to compete against Sharp, which is due to receive a $1 billion investment from Apple Inc, or South Korean rivals LG Display and Samsung Mobile Display, which have supply agreements with key clients.
The other lifeline for Pakistan's CNG supply is a controversial, multi-billion dollar pipeline to import natural gas from Iran. But Pakistan lacks the cash to build its half of the pipeline and the US has warned that completing the project would be in breach of US economic sanctions imposed on Iran.
With the strong network of quality suppliers and logistic partners, we were able to deliver. We specialize in end-to-end supply chain management, ensuring that products and services promised and agreed will be fulfilled to our clients and customers globally.
“It’s not based on chronology. It’s based on having good test results that show it’s safe,” Gov. Rick Snyder said at a press conference. Water testing by experts earlier in the crisis was questioned by state regulators, who maintained Flint’s water was safe more than a year after lead contamination began. On Wednesday, the state’s new interim environmental quality director said no longer would his department ignore the work of outside experts. “We are on the same page, and we’ll make sure we’re on the same page,” said Director Keith Creagh. “There is no excuse...We’ll make sure the data is accurate, vetted, and transparent.” Officials gathered Wednesday to lay out short-term plans for addressing the lead contamination crisis as well as talk of their commitment for longer term fixes. Among the short-term actions would be continuing to supply bottled water and filters to residents, as well as asking the federal government to extend Medicaid eligibility to all children under the age of 21. Water testing would also continue, and a team of experts will be working with state and local officials to determine its safety.
The rebels, meanwhile, are reportedly getting military support from Sunni-led Saudi Arabia, which plans to supply them with anti-aircraft missiles to counter the regime's air force.
"Are these the people you want to support? Are they the ones you want to supply with weapons? Then this probably has little relation to the humanitarian values preached in Europe for hundreds of years."
Mr Cameron says he blames the Assad regime and not its ally Russia for the ongoing violence, despite the supply of arms from Moscow.
He says the UK has still made no decision on whether to supply weapons to the rebels.
During 2014, it was reported that 90 to 95 percent of Gaza’s water supply was unfit for drinking. The Palestinian Water Authority found that the aquifer on which Gaza depends was highly polluted with pesticides and untreated sewage.
Vietnam is building strategic partnerships, with India extending a $US500 million line of credit for defence equipment, and Japan has supplied coast guard vessels and joined in naval exercises.
“What I hope to achieve is very simple. I want to tear apart the illegal file locker industry by removing its supply of funds and then ultimately removing its supply of network connectivity,” King told TorrentFreak.
Locals of Sulmona, a medieval walled city in Abruzzo, Italy, still drink from La Fontana del Vecchio, which supplies fresh water from the surrounding mountains via a 760-year-old aqueduct. (Photo: Mark Kurlyandchik, Detroit Free Press)
“Because JavaScript is single-threaded, that means if you have any long-running work it has to happen asynchronously for your app to remain responsive or it would just block and your browser would freeze,” said Anders Hejlsberg, the lead architect of C# and now also a core developer for Microsoft’s TypeScript transpiler for JavaScript. So the JavaScript runtime libraries and all the frameworks are designed such that they only have asynchronous ways of doing things. If you want to do an expensive operation like an XML HTTP request, you don’t get to block and await for the result; you get to supply a callback that calls you back later with the result.”
Adam's life (undeath?) takes a sudden turn when he's reunited with his longtime off-and-on lover, Eve (Swinton), and her wild card sister, Ava (Mia Wasikowska), paying a visit. They implement various schemes necessary for survival in a world in which humans have managed to taint their own blood, a sad state of affairs that requires working with a shady doctor (Jeffrey Wright) to get the supply they need to hang out for another millennium or two.
The Syrian security services, Jaafari said, also intercepted another communication between militants one of whom was called Abu Jihad. During that conversation, the latter indicated that toxic gas would be used and “asked those who are working with him to supply protective masks.”
Addendum 2488-Alpha: Original Containment Procedures Hide Addendum CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES, 1933 TO 1939 At least ten Foundation personnel are to be planted within Safety Harbor, Florida, while SCP-2488 persists. Investigations into the Safety Harbor Milk Delivery Service are considered top priority during SCP-2488 containment. However, the Second Life Labor Service is also to be implemented, in order to attempt to normalize life in Safety Harbor, while accounting for SCP-2488's effects. Census information from Safety Harbor is to be supplied remotely by Foundation personnel during containment development. Anyone attempting to enter Safety Harbor or approach it will be deterred by Foundation personnel posing as National Guard. The official cover story during containment is to establish that the area is currently undergoing sensitive relations with Native American peoples. Similarly, those who attempt to leave Safety Harbor are to be deterred with the news that nearby areas are undergoing conflict with Native American peoples. If interest in the cover story is generated in public media outside of Safety Harbor, Foundation personnel are to immediately repress emphasis on the town. Interests are instead to be directed towards northern regions of Florida as much as possible. DISCOVERY: SCP-2488 was first noted by a local publication claiming an uprising of the undead in west central Florida. The article, once investigated, was covered a second time in the same publication, and explained as a hoax. Peoples attempting to investigate Safety Harbor for themselves were deterred as the Foundation initiated investigation. The initial questioning of the mayor of Safety Harbor, Jackson Burk, led to the knowledge of a recent act of vandalism. The town's local Native American burial mound had been disturbed and laced with various litter as a rebellious act, in consequence of a newly established curfew. All the litter from the surface and first ten centimeters of the mound was removed, but it was otherwise left undisturbed during the investigation.
To power the device, you simply plug it into an outlet using the supplied plug and USB cord. Setup does get a little tricky, in that it requires you to wire it directly into your garage door opener. This is going to be the case with almost every smart garage door opener you purchase that isn’t already part of your dumb garage door opener (we’ll step through this too, shortly).
Note: I know I mentioned it above, but I wanted to make it clear that I was supplied a review unit for this article.
Project supporters say arid New Mexico cannot afford to pass up the water, an argument that carried the day with the commission, though the supply will be small. At Monday’s meeting, Interstate Stream Commission staff acknowledged that evaporation and reservoir seepage will eat up nearly half the water before it ever reaches any farms or cities.
The opportunity to develop a new water supply is too important to pass up, said state Engineer Scott Verhines, who serves as the commission’s secretary. “Few of New Mexico’s regions have an opportunity to develop new water. This one does,” Verhines said.
So Bigsby went online to contact an India-based "buyers club" -- a group that exploits wrinkles in international patent law and drug regulation in order to supply cheap medicine to people in need.
The potential for a stronger realism in Locke has been exploited by Putnam and Kripke in their development of a modern, essentialist conception of natural kind terms. Locke was pessimistic in two connected respects. First he was sceptical about the possibility of science discovering the nature of the real essences—the structures of atoms or molecules—that underlie kinds of substance picked out by our ordinary sortals. Second, he doubted whether the objects picked out by our actual substance concepts really shared a real essence in the way we assume that they do. He was not confident, that is, that everything we call gold, or iron, or a monkey, was actually interestingly similar at a non-superficial level. Both these forms of pessimism proved largely unfounded. The consequence of this is the possibility of bringing together real essence and the sortal concepts originally picked out by a nominal essence. We now know water to be H2O and iron to be the element of atomic weight 56. Our substance concepts were, often at least, tracking real essences in the world. This involves reinterpreting the rationale of our substance concepts. Locke thought that our concept of gold was properly expressed as ‘anything gold in colour, malleable, soluble in aqua regia’. He thought that we add the optimistic assumption that there will be similarity at the microscopic level. What many philosophers, under Putnam’s influence, now think he should have said is that gold is that kind of thing which is individuated by a particular kind of minute structure that underlies the stuff which is gold in colour, malleable, soluble in aqua regia. In other words, our confidence that these kinds have a genuine real essence is built into the concept. If this is correct, then our ordinary ‘natural kind’ concepts, like water and gold, have built into them intimations of a deeper unity than that supplied by superficial features, even if it be allied to a complete agnosticism about what that unity might consist in or whether we might ever uncover it.
The approximately 8,000 rebels – including al-Qaeda affiliated fighters – have been cut off from reinforcements, aid and food supplies since August.
The first flight of the Ares rocket (not to be confused with the similarly named rocket of the now defunct Constellation program) would take an unmanned Earth Return Vehicle to Mars after a 6-month cruise phase, with a supply of hydrogen, a chemical plant and a small nuclear reactor. Once there, a series of chemical reactions (the Sabatier reaction coupled with electrolysis) would be used to combine a small amount of hydrogen (8 tons) carried by the Earth Return Vehicle with the carbon dioxide of the Martian atmosphere to create up to 112 tonnes of methane and oxygen. This relatively simple chemical-engineering procedure was used regularly in the 19th and 20th centuries,[8] and would ensure that only 7% of the return propellant would need to be carried to the surface of Mars.
Few weeks ago, TVB news ran a story on water supply issues in the developing world.
Successful people believe that there is enough supply of “wins” for everyone. They know that the more successful and happy people there are on our planet, the stronger, more positive energy our world will be filled with. If another person succeeds at something they have not yet been able to achieve, successful people show gratitude for their win because it can now serve as added motivation for them to reach that goal as well!
Yesterday, independent Kennedy MP Bob Katter said he would guarantee supply and confidence for the Coalition if there was a hung parliament. Today he was joined by Indi MP Cathy McGowan. Denison MP Andrew Wilkie has also said he would not vote against a Budget supply bill.
Andrew Wilkie released a statement saying: “I will continue to vote on parliamentary business on its merits, and consequently not support a vote against budget supply or confidence in the government unless clearly warranted, for example in a case of malfeasance”.
Earlier Cathy McGowan, who defeated the Liberals’ Sophie Mirabella in the seat of Indi, said she would offer supply and confidence.
This means she will guarantee supply and confidence for the government, but will still consider each piece of legislation on its merits.
“We will form a majority Government and we’re also making arrangements with some of the crossbenchers for supply and confidence, so we will have a solid Government.”
The veteran north Queensland MP Bob Katter met with Mr Turnbull on Thursday and said he would support the Coalition for budget supply and confidence when parliament returned in August.
Two independents have publicly supported the Coalition forming government, saying they will “guarantee supply and confidence”.
“Companies of course have these international supply chains because it makes it cheaper for them to produce their products. So almost inevitably, if you don’t let them do that, their products will become more expensive for consumers,” said Stan Veuger, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “For sure it’s going to increase prices.”
The Dapper Deck Deluxe is comprised of a heavy wooden box that previews the Dapper Deck design. Inside you are supplied with a deck of each color--navy and orange--as well as the pocket square (made of the finest quality silk available to us) and a thin, silk tie. A practice mirror is provided on the lid of the box for a quick check to make sure your hands are nimble and your tie is on straight. And an ornamental lock and key are provided to keep unsuspecting eyes away from the secrets of the Dapper Deck.
Finally we have [julien] with PoEPi: Pi Zero Power over Ethernet with PHY. The Raspberry Pi Zero is so tiny, that it’s easy to forget it needs a fair amount of power to run. [Julien] is giving us a way to connect our Pi to a network while ditching the USB power supply using Power Over Ethernet (PoE). PoE has been powering devices like IP cameras for years now. It’s become a standard way of transmitting power and data. For the Ethernet physical interface, [Julien] is using Microchip’s ENC28J60, which has a handy SPI interface. Linux already has drivers in place for the device, so it’s a slam dunk. The “power” part of this system comes with the help of an LTC4267 PoE interface chip, which has a built-in switching regulator.
Tickets for Tuesday night’s show are in limited supply but available for $15 by visiting miltontheatre.com or by calling (302) 684-3038.
In the case of mineworkers, the migrant labor system of apartheid continues. And indeed for the Marikana platinum miners and the others in the Platinum Belt, they often have a family locally plus back in their original home areas, the old bantustans. And that, plus the credit system being completely out of control and massive consumer debt–what are called mashonisas (loan sharks) here have really taken away the pay packets through stop orders, garnishee orders, on these miners’ salaries. So they’ve been demanding an increase from around $400 a month for the starting wage to a starting wage of about USD 1,100. And the big platinum companies don’t, obviously, want to give that kind of concession to some 70,000 workers now on strike. And the price of platinum’s gone up because of the anticipated supply constraint, since South Africa supplies 80 percent of the world market.
Chapter 6: Like others said, a special episode for the sole fact that it is the first time it is focused on the Medical Staff. I really likes Doc Roe, though I didnt think the relationship with nurse was usefull for the episode. I liked the way supplies were short, morale was low yet E company held on. The creators really tried to make us think how miserable they are, but to tell the truth after reading some books the matter was even MUCH MUCH worse, just look at a map of the battle of the bulge. Anyhow, great episode.
A Chinese man has been awarded a lifetime supply of fish heads at a local restaurant, after he stopped his car en route to a fish head lunch to perform a dramatic underwater rescue.
At this stage, though, it’s far from clear how much impact the new sanctions, which could be formally agreed upon as early as next week, will have on the Russian economy. On the face of it, the new proposal appears to represent a significant escalation from previous E.U. measures—but the devil is in the details, which have yet to be worked out. British diplomats, keen to promote the City of London, which services Russian money, will be going through the language of the banking proposals meticulously, seeking to limit their impact. The French, who supply arms to Moscow, will be seeking to make sure that their existing contracts aren’t affected. And the Germans, who receive about a third of their natural gas from Russia, will be scrutinizing any restrictions on Gazprom and other Russian energy exporters.
Has that triple lock now been broken? I doubt it. We already know that Russia’s energy sector—which supplies power to many European countries, not just Germany—is likely to escape most of the new restrictions. The exact terms of the arms embargo have yet to be decided, but it isn’t expected to have any effect on existing contracts, such as France’s delivery, later this year, of a Mistral warship. That leaves the new financial sanctions, and I’d be willing to wager that they won’t be as draconian as they might appear, either.
All in all, it looks like Putin, who earlier this week appeared to be getting a bit rattled by the international outrage directed at him, has reason to smile. If Russia did supply the missile that downed MH17, its president bears responsibility for an attack that, though almost certainly directed at the wrong target, killed almost two hundred citizens of a core member of NATO, along with nearly a hundred others. In response, he gets what seems a very modest punishment. Not a slap on the wrist, perhaps, but also not anything that will threaten his continued hold on power, or even his belligerent approach to Ukraine.
Forensics experts consider that animals decay in five major stages—a process that takes a few weeks for most of the degradation, then many more months till a body is reduced to skeletal remains. The first stage is “fresh”—the immediate aftermath of death, when oxygen is no longer supplied to the cells and anaerobic bacteria (which do not require oxygen to survive), already present in staggeringly high numbers in the digestive tract, begin to really proliferate. And by high numbers, consider this: on a normal day, there are 10 times more bacteria in and on our body than the number of cells that constitute “us,”—i.e., the human self, the ego and the id and the superego, and the accompanying package known as the body. By the numbers, we are composed of 100 trillion cells. Ten times that number means we are surrounded and occupied by a cool quadrillion bacteria, a staggering, even unimaginable, number. I mean, Christ was born, if he was born, only 64 billion seconds ago. The number of bacteria we associate with is 18,000 times larger than that.
Given that the woman in L.A. had last been seen two to three weeks before the discovery of her body, she likely was at some stage of putrefaction, the pace of which was slowed by submersion in water. Still, it is likely that billions or even trillions of new bacteria had overtaken her body, with many spilling into the water. Furthermore, as she moved to the end of putrefaction and into active decay, the liquefied tissue likely supplied even more bacteria into the Cecil Hotel water supply. Water supplies are equipped to handle some amount of bacteria; indeed American municipal water is treated with various antibacterials, such as chlorine, to keep drinking water safe. The amount of bacteria, though, from a decaying animal would easily overwhelm the range of what routine treatment could prevent.
Cook supplied 40 rushing yards on the first series of the game, a touchdown drive for FSU. His 45-yard catch led to a field goal a few minutes later. He didn't account for much on the Seminoles' next two scoring drives as the Wolverines did a great job bottling him up, but when the game got close late, Cook reappeared -- twice.
Chavez, a frequent critic of the US and its allies, said Venezuela also is trying to supply food and medical aid to Gaza.
Kurachi, 32, arrived in Yellowknife mid-January. Kurachi has a tent, a stove and a generous supply of Ichiban noodles. He plans to eat three packages of those a day.​
Though he made his name as a sanitary engineer to blue bloods, his company supplied plumbing fixtures to Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace, and Westminster Abbey, among other royal estates. Crapper himself was lowborn and was never knighted. So, it's a mystery why storytellers insist on awarding him the title "Sir,” although that misconception might account for why we sometimes call our bathrooms "throne rooms." Compounding the error, Crapper is sometimes referred to as "Sir John Crapper."
Sixth, concealment. How do you hide all of this? The building, the supply chain, the people, the money, and the very smelly waste stream. Where are they? They need to be concealed not just from the Syrian regime but from other rebel factions, western intelligence agencies, the Russians, and perhaps even your own people who might desert, get captured or say silly things on YouTube videos. There is deathly silence from Aleppo and we only find out about it from Hersh?
Hennessey gave several examples of CBO analyses under Elmendorf that have served to undermine pernicious lefty ideas. When "Team Obama" insisted that an increase in the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour would "benefit millions and harm no one," Hennessey wrote, "CBO destroyed this claim, pointing out that the President’s favored policy would reduce the labor supply by about half a million workers." In turn:
"The press repeatedly wrote that 'the nonpartisan CBO' said the President’s minimum wage increase would reduce the labor supply by half a million workers.' We won those debates in part thanks to an assist from a CBO that was and was described as unbiased and nonpartisan."
The error was compounded in the 1990s when China and eastern Europe suddenly joined the global economy, flooding the world with cheap exports in a "positive supply shock". Falling prices of manufactured goods masked the rampant asset inflation that was building up. "Policy makers were seduced into inaction by a set of comforting beliefs, all of which we now see were false. They believed that if inflation was under control, all was well," he said.
The moon is too far away and we are too poor to ever be able to land there again. So, there is quite limited supply of the lunar material available. In total, NASA’s Apollo missions from 1969 to 1972 managed to bring down some 2,200 samples of lunar rocks, pebbles, sand and dust weighing about 840 pounds. Thats it, the grand total of lunar material on our little blue-green planet. If China, Brazil, Russia or any of the so-called developing nations does not land something up there, that is all we will have for quite a long time.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
“Metal Gear Solid V has received collectively over 60 industry accolades and awards thus far,” says Konami president Tomotada Tashiro in a statement. “The Definitive Experience will give players an opportunity to play the complete MGSV experience, without interruption. Additionally, with Metal Gear Online, players also get access to a completely unique multi-player setting that is designed for a truly engrossing gaming experience as well.”
Pedicure perfect: Comfys have been designed to stretch, flex and rejuvenate your feet
Bedrock presented preliminary design and plans for the site of the former J.L. Hudson’s Department Store Wednesday, February 22, 2017, at a meeting of the DDA (Photo: Bedrock Detroit)
The DDA board quickly approved a new time frame for the yet-unnamed development. An entity linked to Gilbert has had development rights for the former Hudson’s site since 2010; the DDA has granted extensions for the project several times. Early designs released in 2015 showed a swooping glass-and-metal structure.
The proposed tower would make the structure Detroit’s tallest — by 7 feet. The 70-story center tower of the General Motors Renaissance Center stands 727 feet tall. The development plans were designed by SHoP Architects of New York in conjunction with Detroit-based Hamilton Anderson Associates.
The budget would crack down on the CFPB, an agency created after the financial crisis that is designed to ensure that lenders don't rip off consumers. It proposes reducing the CFPB's funding by $6.8 billion between 2018 and 2027. The watchdog agency is an “unaccountable bureaucracy controlled by an independent director with unchecked regulatory authority and punitive power,” the White House said in its budget request. The agency needs to be restructured, it said, and limiting its budget in 2018 would “allow for an efficient transition period.”
Back in 2006, the Turin municipality and the national government spent over 140 million euros in building a new neighbourhood to host athletes for the Winter Olympic Games. This was in an area that once held the city’s biggest wholesale market (MOI – Mercato Ortofrutticolo all’Ingrosso). Designed by international architects and built according to the latest ecological and sustainable design criteria, the Olympic Village was finished in 20 months. It was used for around 16 days and left mostly empty after the Games ended.
This is where the media comes in. Research that you hear about may be just one study designed to tackle a specific angle to a much larger problem. This is where the media (yes, ourselves at Lifehacker included) are at fault. Preliminary results published and popularized as cure-alls, rat cures touted as future human cures, it makes the public believe every miracle is a few trials away, and when it's not, people are frustrated and confused. This kind of poor communication and science reporting is a topic we've covered before in detail, and it plays a huge role in making the public's perception of science and medicine worse. As a result, it sends people running into the arms of diet hucksters and snake oil salesmen, eager to capitalize on that lack of trust.
“David Cameron has said this measure is designed to ‘modernise’ the law. He fails to understand the full extent of how out of date the law is. The only way you can shut down cryptographic distributed networks today is to either arrest the vast majority of (or in the case of a blockchain database, all) persons running a node and ensure that every single data store containing a copy of that application database is destroyed; or shut down the Internet.”
There is merit in Villeneuve's characterization of partition as being primarily an argument designed to encourage Quebecers to vote against separation in any future referendum on separation. Trudeau's 1980 observation that if Canada is divisible, Quebec is also divisible, was made on the eve of a referendum in which he was attempting to encourage voters to cast their ballots against secession. The first book on the subject, and the one which gave its name to the movement, was 1980's Partition, the Price of Quebec's Independence, by Lionel Albert and William Shaw. The title of this book makes clear its intention to use the threat of territorial losses to dissuade Quebecers from voting in favour of secession. Stephen Scott was even more direct about his intention to use the threat of partition as a means of preventing separation altogether:
By the time of the second referendum on secession, in 1995, not all partition arguments were designed with the intention of causing Quebecers to vote against independence. The referendums by Quebec's Cree and Inuit populations in the days prior to the province's referendum seem to have been designed not to serve as a threat, but rather to provide a clear basis on which to actually carry out the separation of these territories from Quebec, in the event of a provincewide majority in favour of secession.
Tom Nemitz, an architect who led the “visioning” effort, said the suggestions gained from meeting with residents and stakeholders in the area, concluded the “South Arena District” should establish “street grids” that end the US-131 off ramp at Cherry Street rather than Oakes Street. One option called for a tree-lined boulevard leading to Oakes Street while another option called for the creation of a park-like plaza connected to Oakes Street. While the DDA did not act on any of the plans, it voted to approve the five priorities established by the study. Those goals included: • Growing business and economic opportunities • Greening streets, buildings and public spaces • Building compact urban blocks that are densely developed and designed for people • Connecting transit, shops, restaurants, hotels, schools and the Grand River • Living and engaging in a multi-season inclusive environment. Mayor George Heartwell urged the planners to consider the needs of low-income residents in the neighborhood. Heartwell also encouraged the planners to consider mass transit options as an alternative to replacing the parking spots that will be lost with redevelopment. em>E-mail Jim Harger:
Having to support 3-4 major browser was already a pain, but supporting 7-8 various browser versions is impossible. Even worse, only Chrome is really set up for rapid client releases; Firefox, for instance, is trying to release more often, but has already claimed its first casualties with a legacy plugin system[2] that wasn’t designed for malleable software versioning. In other words, a lot of add-ons just stopped working with the upgrade, despite how similar FF5 was to FF4.
Adding even more features that is basically implemented in the 3rd-place browser further bifurcates web development: either make full use of new technologies and create cool demos that target a small subset of platforms, or work across all modern platforms targeting a wide audience while sticking with more mundane design and coding techniques. I think most of us who have to work on the web fall into the latter camp by business necessity; it’s only in our spare time that we can try out the new stuff, but with no real hope to transfer what we learn back work-related tasks.
Ted Stopulos, a legislative liaison for the governor, said the bill was designed to be a starting "framework" for discussions. He said Branstad has been meeting with stakeholders in the weeks since announcing his plan and his administration plans to bring amendments to address a number of issues that have caused some concern.
Andrea's patch mentioned above was never included in upstream Linux in 2004, and no improved version appeared in its place in the years following. That changed in 2010 when a highly-publicized instance of the kind of vulnerability Andrea's patch was designed to prevent was published against the X server by Rafal Wojtczuk. Rafal had worked with distributions on the now-shuttered private vendor-sec mailing list to ensure a fix for the issue was created at the kernel level. Seven weeks later, based purely off private discussions, Linus attempted to silently fix the issue via this commit, yet it had to be revised repeatedly later (at least as late as 2013 -- see this commit) as it broke userland applications and oopsed the kernel. But more importantly, Linus' patch didn't address the wider problem, but instead only the particular reported instance of the problem -- attacker-controlled recursion that could be prevented by a single guard page. We mentioned the problems with the patch publicly in comments on an LWN article on Linus' patch, but those comments, technical explanations, and C/assembly examples of issues not covered by Linus' patch fell on deaf ears; the upstream Linux stack/heap guard code saw no improvements in the following years. And now, as they say, the chickens have come home to roost.
This claim was repeated by various news outlets reporting on the upstream VMAP_STACK feature. One may recall VMAP_STACK for being responsible for over a dozen kernel CVEs, introducing potential memory corruption and denial of service through its design and resulting in several additional CVEs for memory handling errors in the fixes needed for those CVEs. Defending VMAP_STACK recently against claims by me that the implementation is objectively bad, Kees Cook of the KSPP said "With this implementation in place, now those kernel stack exploit methods are dead." Remember that even though stack overflow vulnerabilities are quite rare in the first place, let alone exploitable ones, at least one of the published exploits for a Linux kernel stack overflow vulnerability (CVE-2010-3848) was exactly for this kind of vulnerability that VMAP_STACK would be unable to protect against. Unless there were at least 99 other exploitable stack overflow vulnerabilities in the kernel, characterizations by another KSPP and linux-hardened contributor that VMAP_STACK fixes 99% of the issue are also patently false.
The advertisement must have been popular, because for decades since, most people assume design and colors of the BMW Roundel are firmly rooted in aviation.
Somewhat ironically, this first BMW automobile owed nearly all of its design to the Austin 7, a huge sales hit that was originally designed and engineered entirely...in Britain!
Van Dyke said the counter-event will include music, poetry and other activities designed to attract young people. Its organizers, she said, include Christian Churches United, the Community Responders Network, the Mayor's Interfaith Advisory Council, and the World Affairs Council.
Another reason that many disparage visual design is that there is real incentive to distancing oneself from it. Many rightly realize that the quickest way to guarantee not getting respect is if their job title includes the word "creative." Thus there is a compensatory advantage to marginalizing visual design and thus proving one's dedication to doing the 'real work.' Daniel Burka of Google Ventures found "Even among designers of similar seniority, there is marked difference in compensation for UX Design, UI Design, and Visual Design," with salaries tending to descend in that order.
Paul Rand once claimed "A bad design is irrelevant, superficial…basically like all the stuff you see out there today." In the years since, he has not been alone in promoting this sentiment. In the introduction to Humanist Interface, I note that designers at prominent companies like Apple, Amazon, and Facebook argue that design used to be a trivial coat of paint.
Since that writing, Facebook's Director of Product Design, Maria Guidice chided designers who "like to make things pretty, a term I like to refer to as 'aesthetic masturbation.'" Today we are told we can rest assured that visual design is no longer so vacuous and superficial, due to the advent of flat design.
I take a different stance. 'Pure veneer' is not an insult in my book. Quite the opposite, it is the very definition of visual design. Thinking visual design is anything but superficial not only requires a profound level of ignorance, but it indicates an incredibly limited view of what visual communication can accomplish.
These rationalizations by newly turned modern minimalists are incredibly telling. If prominent practitioners are being honest with us in claiming that visual design was plagued by harmful decoration only up until the advent of flat design, then they are admitting that for years, for the history of the GUI, and perhaps even the entire history of design itself, designers have been putting on a sham project in order to dupe corporations.
Worse still, claims of visual design's insignificance tell us that design leaders never took their craft seriously. It truly undermines their credibility that it took the arrival of flat design for them to treat the entire spectrum of roles in product design with respect. Of course, as soon as that happened, they graduated from respecting traditional interface design principles.
This so-called 'maturation' in the vast majority of the design industry is in this way a major indictment of the professional history of these practitioners. If anyone should be condemned, it should not be those accused of the crime of visual design, but those practitioners who treat their job as frivolous.
Perhaps the design world breeds a form of narcissism due to its nature as a winner-take-all economy. That would explain the logic of this race to the bottom in which designers feel compelled to attack their craft before others assume they are 'bullshitters' too. In the words of Dr. Sam Vaknin:
Now, these are not really very old entities but it was the first Indian television brand that I got to watch (at my neighbour’s place). I believe it was in 1980 or so? These Dyanora TVs (black and white) used to be thrice as big as its picture tube itself with two speakers on either side and sliding shutters that would close from both sides. It had pathetic design aesthetics but who cares when the transmission itself is available for only one or two hours per day – that too in black and white and with full of interruptions (Rukaavat ke liye khed hai!)
"We recently identified an ad designed to spread malware to some of our users," Yahoo said Saturday in a statement. "We immediately removed it and will continue to monitor and block any ads being used for this activity."
On Friday, January 3, on our European sites, we served some advertisements that did not meet our editorial guidelines, specifically, they were designed to spread malware. We promptly removed these advertisements. Users in North America, Asia Pacific and Latin America were not served these advertisements and were not affected. Additionally, users using Macs and mobile devices were not affected.
Despite the dominance of digital atheism, the community hasn’t made the same impact on the mobile web. The online atheism community hasn’t produced many apps of its own. Many of them are mainly collections of Richard Dawkins quotes in horrible fonts; others, like the Atheist Pocket Debater, are explicitly designed to needle Christians. While there are atheist apps, most of them are terrible, or promote arguing.
McKean designed the posters for the Raindance Film Festival[15] for five consecutive years between 1996–2000. In 1997 he wrote, directed and edited a ninety-second trailer for the festival. In 2005, McKean designed the poster for the 32nd Telluride Film Festival. In 2006, he designed projections, sets and directed film clips for the Broadway musical Lestat, adapted from Anne Rice's novels, with music and lyrics by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.
McKean designed and illustrated John Cale's autobiography What's Welsh for Zen, a further biography called Sedition and Alchemy, a box set of C.D.s called Circus Live, and used John's Welsh-by-way-of-New York voice as the narrator for his short film N[eon].
In 2008, McKean collaborated with Heston Blumenthal on The Fat Duck Cookbook, an autobiography, compilation of key recipes and insight into Blumenthal's scientific method. The book was nominated in the James Beard Foundation Awards for Cooking from a Professional Point of View and won the Photography/Illustration award. In 2014, McKean collaborated again with Blumenthal and writer Pascal Clariss on Historical Heston, a collection of historically inspired recipes. The book won two James Beard Foundation Awards. McKean is the Director of Story at The Fat Duck, and helped to relaunch the restaurant after its refurbishment in 2015. He has created package designs, maps, menu designs and murals for The Fat Duck, as well as Dinner by Heston Blumenthal in London and Melbourne.
Separately, the attorneys, citing a law school investigation, said Bogdan may have perjured himself when he testified before the military commissions earlier this year in Mohammed’s case about secret listening devices designed to look like smoke detectors that were placed in the rooms where attorneys meet with prisoners, but were never turned on. The investigation by Seton Hall University’s Center for Policy and Research concluded that Bogdan’s testimony was inconsistent about what he knew and when he knew it. The Seton Hall report was co-written by former Guantanamo guard Joseph Hickman.
In the late 1800s, Japan began adopting Western clothing; by the 1940s, it was the standard wardrobe for daily life. But if Japan had won the war, it seems likely that many of its traditional textiles and designs would have filtered into Americans’ style. Can you see a postwar Ivy League alum cooling down after a tennis match wearing a Japanese robe called a yukata? Or a CEO’s suit lined with flashy, kimono-inspired fabric?
It’s not that hard to imagine, since similar looks have made it into American stores in the real world. Japanese retailer Uniqlo, renowned for its preppy clothes, also carries yukatas and Japanese-patterned shorts in its lineup. And Harajuku style, which merges American design and theatrical Japanese aesthetic, shows how the east Asian nation’s culture has impacted western clothing today.
Explanation: What if you were followed around by a cute floating ball that kept taking your picture? Then you might be an astronaut on today's International Space Station (ISS). Designed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the JEM Internal Ball Camera -- informally "Int-Ball" -- is a bit larger than a softball, can float and maneuver by itself but also be controlled remotely, can take high resolution images and videos, and is not related to Hello Kitty. Int-Ball was delivered to the ISS in early June and is designed to allow ground-control to increase the monitoring of ISS equipment and activities while decreasing time demands on human astronauts. Int-Ball moves by turning on small internal fans and sees with a camera located between its two dark eyes.
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.92 KB Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
The skywriting also directed viewers to the Rubio campaign-donor Pate’s new PAC website, http://anybodybuttrump.us/, a crudely designed site that viscerally attacks the 2016 GOP frontrunner.
Following the Claremont Road eviction, non-resident protesters moved on to other sites such as Newbury. Meanwhile, Fillebrook Road near Leytonstone Underground station had already had several houses demolished on it due to problems with vandalism. By 1995, the only house left standing was number 135. The house was originally scheduled for demolition at the same time as the others, but had been left standing in order to give the tenant additional time to relocate. After they had done so, on 11 April 1995, the Department for Transport removed the water supply and part of the roof, and left two security guards on duty. When the guards decided to sleep overnight in their cars that evening, leaving the house unoccupied, the protesters moved in. The house was renamed Munstonia (after The Munsters, thanks to its spooky appearance). Like "Wanstonia", they proclaimed themselves a micro-nation and designed their own national anthem and flag, though author Joe Moran mentions their legitimacy was complicated by the protesters continuing to claim unemployment benefits from the "mother country."
Such techniques are also bringing prosthetics to people who previously could not afford them. For instance, the open-source “robohand” project, pioneered by South African carpenter Richard Van As, aims to print cheap, plastic customised prostheses for people who have lost fingers, or who were born with some digits missing or malformed. Some of his work – with the designs available online – is also on show at the Science Museum.
Angular components are designed with exactly that in mind. A component comes with HTML, JavaScript but also has it’s own styles that belong to it. All we need to do is to define the styles in our component, or at least declare, where to get those from. In fact, there are three ways to associate CSS styles to a component in Angular: Component inline styles, style urls and template inline styles. Let’s explore them one by one.
Unlike earlier surveys, the AAU survey included both a large number of campuses and a large sample size at each participating school, said Bonnie Fisher, a consultant for survey design firm Westat and professor at the University of Cincinnati.
You would think with this careful design spread across more than two dozen large research universities, the AAU survey results would differ notably from previous surveys that suffered from vague definitions, small samples and “selection bias,” meaning an overrepresentation of people with strong views on the subject in the survey pool – all of which contributed to implausibly high levels of reported assault.
Brett Sokolow of the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management, which advises schools how to design sexual-misconduct policies and proceedings, gave a thorough definition of incapacitation 10 years ago that could have been useful to AAU and Westat:
The main form of sensory integration therapy is a type of occupational therapy that places a child in a room specifically designed to stimulate and challenge all of the senses.[57]
This is a real problem for those of us who are interested in genuinely finding the truth in this sea of opinions. How do we inform ourselves completely when everywhere we look (whether by design or by accident) we only see more self-confirming bias? Perhaps more importantly, how do we reach everyone else who is trapped in their own bubble of self-confirmation, and don’t even realise it?
One point which is particularly worth noting about rbutr, which separates it from other apps designed to inform people about particular subjects, is that rbutr is neither subject specific, nor agenda driven. This is important, because the way that people are trapped within their own confirmation-bubble means that the people who most need to install an application like Skeptical Science’s climate change myth debunking tool, won’t even know it exists! However, if the tool is genuinely neutral and the subject matter presented by the tool is entirely up to the contributors, then hopefully it is just as likely to be used by creationists as it is to be used by evolutionists, by anti-vaccinationists as by vaccine supporters, and of course, by all people on all perspectives of the climate change debate. Because really, preaching to the converted is not much help to anyone…
Much like the other 3D Classic titles, Thunder Blade makes exquisite use out of the new 3D visuals and hardware. One of the most striking elements is its depth of view during altering perspectives, and the new 3D visuals do well to enhance the view and sense of movement during the action. Though the draw distances unfortunately haven't been improved, I was still quite impressed with how the visuals sharpened up. Interestingly enough, the transition to 3D meant having to design the new visuals around the new perspectives independently, and layering them on top of one another.
OleoApps, maker of BluFit, designed a one-of-a kind device to help consumers maintain a healthy lifestyle by monitoring and analyzing their daily intake of fluids. The smart water bottle features a sensor that automatically records the time and amount of water consumed. While there are many determining factors that play into each individual’s unique level of hydration, BluFit’s integrated app will provide users with a program customized to fit their needs.
Rare’s ambition for its upcoming online pirate game Sea of Thieves actually highlights why it’s so difficult to make a truly satisfying one. “Everyone’s got an idea of what pirates do,” design director Gregg Mayles told us at E3. “Everyone knows they go after treasure. You don’t need to be told how to sail a ship or climb to the crow’s nest and use a telescope.”
The first policeman to arrive on the scene noticed wires running from the van's dashboard through a hole into the back and reported that he had found the bomb. Forensic experts later estimated that the bomb weighed 1,500–1,600 kg (3,300–3,500 lb)[30] and was a mixture of semtex, a military-grade plastic explosive, and ammonium nitrate fertiliser, a cheap and easily obtainable explosive used extensively by the IRA.[32] Components of what may have been a tremble trigger were also found later, designed to detonate the bomb if it was tampered with.
The possibility of rebuilding parts of the city centre was raised within days of the bomb. On 26 June 1996, Michael Heseltine, the Deputy Prime Minister, announced an international competition for designs of the redevelopment of the bomb-affected area. Bids were received from 27 entrants, five of whom were invited to submit designs in a second round. It was announced on 5 November 1996 that the winning design was one by a consortium headed by EDAW.
On January 1, 1951 a Communist offensive drove UN forces out of the Kimpo area; K-14 was overrun and the 4th F-IW was withdrawn to Japan.[4] In March 1951, the first two Sabre squadrons, from the 4th F-IW, returned to Korea, just in time to meet a new build-up of Communist air strength designed to secure air superiority over northwest Korea, in a prelude to a major ground offensive.[4]
Daniels said each organization has the option to design its own house and can choose between a modern or contemporary style. The Greek village will be in a gated community and each house will start at 25,000 square feet.
America was designed around the idea that democracy could be constrained by rules on paper. If we cannot have the best leading us, we can plan for an average equal robot-citizen to take the role, and put enough rules in there to keep him from doing damage. Or could we? The history of America shows that this approach has failed.
“With Kangaroo Notebook, we put the power to create private, individualized computing experiences directly into the hands of our customers,” Ben Chu, head of Kangaroo sales, said in a statement. “The modular design of this new mobile computing bundle gives our customers a different level of flexibility and control over how they want to manage personal computing, particularly in the home.”
This cable is commonly connected using punch-down blocks and modular connectors. Most Category 5 cables are unshielded, relying on the balanced line twisted pair design and differential signaling for noise rejection.
Such missions would validate the Orion spacecraft's life-support systems for shorter durations, could demonstrate the high-speed re-entry capability needed for return to Earth from deep space, and could help scientists gauge astronauts’ radiation dose from cosmic rays and solar flares. Doing so would help verify that Orion provides sufficient radiation protection, as it is designed to do, researchers said.
On the whole, the design of the charger is better thought out than the old Nexus 4 wireless charger. That device had an angled face (which made it difficult to impossible to use with anything larger than a phone) and used the same not quite adhesive material to hold the slippery Nexus phone to the charger. As we've noted, this material picks up dust and other detritus easily, and the dirtier it is the worse it is at sticking to things. The Nexus 4 charger had the more distinctive design, but the new charger is definitely more functional.
As soon as the psi-fi in each suit had shut off completely, they’d had to remove their helmets. The ambient temperature inside the cave was warmer than out in the open—a balmy minus eighteen centigrade—and the heatsticks were beginning to take that up admirably, but in the meantime each marine had unplugged the padding lining of their helmets, the design allowing them to be worn as emergency headgear in just such conditions. Nearby, Anderson sat against the back wall, his helmet wedged between his knees as he worked on the electrical systems inside it with a pair of fine tools.Without a psi-fi network, the helmets couldn’t pair with the combat suit computers, rendering them useless. The suits still had power, that was no problem, but with the psi-fi off for so long, the computers in each had gone to sleep. Over the last two hours they’d tried reboots, switching suit power packs, everything. Nothing worked. Now Anderson was trying something else, seeing if he could boot his helmet separately into a developer mode that would allow him to investigate the glitch.
Grec nodded with a sigh, and shifted her position on the ground next to the lightspeed transmitter. The device was a rectangular panel, fifteen centimeters thick, with a handle along one side. The front was studded with big, bulky switches and knobs, designed to be easily operable by the armored gauntlets worn by a marine out on the field. The transmitter was most commonly used as a beacon, bringing in an airstrike, or marking a target for an orbital attack. Or, in emergencies, calling for rescue. The transmitter was more powerful than the comms units built into their combat suits, which were dead anyway.
She stumbled onwards, the First Sergeant—or whatever her real rank was—ahead, plowing a path through the snow that got steadily deeper and deeper the farther they got from the hillside, until just a few meters later it was up to their knees. The augmented strength of the combat suits—the powered joints and motivators by design unaffected by the armor’s offline computer—lessened the effort required to run through the snow, but not by much. If they still had their helmets, Grec thought, and the psi-fi link between their minds and the suits, then the armor would have responded to the task. As it was, they made difficult and slow progress.
But the actors can perhaps be forgiven, since they are continually pushed into scenes that seem designed to halt subtlety in its tracks. The most egregious of these — in which Tom drags Max to a sweaty nightclub in Harlem, pontificating on the spontaneous energies of jazz and boogieing with the working girls at the bar — adds a dash of racial condescension to the cocktail.
Multiple former colleagues described the former CIA liaison as a consummate professional with no history of infractions. But late one afternoon in mid-March, the retired marine was abruptly informed that his services were no longer needed and he ought not to come to work the next day. Co-workers were shocked at a display that seemed designed to humiliate him.
“There are obviously going to be issues if some of the more difficult to work with cryptocurrencies become popular. Monero is one that comes to mind, where its not very obvious what the transaction path is or what the actual value of the transaction is except to the end users,” Special Agent Battaglia said at the seminar. During 2016, the price of Monero soared from around $0.50 (USD) to over $12 (USD). Monero provides more privacy than Bitcoin, using the CryptoNote protocol which is based on one-time ring signatures and stealth addresses. Monero transactions cannot be traced, and is designed to prevent the identity of the sender and receiver of the cryptocurrency.
A Northrop Grumman-led team is dashing its plan to propose a modified BAE Systems Hawk trainer for the U.S. Air Force’s T-38 replacement program, opting instead for a clean-sheet design for the $1 billion program.
Northrop turned to Scaled Composites, renowned for its innovative designs and rapid fabrication cycle time, to build the prototype. The team is preparing to assemble the aircraft at Scaled’s facility in Mojave, California, with an eye toward first flight by year-end. Budget constraints are driving the Air Force and competitors to search for affordable options. Tom Vice, president of Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems, says this is partly achievable with speed in designing and manufacturing aircraft coupled with innovative designs that take life-cycle cost into account upfront.
The Northrop team’s decision to abandon the Hawk leaves a dim future for the program. BAE moved its Hawk work from Brough to Warton, England, in 2011 despite having few orders for the aircraft. Subsequently, however, it won a contract with the Royal Saudi Air Force for 22 aircraft and a deal with Oman for eight. The Hawk design evolved over time since its first flight in 1974. More than 1,000 Hawks have been built. BAE declined to comment about the future of the program.
Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James announced in January that T-X will be a pathfinder for her Bending the Cost Curve initiative, which is designed to allow for dialog with industry on requirements and cost trades with a goal of reducing weapon-system cycle time and cost. “When it comes to T-X, we are about two years away from a request for proposals stage, and this new process should allow us to directly engage industry as we develop an understanding of how to best evaluate our objective and our threshold requirements,” James said. Today’s procurement process is linear, with requirements developed by one unit and handed over to another for a development and buy. James hopes that by opening a dialog with industry early in the process, the service can tailor the requirements not only for operational needs but with a realistic budget in mind.
Lindsley and Anderson welcome this approach. Lindsley cautions, however, that the Air Force must provide industry enough time to adjust its designs accordingly when allowing for such trades, especially when the Pentagon is relying more heavily on contractor research and development funding for prototypes and risk reduction. He says thus far there has been a “very healthy dialog” on T-X with the Air Force; Northrop notified the service it was building its own prototype last year.
This model is a departure for the Pentagon. With three contractors offering company-funded, clean-sheet options for T-X, industry is clearly keen on it. But the Defense Department’s history in this area includes failures. Despite contractor-funded designs for an Army Armed Aerial Scout helicopter, the service ultimately ended a demonstration effort without selecting a design. Likewise, four bidders have heavily invested in risk reduction for a Navy Unmanned Carrier-Launched Airborne Surveillance and Strike aircraft, and it has been continually delayed, prompting Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin to halt or scale back their work substantially.
Project Euler is a collection of interesting computational problems intended to be solved with computer programs. Most of the problems challenge your skills in algorithm design rather than your knowledge of mathematics.
The imperial standard yard of 1855 was found to be unstable and shortening by measurable amounts (Barbrow & Judson 1976, 16). Also, the mint pound was found to be “likewise unfit for use.” For several years before the Mendenhall order was actually issued, the Office of Weights and Measures was “practically forced” to use the metric standards because of their superior stability, and because they were better designed for carrying out precision comparisons. The Office found that the conversion tables in the 1866 law were satisfactory and used them to derive customary length and mass from the metric standards. The conversions were 1 yard = ​3600⁄ 3937 meter and 1 pound = 0.4535924277 kilogram. The Mendenhall order amounted to a formal announcement of a change that had already occurred (Mendenhall 1922).
The new car, codenamed the AM-RB 001, is being built as part of a new collaboration between Red Bull and Aston Martin, with under 100 examples expected to reach production in late 2018. Newey has been given a clean slate to design the car and is incorporating ground-effects and a mid-engined layout to create unprecedented levels of performance in a road car.
Friday will see Pozzato reconnoitre most of the cobbled sectors, starting from sector 19 [of 27 - ed] between Haveluy à Wallers and riding all the way to section 4 at Le Carrefour de l'Arbre. The Italian team will be riding a new Rida frame from bike sponsor Merida, which has been specifically designed for tough, cobbled races like Paris-Roubaix.
The latest beta of Persevere features a new native object storage engine called JavaScriptDB that provides high-end scalability and performance. Persevere now outperforms the common PHP and MySQL combination for accessing data via HTTP by about 40% and outperforms CouchDB by 249%. The new storage engine is designed and optimized specifically for persisting JavaScript and JSON data with dynamic object structures. It is also built for extreme scalability, with support for up to 9,000 petabytes of JSON/JS data in addition to any binary data.
In 1962 Corning developed Chemcor, a new toughened automobile windshield designed to be thinner and lighter than existing windshields, which reduced danger of personal injury by shattering into small granules when smashed.[14] This toughened glass had a chemically hardened outer layer, and its manufacture incorporated an ion exchange and a "fusion process" in special furnaces that Corning built in its Blacksburg, Virginia facility.[13][15] Corning developed it as an alternative to laminated windshields with the intention of becoming an automotive industry supplier.[13] After being installed as side glass in a limited run of 1968 Plymouth Barracudas and Dodge Darts, Chemcor windshields debuted on the 1970 model year Javelins and AMXs built by American Motors Corporation (AMC).[15] As there were no mandatory safety standards for motor vehicle windshields, the larger automakers had no financial incentive to change from the cheaper existing products.[13][15] Corning terminated its windshield project in 1971, after it turned out to be one of the company's "biggest and most expensive failures."[15] However, like many Corning innovations, the unique process to manufacture this automotive glass was resurrected and is today the basis of their very profitable LCD glass business.
THE BEN ROSE HOME-site of the famous movie “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off”, cantilevered over the ravine, these two steel and glass buildings, which can never be duplicated, have incredible vistas of the surrounding woods. This is a unique property designed by A. James Speyer and David Haid, both notable architects of the 20th Century. Estate Sale Sold “As Is” No disclosures! This is an amazing architectural treasure.
Sarkeesian introduced the second trope — “Lingerie Is Not Armor,” — by showing a trailer for the 2000 game “Perfect Dark,” which depicted its female spy protagonist taking a shower, putting on makeup, and deciding on an outfit. Sarkeesian argued that game designers often think only about titillating a straight male audience when designing outfits for female characters, and jokingly suggested a solution to the problem by changing the slide to several pictures of sports bras. “They’re designed to prevent jiggle physics,” she added.
Viv finds the location of one of the camps, which it turns out Amadeus helped design as a place where they could put Banner and keep him from changing into The Hulk.
The new Huawei P10 picks up where its predecessor left off the year before. It’s an improvement over the Huawei P9 in nearly every facet, including camera, design and display protection. But when it comes to battery performance, how far off are the two P series siblings?
When they had India at 328 for 6, with Pat Cummins defying pretty much everything to storm through the crease, it did seem like it might be enough. Australia had tried all the tricks they had. Bowling dry with interesting fields designed to stop batsmen scoring efficiently, short quick spells of reverse from Hazlewood, and short quick cutters from Cummins.
Glinert isn't interested in a classic incubator model, which he said were designed for businesspeople who want to create businesses. Instead, he wants to incubate games and the people who make them. He wants to create an environment where it's safe and sustainable to make games.
The method used to derive the biases and skew is designed for 3 rather than 5 party politics. Anyone who can come up with a method for the n-party case gets themselves a published paper.
Traffic planners have concept designs finalized for a “turbo roundabout,” a new design first used in The Netherlands that forces drivers in the outside lane to exit at the first or second opportunity rather than endlessly circling, changing lanes and causing fender-benders.
Edmonton was the traffic circle capital of Canada in the 1950s, then moved away from the design and even removed several near the University of Alberta.
“We know a crash will happen despite all of our best efforts,” said Australian Bruce Corben, a consultant making a presentation to the conference Wednesday. “Humans do make intentional and unintentional mistakes. How do we design an intersection so that any crash has a very low chance of a severe outcome?”
The commercial version of Stratobus will measure 100 meters in length, as long as an Airbus A380, and 33 meters in diameter at its widest point. Its four electric-powered engines are designed to keep the platform steady at 20 kilometers in altitude in headwinds of up to 90 kilometers per hour. Air density at that altitude is less than half what it is on the ground.
The space industry last viewed solar concentrators on the first models of Boeing’s large 702 telecommunications satellite platform. A design flaw caused the concentrators to damage the solar panels and resulted in reduced power, causing large insurance claims for the first batch of satellites. Boeing subsequently dropped the concentrator design, although in the years since then the damage to the satellites in terms of reduced operational life turned out to be less than originally feared.
Chessel said the current budget is enough to carry the project’s development for two years. A critical design review is planned for 2018, after which a full-size test model could be flown in 2020. Thales Alenia Space has begun the process of Stratobus flight certification with the European Aviation Safety Agency. A new certification category is needed because HAPS platforms like Stratobus fall somewhere in between the existing regulations for balloons and drones.
Because these cloud browsers are designed to perform complex functions, the researchers wanted to see if they could be used to perform a series of large-scale computations that had nothing to do with browsing. Specifically, the researchers wanted to determine if they could perform those functions using the “MapReduce” technique developed by Google, which facilitates coordinated computation involving parallel efforts by multiple machines.
Unlike consumer software, Reporting is something that enterprise software always needs, so a month ago our team did a benchmark analysis to choose the best PDF generator library or third-party tool. As Clojure runs on the JVM and has smooth Java interop we considered tools like JasperReports to create reports with drag-and-drop functionality but we weren’t convinced: the design tool is user-friendly in the sense of having the option to create PDF sections visually, but then we realized that we had complex requirements, making it more difficult to achieve the results using JasperReports without losing ability to have dynamic data structures.
Qualcomm says its stock compensation program is designed to retain not only executives but also lower level employees. On average, Qualcomm’s top five officers received 6 percent of compensation shares awarded over the past five years. The remainder went to employees outside of the executive suite.
If you've ever hauled one of the bulky monitors that were universal before the advent of flat panel displays, you'll know that they are remarkably heavy. That's because, behind the screen, there's a big funnel of heavy leaded glass designed to be sturdy and to protect consumers from radiation leakage. The glass is recyclable, and for awhile, U.S. recyclers were able to ship it off for reuse in other countries.
"Of course the ultimate solution is to design products with end-of-life in mind," he says.
Avoidance of hassle can be a key motive for the polite lie. A Dutch friend, newly arrived in Chengdu, asked me to help him find a tailor who could execute some fashions designs that he had. His ideas were pretty straightforward, and he was frustrated that every tailor he visited had told him, “We can’t do that” – it should have been a snap
With the release of the Defense Build Update, players have been creating labyrinths and going up against some very well designed ones. Since the release on April 29 through to the end of the day on May 2, there were 600 raids. The boss won 50.2% of the time and lost 49.8% if the time. Pretty much 50/50!
Scientists and engineers have been working on perfecting such algorithms for more than a decade. And in 2006, when researchers at Cornell built a robot that could teach itself how to limp, one scientist said the behavior was a form of consciousness. "Whether humans or animals are conscious in a similar way—do we also think in terms of a self-image, and rehearse actions in our head before trying them out—is still an open question," researcher Josh Bongard told the university’s news service at the time. Elsewhere, researchers have designed robots with squishy, self-healing muscles, robotic cubes that can apparently clone themselves, tiny robots that can assemble themselves in the first place, and giant robots that can hurl cinder blocks. The fields of robotics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence are making gains so rapidly it can be hard to keep track.
The work that culminated in Wednesday’s Nature paper began in 2011. The intelligent algorithm at the center of the research turned out to be astonishing even to the people who designed it.
The project, dubbed The project, dubbed Taler (for Taxable Anonymous Libre Electronic Reserve), is designed “for the mainstream economy, and not the black market,” its website explains.
Al Qaeda is everywhere, from Belgium to Australia! That invisible Al Qaeda is a logo designed to justify to the public opinion military operations. If United States say to their citizens and soldiers: “We are going to send our troops into the Indian Ocean in order to probably fight against China”, people would be afraid of course. But if you tell them that it is just about fighting piracy and Al Qaeda, it won’t be a problem. The real goal is however different. It consists in setting forces in the Indian Ocean region that will be the theater of major conflicts in the coming years. This is what we will analyze in the next chapter…
Instead, he realized it could be done 40 times faster on a type of processor known as a GPU, which is a graphics cards designed for gaming devices such as Playstations and Xboxes.
Researchers noted that matching the F-16's manoeuvrability was a minimum design requirement, yet they conclude the older jet is capable of going faster and enjoys better wing-loading performance, another aspect that's critical for speed.
Whatever way you look at it, using violence to coerce is terrorism. Not only is it commonplace, it the design of our society’s institutions — from the more obvious government and military institutions to the less obvious nuclear energy industry, which feeds materials to nuclear weapons programs, and the media, which portrays the acts of war in perfect alignment with government rhetoric. Yes, the machinery of war is so commonplace in the United States that we can’t even see the problem let alone then begin to define it!
The truth is that we live in a world of States that prepare for war, and are at war. We invest trillions in building mechanisms that can destroy our planet, but neglect to build systems that can benefit our planet and benefit us all. We do not design systems that facilitate peace, but which hinder each other in war. We know and accept war, and lies, but we do not know how to help each other. We have to change our mind state. If we are to survive, our systems of war and destruction must be morphed into systems of support and creation, and our culture must morph right along with it. We have to uplift each other.
One can speculate that, like distrust in Congress, this lack of faith appears across the political spectrum. From the left, banks are criticized for engaging in risky conduct that helped to bring about the Great Recession. Similarly, many on the populist right vilify government intervention designed to prop up poorly managed financial institutions as threatening capitalism itself. In many ways, this lack of faith is not surprising. Media reports routinely provide the general public with reminders of bank misconduct, whether in the illegal origination of loans, the shoddy packaging of mortgage-backed securities, excessive and ill-advised risk taking or the faulty prosecution of foreclosures. These revelations have had a profound impact on the general public's faith in financial institutions. Making matters worse, law enforcement's most recent attempt at uncovering and prosecuting bank misconduct in the lead up to and fallout from the financial crisis has gotten moving in only fits and starts. These forces -- public disenchantment with the banks, coupled with weak law enforcement -- are a toxic mix. They will fail to prevent future misconduct; what's worse, they may, in fact, encourage it.
Since early January, the party’s Feb. 21 message says, the Ahmadinejad regime “has embarked upon a new wave of repressive measures designed to suffocate the opposition forces demanding a return to the ideals of the 1979 revolution in Iran: democracy, human rights and social justice.”
Initially, the site was undeveloped and covered with native grass and trees. The development increased the impervious area of the site, requiring the engineers to design a storm water management system to mitigate the impact of the increased runoff volume and the higher rate of flow. The limited area available for the Walmart development did not allow for an above-ground storm water management system; the engineers needed an underground solution.
A construction crew excavated a 12-ft-deep area below the planned parking lot and set the 10-ft detention system on a compacted aggregate base. To ensure that the system was watertight, an impermeable liner and geotextile fabric were wrapped around it. The detention system is designed to store more than 50,000 cu ft of storm water runoff. The runoff from the parking areas flows through the onsite storm sewer conveyance system and is treated by storm water quality devices prior to entering the detention system.
The stage-storage sizing of the underground detention system was designed for the SCS Type II, 24-hour storm interval for various storm events. Unit hydrographs and computed flood hydrographs for the existing and proposed conditions were developed using the Natural Resources Conservation Service hydrograph method. The outlet structure of the detention system was sized to regulate the release to the downstream storm water conveyance system at levels lower than historical flow rates.
SMC Consulting Engineers performed testing on the rainwater harvesting system prior to commissioning it. A sequence of operations was developed to simulate various phases of the harvesting system and evaluate its response mechanism to different scenarios. Similar testing was done for the storm water detention system. Both systems functioned per intended design and were commissioned once they met the set operational benchmarks.
The key to the new design is a very thin layer of one of these materials: an alloy containing germanium, antimony and tellurium (Ge2Sb2Te5, or "GST" for short).
The design could also offer big energy savings, because the pixels would simply stay put until they need to be changed.
*This recipe is designed for traditional waffle irons, not Belgian waffle irons.
StatsD was designed to sit between your app and graphite, and do some aggregation of the metrics before passing it on to graphite. What’s that, you ask? Basically, StatsD hangs on to the metrics you send it, and at periodic intervals (called the “flush interval”, typically 1 minute), calculates additional information and then pushes it into graphite. Here are some things that it can calculate:
Proper rate design — crafting fees to reflect the true costs and benefits of individual solar power generation — is key to fairness, Borenstein said.
One cool part of the 1.34 platform update is the "Support" multiplayer mode. This mode was designed to focus on aerial logistics, rather than combat (although the sessions are not exactly peaceful!). You and your friends are helicopter pilots whose main responsibility is to capture sectors by transporting infantry NPCs to them. Extra support options are Sling Loading supplies and performing casevacs. The mode does a great job of showing the many improvements that Helicopters DLC allowed us to make. We decided however, not to lock this mode to owners of the DLC. Everyone can play it and non-premium helicopters are available besides the Huron and Taru. The design Task Force consisting of Jirí Wainar, Nelson Duarte and Václav Oliva is looking forward to your feedback in this forums thread. A good way of trying the mode is to connect to one of our official servers. We're also hoping to livestream the mode this Friday!
But Now German Researchers have published a paper on how malware can be designed to cross the air gap by transmitting information through speakers and recording it via microphone.
[34] patented device designed to prevent masturbation by inflicting electric shocks upon the perpetrator, by ringing an alarm bell, and through spikes at the inner edge of the tube into which the penis is inserted. Circumcision was recommended to prevent masturbation.
It is spread only by humans and by water flows distributing the bubils – an easy factor to contain with good design
And while we have brought Obsidian into the mix, I think it is important to note that this is my baby, and I will be producing it and managing the programming here at inXile. There seemed to be some confusion on whether it will be a joint production, but the main facets of our involvement are with the use of their tools for asset integration and the design talents of Chris Avellone. Part of the charm and variety of Wasteland 1 came from the way different designers would approach their areas, and I wanted the same dynamic again. Only this time we have added the brains of Chris into the mix, and I am betting he will add ideas to Wasteland 2 that would have never been in the game otherwise.
We believe that clothing is the perfect medium and opportunity for sending a message inside to ourselves. We will keep fashion designs with plenty of style but simply add a reverse image of a message. A message that touches you in a meaningful way every time you look in the mirror or take a selfie. Whether that message is Positive Reinforcement, A Personal Reminder, Internal Fire, etc. Whatever the case may be, you decide what kind of message works best for the betterment of yourself.
And when the time came to design the winery’s first label, Robert again turned to people he had worked with at Krug: a well-known local printer named James E. Beard and a graphic designer named Mallette Dean. Dean had done beautiful work over the years for Krug, including a delicate woodcut of a farmer tending grapevines that had graced the masthead of the Krug newsletter “Bottles & Bins.”
Sidney again consulted Day on the prospective engagement. Day did not approve, claiming the age difference was too great, although Bicknell was only two years older than Day. Bicknell decided to tell Sidney the truth about the experiment, that she was hand-picked to be Day's wife from childhood, and that all of Day's actions were designed to further his goal of turning her into the ideal bride. Horrified, Sidney wrote to Day to confront him over Bicknell's statements. Day admitted the truth but refused to apologise. After a series of letters, Day gave his consent to the marriage, telling her that the letter would be his final communication with her.
Gathering information about your competitors’ strengths and weaknesses on social is critical. Not sure where to start? Read our quick guide, and then use this competitive analysis template to design a social marketing strategy that will leave your competitors in the dust.
It’s easy for marketers to get obsessed with the number of followers we collect on Twitter. But without engagement, your follower number is just that—a number. From the start, Twitter has been designed to help people connect and engage on a personal level. Use that strength to your advantage and engage daily with your audience.
Toontown Online was specifically designed to encourage players to be social and varied in their activities. They had to farm jellybeans from minigames to purchase gags for combat, and to play those minigames and progress in fights, they needed friends.
I told every label that I had a sound that was gonna change the game. Put me in the studio with any artist that they want and we can take over the game. I’m just trying to stay consistent. I’m working on my own album. “23” is about to go platinum, and it got over 100 million views on VEVO. I been working on different designs for clothes and shit. People already loving the “23” hoodies. Jordan Brand even reached out to me to say they liked the shit. Michael Jordan reached out to me to say he liked the “23” song.
I feel like we've allowed post-9/11 inertia to drive us to the point where we are now. Let's reverse that. Let's think about that deliberately. Let's design a system that can scale to meet that threat. Focus our military and intelligence agencies outward.
Now freely pick any double-album from the You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore series. Just sit back and cruise. You will recognize several songs and pieces by now, but in different form. That's because, like The Grateful Dead, Zappa and his orchestra never quite played the same piece the same way twice. You'll also notice about this point that he liked to design modular pieces. One song might serve as another song's ending over here, and be its own stand-alone piece over there. And still other instrumental bits are all-purpose transitions between any two songs. Don't break your brain trying to separate each piece. Even advanced Zappa scholars can't keep up with every wily trick.
But that leads to the part I am the least happy with: we signed up for future work in the Kickstarter, and some of that is still outstanding. At least its down to one piece, a supplement titled Inglorious, but that’s still something that bothers me. Part of the problem is how my life has shifted in those five years: a new job that I find far more engaging, buying a house, the birth of our kid. My portions of Dungeon World were often written in free time during the day while at the office, but time like that has dried up. But the larger issue may be that my approach to game design is so much tinkering. I have found occasional time to work on a few projects, but have to remind myself the importance of finishing things that were promised ahead of things that have my attention.
Ultimately this is a failure I can live with. We will deliver Inglorious, it’ll be good, and then I’ll let my design time wander. Delivering on the Half Life 3 timescale is not ideal, but it was a stretch goal among many we already delivered. Bottom line: don’t promise future work in a Kickstarter. If I ever go back to KS I won’t be offering any stretch goals that I haven’t already done my part of.
Hopes&Fears asked me to test my aesthetic quandry with a blind taste test at their offices in Brooklyn. The series of pitches I arranged for this two-set sonic demonstration/sound bath was designed to reveal the audible differences between long tones relative to 440hz and 432hz. My second objective was to reveal the physical and emotional effects of the different pitches, which could possibly give us our own answers about this debated subject of 440 versus 432. That said, an audience survey for each piece was needed and I would refrain from telling them which piece was which until after the experiment. Mike Sheffield of Hopes&Fears and I wrote up a questionnaire that would help us document potential emotional and physical reactions for each set. We asked attendees what they ate before coming, what colors they saw during the show, and other experiences (like shapes and moods) they each felt during the pieces. We focused primarily, however, on the following 11 emotions and asked audience members to document which ones, if any, they experienced during 432 and 440. The emotions were as follows:
In order to get an accurate set of responses, I played the same piece “Rethinking Concert Pitch” exactly the same, twice, the first one in 432 and the second in 440, each for 30 minutes. The notes and hertz ranges I chose to present for this demonstration were determined by my own emotional and physical reactions during the research and design phase. I used an app on my Iphone called Signal Generator to find my ranges. It allowed me to quickly scroll through all the semitones around 432 and 440.
The creator of the famous footwear, 25-year-old Japanese designer Norita Tatehana, was kind enough to send us a pair of his gravity-defying designs — in sparkly pink stingray
Saville’s attorney, Ulises Ferragut, prevailed on all three, even though he began the case by telling the jury that his client, in fact, did everything the prosecution was claiming: He designed a bomb, he bought all the parts for a bomb, he built the bomb, and he went to the parking lot where the sheriff’s car was parked. “But wait until you hear why he did all those things,” Ferragut told the jury.
While at UC Berkeley, Campbell worked for Autodesk, where he wrote instructables. In addition, he worked as a mechanical design engineer at Xerox, consulted for Adobe and helped invent hydrosense technology at the University of Washington.
In short, by turning what was supposed to be an intermediate agreement (Oslo was set to expire in 1999) into a permanent situation, Israel was able to secure at least another two decades of Jewish colonization in the West Bank – a period which might have been just long enough to prevent for good the creation of a Palestinian state. I don’t share the view – now common in some leftist circles – that Oslo was intentionally designed to lead to the current state of apartheid, but looking back, one cannot imagine reaching the impasse we are now in without the diplomatic coverage and the legal infrastructure Israel established with the Oslo process.
“We don’t need to be concerned about drastic climate change,” Ham wrote on his blog. “Our climate, and the checks and balances that keep it operating within safe parameters, were designed by an all-wise Creator.”
The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s commuter rail provider plans to install fare gates at North, South, and Back Bay stations next winter, a proposal designed to cut down on ticket evasion.
“We believe that now is the time to commission a new Royal Yacht Britannia as a new symbol of global Britain, designed and built domestically to showcase the best of UK shipbuilding and industry, and as a platform for promoting trade.”
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
This QRF is team focused, highly organized, and comprised of highly motivated individuals. These individuals tirelessly train towards specialized warfare yielding loadouts designed specifically to counter enemies and their movements. In a QRF, each individual is given a unique assignment and responsibility that ensures the success of their squad/platoon/outfit goals.
Kevin: It’s become a great synergy with LEGO now, where they’ll create toys that inspire us, and we’ll put them in the show, or we’ll have ideas and they’ll design a toy off the scripts.
In some areas of Italy it is tradition to give money instead of presents to the bride and groom. The money is not given to them personally but displayed in a rainbow design on their bed as a wish of prosperity.
Harpa concert hall was impressive and more modern than its Reykjavik counterparts. The geometric glass design stood out from the simple, colorful houses of Reykjavik. We loved the natural sunlight that filled the building. With plenty of seating, we were able to rest after a long walk through the city.
"The $100 million case was designed to bankrupt the villages," Saracino said. "I'm glad it's history."
The Gates Foundation warns that none of these efforts constitutes a "silver bullet" that would solve the world's sanitation problems and says new toilet designs must be pursued in tandem with better wastewater treatment and sanitation systems.
Yes, 100%. LMDE is compatible with repositories designed for Debian Testing.
Though Litographs exceeded its goal by a huge amount, Danny says that kind of success has pros and cons. While the increased order numbers decreased the costs of t-shirts and other materials bought in bulk, the unanticipated number of rewards Danny had to turn out for the holidays added a lot of stress and pressure. “Don’t overestimate the complexity of having 300,000 customers breathing down your necks – especially during the holidays,” Danny says. If your page is wildly successful, be prepared for the follow-through it will require. Because Kickstarter does not design itself as a retail store, Danny had to come up with his own system for following up with orders in order to follow through with every contributor’s request. “Double however long you think it will take,” Danny says, and only add stretch goals if you previously planned on it. If the campaign is already proving successful, don’t over complicate it – it only creates more work and complexity.
The Family and Alternative Lifestyles It is true that not everyone has the opportunity to marry in this life, nor is every couple blessed with children in mortality. Latter-day prophets have assured us that those who are faithful will eventually be given these blessings, either in this life or the next.9 Nevertheless, just because not everyone achieves the ideal does not mean we should stop holding it up as the standard to seek. Eternal marriage and family relationships should be a desire and priority for every Latter-day Saint, regardless of circumstances. As has always been the case, Satan proposes alternatives to our Heavenly Father’s plan, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the family. In contrast to our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness through righteousness in marriage and family life, Satan proposes alternative lifestyles that are rooted in sinfulness and selfishness. He is cursed to never marry or have a family, and he entices us to live like him instead of like our Heavenly Father. He lies to us, telling us that marriage and family are an inconvenience and a bondage. He promises us that we will find greater joy and fulfillment in some other way or through some other arrangement. He tempts us not to marry and, if we do marry, to not have children. The deviations the adversary proposes include premarital sexual relations, pornography, abuse of spouse and children, elective abortion for personal or social convenience, marital infidelity, unjustified divorce, cohabitation, homosexual relations, and unwarranted sterilization.10 If he cannot convince us to do these things, he tempts us to support and encourage others to do them. But these alternative lifestyles will not bring the true happiness we seek in this life, nor will they bring the full blessings of salvation in the next. Out of loyalty to our Heavenly Father’s plan and out of love for mankind, we must discourage and oppose measures that are not designed to maintain and strengthen marriage between a man and a woman and “the family as the fundamental unit of society.”11
Saudi Arabia harbored its own designs for Middle East leadership and reacted by intensifying the spread its ultra-conservative Islamic ideology, Wahhabism. The Saudis funded mosques, trained preachers and supported insurgent and terrorist groups in places as far afield as Palestine and the North Caucasus.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
Morimoto: Phantasy Star came into being when, during the Master System era, Sega decided that it also needed to create an RPG. So they started soliciting game design ideas from us, and Chieko Aoki had this story idea she’d been mulling over for awhile. We used that and worked it into what became the original story draft for Phantasy Star. Even at that early stage, almost all the dialogue was already written–that was how much Chieko loved Phantasy Star.
Kodama: Regarding the 3D, we would get an image of the dungeon in our head and draw them out on paper, but there were little details that bugged us and it wasn’t getting across to the programmers as we had envisioned it. Yuji Naka learned of this and, on his own, made a wireframe 3D imaging program expressly for us. That program was also the start of Shibata learning to draw 3D graphics. That was what was amazing about Yuji: he would never just say “that can’t be done” to a planning or design idea. He thought about our wishes seriously and would always figure out some ingenuous way to make our ideas possible. He was very considerate of the designer’s vision, in other words.
For now, the appeal of the device is somewhat constrained by its Chrome limitation. It’s kind of reminiscent of Vaulteq, another physical password manager that’s trying to eradicate the password problem with a mini server that connects to your home router. Mooltipass on the other hand is designed for portability, which is a big plus.
(6) calls on the United States Government to fully implement section 616 of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 by using its voice and vote to encourage development organizations and agencies to design and implement development projects that fully comply with the Tibet Project Principles;
Everyone benefits from a growing industry and everyone is harmed by a shrinking industry. Yet, we spend precious little time and capital on growing our industry. Truth be known, most of the time spent on the big aggregate things are more designed to preserve what we have or to stop the decline rather than truly grow it.
As an outcome from the continuous hybrid renewable energy research, an innovative outdoor lighting system powered by a shroud-augmented wind turbine and a solar panel was installed in the KL campus of University of Malaya (UM). This hybrid green energy system is a compact design that harmoniously integrates a vertical-axis-wind-turbine (VAWT) with the novel omni-direction-guide-vane (ODGV), solar panel and LED lighting system. Consisting of several guide vanes, the ODGV is carefully designed and placed to surround the VAWT for wind power augmentation where the oncoming wind is guided through the ODGV. This will create a venturi effect that increases the wind speed before the wind-stream interacts with the turbine blades. Furthermore, the unique design of the ODGV that shrouds the wind turbine rotor provides a safer and more secure environment for maintenance workers and the public.
The team led by Dr. Chong Wen Tong was awarded a Pre-commercialized Prototype Fund to develop and install the product at suitable locations in the campus. The fund was provided by UM via UM Center of Innovation and Commercialization (UMCIC). The first unit was installed next to the outdoor gymnasium, opposite 1st Residential College. This unit will serve as the first full-scale trial and as a showcase unit of the product. Improvements on the design and features will be included in the next units. For the commercialization of this product, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between UM and a private company, Master Shanghai Turnparts Sdn. Bhd. (MSTSB). MSTSB has provided great assistance in enhancing the product. The second unit of the product is currently in the final stages of fabrication and testing.
As proof of its seriousness, YouTube has already hired over 50 streaming-savvy engineers, the report said, and it hinted to "promotions and partnerships" designed to encourage more e-sports viewing on the main YouTube site. The Daily Dot predicted a YouTube Live reveal timed around this June's Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. When asked about the report, a YouTube representative declined to comment to Ars and instead sent us an animated GIF of a little girl shrugging her shoulders. (No, seriously. This one.)
First invented in 1968, cubicles are a standard feature in offices everywhere. They were designed as an alternative to the wide-open office and meant to offer employees some semblance of privacy. They also give employers an easy, inexpensive way to maximize limited office space. But cubicles can be a raw deal for cube-dwellers, like my friend Whitney.
Taking the bars out of the shops and into Japan's eateries has also been another strategy. Tie-ins have gone beyond straightforward desserts like cheesecake, resulting in curiosities like KitKat pizzas and "baking bars," designed to be cooked before eating.
Social software design is also helping accelerate this trend. Look no further than the Facebook Causes Birthday application that encourages an individual who is a member of a Cause to use their birthday as an excuse to raise money for a non-profit organization. DonorsChoose recently launched a similar feature called “Birthday Give Back," with Stephen Colbert leading the charge. And keep an eye out for more social apps with a conscience that will offer even more creative ways for supporters to self-organize and take action around causes.
The New York Times' Howard Beck, on his way from Los Angeles to Oklahoma City to cover Monday's Game 5 between the Lakers and Thunder, uncovered this rather shady T-shirt design on Sunday. The Thunder aren't exactly giving these rags out at the door, but that didn't stop our initial post on the T-shirts on Monday morning from inspiring a world of outrage on Twitter, and apparent death threats sent the way of Warpaint Clothing, the company that humorlessly put the duds together -- utilizing the former Seattle SuperSonics logo along the way. Rightfully, just one Thunder fan deciding to purchase this and pull it over their head is enough for us to break out the Patented BDL Tsk-Tsk Geiger Counter -- and as a result Warpaint has decided to stop selling the shirts because of death threats sent its way in reaction.
The patent alludes to a reference design (subject to change) that may include transparent or partially transparent displays that sit in front of a user's eyes in the form of traditional glasses. The patent filing includes a range of potential device scenarios, including the use of Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED) displays, eye scanning, microphones, and gyroscopic and accelerometer sensors to determine user head and body positioning when worn.
MOE was designed to optimally solve problems like this, when we want to find an optimal set of parameters (inputs) of a function (a metric, like CTR) when sampling this function is time consuming or expensive (like running an A/B test experiment on live traffic). By leveraging MOE we can build a general experiments platform that automatically promotes good cohorts and pushes traffic away from under-performing cohorts, then replacing them with new, winning configurations.
The discoverers of the allotrope named the newfound molecule after Buckminster Fuller, who designed many geodesic dome structures that look similar to C 60 . This is slightly misleading, however, as Fuller's geodesic domes are constructed from triangles and not hexagons or pentagons. A common, shortened name for buckminsterfullerene is "buckyballs".[8]
A fixed-gear bicycle (or fixed-wheel bicycle,[citation needed] commonly known in some places as a fixie[1]) is a bicycle that has a drivetrain with no freewheel mechanism. The freewheel was developed early in the history of bicycle design but the fixed-gear bicycle remained the standard track racing design. More recently the "fixie" has become a popular alternative among mainly urban cyclists, offering the advantage of simplicity compared with the standard multi-geared bicycle.
In urban North America and similar areas in other Western cities, fixed-gear bicycles have achieved significant popularity, with the rise of discernible regional aesthetic preferences for finish and design details.[17]
United States – The use of any bike without brakes on public roads is illegal in many places, but the wording is often similar to "...must be equipped with a brake that will enable the person operating the cycle to make the braked wheels skid on dry, level and clean pavement..."[53] which some have argued allows the use of the legs and gears.[54] The retail sale of bikes without brakes is banned by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission[55] – but with an exception for the "track bicycle" (...a bicycle designed and intended for sale as a competitive machine having tubular tires, single crank-to-wheel ratio, and no free-wheeling feature between the rear wheel and the crank...).[56]
Many companies sell bicycle frames designed specifically for use with fixed-gear hubs. A fixed-gear or track-bike hub includes special threads for a lockring that tightens in the opposite (counter-clockwise) direction compared with the sprocket. This ensures that the sprocket cannot unscrew when the rider "backpedals" while braking.[57]
For a variety of reasons, many cyclists choose to convert freewheel bicycles to fixed gear. Frames with horizontal dropouts are straightforward to convert, frames with vertical dropouts less so.[58] One method is to simply replace the rear wheel with a wheel that has a track/fixed hub. Another is to use a hub designed for use with a threaded multi-speed freewheel. Such a hub only has the normal right-handed threads for the sprocket and not the reverse threads for the lockrings used on track/fixed hubs. The sprocket on a hub without a lockring may unscrew while back pedalling. Even if a bottom bracket lockring is threaded onto the hub, along with a track sprocket, because the bottom-bracket lockring is not reverse threaded, the possibility still exists that both the sprocket and locknut can unscrew. Therefore, it is recommended to have both front and rear brakes on a fixed-gear bicycle using a converted freewheel hub in case the sprocket unscrews while backpedaling. It is also advisable to use a thread sealer for the sprocket and bottom bracket locking. The rotafix (or "frame whipping") method may be helpful to securely install the sprocket.
Additional adjustments or modification may be needed to ensure a good chainline. The chain should run straight from the chainring to the sprocket, therefore both must be the same distance away from the bicycle's centerline. Matched groupsets of track components are normally designed to give a chainline of 42 mm, but conversions using road or mountain bike cranksets often use more chainline. Some hubs, such as White Industries' ENO, or the British Goldtec track hub, are better suited to this task as they have a chainline greater than standard. Failure to achieve good chainline, at best, leads to a noisy chain and increased wear, and at worst can throw the chain off the sprocket. This can result in rear wheel lockup and a wrecked frame if the chain falls between the rear sprocket and the spokes. Chainline can be adjusted in a number of ways, which may be used in combination with each other:
Respacing and redishing the rear wheel, where permitted by the hub design
In 2007, a few activists started assembling and riding fixed gear bikes in Moscow.[68] There had been people riding fixed gear bikes on the street in Moscow prior that time, but it had never developed into any feasible subculture.[vague] Appearances of the design in foreign media began increasing around that time, attracting more people to the concept.
The Ubuntu Touch platform is very close to the release, and very few people have actually realized what kind of potential it holds. It's open source, it has quite a few apps in the store, it's completely Linux based, and it's designed by a dedicated team. It has the possibility of becoming a real success and it's well under way towards that goal.
It captured the imagination, and even if nothing really came out of it, the same kind of thinking went into the design of the phone and into the idea of convergence.
DTRAC is designed to relieve "SITTING PAIN". When we sit on a chair or couch, we naturally hunch and slouch. Your hips and back suffer. DTRAC helps relieve tension and stress on your back!
Logistically, it is obvious Israel does not exist without Western support, and therefore does not act without Western approval. The illusion of its unilateral aggression is designed specifically to lend the West plausible deniability for brutality and unprovoked aggression it believes it cannot afford to be associated with directly. This is stated across years of US policy papers, including the most definitive report on the subject, Brooking Institution’s 2009 report “Which Path to Persia?”
Australian discrimination law – which includes the 1992 Disability Discrimination Act (DDA) and the 2005 Disability Standards for Education – is designed to ensure that children can’t be denied enrolment in any public or private school on the basis of their disability.
These are all formal processes, advertised on websites and school prospectuses. But there are many more informal practices designed to present barriers to the enrolment of particular students.
This is what the Gonski disability funding, which was meant to begin in 2016 but has recently been delayed again, was designed to achieve.
The first things you notice, immediately, is that this Oculus Rift is a lot lighter. The team said it has improved the design so the headset no longer feels bulky. The first version was hardly something you could see yourself wearing for an extended period of time, and while this is still bulky, it's less so.
These experiences were short and to the point, each designed to let you feel something brief and wondrous before snapping you to the next. There were no frame-rate issues, no pixelated display and no latency issues if you turned your head too quickly. It was a forward-looking vision on how powerful virtual reality really can be.
Although dark, the first teaser suggests the CLS takes Mercedes' design language into a sharper, sportier direction. The front end wears angular headlights that are better proportioned than the ones on the outgoing car and a wide, GT-like grille. We'll have to be patient to find out what the rest of it looks like.
This may not be the newest of ideas but the design and execution of CloudNG is beautifully done. The interface is clean, gorgeous and looks suspiciously similar to the dropbox web portal so it is familiar and easy to use.
Ogden’s most lasting contributions to the city did not come from his 10-month tenure, but his later real estate developments and railroads, including the Illinois-Michigan Canal and the Galena and Union Pacific railways. He also literally put Goose Island on the map when he directed the dredging of a canal through a bend in the North Branch of the Chicago River to provide a straighter path for boats, thereby creating an island that would later lend its name to one of Chicago’s best-known beer purveyors. He even designed one of the city’s trademark moving bridges himself – a pontoon-float swing bridge at Clark Street.
I sometimes think that the U.S. government is a giant machine designed to prevent senior decision-makers from every getting any useful information. For one thing, it’s a vast and sprawling bureaucracy, and the right hand is frequently oblivious to the machinations of the left hand. In a sense, there’s just no “there” there: The State Department doesn’t always share important information with the Defense Department, the Defense Department doesn’t always share important information with Department of Homeland Security, and the intelligence community generally doesn’t share important information with anyone.
The HTML code, scripts and images used to render the lockscreen are stored in the “Documents and Settings\[user_name]\Local Settings\Temp” folder on a Windows XP system. To lock the computer, the malicious code will create a window covering the whole screen. It will also spawn at least two threads. One will monitor the current running processes and will terminate taskmgr.exe (Task manager) if it is active. Another one will make sure that the current desktop is the one created by the malware, otherwise it will switch to that desktop. This behavior is very similar to the Urausy ransomware described by AVAST. The US lockscreen design (retrieved 2013/08/20) is shown in the screenshot below. As with most ransomware, the images are customized depending on the infected computer location.
Handiwork of Cynthia Breazeal, an associate professor of media arts and sciences at MIT and director of the Personal Robots Group at the MIT Media Lab, Jibo stands 11-inches tall and has a moving LCD for a face. It’s designed to be a storyteller for kids, a companion for the elderly, and a quick way to keep up to date with news and web searches for everyone else.
A gentle exfoliating and cleansing regimen is an essential part of regular facial skin care, which is why WODA has designed a cutting-edge, top of the line collection of masks to turn back the clock and reveal your natural glow. WODA’s Magic Bamboo & Charcoal Mask is one of the most popular and versatile masks in this line, offering a deep cleansing experience that aids in reducing the appearance of hyperpigmentation, blemishes, and sunspots. Not only does it contain activated bamboo charcoal known for natural deep cleansing properties, but evening primrose oil and rosehip oil both work in combination to sooth the skin while it exfoliates. Perfect as a gift, or an addition to any anti-aging skin care routine.
When it comes to luxury in facial skin care, WODA Sin Care does not hold back. Legend has it that Cleopatra slept in a pure gold face mask every night to enhance her stunning beauty and complexion. In line with these ancient beauty practices, WODA offers a Celebrity 24 Karat Gold Mask complete with vitamin C to deeply hydrate and revitalize. Along with other luxurious ingredients, this natural face mask is cleverly blended with organic coconut oil and cocoa seed butter, designed to plump and lighten complexions of all types.
The “warm and soft” Calibri was designed by Lucas De Groot in 2004 reached people on January 30, 2007 with the launch of Microsoft Office 2007 and Windows Vista. The Calibri started its journey by replacing Times New Roman as the default typeface in Word and also replaced Arial as the default in Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook and WordPad.
Intuitive: We’ve designed our paddles to be user-friendly and ergonomic so that you’re comfortable with it from the moment you pick it up.
Durable: Our paddles are built strong so that the LED lighting system is protected from all that Mother Nature has to throw at it. Fiber-reinforced nylon, carbon fiber, and an integrated design ensures that nothing will stop these paddles from doing their job.
A little bit about Moab: Everyone has a second home and Moab happens to be ours. From jeeping to rock climbing to canyoneering and endless other activities, we've found our adult playground. Corona Arch is our swing set and just like our paddles, we've improved the design over the years so that its a flawless experience and not to mention very safe. We made a video a few years ago that shows what we like to do. (click the link) This is what some of our donors can have a chance of doing.
I wanted to make a list of possible new and unique types of CC (especially more soft types), utility and gapclosers/escapes, without the ne ed of giving everyone a leap or dash. This list can be us ed for further god design concept inspiration or as an example for how new gods could be designed without giving them everything. Especially carry’s, assassins (and mages) should been giving less (or not at all) higher tier o f CC/escapes. To create ‘balance’ b etween power, C C/utility and escapes. I would appreciated any feedback, but moreover additions and suggestions of you own, because I want to make an as complete list as p ossible. Therefore I will try to make several u pdates if needed.
"Please, Nick," she quietly whimpered as he brought his face inches from her own. She waited for it, the shock of his teeth around her neck, of the pain as he ripped her apart and ate her as he was designed to do. But it never happened, his jaws remained closed and his eyes lost their fire, instead he sniffed her. Her head first and then her face, his nose traveled along much of her torso and body as he began to circle her. She watched in a shock that Bellwether shared as the fox circled her with a playful grin, his tail wagging ever so softly.
Beautifully designed app by an Italy-based studio
The year 2012 marks the 50th anniversary of the founding of the European Southern Observatory (ESO). ESO is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world’s most productive ground-based astronomical observatory by far. It is supported by 15 countries: Austria, Belgium, Brazil, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Finland, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design, construction and operation of powerful ground-based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries. ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research. ESO operates three unique world-class observing sites in Chile: La Silla, Paranal and Chajnantor. At Paranal, ESO operates the Very Large Telescope, the world’s most advanced visible-light astronomical observatory and two survey telescopes. VISTA works in the infrared and is the world’s largest survey telescope and the VLT Survey Telescope is the largest telescope designed to exclusively survey the skies in visible light. ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA, the largest astronomical project in existence. ESO is currently planning a 40-metre-class European Extremely Large optical/near-infrared Telescope, the E-ELT, which will become “the world’s biggest eye on the sky”.
“Thermo-mechanical stress is indeed a problem,” said Max Min, senior technical manager at Samsung. “ We have worked on TSV-based, and we have put this together with micro-bonding in the packaging. There is indeed a lot of mismatch between the thermal-mechanical coefficients when you have a lot of microbumps. How we put designs together may affect the underlying transistor structure and stress and mobility. We need to model them and design them with an understanding of the material side. That’s an issue.”
As more of these systems-in-package reach the market, there is more history to show what can go wrong and more data on how to fix problems or avoid them in the first place. This is a prerequisite for building economies of scale into the design through manufacturing process.
In addition, Si2 has a chip-package co-design group that is working to understand what is required for a design flow on advanced packaging. Mentor’s Ferguson pointed out there also is more attention being paid in conferences to advanced packaging. “A few years ago if you went to a packaging conference, it was equipment, engineering tools and testers. That’s starting to change.”
“If you look at 2.5D, it’s not that demanding,” said Mike Gianfagna, vice president of marketing at eSilicon. “We’ve been able to develop proprietary analysis tools for thermal stress and warpage. But for real 3D, that’s going to require massive retooling. You start moving parts of the system and the specs you have in place about which slice is where and how you’re going to manage thermal stress—that affects the whole design flow.”
Fine tuning this process will be challenging, as well. “We understand enough physics to understand what will be the likely problems,” said Mentor’s Ferguson. “The bigger challenge is prioritizing which impacts will be the most critical. So your design methodologies may be okay but if you have poor yield you have to scramble to fix it.”
Like the House bill, Graham-Cassidy would cut Medicaid payments for traditional enrollees—the elderly in nursing homes, pregnant women in poverty, disabled children, etc.—by a third by 2026. A portion of the money saved would go into a short-term fund for states to use for health-care costs. The rationale is that this would give states “flexibility” to design coverage for their residents as they see fit. But the amount of funding provided is, by multiple estimates, hundreds of billions of dollars below what the A.C.A. provides. The bill also nakedly shifts funds from Democratic-leaning states that expanded Medicaid under the A.C.A. to Republican-leaning states that didn’t. Analyses indicate that states like California, Massachusetts, and New York will receive block-grant funding anywhere from thirty-five to almost sixty per cent below the health-care funding their residents would receive under current law. Much of those missing funds would be transferred to states like Texas, Mississippi, and Wisconsin. And special deals to make further shifts from blue states to red states such as Alaska are being negotiated to win votes.
If you come across any “treasure” or basically anything that is more valuable than Rs 10, you can be jailed if you do not report it to a revenue officer. As the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) explains it, the law was designed to “protect and preserve treasure found accidentally but had archaeological and historical value” and was “enacted to protect and preserve such treasures and their lawful disposal.”
Early skateboards were crude, with wheels made of metal and then clay. As board designs advanced, incorporating urethane wheels and improved trucks, increasingly difficult tricks became possible.
Here are some of the provisions, not reported by the mainstream press, which underscore that it was no more than a redistribution scheme designed to hamper U.S. competitiveness papered over by gaseous, meaningless platitudes about saving mankind.
It was designed to limit American competitiveness and, at best, could have done virtually nothing to affect the climate while impoverishing us and displacing U.S. workers.
widely acclaimed as the definitive work on Linux system programming. I am actively involved in Linux development—working with kernel developers on testing, review, and design of new Linux kernel-user-space APIs.
Design The MCE (1968-73) is a double blind randomized controlled trial designed to test whether replacement of saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid reduces coronary heart disease and death by lowering serum cholesterol. Recovered MCE unpublished documents and raw data were analyzed according to hypotheses prespecified by original investigators. Further, a systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials that lowered serum cholesterol by providing vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid in place of saturated fat without confounding by concomitant interventions was conducted.
Study foods were designed to appear similar in both groups. Both diets were served in a single line. Each study participant received his or her group specific food tray based on a unique computer generated code number, which was designed to be incomprehensible to the participants but easily interpreted by the food servers. 15 Twenty one labels were printed out for each participant each week. Labels remaining on the sheet were used to record missed meals, which were transferred to a “Port-o-Punch card” for later assessment of the correlation between adherence (defined as the percentage of meals received) and cholesterol response.
The control MCE diet was patterned after the “D” diet of the National Diet Heart Study. It was designed to appear similar to the experimental diet. Notably, free surplus USDA food commodities including common margarines and shortenings were key components of the control diet, making the daily per participant allocation from the state of Minnesota adequate to cover the full costs. 2 15 16 As common margarines and shortenings of this period were rich sources of industrially produced trans fatty acids, 23 24 25 the control diet contained substantial quantities of trans fat. Compared with the pre-randomization hospital diet, the control diet did not change saturated fat intake but did substantially increase linoleic acid intake (by about 38%, from 3.4% to 4.7% of calories). Based on this increase in dietary linoleic acid alone, the Keys equation predicts that the control diet would lower average serum cholesterol compared with baseline (fig 3 ⇑ and table 2 ⇑ ). This reduction, however, would be modest compared with the reduction in the intervention group.
No patients were involved in setting the research question or the outcome measures, nor were they involved in developing plans for design or implementation of the study. No patients were asked to advise on interpretation or writing up of results. There are no plans to disseminate the results of the research to study participants or the relevant patient community.
The MCE was a double blinded, parallel group, randomized controlled dietary intervention trial, designed to evaluate the effects of increasing n-6 linoleic acid from corn oil in place of saturated fat for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events and deaths, and for reducing the degree of coronary, aortic, and cerebrovascular atherosclerosis, and the number of myocardial infarcts and strokes detected at autopsy. It was conducted from 1968 to 1973 in the state of Minnesota, United States. Eligible participants were men and women aged ≥20 admitted to either the Oak Terrace Nursing Home or one of six state mental hospitals (Anoka, Fergus Falls, Hastings, Moose Lake, Saint Peter, Willmar). The experiment lasted from 41 to 56 months, depending on the hospital. The experiment was funded by the US Public Health Service and National Heart Institute through the R01 mechanism (HE 09686), with Ivan Frantz as principal investigator and Ancel Keys as co-principal investigator.
The traditional diet-heart hypothesis predicts that replacing saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid will reduce coronary heart disease events and deaths by lowering serum cholesterol. Many studies have yielded results consistent with pieces of this hypothesis. The clinical benefits of these serum cholesterol lowering diets, however, have never been causally demonstrated in a randomized controlled trial and thus remain uncertain. We have recovered previously unpublished data from two landmark trials that were designed to provide causal evidence to support the diet-heart hypothesis. In a prior publication, we reported that the Sydney Diet Heart Study intervention group had an increased risk of death from coronary heart disease and all causes, despite a significant reduction in serum cholesterol.14 The present analysis of MCE data examines missing links along the proposed causal chain of events linking dietary linoleic acid to serum cholesterol and to clinical outcomes. Though the MCE intervention effectively lowered serum cholesterol in all prespecified subgroups, there was no clinical benefit in any group. Paradoxically, MCE participants who had greater reduction in serum cholesterol had a higher rather than a lower risk of death. In addition, the MCE intervention group did not have less atherosclerosis or fewer infarcts at autopsy. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials that specifically tested replacement of saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid showed no indication of benefit. Thus, collective findings from randomized controlled trials do not provide support for the central diet-heart tenet that the serum cholesterol lowering effects of replacing saturated fat with linoleic acid translate to lower risk of coronary heart disease or death.
Limited and inconsistent evidence from non-randomized studies While the randomized controlled trial is the only study design that can show a cause and effect relation, observational cohort studies can be used to investigate longer term exposures than are typically feasible in randomized controlled trials.31 Limitations of observational studies (for example, healthy consumer bias), however, can sometimes distort,31 32 33 or even reverse,34 35 36 true associations. Self reported intake of foods that are often high in linoleic acid was associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease in two large prospective observational cohorts of US health professionals37 38 and in one pooled analysis of several cohorts.39 Other large prospective observational studies40 and another pooled analysis,41 however, found no association. Similar inconsistent associations between circulating linoleic acid and risk of coronary heart disease have been reported,42 43 with pooled analysis showing no association.41 Ecological associations between linoleic acid intake and coronary heart disease have also been cited to support the diet-heart hypothesis.44 These associations, however, are subject to important confounders and are wholly dependent on the timeframe selected (fig B, appendix). Thus, the conclusions that can be drawn from non-randomized studies on this topic are limited. Together with the lack of support from randomized controlled trials (after recovery of data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study and MCE), the totality of evidence no longer provides support for the traditional diet-heart hypothesis.
Historical context for publication of Sydney Diet Heart Study and MCE findings With today’s recognition of publication bias and requirements for trial registration and timely publication on completion of registered trials, the omission of key results of these two trials from the literature might seem difficult to understand. In the case of the MCE, the crude study results were clearly at odds with prevailing beliefs. One can speculate that the investigators and sponsors would have wanted to distinguish between a failed theory and a failed trial before publication. While robustly designed and carefully executed, the MCE had several unique features that complicated analysis and could have biased results. The MCE investigators might have been concerned that heavy censoring or the complicated health and social histories of study participants could have impacted results. In addition, the methods of adjusting survival time analyses for covariates were just emerging, and statistical software packages were not widely available, even at the time the Broste thesis was written. Failure to measure cholesterol concentrations for participants who left the hospital before one year could have introduced bias and would have reduced power for some analyses, and the heavy censoring might have further contributed to the possibility of type II errors. There would have been little or no scientific or clinical trial literature at the time to support findings that were so contrary to prevailing beliefs and public policy. And, finally, it is possible that medical journal reviewers would not have accepted study results for the reasons cited above. Whatever the explanation for key MCE data not being published, there is growing recognition that incomplete publication of negative or inconclusive results can contribute to skewed research priorities and public health initiatives.73 74 75 Recovery of unpublished data can alter the balance of evidence and, in some instances, can lead to reversal of established policy or clinical practice positions.73Figure 10⇓ provides a historical context for the completion and publication of the MCE and Sydney Diet Heart Study results in relation to key US policy events over the past half century. It is interesting to speculate whether complete publication of randomized controlled trial results might have altered key policy decisions promoting replacement of saturated fat with linoleic acid rich oils (such as the 1977 McGovern report76 and National Cholesterol Education Program (1984-85)45) or contributed to a shift in research priorities. Fig 10 Diet-heart timeline: key research and policy events. SDHS=Sydney Diet heart Study; MCE=Minnesota Coronary Experiment; AHA=American Heart Association; LA=linoleic acid
Strengths and limitations The MCE had several exceptional features and strengths. For example, the MCE is by far the largest randomized controlled trial to test the central diet-heart tenet that lowering serum cholesterol by replacing saturated fat with linoleic acid rich vegetable oil will translate to a lower risk of coronary heart disease and death. The MCE is also the only randomized controlled trial to test the clinical effects of increasing linoleic acid in large cohorts of women and individuals aged ≥65 and the only such trial to complete a postmortem assessment of atherosclerosis grade and infarct status. As MCE participants were randomly assigned and all meals were provided, we know that changes in linoleic acid and saturated fat were from the diets provided. Thus, MCE effectively dealt with the problem of healthy consumer bias that confounds many observational studies.31 Other strengths were that the intervention effectively lowered serum cholesterol and that these changes were consistent with predictions based on the Keys equation and the chemical analysis of study foods. The MCE also had several important limitations in study design and generalizability. Participants were followed only while in hospital, and only about a quarter of randomized participants remained in the study for a year or longer. Although the original investigators emphasized this subsample and believed the longer follow-up to be more informative, it is a limitation that the association between serum cholesterol and death can now be examined only among those who survived the first year and remained in hospital. Moreover, even though we used data from a randomized controlled trial, the analysis of the association between serum cholesterol and death is observational in nature. Therefore, it is not possible to examine causality or to disentangle changes in serum cholesterol because of diet from changes because of other factors. In addition, low density lipoprotein (and high density lipoprotein) subfractions, which are more closely linked to risk of coronary heart disease than total serum cholesterol, were not assessed. Numerous randomized controlled trials, however, have shown that replacing saturated fat with vegetable oil rich in linoleic acid leads to predictable lowering of low density lipoprotein without altering high density lipoprotein.8 Thus, the serum cholesterol lowering effects of the MCE diets were likely specific to low density lipoprotein. Because the trans fatty acid contents of MCE study diets are not available, one could speculate that the lack of benefit in the intervention group was because of increased consumption of trans fat. Indeed, in addition to liquid corn oil the intervention diet also contained a serum cholesterol lowering soft corn oil polyunsaturated margarine, which likely contained some trans fat. The MCE principal investigator (Ivan Frantz) and co-principal investigator (Ancel Keys), however, were well aware of the cholesterol raising effects of trans fat prior to initiating the MCE.77 Moreover, Frantz and Keys previously devised the diets used in the institutional arm of the National Diet Heart Feasibility Study (NDHS), which achieved the greatest reductions in serum cholesterol of all NDHS study sites.2 Hence, it is highly likely that this experienced MCE team selected products containing as little trans fat as possible to maximize the achieved degree of cholesterol lowering. Perhaps more importantly, it is clear from the MCE grant proposal that common margarines and shortenings (major sources of trans fat) were important components of the baseline hospital diets and the control diet (but not the intervention diet). Thus, confounding by dietary trans fat is an exceedingly unlikely explanation for the lack of benefit of the intervention diet. Another limitation in the interpretation is incomplete data recovery. For example, in the Sydney Diet Heart Study the increased mortality in the high linoleic acid group was most evident in smokers and heavy drinkers.14 Without additional recovery of MCE data we are not able to determine if the effects of the high linoleic acid diet varied by smoking status, pre-existing coronary heart disease, psychiatric history, or drug use. Also, as we were not able to recover data for the full MCE cohort, we present the Broste thesis as recovered, without a more thorough analysis of differences in mortality between groups. Limitations in generalizability The MCE intervention diet contained almost twice as a much linoleic acid as the average American diet. Only a small percentage of the US population currently consumes linoleic acid in amounts that overlap those in the MCE intervention diet (fig 8⇑). As this high linoleic acid diet produced a maximum lowering of serum cholesterol, it was ideal for testing the diet-heart tenet that serum cholesterol is the critical mediator linking diet to coronary heart disease. However, one cannot necessarily extrapolate findings to lower linoleic acid intakes. The decision to conduct the MCE in mental hospitals and nursing homes reduced the number of missed meals and maximized the achieved degree of serum cholesterol lowering. However, the results are not necessarily generalizable to populations without mental illnesses or living outside nursing homes. As the MCE, Sydney Diet Heart Study, and other diet-heart trials used concentrated vegetable oils, the results should not be generalized to nuts or other unprocessed foods containing linoleic acid. Meta-analysis limitations Limitations of our meta-analysis include the small number of randomized controlled trials that have tested the effects of replacing saturated fat with linoleic acid rich oil, the differences in design and population characteristics of each trial, and the many limitations of meta-analyses in general (appendix part 2).
All designs are available in various colors and sizes on Amazon!
Dozens of street people, accompanied by backpacks, shopping carts and sleeping bags, can be found dozing in broad daylight on the lawn of the historic park, known for its 107-year-old Broadway Fountain that was designed by famed San Diego architect Irving J. Gill.
Whether it’s the presence of the homeless, the lack of concerts, food services or the design of the park, Horton Plaza Park is not yet the success that was promised.
“As a design professional, I can say it lacks any heart, soul or anything else redeeming, “ said design professional Robert Dean. “I couldn’t honestly wait to leave.”
Horton Plaza (the grassy park around the fountain) has a long and storied history. It opened soon after Alonzo Horton opened his Horton House hotel in 1870 and took its current form in 1910, when the U.S. Grant Hotel opened on the site of Horton House. Gill designed the park layout as well as the fountain.
Glen Schmidt, whose landscape design firm helped bring off the expansion of Horton Plaza park, said the design has held up as intended — similar to iconic plazas in Europe that are similarly treeless because they are designed for large public gatherings.
The £225,000 building is being built in an area where an average house is sold for around £625,000. The tree house is one of three projects the architects designed for private clients looking to settle in the mountains of Almaty. It was commissioned by a 38-year-old businessman who wanted a home for a two people and a place that would allow for his spiritual and creative development. Most of all, the house is designed to provide a space where one can escape stressful everyday life in the city.
What's most baffling about the way that Dark Tower unfolds on the big screen is that it's clearly designed to be the first chapter in a longer filmed series. On Thursday, The Hollywood Reporter broke the news that the Dark Tower TV series now has a showrunner. The plan has always been for a show to follow the first movie (before once again shifting back to another film), but even if Dark Tower always planned to shift from film to TV, it's hard to grasp why the film isn't just a direct adaptation of The Gunslinger, the opening salvo in the franchise, as opposed to something that sometimes calls to mind The Last Action Hero, with a larger-than-life hero reacting as a fish-out-of-water to the way that the real world operates. The resulting film is strangely, painfully lifeless outside of the gruff and firm performance from Elba as Roland. It may seem impossible to imagine a film where McConaughey appears less seductively charismatic than flat-out bored, but even in a role of innate cruelty and villainy, that's what you get from him, and from the film itself.
Some ads can indeed be useful tools to increase turnout but to suppose that spending vast sums of money on “negative” ads designed to get around liberal media bias is sound strategy is simply incorrect.
We uncovered 43 relevant findings in the literature, 27 involving intended vote choices and 16 involving reported vote choices or official vote totals. […] Only 12 of these outcomes are positive from the attacker’s standpoint. Only five of these 12 are at all appreciable, and they are counterbalanced by five negative effects of similar magnitude. The remaining effects are all small. The overall unadjusted effect of negative campaigns on vote choice indicates a modest disadvantage to the attacker, but that effect vanished when we adjusted the effect sizes. It bears mentioning that the two largest negative effects and all five of the positive ones come from experimental studies in which the dependent variable is vote intention; that particular design evidently produces more volatile outcomes. The broader message, though, is that the research literature does not bear out the proposition that negative political campaigns “work” in shifting votes toward those who wage them. Overall, then, social science research provides some evidence that the mechanisms through which negative campaigning is supposed to work do in fact operate, but there is an overriding lack of evidence that negative campaigning itself works as it is supposed to. Intriguingly, the conclusion that negative campaigning is no more effective than positive campaigning holds even though negative campaigns appear to be somewhat more memorable and to generate somewhat greater campaign-relevant knowledge.
Lisk, the blockchain application platform, has collaborated with distinguished design agency Taikonauten, in order to rebrand its ecosystem.
With this partnership, the startup particularly aims to enhance the user experience and facilitate even greater user adoption. This collaboration is part of Lisk’s resilience phase, which aims to build a more elegant core system, an even better Lisk SDK, deploy various useful features, design beautiful and easy user interfaces, and continue to put a major focus on security.
Taikonauten is a Berlin-based design agency that aims to shape the future of the Internet with its work. It uses digital design to promote key brands, position products and create new opportunities for cutting-edge businesses.
The overarching aim of the collaboration, extending from March to August 2017, is to create a unified experience for Lisk users. Taikonauten will overhaul Lisk’s corporate design, developing a new logo and media kit. In addition, it will also design and develop a new website for Lisk. Finally, user interfaces for Lisk’s desktop, mobile clients and blockchain explorer will also be crafted and designed by the agency.
The most important factor leading to antibiotic resistance is simply the use of antibiotics—employing them over long periods of time allows the organisms they are designed to kill to adapt to them. And unfortunately, in the United States these drugs are prescribed incorrectly or unnecessarily up to 50 percent of the time. The national strategy to fight drug-resistant bacteria set forth under Barack Obama’s White House included the goal of halving this inappropriate antibiotic use by 2020 through a few different mechanisms, including the National Healthcare Safety Network, which tracks resistance patterns and infections at 17,000 of the country’s health care facilities. “How are we going to know those efforts are working if we’re not tracking antibiotic use?” Jezek says.
Embroider designs onto the netting using yarn (or embroidery thread depending on fabric).
The Rolls-Royce ship is designed with solar cells to generate power to extend the amount of time the ship can remain in standby mode. The ship comes equipped with a fully electric propulsion system.
Autonomous ships are nothing new. DARPA worked with Leidos to design and build an autonomous ship for quietly tracking submarines. The proof of concept showed that operation of the craft was significantly less expensive than its manned counterparts.
Ahead of my Saturday grocery shopping I decide what I’m going to have for meals for the entire week. I try to design a lunch meal that’s interesting enough that I won’t get sick of having it 5 days in a row. I want it to have a lot of nutrients because dinner is with the whole family. I pretty much let my boys decide what I’m making on the days they’re with me and sometimes there are no vegetables on the table :-0 and there’s even, gasp, pasta. Good thing is when I’m making salad for lunches, I can make extra salad mix for an easy dinner salad if I want to. And, I know if I’ve got a nutrient filled lunch, one dinner of only buffalo style chicken wings isn’t going to derail me (and yes, butter and hot sauce are both tolerated – at least for wings – woo hoo!).
I am surprised by the apparent interest in ‘musigh’ tees, but I think it’s doable. The question is the design though: would you prefer just ‘musigh’ with the original font, or just the ‘m’, or a different font, or maybe a tagline or some kind of picture/logo? Should it be large in the middle, or something smaller aligned to the side?
The TTB’s labeling code also specifies what designs you can and can’t display on the label. Anything obscene is forbidden. You’re also not allowed to print a crest, coat-of-arms or insignia if it might falsely imply an endorsement from an individual or group using that symbol.
However, he continued to use the flag design for glasses, T-shirts, tap handles, etc. until 2005, when a TTB agent, vacationing in Oregon, spotted a Rogue truck painted with the original logo. Ordered to cease and desist, Joyce repainted his trucks and destroyed or gave away between $15,000 and $25,000 worth of promotional items. He was able to salvage his tap handles by painting out the stars. “We solved that by basically desecrating the flag,” he observed ironically.
In 2005 Schirf made headlines once again, this time with an amber beer called Evolution Amber Ale. A “Darwin Approved” seal specifies that the beer was “Created in 27 days, not 7.” The brand, Schirf explained, was inspired by a Utah state senator who tried to pressure state schools into teaching intelligent design theory as an alternative to Darwin’s theories.
In such trademark disputes, the party claiming injury isn’t always another brewery. Bethlehem Brew Works, a brewpub in Bethlehem, PA, used to brew a strong, spiced ale called Rudolph’s Reserve for the Christmas holidays, bottling a small amount. The label depicted Santa Claus saddling up the famous red-nosed reindeer popularized in the 1949 Gene Autry song. Just before the holiday season in 2003, Bethlehem Brew Works received a cease-and-desist letter from a Wilton, CT-based firm called The Rudolph Co. L.P. and its merchandising agent, Gt Merchandising and Licensing L.L.C. The company claimed a trademark to “any design of a reindeer with a shiny nose and the design of a red-tipped nose on any fanciful deer-like animal.”
While the Classic design has a stainless steel finish, the Frontier style is more rugged looking. The latter is available with two connectivity options: one that pairs with a phone over Bluetooth and another that works with an LTE subscription, so you can make phone calls and stream music directly to the device.
Samsung spent a lot of time working on the design of the S3, and enlisted Swiss watchmaker Yvan Arpa and industrial designer Arik Levy to help. The results of the collaboration are evident in details like the small lines that indicate where the hour hands are positioned, also known as the index markers on the bezel. This makes it look more like a traditional analog watch.
The smart design approach goes beyond the physical aesthetic, too. The ability for the screen to dim in low-light settings make it easier to see in dark environments and adds a sense of refinement.
Like the spinner dolphin's fin, these fighter planes showcase backwards wings. The design allows airflow around the wings to terminate at the body of the plane rather than at the wingtips, providing better stability and maneuverability. Could this also explain the dolphin's fin?
After Harvey, Houston's sprawling developments have been blamed for contributing to flooding of those downstream by paving over the prairies and ecosystems that once stored and drained water. The outer-ring suburbs of the Houston region, it turns out, are more complicated than that and, in some cases, have been places of design innovation that could teach the rest of Houston some lessons about living in floodplains.
"Let us abandon self-mutilation which has been our way and give expression to the potential harmony that is man-nature. ... To do this he must design with nature," the chief landscape designer for The Woodlands, Ian McHarg, implores in his book "Design with Nature."
The early stages of planning had very little to do with return on investment for number of buildings on the land; rather "landscape [was] used very consistently as a basic framework underlying the urban design of The Woodlands, with villages, transportation corridors, and commercial centers having secondary importance," as Forsyth writes.
Most of the 6-million-plus people in Houston's metropolitan area live in these more mundane suburbs. I grew up in one myself. But the Greater Houston area has a handful of exceptional master-planned communities improving upon The Woodlands legacy. I learned a bit about two of the most intentionally sustainable master-planned communities currently being developed — Springwoods Village and Cross Creek Ranch — but the list could go on. Up in Cypress is Bridgelands, with landscape design by OJB, which normalizes green roofs and rain gardens, and in Fort Bend County there is Harvest Green with landscape design by SWA Group. I will focus on just the two: Springwoods Village and Cross Creek Ranch.
I checked in with Christian about his family and neighbors in Cross Creek Ranch; he said they are "really lucky ... no one got flooding in their house." The systems the architects put in place appear to have performed the way they were designed to. They captured water and absorbed it as quickly as possible.
Neither the landscape architect, Asakura, nor the engineer, Bedient, expect Houston to be retrofitted along the lines of The Woodlands after decades of unconstrained development. But these case studies in sustainably designing Houston's native ecosystems is evidence that the city can do better. That we don't have to combat nature, but can design with nature. That we must do better for more than just the folks who can afford a quarter-acre plot of land in a refurbished prairie or the 385-acre ExxonMobil campus in former greenfields. With the stormwaters receded, it's time for those who can plan for reconstruction to do so immediately.
“We are elated to welcome both Funko and GameStop to the Yu-Gi-Oh! family. We are impressed with both companies’ creative designs for new and engaging collectibles encompassing so many of our central characters and monsters,” said Coleman. “Yu-Gi-Oh! fans around the globe eagerly await each new licensed product introduction, which not only keeps the brand fresh and front of mind, but also serves to invigorate demand for all things Yu-Gi-Oh!”
Irshad said the new meters were designed with a sensor to alert ParkHouston when the paper dispenser jams, which also shuts down the meter so someone doesn't inadvertently pay and not receive a receipt.
Documentary about Gordon Murray, who designs some of the most innovative Formula 1 cars, and his attempts to build an inexpensive, lightweight city car for the masses - the T-25.
From Brabham and the eccentric 'Fan Car', through unbeatable designs for Senna and Prost and the milestone McLaren F1 sports car, and right up to date with the arrival of T25, How To Go Faster and Influence People is a compelling account of Gordon Murray's remarkable design journey.
Which is why the film’s most vivid and poignant scenes are those involving the Spotlight team interviewing the victims of the abuse. There’s a stark quality to these sequences, which feature straightforward but moving recountings of how these men were taken advantage of as boys, that make them stand out. The film as a whole has a Wire-esque sparseness in the production design and cinematography that makes these scenes, and the horrors they represent, more palpable, awful, and affecting.
The certainty is a concern for those wanting a show in the mountains given Wiggins’ win last year was a triumph of pacing and power over panache. But Froome is more able to attack in the mountains, the tempo riding of 2012 was designed for Wiggins. Still the fear is Sky will play it safe and set a pace to deter others from attacking until Froome launches a late moves to steal seconds.
While I can’t deny that juvenile delinquents with grocery bags on their faces are pretty hilarious, the False Turtles may have an edge over the Crooked Ninja Turtle Gang just by virtue of being some pretty awesome robots. Sadly, they have one fatal design flaw: A vulnerability to complete bullshit.
Its re-engineered muzzle brake, dual barrel springs and long mainspring design make the 82A1 comfortable and — dare we say — exciting to shoot.
Unfortunately, financial regulation is an area where sanity is in limited supply, which is why the Dodd-Frank Act, designed to combat the problem of “Too Big to Fail,” is immiserating African villages. And public choice theory tells us that this problem will be hard to fix.
Qi has been designed and built by Dr. Jeannot and his team of security professionals. They cumulatively bring 27+ years of experience in the field of security and come from mathematics, physics and computer science backgrounds. Together they have previously built security products and services for Fortune 500 companies and Governments.
“In the design of that, we’ve gone right back from scratch and literally said 'what are the drivers of how people want to engage with news media?' and started from the ground up,” Rowley said.
Spatial and financial tools can be designed to connect to the Bitcoin blockchain. Any organization can issue their own currency and assets, as well as distribute equity and share profits globally to a mobilized and decentralized community.
A spokeswoman for the F.D.A. said the agency was reviewing the safety of birth control pills with a study designed to identify the incidence of blood clots, stroke and death among users of Yasmin and other oral contraceptives. Bayer, meanwhile, is conducting a postmarketing study comparing the safety of Yaz with other birth control pills.
The ZiP ships with two sets of recoil springs: stiff for high-test loads and light for target/bulk loads (factory-installed default). You can “tune” your action to your ammunition’s power level. Due to the low mass of the reciprocating parts, the bolt speed is extremely high and the spring rates are particularly important. The design leaves no room for bolt overtravel (which normally adds some delay to a semi-auto action).
Athens illustrator and Creature Comforts tour staff member, Melissa Merrill, designed the label artwork. Merrill derived the watercolor medium from the fruit used in brewing the beer for the original artwork. The name of the beer is a nod to a bus with a broken transmission the two breweries shared on the way to a beer dinner while Arizona Wilderness was visiting us here in Athens, GA, which made for a very fun and memorable evening!
This is a fireproof bag, designed to protect imprortant documents money cash from fire or stop and contain any fire caused by incorrectly charging or poorly functioning lipo packs. Please flap side down and on the lowest level of your house (best place is in your cellar, but not in a wet place) that will be best to protect your improtant goods.
Which is why currently the design for Response types will include such types as "Hostile, Friendly, Neutral" but also thinking about types like Sarcastic, Vague in order to properly interact in the way you'd like to.
Tuesday 29 February 1972 "Tortoise head fell off during Act 1. This is the third time that this has happened. Please could the design be changed."
Saturday 18 November "The collapsible dummy in the second witches scene: more often than not the wig does not fall off: this appears to be a design problem rather than a handling one… is the removal of a broomstick the swiftest way to effect the collapse that we can think of? It is a beautiful dummy, of course, but is not quite 'hitting the spot', therefore does require further thought."
The tax was introduced in England and Wales in 1696 under King William III and was designed to impose tax relative to the prosperity of the taxpayer, but without the controversy that then surrounded the idea of income tax.[1][2]
Thankfully, ship design and combat are a lot of fun in StarDrive. Each race has aesthetically different and technically different ships, each of which contains different module layouts inside. I’ve discussed this before, but it is worth mentioning again, that StarDrive’s ship design system, combined with its combat, are truly it’s most worthwhile attributes.
Even though it’s not turn-based but a real-time (pausable) game, it still delivers a very strong “one more turn” sensation due to its design system. Once I’ve designed a brand new ship, there’s just no way I can step away from the PC until I’ve built it and seen it in action. There is no greater glory then watching your newly minted ship pulverize the hulls of your enemy into space dust. Watching them beg for peace when you’ve just finished bombarding several of their planets is a close second though.
To fully show how versatile the ship design system is, I tried designing some corvette class ships that were heavily armored on one side, and then placed my unprotected and vulnerable weapons on the other. I then assigned them the attack pattern that forced them to always try to circle their enemy while keeping the protected side facing them. The nice thing about this is that weapon projectiles and direction actually matter, so by keeping my armored side against the enemy, I could protect the reactors and weapons that I placed unprotected behind them.
This worked fairly well, although not perfectly, as sometimes my ships would inexplicably either change targets or fly directly towards an opponent, leaving themselves exposed. It was good to see that some creative use of these advanced attack patterns could be made, even if it wasn’t a perfect experiment. Squeezing every last bit of efficiency out of a ship is a tough thing to do, and I expect we’ll see people debating potential best in class designs for each hull for some time to come.
StarDrive’s primary gameplay focus is on ship design and combat, not colony or trade management, and the limited options and automation available help keep things that way. If you’re looking for Civilization in space, you’re in the wrong place. If you’re looking for epic battles between hundreds of ships with lasers, cannons, fighters, and missiles flying everywhere, then StarDrive has exactly what you are looking for.
Multiplayer is not present in StarDrive currently. While I myself am not an avid multiplayer gamer when it comes to these types of strategy games, I know a lot of people are disappointed that they can’t test their ship designs out against each other at the present time. One very important thing to note, however, is that the game somewhat compensates for this through he use of its own adaptable AI. I’ll discuss this further below, in the AI section of my review.
Offense and Defense are two important areas and StarDrive’s AI has gotten a bit better about handling them. For both offense and defense, the AI builds quite a few different fleets and assigns them different purposes. While their individual ship designs are not always the best, they tend to be rather effective at building workable fleets. For example, they tend to leave their troop transports in the rear and send their battleships in first to clear a path. Should they sense the tides have turned against them, they also aren’t afraid to cut their losses and retreat as quickly as possible. In addition to troop focused fleets, the AI will also equip many of its ships with bombs, and will assist the war effort by bombing your planets into oblivion if given the chance.
AI ship designs are somewhat lacking, but one of the best features of StarDrive is the AI’s ability to steal a player’s designs. Did you wipe the galaxy with your epic Draylok designs last time you played? Don’t be surprised to see them used against you the next time you play as a different race. This is a feature that often catches players off guard, and one you truly can’t appreciate until you’ve played a few games with different races. Combined with the AI’s offensive capabilities, this can create a very tough challenge for those caught unaware.
Throughout the beta and now the release, I have been fortunate enough to have both a desktop and a laptop to experience the game with. I spend the vast majority of my time on the desktop, but after spending some type on my desktop experiencing the game so I could write this review, I decided to let my laptop take a crack at my ongoing sandbox game by transferring all my save files and designs over to it. I am glad I did this, as it wasn’t really until I played StarDrive on my laptop that I truly began to understand some of the frustrations others have expressed with its stability.
In addition to the two issues above, there were numerous other bugs I noticed while playing. These bugs were generally annoying rather than game-breaking though. I received a blank message, that appeared to be a declaration of war, after destroying a Ralyeh colonizer. I noticed a lone Federation marine on one of my planet’s that was filled with troops, and received no notification that he had arrived. My troops also had to be manually ordered to destroy him, even though we were at war at the time. A couple of the titan class ship designs are not in the game yet. Filling a planet up entirely with troops prevents any enemy troops from landing.
For a game designed and developed primarily by only one man, the range and scope of StarDrive’s design has had to have been a monumental undertaking. To succeed where entire teams of 4X designers have failed, is simply remarkable in my opinion. While I’ve listed my fair share of shortcomings with the game as it is, it is important to realize that the game itself is still a good game that is fun to play as long as you aren’t experiencing some of the actual technical issues that I experienced on my laptop. StarDrive is a solid title that is enjoyable but not infallible, and much like every other title in the genre, has its own shortcomings that may prevent some players from enjoying the game.
– Ship design is fantastic and allows the player to feel responsible for ship effectiveness
– Enemy AI will use prior player designs to its own advantage
As with all machine-learning systems, the crucial aspect of Long and Rinard’s design was the selection of a “feature set” that the system would analyze. The researchers concentrated on values stored in memory — either variables, which can be modified during a program’s execution, or constants, which can’t. They identified 30 prime characteristics of a given value: It might be involved in an operation, such as addition or multiplication, or a comparison, such as greater than or equal to; it might be local, meaning it occurs only within a single block of code, or global, meaning that it’s accessible to the program as a whole; it might be the variable that represents the final result of a calculation; and so on.
In earlier work, Long had developed an algorithm that attempts to repair program bugs by systematically modifying program code. The modified code is then subjected to a suite of tests designed to elicit the buggy behavior. This approach may find a modification that passes the tests, but it could take a prohibitively long time. Moreover, the modified code may still contain errors that the tests don’t trigger.
Rounding-up the GTX 1080 Tis means that we’re primarily going to be focused on cooler and PCB build quality: Noise, noise-normalized thermals, thermals, and VRM design are the forefront of competition among same-GPU parts. Ultimately, as far as gaming and overclocking performance, much of that is going to be dictated by silicon-level quality variance, and that’s nearly random. For that reason, we must differentiate board partner GPUs with thermals, noise, and potential for low-thermal overclocking (quality VRMs).
We want to give an honorable mention to MSI and the 1080 Ti Gaming X (Amazon), here: The Twin Frozr cooler remains the most effective dual-fan solution we’ve tested this year, and is able to leverage its larger fans to spin at lower, quieter RPMs than some of its competition. The Twin Frozr design isn’t the best by raw numbers, but has an excellent mix of noise-to-cooling performance, and manages this at a lower price than some of the flat-out best coolers, like the Strix. That price reduction matters, and to offer a competitive cooler at a lower price, MSI gets an honorable mention. We are interested to see how the company improves its dual-fan design for 2018.
The Dumbest Trend award goes to gigantic heatsinks. In what can only be described as a measuring contest, some manufacturers have continued to increase the mass and physical size of their GPU coolers, often with minimal gain in thermal performance, or in noise-normalized performance. What’s worse, a lot of these massive coolers overlook cooling basics, like physically connecting hot VRM components to the oversized heatsink – sort of the entire point of a big cooler, really. Stretching into 3-slot designs with 3 pounds of metal doesn’t make the cooler automatically good. It just means it’s big, and oftentimes, not at all worth the added cost to buy. There are a lot of good 2.5-slot designs out there, like MSI’s Twin Frozr and ASUS’ Strix coolers, and cards like the Gigabyte Xtreme or Zotac Extreme are larger than each of these, yet worse in thermal performance. This comes down to smart design, as opposed to just using more metal for the sake of looking bigger.
The MAC-10 is a semi-automatic weapon originally designed for military use. It is illegal in Chicago.
A bunch of developers published the ' agile manifesto ' in 2001 after they got fed up with the many software projects that hadn't worked. They thought that these projects were too complicated and too slow, in other words, they weren't sufficient enough. The developers had to do many unnecessary things. The system was inflexible and couldn't cope with changes. It was difficult to plan projects which eventually weren't accomplished on time. The participants were always stressed. And then the agile design process was born.
The aim of the agile design process
The projects were previously organized in a linear way. The first step was to analyze the problem and write a specification. The next phase was the design and development planning process. Softwares were programmed based on the plans. Then they were tested. Most of the time testing included only functional testing. Softwares were checked in order to determine whether they functioned perfectly.
New waves, the agile design process
We try to get rid of every unnecessary task. For example, we don’t create infinite documentations, but we prefer personal communications. Here is another post on how we use design as a tool for communication. We just try to avoid designing something that users can’t use.
With UX design and advanced UX research methods we can build more agile development processes. Here are the 4 most important standpoints:
The prototypes are tested before we create the detailed design and send it to the programming phase. Plans are ready to go to the next stages if they worked well for users.
We organize our tasks in sprints like developers do. A design sprint starts with a design meeting. This meeting have to be attended by the designers and by someone from the business and from the development side as well. It is a good chance to present the final design works and results of the researches. And then the team makes decisions regarding the upcoming questions. At the end of the meetings they clarify the action points, the tasks for the next sprint. And then the next sprint starts.
We like to form the design sprint process to be able to run a whole design iteration phase. This means that the designers do the design tasks and researchers do the user testing (or other type of research). So at the next meeting they can present the new design and the feedback from the users as well.
We at UX studio like working in week-long design sprints. There are some products where we can do two iteration rounds a week. This means two design and two research rounds per week. But in this case, we need a very close and effective collaboration from the participants.
How can we build design in the agile development processes?
The first and maybe the most important step is to realize that design is not just a quick project before the development phase. Design is a process, which follows the product for a whole lifetime. As long as you need developers, designers will be needed as well.
It’s a cliche, but we can “draw” faster than we can code. It means a feature or a function of a product could be designed faster than the developers code it. This is especially true if we consider “bug” fixes and back-end tasks. That is why a design team has less members than a development team.
As the design tasks are shorter than the development tasks, design sprints are shorter as well. Having dedign and development sprints with different length can sound a bit weird, but you just have to take care of the coordination between the two departments.
And another important takeaway is not to mix design and developing sprints together. You cannot develop that feature which is still in the design phase.
The design process needs cooperation from other parts of the team, too. The design will only be agile if it can involve everybody. When designers hold workshops or meetings it is necessary for business and development people to attend as well. Of course, it is not expected to invite everybody to these meetings but every party has to be represented.
We need developers to tell us if an idea is too difficult to build. And we need business leaders as well to settle clear business goals and to help us focus on them during the design process. We also need them to give us access to existing customers for testing the product. It’s impossible to design a product for people who you haven’t met before.
Pandora just released its biggest web redesign since 2011. Back in the day, when Pandora first launched, everything was web first, mobile second. But as more and more people made the shift to mobile, so did development and design decisions, Pandora Software Engineering Manager Laura Leaverton told me.
Pandora’s new web design is a lot cleaner, with improved navigation, a fixed bar that shows you what’s playing, replays and deeper integration with Ticketfly. For the majority of Pandora’s 78 million active users, this update might not matter a whole ton. Currently, 85% of listening happens on Pandora’s mobile apps, with just 14% of it happening on the web.
Similarly, courts have sought to “balance” workers’ right to engage in “concerted and protected activity” in favor of unions with a corresponding right of employers to convey their opinions of unions to workers under the so-called “employer free speech” doctrine. As Justice Learned Hand noted with regard to employer free speech, “[w]hat to an outsider will be no more than the vigorous presentation of a conviction, to an employee may be the manifestation of a determination which it is not safe to thwart.” Sure enough, Kate Bronfenbrenner and others have shown that employers have often used their “free speech” rights to engage in systematic campaigns of threats and intimidation explicitly designed to frustrate workers’ attempts to organize.
“California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard establishes an unworkable program that will not meet its goals,” Chevron spokesman Brent Tippen said in an interview. “The Air Resources Board should undertake an immediate and accelerated review of the program and make fundamental changes to its design and the timing of its implementation.”
New project management articles published on the web during the week of August 22 – 28. And this week’s video: the late designer Bill Moggridge explains interaction design, one of the concepts used to design application software for the first laptop computer, the GRiD Compass. John Ellenby, who founded GRiD Systems in 1979, passed away this week. I was proud to work in GRiD’s federal systems division back in the 1980’s.
The goal of sonic treatment for movies and television is, in a way, to convince you that it doesn’t exist. Sure, we all have our favourite movie themes firmly implanted in our memories, but part of our appreciation for such music resides in the fact that it doesn’t get in the way of the story – it compliments the action, in some way strengthening our emotional connection with the scene. All the other sounds are designed to maintain the suspension of disbelief essential in conveying the plot to the audience.
It’s important to shed light on these recording techniques. The audio world is a broad spectrum and it’s interesting to remember that sound can be designed to disappear into the background in service of the greater good. This doesn’t make the art any less deliberate or considered though. It’s created to be incidental, but it’s still created.
So surely, those who suffered horrendous miscarriages of justice would at least receive compensation? Not a murmur! Not even an apology! Worse still, I'd like to bet 19 out of 20 people still believe 6 million Jews died in the Holocaust! It matters not that the official figure has been revised. This is the beauty of owning the media - YOU MAKE THE NEWS! Not one Zionist has been made to answer for this outrageous lie even though they've been well and truly found out. They know if they impose a blanket boycott on a news item, even one that in normal circumstances would qualify as a fully-fledged front page headline, it's almost as if it never happened. And the Chutzpah that's derived from this ungodly power to pull the wool over everyone's eyes - it's business as usual - full steam ahead! The Zionists won't stop. Sure enough, now they have the gall to coerce the UN into initiating a universal ban on anti-Semitism! This is beyond the pale. Freedom of speech is a fundamental right. Our right! Laws justifiably are designed to punish wrong-doing ie human actions. Anyone responsible for ushering in a law that curtails thought or speech IS A CRIMINAL - PERIOD!
* To further engage with small business, nonprofit and government partners on design and implementation of the fee.
While Aphelion will launch their own ux/ui, being an open source project they encourage the development of new and custom ux/ui’s. This will allow others to build and design different interfaces to maximize the end-user experience leveraging the Aphelion protocol. Aphelion is unique in this sense, not only will Aphelion build and design a superior ui/ux, they encourage their community to build their own custom off chain interface. This results in a huge win for traders – we get choice.
The lunar module was a whimsically ugly machine. That’s what happens when you can design a vehicle strictly for functionality with no concern for the aerodynamic sleekness that is necessary when you’re flying through the atmosphere. Here, the Apollo XI LEM has separated from the command module and hangs, seemingly upside down (though there is no upside down in space) before the camera of Michael Collins, left alone in the command module. The rods extending from the foot pads are contact probes. When one of them touched the lunar surface, the contact light would flash on in the cockpit, telling the commander to cut the engine.
If there was one sight that could make an Apollo astronaut nervous, it was this. The Earth in this image from Apollo XI looks dauntingly far away and the lunar module—which appears to have been stapled together from sheet metal—seems barely up to the task of making the trip off the surface. In fact it was more than capable, and its lightweight design was one of the thing that made it so flight-worthy. Only the top half of the lander—the silver section, here photographed from behind—would lift off from the moon. The bottom portion—the mostly gold colored struts and legs—would serve as a launch platform and remain behind.
To further increase the performance of the system, a programmer can make use of hardware instructions exposed by languages like C/C++. The programmer avoids locking a mutex. This completely alters the design of the system. The technique is called lockless programming. It is considered very advanced, and is best avoided by application developers. This post attempts to explain the basics of lockless programming. Lockless programming techniques are used by device driver writers, compiler writers. It is also used in ultra low-latency systems and in a few operating system kernel modules. From an application developer’s perspective, the only benefit of lockless programming is that there is no chance of a deadlock!
You may choose to start digging from here: And you, here: http://www.answers.com/topic/pearl-harbor-advance-knowledge-debate We knew that attacks could come at Midway or Pearl. Evidence shows that FDR may have never seen more indicative reports. Author Stinnett had a book to write, which reads like a kind of "grassy knoll", designed to make money. At Pearl, we weren't altogether asleep: a mini-sub was sunk earlier that morning, and they were known to be launched from submarines. I'd call it Denial. BTW: I've traveled via the SS Lurline.
It also has a garden area south of the main residence that takes it design cues from the Dumbarton Oaks estate in Washington D.C., a listing agent previously told DNAinfo Chicago.
Right from the start, a candidate who wants to become a Space Marine must undergo a harsh and brutal series of tests designed to weed out the weak and infirm. This is identical to my own difficult life, where I needed to catch the bus to the Games Workshop store and the bus would sometimes be late. Also there was that one time I needed $60 to buy a new unit of Marines but I only had $50 and the manager wouldn’t let me have it no matter how I complained. This is something women could not possibly understand.
Our modern software-based technical espionage often produces amazing intelligence, but this product appears to be a side effect. The fundamental design of these systems is insecure because they are based upon the needs of Deep State bureaucracy, which has its own priorities.
Powered by four turboprop engines, the Model 1211-J was a colossus—160 feet long with a wingspan of 227 feet, about the size of the Convair behemoth it was to replace. It was designed around a new 43,000-pound conventional bomb but could carry nuclear weapons as well. It could also carry its own fighter escorts, as parasites under its immense wings. A variety of fighter types were suggested, including Douglas' new ogival-wing jet, the F4D Skyray. The fighters' jet engines were to be powered up to assist the carrier bomber during takeoff; refueling of the fighters was to take place while they were stowed on the mothership's underwing pylons.
By including so many options, the Model 1211-J's designers tried to make the bomber a paragon of multi-tasking self-sufficiency. They had hoped to sell the Air Force not just a single bomber but a family of aircraft, with a variety of airframes to choose from, including custom options and mission-specific add-ons. But would asking so much of the 1211-J compromise its ability to do its main job: put bombs on target? "I've always been a minimalist in aircraft design," says aerospace historian and author Dick Hallion. "When you take a look at this Douglas design, there's a lot of frou-frou. There are a lot of things here that wouldn't work out well operationally. There are a lot of issues that make turboprops unreliable: gearbox issues, shafting issues, the propellers themselves. These are all complex problems that need to be worked out." And even if Douglas engineers could have solved the 1211-J's problems, the bomber's fussy design would have made it a maintenance nightmare.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
The little tuft of hair on the top of Ahlbi’s head is meant to resemble Maya’s top knot, and shows a point of intersection between the cultures of the Kingdom of Khura’in and Kurain Village. There are a number of these shared traits between the cultures of Khura’in and Kurain Village sprinkled throughout the game and in the designs of the characters, so keep your eyes peeled as you play and see how many you can find! Words like "Your Benevolence" and "Your Magistry" are titles we use to substitute for the fact that in English, you call people by titles to show rank and respect. The word “magistry” is not a real word, but a mashup we created of “majesty” and “magistrate” to give the judge an aura of authority in his courtroom.
And finally, there seems to be some confusion as to where the Kingdom of Khura’in is, with some people thinking it’s in the Middle East! But while it seems like a paradox, this magic trick is quite easy to solve with the help of our friend Klavier Gavin. Athena: あ！牙琉のサインだ！ (A! Garyu no sain da!) “Oh, サイン (sain)!” you might say. That’s the English word “sign”! Well, let’s see what happens if you translate that sentence as “Ah! It’s a Klavier sign!” *Gavinners’ tour poster courtesy of 10 minutes and my mad 1999-era photoshopping skillz. Not exactly the result we were looking for, right? So what’s going on? This is an example of translating without cultural context. Without considering how a word is used within a specific culture, it’s easy to accidentally convey the entirely wrong idea to your target audience. (Heck, this even happens between British and American English with words like “lift” vs. “elevator” and “torch” vs. “flashlight.”) In this case, the sentence should’ve been translated as “Ah! It’s Klavier’s autograph!” Had Athena been talking about the actual sign, she would’ve said 看板 (kanban) instead since sain is only used to mean either an autograph or signature, a mathematical sine, or some sort of cue, like a sign or a signal a baseball catcher might give a pitcher. How does this relate to why アジアの西の果て (ajia no nishi no hate – lit: western edge of Asia) is officially translated in English as “the western edge of the Far East?” Because I wanted to more accurately convey where Khura’in is based on how the Japanese word ajia (アジア) is used. It’s understood among Japanese speakers that when ajia is used in daily life, and even on TV news broadcasts, they are only talking about the countries of East Asia – Japan, Korea, China, and Mongolia. As Wikipedia writers even pointed out: 日本では逆に、しばしば中近東ならびに中央アジアや南アジアを含めず、極端な場合には東南アジアも除いた東アジアのみをさすことがある。 “In contrast [to other cultures’ understandings], the general understanding in Japan is that ajia frequently does not include the Middle East, nor does it include areas like Central Asia or South Asia. In extreme cases, it doesn’t include Southeast Asia either, and only denotes the countries of East Asia.” So it turns out that the original intention of the Japanese description that was meant to be read and interpreted by a Japanese audience is only unambiguously accurate when translated as “the western edge of the Far East/East Asia,” and not “the western edge of Asia,” since even in English, the colloquial usage of “Asia” can vary from person to person and culture to culture to include (or not include) countries such as Turkey or regions such as Central Asia. But there’s actually another reason why a Japanese person would immediately think of the Himalayas and of India in conjunction with a religion like Khura’inism: the exoticism and mystery of India as the birthplace of one of the major religions of Japan – Buddhism – and the pervasiveness of stories like Journey to the West in the Japanese collective conscious. Much as how American Christians, Jews, and Muslims think of Jerusalem as the exotic and foreign birthplace of their religions, an element of mysticism has been infused with the Japanese people’s image of India through Japanese pop culture and immensely influential works like Journey to the West (西遊記, pinyin: Xī Yóu Jì) or “Saiyuki” as it’s transliterated in Japanese (no, not that “Saiyuki”...), which is the story of a monk and his supernatural companions who are on a journey to retrieve some sacred Buddhist scriptures from the Western Regions (or what one might say is “the western edge of the Far East”). India has pretty much always been considered “non-Asian” to the Japanese, since Japanese culture was historically influenced primarily by Chinese culture. So from the Japanese perspective, Indian culture is a familiar, yet utterly different and unique one compared to their own. As a comparison, think about how ancient Greek culture is one step removed from American culture, which is European influenced – it’s familiar because we know their gods and legends, like Hercules, but just far away enough through space and time for it to seem exotic. But ultimately, the reason why I know for sure that Khura’in is on the western edge of the Far East is because I spoke with Mr. Yamazaki and Mr. Fuse to confirm that that is actual region they meant to convey to their audience. ------------------------------------------------- Next Friday – well, you’ll probably be busy playing Spirit of Justice, but if you’re looking to take a break, I’ll be here to give you a look at how the game was put together – literally! It’s time to explore the programming and dramatic presentation scripting sides of Spirit of Justice, and just how we decided on the design of the game's logo. Until then! Catch up on previous blog entries here! 4.6 (4 Ratings) Report Tags: ace attorney dev blog khura'in localization phoenix wright spirit of justice
Now it will be up to Keenum to lead the Texans next week against the Jaguars, a must-win game for the Texans if they have designs on playing more than 16 games.
So, although I did not love the extreme violence of “Atomic Blonde” nor its clunky plot set-up and reveal, I loved the panache of its design and wild choreography of its fight scenes. That’s always what gets me: pure choreography, like a brutal ballet, motivated by the narrative. Which should make me a fan of Asian martial-arts films, but I confess I have a gaping hole in my film knowledge there, though I adore what Jackie Chan films I have seen (that man is a genius). One of my favorite moments in the very silly “Rumble in the Bronx” is when Chan does battle from within an abandoned refrigerator. That was cleverer to me than anything I saw in the much more renowned “Drunken Master” films (which, granted, are better actual movies). And Chan would be nowhere without Bruce Lee (and Buster Keaton). Lee’s “Enter the Dragon” is a delight, for sure. I am not such a fan of “wire fu,” however: those films where the characters can fly. It takes the fun out of it, for me.
Read next: Kevin Rose’s North mobile design studio is building an app for sharing tiny disappearing photos
In 1999 cryptographer Ron Rivest published an encrypted text that was designed to take 35 years to break. 18 years later it is still unbroken.
Ron Rivest published this challenge on the occasion of the 35th birthday of MIT’s Laboratory for Computer Science (LCS) in 1998. This puzzle is designed to take approximately 35 years to solve. It is therefore referred to as “LCS35 challenge” or “LCS35 cryptogram”. I wrote my first blog article about it in 2014 (in German).
Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way that the 3-bettor can not exploit Hero in these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.
In this article we'll design so-called optimal strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:
Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.
The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based on your own opening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).
Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. We could conceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.
It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also playing perfectly. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a defensive strategy, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will win more by switching to an exploitative strategy, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.
But be cautious when you adjust to spazzy and unpredictable opponents. Remember that your optimal 3bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies are designed to protect you, and there is nothing a maniac can do to exploit you in these scenarios, even if he raises and reraises at every opportunity. If you see concrete adjustments you can make to win more, go for it, but be careful if you tilt easily (preflop raising wars have a tendency to trigger tilt). Then you might be better off sticking to optimal play against hyper-aggressive opponents, let the ranges do the work for you. You can use your focus to terrorize the passive and easily exploitable players instead.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
This finding was supported both by analysis of patterns on surviving structures, and by examination of 15th-century Persian scrolls. However, we have no indication of how much more the architects may have known about the mathematics involved. It is generally believed that such designs were constructed by drafting zigzag outlines with only a straightedge and a compass. Templates found on scrolls such as the 97-foot- (29.5 metres) long Topkapi Scroll may have been consulted. Found in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire and believed to date from the late 15th century, the scroll shows a succession of two- and three- dimensional geometric patterns. There is no text, but there is a grid pattern and color-coding used to highlight symmetries and distinguish three-dimensional projections. Drawings such as shown on this scroll would have served as pattern-books for the artisans who fabricated the tiles, and the shapes of the girih tiles dictated how they could be combined into large patterns. In this way, craftsmen could make highly complex designs without resorting to mathematics and without necessarily understanding their underlying principles.[7]
Geometric construction of an interlocking decagram-polygon mosaic design [ edit ]
An interlocking decagram-polygon mosaic design
An interlocking decagram-polygon mosaic design
An interlocking decagram-polygon mosaic design
An interlocking decagram-polygon mosaic design
The hackers also stole plans related to other missile interceptors, including the Arrow 3, which was designed by Boeing and other U.S.-based companies.
One last time ”” calling all “Collect ’em all”-ers: In case you missed it last week, I’m taking a show of hands to see how many of you have purchased all seven of the UnI Watch T-Shirt Club’s designs so far. Knowing how many people are eligible for the year-end prize will help me determine what the prize will be. So if you’ve collected ’em all so far (and didn’t already check in last week), please use this link to shoot me a note. Thanks.
As always, you can order your own custom-designed membership card here, you can see all the cards we’ve designed so far here, and you can see how we make the cards here.
In the 1950s, the Grant family built up an onsite infrastructure that included coppersmiths to maintain the copper stills, and a dedicated cooperage that is now one of the very few remaining in distilleries.[9] In 1956 the Grant's brand launched the now-iconic triangular bottle, designed by Hans Schleger.[10]
Virtual Reality was first introduced two decades ago but failed to engage consumers due to the lack of technologies, expensive hardware and limited software, making its application costly, its scope small and its implementation highly inefficient and unfeasible. Fast forward to the present: updated emerging technologies, innovative software and design developments, global infrastructure… In conjunction with a globally competitive market and innumerable talented app developers, virtual reality is finally making a strong comeback.
Durability, compatibility, affordability - all of which was taken into account into our initial design considerations. From there onwards, We have gone through several sketches and concepts, all undergoing several prototyping phases - updating the design, reducing the weight, reusability, ease of use - to come out with our launched version. A sturdier, more comfortable VR headset that is future proof - compatible with multiple phone sizes - so even if you upgrade your phone, chances are, you can still use the XG VR.
But things do not stop there: Further improvement and upgrades will still continue. Any time during the kickstarter campaign, we will continue to hear your opinions, and integrate them into future design considerations which may help for the improvements to the final product.
The ATI request was sent to Heritage Canada, which worked closely with Parks Canada and Veterans Affairs on the design and construction of the memorial.
Those elements included the Foundation lacking sufficient funding, disagreement over the funding for construction and maintenance, and the lack of a “definitive final design plan.”
Just blocks away is St. Paul Catholic School, designed to hold 447 students, but currently less than half full.
Design. There's software and hardware design, said Ballmer. User interface is critical and there are a number of people focused on it. On the hardware side, Nokia will bring expertise to the table. Windows does form the center of design and interaction principles. Microsoft also has a design guide that all applications follow, said Ballmer.
By design the porn industry is often to be found at the extremes of the human race's moral compass. So recently, when one industry man began a campaign with a stated aim of bringing the cyberlocker market to its knees, one might expect things to have gotten a little dirty. Well they have - absolutely filthy - just ask Putlocker, ExtaBit, TurboBit and a growing list of others, all victims of a concerted operation to strangle their finances and put them out of business.
Unlike traditional attacks, the dark DDoS attacker is unlikely to try and bring the target down altogether in a catastrophic flood of traffic. Taking it offline would work against the attack. Instead, the characteristics of dark DDoS attacks often differ from the big-splash volumetric attacks that we sometimes see hitting companies, warned Bogdan Botezatu, senior e-threat analyst at Bitdefender. They are often sub-1Gbit/sec attacks, he said, designed to generate a large number of events and effectively masking a breach.
"The danger in partial link saturation attacks is not the ‘denial of service’ as the acronym describes, but the attack itself," according Dave Larson, COO Corero Network Security. “The attack is designed to leave just enough bandwidth available for other sophisticated multi-vector attacks with data exfiltration as the main objective, to fly in under the radar, while the distracting DDoS attack consumes resources."
“Considering that this technique dodges common DDoS mitigation techniques that are designed to deal with volumetric traffic, it’s safe to assume that Dark DDoS should be considered a serious threat,” Botezatu said.
ESPN columnist Howard Bryant chimed in, noting: “Baseball is a white man’s game and is so by the specific design of the people who run it.”
Dr. Schwartz thinks that treatment of uveal melanoma will ultimately involve rational drug design and a combination of drugs, similar to the approach used to combat HIV infection. “In preclinical studies, we’ve shown that when a MEK inhibitor was combined with an Akt inhibitor, which affects another cancer-related pathway, the results were better than when using MEK alone,” he said.
“Overall,” Dr. Schwartz added, “the study underscores the importance of rational drug design, in which drugs are designed to interact with specific molecular pathways involved in a particular disease. This is a huge improvement over chemotherapy, which is basically a blanket approach to cancer that does not directly address the underlying biology.”
“Because JavaScript is single-threaded, that means if you have any long-running work it has to happen asynchronously for your app to remain responsive or it would just block and your browser would freeze,” said Anders Hejlsberg, the lead architect of C# and now also a core developer for Microsoft’s TypeScript transpiler for JavaScript. So the JavaScript runtime libraries and all the frameworks are designed such that they only have asynchronous ways of doing things. If you want to do an expensive operation like an XML HTTP request, you don’t get to block and await for the result; you get to supply a callback that calls you back later with the result.”
According to the document, a federal program designed to prevent teen pregnancy “needs to be defunded as it has not worked, there is no positive evidence and some negative evidence.” Teen pregnancy in the U.S. just reached its lowest point since records were initially kept. So have abortion rates. That means that teens are either having much less sex than they were before or are not getting pregnant in the first place. Experts believe that the drop in teen fertility and abortion rates is due to greater availability of long term birth control and comprehensive sex education. What the government has done to bring us to this point is absolutely effective.
The design of the top charts went through several iterations. We started out with slope charts showing how the student population of different demographics had changed at different types of schools over the last 35 years. Fitting the white percentages on common scales was tricky, so we switched to showing the difference between percent admissions and population.
I tried a couple of other approaches to differentiate the design a little. A radial chart, an area chart showing the max/min ice extent over time, a variation on that also showing the 25%/median/75% extent and one with a gradient. I think the area charts do an effective job showing the trend, but a wiggling line chart is a more compelling form that doesn’t require as much explanation so we kept it.
I don’t think I’ve ever made anything as richly annotated as the desktop version of Derek’s chart. Even with swoopy-drag, incorporating text and leader lines is much easier in illustrator than in code (he uses five styles of lines!). And responsive design is an even bigger obstacle. The mobile charts are basically the same, but we didn’t add anything on wider screens.
(TNS) -- The U.S. Senate has crowned the Federal Aviation Administration the nation’s drone regulator, saying federal laws covering everything from safety to design pre-empt any enacted by states and localities.
Bill Fawcett & Associates has packaged and edited over 400 Science Fiction novels, two Navy SEALs histories and other military titles. He co-authored Mycroft Holmes Mysteries and has written numerous non-fiction books, many on great mistakes in Hhistory. He was a founder of Mayfair Games and still designs board and computer games.
Bob Pendarvis taught the very first comics and animation illustration classes at the Savannah College of Art and Design, going on to create the school's Sequential Art BFA and MFA programs. He is currently working on a series of art education graphic novels designed to inspire girls to be artists.
I think the biggest design decision is the CPU cooler vs PSU. If you want the SFF PSU like the Silverstone, you will need a cooler that is about 3-4mm smaller that the Zalman. If i ever have power issues i may look at this but so far, its been great.
The Block III subs, now under construction, are being built with new so-called Virginia Payload Tubes designed to lower costs and increase missile-firing payload possibilities, Navy officials explained.
Also, for Block V construction, the Navy is planning to insert a new 70-foot-long section designed to house additional missile capability. In fact, the Navy's Capabilities Development Document, or CDD, for what's called the Virginia Payload Modules is finished up and approved by the Pentagon’s Joint Requirements Oversight Council, Goggins said.
Danish-headquartered decentralized exchange (DEX) OpenLedger has received seed funding to the tune of Dkr11 million (c.$1.6m) from a group of Chinese, American and European investors after a recent tour of blockchain and cryptocurrency events in the U.S., China and South Korea designed partly to sound out and attract potential crypto investors.
Add to that Chinese ICOs and their tokens are to be added to the OpenLedger's DEX, which is designed for high-speed transactions. To date some twenty Initial Token Offerings (ITOs), Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) and their tokens are supported by OpenLedger’s ecosystem.
“Each app portfolio is designed to ensure that every app included within it is supporting all the others through regularly scheduled updates, highly visible cross promotion, and a high standard of quality,” Boesing said.
One of the key features that distinguishes ISIS from other extremist groups is the way its network of online followers and supporters around the world use social media in the way the platform was designed to work, to have two way conversations. Consider the case of “Alex” a 23-year old woman from rural Washington State, profiled by The New York Times in the summer of 2015, who was a target recruit for the Islamic State. Her story provides a chilling illustration of the group’s reach and the persistence of its messaging. For most in the West, ISIS is a menacing phantom, a headline, and news clip. For some like Alex, ISIS was a constant and familiar entity. She reports how one of the group’s supporters named Faisal, “became her nearly constant companion, spending hours each day with her on Twitter, Skype and email, painstakingly guiding her through the fundamentals of the faith.”
The Asgardia Project Team will comprise a collaborative, multi-disciplinary effort from leading experts around the globe which it is envisaged will grow over time as the project evolves. But as well as expert involvement in the project, Asgardia is looking to capture the wider public imagination by crowd-sourcing key aspects of the missions and involving members of the public in competitions – for example, to help design the nation's flag, insignia and other symbols of nationhood.
Bravin gives a bit too much credit to the Supreme Court for standing up to the Bush administration's assault on the writ of habeas corpus. While the court dutifully held that Guantanamo prisoners were entitled to challenge their incarceration via the writ, its prescription for the content of habeas hearings was rather watered down. But this is a minor quibble in the face of a remarkable job by one of the news media's most persistent reporters on matters of law and national security. Bravin penetrated a system designed for railroading prisoners in near-total secrecy, and he demonstrated the persistence of many ordinary—and some extraordinary—Americans’ visceral devotion to such quaint notions as the presumption of innocence and the rule of law.
Within every Remington primer is a group of subcomponents assembled to exceptionally tight tolerances. Primer cup dimensions are controlled to .0001", and the priming mix is specially formulated for consistent ignition with a wide variety of powder types. Primers are tested for reliability from -20 degrees F to +150 degrees F. The unique tripod anvil design creates a larger strike area with maximum sensitivity, even with off center firing pin strikes.
This 6-1/2 Small Rifle primer is primarily designed for use in the 22 Hornet.
J1649+2635 is a "grand design spiral," meaning it shows well-defined spiral arms emanating in unbroken lengths from the center. In that respect it resembles the Milky Way, also a spiral, and conforms to one of the main established galaxy types.
After talking with Denis for quite a while, it was evident that he was someone that stood behind his product. He had designed Garadget on his own to meet the same need that I had when I first got into smart homes: wanting to know whether or not I closed the damn garage door before I left.
The drug collection program was designed for residents to turn over to police expired and unused prescription drugs for safe and proper disposal. After Yorkville police officials became suspicious that some drugs that had been turned in were missing, they asked the Illinois State Police to do an investigation.
A developer will break ground before the end of the year on New York City's first building full of micro-apartments, an attempt to adapt NYC's housing stock to its growing number of small households. While those micro-apartments don't yet exist, the Museum of the City of New York is already considering all things micro-housing with "Making Room," an exhibition devoted to new housing models for the city. The exhibit's centerpiece is a 325-square-foot apartment designed by Pierluigi Colombo, and for the next 24 hours, starting right now, the Curbed editors will be liveblogging from that micro-apartment. We'll be chatting with museum visitors, talking to experts about small-space living, and dissecting what it's really like to live in an apartment of this size (which is actually larger than some of the planned units in the city's development). Want to check out the space? Come visit us during museum hours, until 6 p.m. today or between 10 a.m. and noon tomorrow. Find part 1 of our chronicles below, or skip ahead to part 2, and round it out with part 3 and our grand wrap-up.
12:21 p.m.: The actual micro-units being built by the city will be between 250 and 370 square feet, below the current city minimum of 400 square feet. The microunit in the museum is designed by Clei, an Italian company, with customized furniture.
2:34 p.m.: Several guests have noted that the bathroom feels oversized for the unit, but because of ADA compliance laws, it's the smallest size allowed for bathrooms in new developments. The bathroom is also the most expensive room in the unit because it's designed by Philippe Starck:
Peter Sloterdijk has argued that the anthropocene “paves the way for a fundamental change in attitude whereby human beings lose their status as would-be ‘lords and masters’ of nature and become atmosphere designers and climate guardians.” 12 The Pope gives a similar message stating that ““our “dominion” over the universe should be understood more properly in the sense of responsible stewardship.”13 With the anthropocene, the ability to design the world has been placed in human hands. The climate crisis is not only an ecological event, but also a socio-political crisis which means that human design pervades into this realm as well. Creation care cannot be separated from issues of economic or social oppression. Thus, when designing a response to the climate crisis one must consider the social, economic and political in addition to the ecological.
Pope Francis’s call for stewardship incorporates the intersectional nature of climate change. The stewardship of Francis’s design is inseparable from communion with all of creation. This is “the conviction that we need one another, that we have a shared responsibility for others and the world”14 which is expressed in a communitarian embrace of love. Paragraph 231 describes the solution to capitalism and individualism as a “civilization of love” in which “social love moves us to devise larger strategies to halt environmental degradation and to encourage a “culture of care” which permeates all of society.”15 A community where love takes precedence over greed and individualism, and where domination is not seen as ownership, but as care. Rather than a disconnected ownership with all creatures of the earth, Francis suggests that “It also entails a loving awareness that we are not disconnected from the rest of creatures, but joined in a splendid universal communion.”16 One might go so far as to suggest that Francis is advocating a design in which Dasein is being in loving community with all of being.
Yet, despite Francis’s advocacy for communion with all of creation, his writing retains an anthropocentric or human centric assumption. Francis argues that part of God’s design for the earth contains a provision that “Each community can take from the bounty of the earth whatever it needs for subsistence, but it also has the duty to protect the earth and to ensure its fruitfulness for coming generations.”17 Thus, while Pope Francis argues against dominion and ownership over the earth, his message of stewardship is still centred in a preservation of the earth for future humanity. Futhermore, despite his talk of stewardship and communion, the text retains at least some notion of dominion: “We are not God. The earth was here before us and it has been given to us.”18 The move away from damaging authoritarianism to a communitarian society retains a hierarchical notion of humanity as guardian or steward above those which they are guardian or steward of. Francis’s community retains the human at its centre and stewardship is presented as sustainability and preservation of the earth for humans.
The retention of the human centre is problematic because it retains a notion that earth and the creatures upon earth belong to humanity. Thus, when we talk about sustainability, it is centred on how to design the world so that it is beneficial to humans. In his recent New York Times opinion piece, “Against ‘Sustainability’” Jeremy Butman argues for an adaptable design rather than a conservational design. In order to do this Butman begins by discussing the lineage of the environmental movement. Traditionally, environmentalism is seen as coming out of 18th century romanticism, and Butman does not disagree. The traditional narrative suggests that Descartes, in his reduction of “nature” to mathematics, opens the door for a scientific, technological worldview which “cleared the way for the domination of nature by industry and prepared philosophy for Nietzsche’s dramatic declaration of the death of God.”19
Both Pope Francis, Jeremy Butman, and Rosi Braidotti stress the important of a communality within their articulation of how to respond to the anthropocene. The difference between their responses is that Pope Francis favours the negation of change while Butman and Braidotti strive for the affirmation of it. Both recognize the ability of humans to design and shape the world, but while Francis centres his design on humanism where humans act upon the world, Butman and Braidotti goes beyond to a community of posthuman actors acting upon one another. In striving for community, all three thinkers stress the important of being with in community. In a sense, the community is able to work together in what Sloteridjk might label a co-immunizing force.31 For Pope Francis, this results in a communitarian movement of return. For Rosi Braidotti, it results in a zoe-centric egalitarianism which affirms the anthropocene and attempts to adapt the world to new rhythms and flows. In either case, there is a need for the creation of design strategies for interaction within the community. For Pope Francis this creativity requires “an ecological conversion can inspire us to greater creativity and enthusiasm in resolving the world’s problems,”32 for Butman it requires new adaptability, and for Braidotti it means the creation of new rhythms and flows which repeat throughout being. In all of these there is a desire for creation.
Since my sympathies lie with Braidotti, my conclusions will as well, but I don’t think that they are so far divorced from the humanism of Pope Francis that a bridge cannot be seen at some point in the distance. How is it that we, Christians or otherwise, should respond to the anthropocene? Through affirmation! By affirming that we play – within a community of interrelated multiple others – a role in the design process of new worlds, we must affirm and encourage creation and adaption of new designs that push forward an zoe-egalitarianism which has at its focus a love of being. This means developing new creative ways of circumnavigating capitalism in order to benefit the earth and those on it. This might also mean moving away from certain practices that do not fit within the new affirmative rhythms.
His trial in the robbery case was among the first at the new $185 million federal courthouse opened just one week ago in downtown Salt Lake City next door to a century-old federal courthouse. The towering building is designed to withstand blasts and also contains bulletproof glass in some areas.
Commissioner Blane Sanchez, the lone “no” vote, said he had reservations about the project because too little design work has been done to fully understand the costs. “It hasn’t been fully vetted,” Sanchez said.
The decision starts a complex set of next steps for the project, which has been a decade in the making. The federal government already has allocated $68 million for southwestern New Mexico water projects, some of which can be spent now on design work for the diversion project. By voting “yes,” the state could get access to an additional $62 million if the diversion project proceeds to construction.
Critics said the money spent in design work and environmental reviews in the coming years will be wasted, because it already is clear that the project makes no economic sense.
But here’s the thing: when Luckey says all he wants to do is to see VR exist, he seems to mean it. On his Twitter feed, he regularly endorses rival products: the new, more powerful Playstation earned a “This is good for VR!”, even though it was designed for Sony's competitor headset. In the early days of Oculus, Luckey planned to sell the blueprints to the Rift for enthusiasts to build themselves. Even after all this time, he appears to feel the same way. He’s heading towards the promised land of science-fiction, where all conflicts will be resolved and we will have freedom to do whatever we want.
The discussion in the thread for the upcoming Calgary Central Library inspired this article, with Calgarians proudly proclaiming the new facility among the best in the country. As the first pieces of cladding now appear, it's increasingly hard to argue with that position. With DIALOG, Norwegian architecture specialists Snøhetta have designed the under-construction building, adding to their list of bold and imaginative civic spaces. With an active LRT line piercing the base, and wood-laden interiors glowing with warmth, the library will become an instant icon in Calgary and a model for how buildings should interact with and integrate their surroundings.
The central branch of Vancouver's Public Library system is anchored to the downtown core by a nine-storey rectangular box, which is hidden by a striking elliptical colonnade that houses diverse reading and study sections. A glass-roofed concourse bridges the gap between the two distinct structures, forming a grand entrance and animated pedestrian strip on the ground. The Colosseum-like building was the largest capital project undertaken by the City of Vancouver, and after a favourable public referendum, Moshe Safdie and DA Architects won the design competition for the development. An attached office highrise and an eclectic mix of retail and restaurants are also provided on the block, which was completed in 1995.
The 2011-built Surrey City Centre Library is the second entry on this list from British Columbia. Replacing the Whalley Public Library, the Bing Thom Architects-designed complex forms part of a larger revitalization initiative undertaken in the downtown core. Awarded LEED Gold certification, the $36 million CAD project captures 7,200 square metres of usable space across four floors, though much of this space was not dedicated simply to standard book collections. Rather, the focus is on the reading and study spaces, which are arranged around a winding atrium culminating with two skylights. Illustrating the power of technology and social media, the building's modern architecture was heavily influenced by the needs and desires of the public, who were engaged through Facebook, Twitter, and Flickr throughout the design process.
Canadians would be wise to pay a visit to their local library and discover everything it has to offer. From an architecture standpoint, the fusion between design and flexible educational spaces has spurred some truly amazing places that are worthy of in-person admiration. With Calgary's promising new library taking shape, the bar has certainly been set high for robust civic spaces in Canada.
Last year, Australian father and son Stuart and Cedar Anderson invented a new bee hive design that allows beekeepers to harvest honey without disturbing bees. The Honey Flow is uniquely designed with a partial honeycomb frame and a specialized built-in tap that carefully extracts the honey and allows it to drain directly out of the hive, leaving the bees to continue their work.
Kinect is the main gateway to Xbox One's media functions - without it, we're left with a piece of hardware that looks more like the set-top box replacement it was designed to be rather than a state-of-the-art next-generation games console.
"The leaked 2010 'Xbox 720' document reveals that the pack-in Kinect and the media strategy were in place some time before the core Xbox One design was finalised."
A lot changed in the final Xbox One design, of course. The fact that Microsoft was still debating whether to use ARM or x86 cores demonstrates that the internal discussion took place some time before the hardware was finalised. Xbox 360 backwards compatibility never happened, a mooted modular design that could have led to an upgradable console was shelved (but patents were applied for), OnLive was never acquired and cloud streaming functionality is unlikely to appear on Xbox One any time soon.
But much of the discussed spec made it to the final product - eight x86 cores, ESRAM, a cool and quiet set-top box design and of course the second-gen Kinect. The $50 budget per unit for the main processor sounds about right and even the 120W power envelope mooted in the leaked document was actualised in the final design. But more important than specifics in hardware detail is the overall vision for what the box should be capable of - gaming had to co-exist with media and apps in order to appeal to the broadest possible audience and Kinect was omnipresent in Microsoft's thinking. We can't help but wonder what Sony's equivalent 2010 document would look like. We suspect it would be nothing like this.
"The notion of a multimedia set-top box dominated Microsoft's thinking, defining the core design of the machine - a legacy that may impact its new role as a more traditional console."
What happened next was a mixture of changing market conditions, a stunning revitalisation in Sony's fortunes and poor decision-making on Microsoft's part. The Xbox 720 document points towards a $299 price point - the sweet spot that had served the PlayStation and its successor so well - but the ambition of Microsoft's design along with the need to break even on hardware brought about a $499/£429 sticker price that killed off any idea of Xbox One going mainstream at launch, especially with Sony coming in much cheaper with PS4. Meanwhile, Kinect for gaming simply ran out of ideas on Xbox 360 - it was a one-year flash in the pan, third parties deserted it and, remarkably, even Microsoft itself failed to back the second-gen Kinect with must-have exclusive games for the Xbox One launch.
From a gaming perspective, Kinect wasn't a well-supported device, so moving away from it feels like the best decision Microsoft could have made, but in many respects Xbox One now comes across as a machine designed around a series of concepts that are no longer relevant, elements of its core identity whittled away piece by piece. Microsoft made the decision to trade raw gaming power for a more rounded entertainment concept, sinking enormous amounts of time, money and effort into technologies that much of the userbase never used and that future buyers are even less likely to experience - and we're not just talking about Kinect.
Always online, always connected, designed to be left on for 10 years: this was a significant challenge with much time, effort and engineering sunk into it - now pretty much irrelevant as Xbox One becomes more games console than media centre. The HDMI input and passthrough remains, but doesn't work as well without voice control, while centralised control of your TV and sound system is now gone without Kinect. The innovative multi-OS virtual machine set-up is a breathtaking technological achievement, but always came across as unwieldy in action and now falls by the wayside in general usage now that the voice input has gone. Out of the box, the Kinect-free Xbox One is really no more of a media centre than its predecessor - and we can't help wonder whether all that time, effort and energy would have been better spent making the best games console possible instead.
The substances in a given system are those entities crucial from the teleological or design perspective of that system. ‘Crucial’ means that other things exist either to constitute them or to provide a context of operations for them.
At the same time, the Obama administration has proposed overhauling Medicare Part B, which covers injected and infused medicines. The plan, which faces widespread opposition from physicians, is designed to emphasize greater use of lower-cost generics by lowering the amount of reimbursements that doctors would receive for more expensive, brand-name treatments.
Genentech, by the way, has also irritated many hospitals by shifting distribution for Herceptin and other medications to specialty wholesalers in late 2014. At the time, the drug maker claimed the move was designed to save money, but hospitals have complained bitterly that the distribution change deprived them of standard discounts, an issue that Comanche also raises in its lawsuit.
The first $10,000 goes to Sourabh Kapoor – the only participant to fully implement the design specified in our contest announcement. His app Unofficial IM App for Telegram provides all of the required functions, however, as a ported app, it lacks speed and its interface isn't quite responsive.
media_camera Damien Macrae and his son Aiden are campaining to have sun safe lego made up (they have designs with life savers with sunscreen on etc) they need 10,000 votes to make there idea a reality. Picture: Craig Wilson
“While we are continuing to finalize the design of the new OSG, we expect the total cost to be in line with the $1.3 billion we currently invest in student financial assistance,” Belinda Bien, a spokesman for Training, Colleges and Universities Minister Reza Moridi, said in an e-mail.
The layout and design options are flexible, but not quite at the level of Word 2007. For example, if you select a 'banded' table style, and insert or delete rows, the banding does not automatically adjust; you must select the table and re-apply the style.
Base provides a functional set of database design and formatting tools. Some of the interface elements, such as query creation, are not entirely intuitive. There were some oddities that are sensible in retrospect, but don't call themselves out to a user: For example, switching a text field from "single line" to "multi line with formatting" disconnected it from the underlying database field (a long text field), because formatted text requires a binary field. I'd have appreciated a warning or error message.
“Once mass production is under way,” the People’s Daily paraphrases Admiral Yin as saying, “the aircraft design will be fixed other than in terms of possible changes to radar and electronic communication systems, or modernization of the engine after 10 to 15 years of service. However, the profile, basic finish, and performance standards of the aircraft have been established.”
The legislation was introduced in response to the city of Charlotte passing a local anti-discrimination law designed to protect gay and transgender people from bias, including allowing everyone to use the public bathrooms that matched their gender identity. HB2 overrode the Charlotte law, and prohibited such LGBT anti-discrimination laws statewide. The legislation also blocked local areas from raising the minimum wage above the state level.
Jackson said there had never been a single reported incident in the US of a problem with, for example, male sexual predators posing as transgender people as an excuse to enter female public restrooms and harass women and girls, as some supporters of HB2 argued was a legitimate risk the law was designed to guard against.
The Mars Habitat Unit would also include a small pressurized rover that is stored in the lower deck area and assembled on the surface of Mars. Powered by a methane engine, it is designed to extend the range over which astronauts can explore the surface of Mars out to 320 km.
The Mars Society has argued the viability of the Mars Habitat Unit concept through their Mars Analogue Research Station program. These are two or three decked vertical cylinders ~8 m in diameter and 8 m high. Mars Society Australia plans to build its own station based on the Mars Oz design.[15] The Mars Oz design features a horizontal cylinder 4.7 m in diameter and 18 m long, with a tapered nose. A second similar module will function as a garage and power and logistics module.
The bullets that pierced her body were known as Black Talon. They are so devastating in their impact on human flesh that they were withdrawn in South Africa and later re-marketed as Ranger. The Black Talon was designed to "penetrate and then mushroom" on impact, causing extensive damage.
Successful people realize the past has already happened and that moment no longer exist. If you keep dwelling in what was, you will be unable to fully be present for what is, thus negatively affecting what’s to come. If you suffered in the past, try to recognize that you are here today, and you are OK. Your past does not define you or limit what is possible for you to achieve from this moment on. Practice your freedom and power to proactively design a better future that you so deserve.
Gould recognised that voters, whose party allegiances were once firmly based on class, were becoming less ideological, more aspirational and much more fickle. They were changing, but the politicians were not. The battle to force change on the major parties was one of attrition. In the book, uber-moderniser Lord Mandelson talks of how he designed a new batch of Labour membership cards and “forgot” to include Clause IV – Labour’s historic commitment to nationalise just about everything. The party dinosaurs ordered the cards to be pulped and reprinted with the magic words.
Point 3: Notifications are a proxy for poor discovery and design
Why aren’t normal apps more like games? Why do we design to bother people rather than help them get work done?
Perhaps more importantly, why aren’t our operating systems designed this way? Video games take over the whole screen to get you to that state of flow. Why do I have all these Windows each with an equal opportunity to bother me? If I was a woodworker and my hammer started buzzing to tell me something while my screwdriver did backflips because it wanted to tell me about a screw that needed tightening? I’d never get anything done.
And he said many states don’t put their records of those adjudicated to be mentally ill into the national instant check system that is designed to screen out criminals and the mentally ill from buying guns.
When Vanishing Inc. Magic set out to design its first deck of signature brand playing cards, we had one specific goal in mind: to create the most fashion-forward, subtle, and sophisticated "look" for a deck of cards yet devised. The result is the Dapper Deck Deluxe Package, which is an attractive deck of cards crafted from the finest stock and finish, along with a matching silk tie and a 1000 thread count pocket square. Everything is packaged in a hand-painted wooden lacquer box complete with lock, practice mirror, and Dapper Deck insignia. Each package comes with a numbered, signed certificate by creators Joshua Jay and Andi Gladwin. Strictly limited to 400 units.
We consulted with two fashion industry experts to help us hone a design that would match fine suits that the stylish magicians we create for would wear. The dapper base colors are navy blue or, for more of a punch, Jerry's Nugget Orange. The details are in pastel shades of green, yellow, red, and grey, and each back design is designed to bring out the colors of your wardrobe, and accent the tie or pocket square in your ensemble.
Move over Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Snapchat and iMessage, Allo has arrived. Google’s new messaging app, Allo (pronounced aloe, not all-o), was announced in May during Google’s I/O conference. But it debuted Wednesday in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Allo is Google’s answer to the new wave of messaging apps dominated by Facebook. It’s also a coming out party for the A.I.-driven Google Assistant. Allo gives you smart reply buttons and more than two-dozen stickers to express yourself. It has a Snapchat feature that lets you send private end-to-end, encrypted messages that can be made to disappear after they've been read. Google has designs on taking down Amazon with its Google Home, Daydream and Android Instant apps.
A free time – is a great chance to suggest your ideas for a teamwork optimization and improve your soft skills. So you can try to think about ways to make your current or future products better. For example, you can help the design team or the business team come up with ideas for future releases, new features that can be added, removed or replaced. You can also observe how your colleagues work and figure out how you can help them do their jobs better.
in_question on Reddit commented “your bag is 2x too big.” After fitting everything into it, I agreed. John Gore, friend and efficiency packing aficionado, pointed out that there is a chance I might have to check my pack in some situations which is suboptimal. I bought this pack off of Craigslist for $80, but its 65 liter capacity is clearly designed for hiking through the wilderness with a sleeping bag, tent and food for three days.
Ideas + design = positive change.
PieLab’s logo — two crimp-crusted pie slices, positioned tip to tip to form a double beaker, an hourglass or some other old-school scientific apparatus — said it all. Here food wasn’t just fuel. And design wasn’t merely a way to arrange your living room furniture. Design, when applied to food, could be a catalytic force for good, even if the good wasn’t specified.
The earnestness was palpable. The Project M crew baked pie and brewed coffee. They crimped crusts with forks and piled on pears and pecans gathered and delivered by neighbors. They designed Web sites for the Hale County Humane Society and created logos for the nearby city of Northport.
Over time, the Project M folk befriended Scott Hamilton, an aspiring artist. They designed a Web site on which he posted his paintings of cities of the future, shaped like skyscraping minarets. When Charles Johnson, a regular, was in a good mood, he performed on the pine floors, moving to a line-dance routine called the Cupid Shuffle.
They ate lunches of fried whiting and fried okra at Flava, a soul-food cafe set in a brick compound one block off Main Street. And they listened as Eugene Lyles, who built the restaurant in the 1960s, told them that, back when the black-power movement was ascendant, he was an idealist, too. Weekday afternoons, they walked the town, past shuttered storefronts. At night, they sometimes played four-square games on Main Street, sidestepping pulpwood trucks as they downshifted from the highway﻿﻿. They measured success in modest exchanges. Buck and Robin Mooty, another early PieLab worker, designed and painted a new sign for Charles Johnson’s salon. In return, Johnson took Buck and Deal golfing.
PieLab, along with projects like Mission Pie in San Francisco (which employs at-risk youth and uses local ingredients for its pies), is part of an American movement to deploy food-focused initiatives, including restaurant operation and artisanal food production, to foster social change. The culinary establishment embraced PieLab. The magazine Southern Living, the prevailing arbiter of middle-class regional taste, dubbed its apple pie one of the South’s best. The James Beard Foundation named the Main Street PieLab space one of three 2010 finalists for its restaurant design award.
THREE MONTHS HAVE now passed since “the takeover.” That’s the term that Pam Dorr uses to describe the process by which she jettisoned the design side of the PieLab equation. Her technique was simple: Rather than renew some of the governmental programs under which the original crew was employed, Dorr allowed certain sources of financing to lapse. One by one, the founders departed.
However, if your app is designed to behave as the default SMS app, then while your app is not selected as the default, it's important that you understand the limitations placed upon your app and disable features as appropriate. Although the system writes sent SMS messages to the SMS Provider while your app is not the default SMS app, it does not write sent MMS messages and your app is not able to write to the SMS Provider for other operations, such as to mark messages as draft, mark them as read, delete them, etc.
Because the ability to write to the SMS Provider is restricted to the app the user selects as the default SMS app, any existing app designed purely to backup and restore SMS messages will currently be unable to restore SMS messages on Android 4.4. An app that backs up and restores SMS messages must also be set as the default SMS app so that it can write messages in the SMS Provider. However, if the app does not also send and receive SMS messages, then it should not remain set as the default SMS app. So, you can provide a functional user experience with the following design when the user opens your app to initiate a one-time restore operation:
Meister, Jan Christoph (2011). “Narratology.” Paragraph 1–81. P. Hühn et al. (eds.), the living handbook of narratology. Hamburg: Hamburg UP. 2011 ; As “a humanities discipline dedicated to the study of the logic, principles, and practices of narrative representation” (Meister → Narratology), narratology has a natural and substantial overlap with the (scientific and engineering) disciplines involved in the development of artificial intelligence systems aiming for human-like narrative behavior, as well as the (engineering and aesthetic) practices involved in the design of intelligent computer-based interfaces and game environments for interacting with narratives. In the course of developing such systems, researchers have mapped narratological constructs to computational ones and elucidated interactions among them, formulating (sometimes implicitly) theoretical and empirical approaches to narrative. Computational narratology has also been strongly influenced by linguistic theories.
fabula versus sujet (Šklovskij Šklovskij, Viktor B. (Shklovsky, Victor) ([1917] 1965). “Art as a Technique.” L. T. Lemon & M. J. Reis (eds.), Russian Formalist Criticism. Lincoln: U of Nebraska P, 3–24. [1917] 1965 ; Tomaševskij Tomaševskij, Boris (Tomashevsky) ([1925] 1971). A Theory of Literature. Letchworth: Bradda Books. [1925] 1971 ) has provided a scaffolding for much of the computational narratology work in story generation, where the fabula is usually implemented – as in Genette ( Genette, Gérard ([1972] 1980). Narrative Discourse: An Essay in Method. Ithaca: Cornell UP. [1972] 1980 ) – as the events of the entire narrative in chronological and causal order prior to any verbalization thereof, and where the sujet is the final generated output. Here events ( Propp, Vladimir ([1928] 1968, 1988). Morphology of the Folktale. 2nd edn. Austin: U of Texas P. [1928] 1968 ), e.g., Grasbon & Braun ( Grasbon, D. & N. Braun (2001). “A Morphological Approach to Interactive Storytelling.” Proceedings of Artificial Intelligence and Interactive Entertainment, CAST '01, Living in Mixed Realities, Sankt Augustin, Germany, 337–40. 2001 ); Peinado & Gervás ( Peinado, Federico & Pablo Gervás (2006). “Evaluation of Automatic Generation of Basic Stories.” New Generation Computing 24: 289–302. 2006 ) as well as those of Bremond ( Bremond, Claude (1970). “Morphology of the French Folktale.” Semiotica 2: 347–275. 1970 ), e.g., Schäfer et al. ( Schäfer, L., A. Stauber & B. Brokan (2004). “Storynet: An Educational Game for Social Skills.” S. Göbel et al. (eds.), Technologies for Interactive Digital Storytelling and Entertainment, Second International Conference, TIDSE 2004, LNCS 3105. Berlin: Springer, 148–157. 2004 ); Cavazza & Charles ( Cavazza, M. & F. Charles (2005). “Dialogue Generation in Character-based Interactive Storytelling.” AAAI First Annual Artificial Intelligence and Interactive Digital Entertainment Conference, Marina del Rey, California. 2005 ). More coarse-grained accounts of the roles of characters in plot ( Freytag, Gustav (1900). Freytag's Technique of the drama : an exposition of dramatic composition and art. Translated by Elias J. MacEwan. Chicago: Scott, Foresman. 1900 ) and the heroic quest of Campbell ( Campbell, Joseph ([1949] 1990). The Hero with a Thousand Faces. New York: Harper & Row. [1949] 1990 ), have also inspired the design of many interactive narrative systems (Mateas & Stern Mateas, M. & A. Stern (2005). “Structuring Content in the Facade Interactive Drama Architecture.” Proceedings of Artificial Intelligence and Interactive Digital Entertainment (AIIDE 2005), Marina del Rey. 2005 ; Gervás et al. Gervás, Pablo, Birte Lönneker-Rodman, Jan Christoph Meister & Federico Peinado (2006). “Narrative Models: Narratology Meets Artificial Intelligence.” Proceedings of the LREC-06 workshop Toward Computational Models of Literary Analysis, Genoa, Italy. 2006 ). In relation to the sujet, text information extraction systems (Mani et al. Mani, I., B. Wellner, M. Verhagen, C. M. Lee & J. Pustejovsky (2006). “Machine Learning of Temporal Relations.” Proceedings of the 44th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, Sydney, Australia, 753–60. 2006 ; Mani Mani, I. (2010a). The Imagined Moment. Lincoln: U of Nebraska P. 2010a ) have been able to infer Genette’s ( Genette, Gérard ([1972] 1980). Narrative Discourse: An Essay in Method. Ithaca: Cornell UP. [1972] 1980 ) temporal orderings ( Montfort, Nick (2011). “Curveship's Automatic Narrative Variation.” Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on the Foundations of Digital Games (FDG '11), 211–18, Bordeaux, France. 2011 ) have used rules that can express any of Genette’s orderings with a felicitous use of narrative voice, tense, and aspect. Research in computational narratology has absorbed and instantiated approaches from humanities narratology that specify formal and/or logical structure. The narratological differentiation ofversus(Šklovskij; Tomaševskij) has provided a scaffolding for much of the computational narratology work in story generation, where the fabula is usually implemented – as in Genette () – as the events of the entire narrative in chronological and causal order prior to any verbalization thereof, and where the sujet is the final generated output. Here → Event and Eventfulness) like other narratological constructs, are given a precise and specific computational representation, involving their participants, places and times, and in some cases their causes and effects. Focusing on fabula, algorithms to generate story have incorporated the narrative functions of Propp (), e.g., Grasbon & Braun (); Peinado & Gervás () as well as those of Bremond (), e.g., Schäfer et al. (); Cavazza & Charles (). More coarse-grained accounts of the roles of characters in plot ( → Character), such as the narrative arc of Freytag () and the heroic quest of Campbell (), have also inspired the design of many interactive narrative systems (Mateas & Stern; Gervás et al.). In relation to the sujet, text information extraction systems (Mani et al.; Mani) have been able to infer Genette’s () temporal orderings ( → Time) by having the computer learn from annotated corpora, while sentence generators such as Montfort () have used rules that can express any of Genette’s orderings with a felicitous use of narrative voice, tense, and aspect.
Hexacopters have until now been equipped mostly with cameras designed for aerial photography. Paparazzi have been known to use drones to photograph celebrities! But Chaotic Moon Studios put a Phazzer Dragon “conductive energy weapon” (a generic “Taser,” which is a brand name of TASER International) into the drone helicopter to shoot electrified darts into its targets.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
But all this misses the main point, indeed as it is cunningly designed to do. With all of the spin going on, can anybody still recall what the released Clinton emails revealed?
Well, that’s our objective, we are not there just yet, but we have designed an architecture to achieve exactly that, and we’re currently working on it.
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
As I reported previously, the first two of 12 U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II — the F-35s conventional takeoff and landing variant — arrived at Kadena Air Base, Okinawa for a six-month rotation earlier in November. “This long-planned deployment is designed to demonstrate the continuing U.S. commitment to stability and security in the region,” said in a press release.
And Jibo is being designed to recognize critical cues, like whether you're smiling or not. It might use that to decide when to snap a picture of you or other family members.
Hello all,Thanks for checking out our 15th devblog! Progress is moving along nicely on 0.10.xx. We've had some feedback and the issues found are being worked on. If you're testing 0.9.22, please share any issues you find on our tracker or come share on our Discord. Below we'll discuss a few upcoming features and exactly what the team has been working on.As we discussed a bit last week, we're having a revamp on all the current structure windows. The system in place is universal which allows us to create a prefab that we can constantly update and all in game structures are affected. Our windows have always lacked any depth beyond being able to fortify them. As with most of our features, they've been in place as a base for some time but are now getting some attention and improvements.Previously, windows had no glass, no inner structure and were just an open framed hole in the wall. We've added glass and wood cross panels.This adds a great deal of depth to a structure. It also creates an additional barrier and block for the player. Players could previously make a quick escape by jumping through an open window. Now players and zombies alike will need to deal with the glass and framework.Our current kitchens are a bit static and they're also rather massive in scale. They're original models from a way's back. The team and community felt the need for an upgrade. @Rik Konings has been hard at work re-working all of our kitchen models. We'll be introducing these in coming updates with continued design work. These kitchen cabinets and appliances/fixtures will be animated. The player will see doors open or animate slightly to add a bit of life to the world.We'll soon be introducing scrap metal piles, a plan we've had from the concept. You'll see them all around the world but mostly at starting camps (also being introduced shortly). These piles will allow the player to scavenge them for chance to pick up some scrap metal. These metal scraps will be used to create a wide variety of starting items in game including axe heads, hammer heads, machetes and the newly introduced canteen.We're reworking and properly introducing our achievement system. There's a core system in place now but it needed to be shored up and Jayty has that sorted now. You'll be seeing working achievements in upcoming builds. Our new media/design intern Ids has also begun reworking our actual achievement artwork below you can see some of his concepts and our current direction with them.Jiras workflow allows us to break what needs to be done up into bit sized pieces. Large tasks are called epics and the team will set out a large set of these to work off. Each epic may have numerous issues within. Cooking Improvements, for example, would be an epic, inside of which could be numerous ‘issues’ - Import New Cooking Grill, Create Tinder from Cloth Recipe and so on. These issues are grouped together and placed into what Jira calls a sprint. The team creates these sprints based on how many points (these points basically set a difficulty level) they feel each task or issue within will take them to resolve or develop. We typically create two week long sprints. Two of them per update with a week or two to allow for revisement.Yesterday the team finished up the 'Final Fantasy' sprint and begun work on the 'Goldeneye' sprint. Below you can see exactly what went into the coming update's first sprint, Final FantasyWe'll go over how the current sprint is going, talk a little about starting camps and discuss vehicles! Believe it or not the core of the reworked backbone for vehicles will be going in very soon (some already have). The team is reworking all things vehicles and we're very excited to get the ball rolling. Here's what we're currently poking around in, for testing purposes of course! ;)Thanks much for checking on our development of Survive the Nights and, as always, thank you for the continued support. The project has come a long way and we're excited for the coming months leading up to our public alpha release!Discord: https://discord.gg/survivethenights Forum: https://community.survivethenights.net Twitter: https://twitter.com/STNgame Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/STNgame YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/a2zinteractive Website: https://www.survivethenights.net
Thorough his keynote, Sean was conveing the message that in order to have ergonomic human interfaces, you must design your code to reflects its usage through UI. By following such a principle, one can easily come-up with good namings, semantics and grouping of your UI components.
While excellent, Kate's keynote would be very hard to summarise correctly within few paragraphs. It makes you reflect on the difficulties to introduce C++ to newcomers. You would hope that there is a subset of the language that could be easily assimilate by anyone, Kate argues that the reality is sadly more complicated than that. Just have a look at how long are the C++ core guidelines on passing parameters to function calls. One day or another, a begginer must learn on how to pass parameters with good semantics and in an optimised fashio. Well, good luck to her/him! On the other hand, it does not mean that the language could have been designed in a simpler way. What we should strive for instead might be better naming of these concepts: the acronym RAII (Resource Acquisition Is Initialization) is obviously not as straightforward as COW (Copy-on-write). Whether you are a "newbie" or the best "lead over-engineer" of your company, this talk is really worth a look!
THE ATLAS ROBOT According to Boston Dynamics, Atlas is a 'high mobility, humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor, rough terrain. 'Atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift, carry, and manipulate the environment. 'In extremely challenging terrain, Atlas is strong and coordinated enough to climb using hands and feet, to pick its way through congested spaces.'
Boston Dynamics said the video showed 'a new version of Atlas, designed to operate outdoors and inside buildings.
'It was designed to be extremely difficult.
The contest runs Friday and Saturday at a Pomona racetrack designed to look like a disaster zone.
The Carnegie Mellon University Highly Intelligent Mobile Platform, or CHIMP, is designed to primarily move like a tank using tracks to cover tough terrain.
CHIMP is designed with static stability; it won't fall down even if it experiences a computer glitch or power failure.
The stadium has approximately 14,000 on-site parking spaces (plus 12,000 adjacent spaces),[30] located in numerous lots that surround the stadium's 2,000 disabled parking spaces. The design improvement, featured for example in a Discovery program about this stadium, is zoning. Parking spaces for guests are zoned with preferred leaving directions, to achieve the fastest possible movement of traffic.[31]
For all that Batman: The Animated Series is lauded as being one of the greatest (if not the greatest) interpretations of Batman, there have been surprisingly few collectibles geared towards capturing Bruce Timm's distinctive art style. Even fewer have been based on Timm's original character designs rather than the New Batman Adventures redesigns.
If you want a statue depicting Batman in all his 1992-era animated glory, look no further than this maquette from DC's Classic Animation Series line. The pose is a little plain, but that's kind of the point of a maquette. What matters is that Timm's design has been translated perfectly to 3D. This Batman is stoic, imposing, and a fitting homage to such a great animated series. Good luck finding one for anywhere close to the original price, though.
In some ways, it's much more difficult to translate the work of Golden Age artists to 3D than it is more modern creators like Jim Lee, but Tim Bruckner delivered another winner with this sculpt. Bob Kane's cover is elegantly brought to life, and the image of Robin leaping onto the stage offers a striking design to add to your Batman collection. The various Robins aren't terribly well represented in statue form, but at least the Dynamic Duo have this piece to celebrate their partnership.
Pebble Time is 20% thinner than the original Pebble at just 9.5mm. Its ergonomic, curved design fits comfortably on either wrist and slides easily under dress shirts.
We’ve added all these new features - color screen, microphone, slimmer design and timeline - without compromising what you love most about Pebble:
The Houston Chronicle reports that Qui will open an upscale Asian eatery called Aqui (get it?) in the building at 520 Westheimer. The restaurant will focus on “wood and wok cooking,” including meats grilled on a ripping hot Josper oven, along with a raw bar and menu of cocktails. According to Eater Austin, the restaurant is being designed by A Parallel Architecture, and will feature a similar aesthetic as Kuneho, Qui’s flagship restaurant in Austin.
Charles played with a special board designed for blind players. The singer revealed in a 2002 'Chess Life' cover story that Dizzy Gillespie used to "beat the hell" out of him when they played each other.
Kickball was an "obvious choice" when members of the foundation sat down to design events five years ago, Stanton said. Danny used to play in his front yard with his sister, Mary Grace, now 13, and his two brothers, Tommy, 6, and Johnny, 12.
Masks are even becoming an element of East Asian style: In Japan, surgical masks bearing chic designs or the images of cute licensed characters can be purchased in every corner drugstore, while last month at China Fashion Week, designer Yin Peng unveiled a line of “smog couture” clothese paired with a variety of masks, from Vader-esque ventilators to whole-head riot-gear rebreathers.
In the first three quarterly issues of the PCC newspaper published in 1975, Albrecht had published articles written by Allison, describing how to design and implement a stripped-down version of an interpreter for the BASIC language, with limited features to be easier to implement. He called it Tiny BASIC. At the end of the final part, Allison asked computer hobbyists who implemented it to send their implementations to PCC, and they would circulate copies of any implementations to anyone who sent a self-addressed stamped envelope. Allison said, Let us stand on each others' shoulders; not each others' toes.
I had designed Pazuzu to be a roguish devil. I know it deviates from the lore but, hey it’s my story. Pazuzu’s lair was a large city deep under ground called Brimstone and at the center of his city was his casino/home. To gain an audience with him they needed to complete some quest to build their reputation. They did so and in the process learned that Pazuzu’s second in command had made a deal with Lamashtu to help her kill Pazuzu and take his power.
Mr Colvin said Zahab allegedly researched and designed a laser warning device to help warn against incoming guided munitions used by coalition forces in Syria and Iraq.
Neither the ACT nor BOSS was designed with the goal of detecting the kSZ, says Hand. “This collaboration was a consequence of the era of large data sets that astronomy is currently in.”
Some protesters painted messages on top of their umbrellas, and artists began incorporating umbrellas into logos designed for Occupy Central. "I was inspired by seeing people defend themselves with domestic props," Hong Kong artist Kacey Wong told the BBC. "The contrast was so marked. On the one side there was police brutality and on the other side there were these poor umbrellas." According to the Associated Press, umbrellas are now being donated to replace those destroyed by the police.
The segregated car divisions, I can handle; the upgrade system, I cannot. I hate it, in fact. Individual visual customisation options now need to be unlocked by performing arbitrary tasks out in the world. I get that it’s designed to get us interacting with all the new Forza Horizon-inspired jumps and speed traps, et cetera, but it’s a lot of new hoops to jump through to change your cars’ appearance where previously there were none.
The video for "Nightmusic" was directed by John Londono and premiered on May 10, 2012. It takes place in a "barren, greywashed" landscape, and features Grimes wearing one of the "pussy rings" she designed in collaboration with Montreal-based jeweler and sculptor Morgan Black.[47][48]
Matt James of PopMatters praised the album as "an absolute blast" and opined, "Sure, it could have done without some of the interludes [...] but its overall sense of ambition is intoxicating. Visions' rebellious contrariness to evade classification is part of the design and certainly part of the charm".[5] Heather Phares of AllMusic concluded, "Fresh and surprisingly accessible despite its quirks,Visions is bewitching".[53] Eric Harvey of Spin wrote, "The pervasive sense on Visions is of a young woman carefully pushing out of her own introversion, which makes the moments where she sings from the gut instead of the throat [...] or strives for human-on-human sensuality [...] all the more thrilling". Harvey continued, "Boucher's talent lies in the balance of exploiting her gifts and leveraging what's come before her, but judiciously".[62] Kevin Liedel of Slant Magazine viewed the album as "a flawed but intimate glimpse into the fantasies of its creator, and while it might not act as a springboard to greater fame for Grimes, it's just as satisfying to hear her take her bedroom music into a darkened basement, away from the prying world."[65] However, Luke Winkie of Under the Radar felt that Visions "isn't as much of an evolution as it is an elongation; Boucher is still making warped, sparsely-populated electro-pop, and the potential still outweighs the content", adding that the album "stands as a half-formed concept".[66] Reyan Ali of The Phoenix stated that "the ever-fascinating Boucher clearly has unusual ideas sloshing around her skull", but ultimately criticized the album as "unnecessarily oblique, listlessly long (48 minutes!), and painfully shapeless".[67] Rolling Stone's Jody Rosen expressed that "Grimes isn't spooky enough to be 'ghostly,' and not substantial enough to hold your attention."[61]
Mark Khair – alien head design
Clark Quinn: Yeah, and it’s a challenge. The problem is well-produced e-learning and well-designed and well-produced e-learning, the differences between them are subtle. That’s our area of expertise, and we’re supposed to know the nuances. Our consumers of our output, we shouldn’t expect them to know the difference. They should trust us, but many times they don’t, and we haven’t been good at articulating it. Too many go into instructional design that don’t have the deep background.
To your point, I think there are significant inflection points, certain places in our e-learning design processes, where small changes in what we do and how we do it, informed by what we know, there’s several bottlenecks I see. The first one is working with subject matter experts. There’s this fundamental problem that, because of the way our brains work, we compile knowledge away so that it’s no longer accessible to conscious learning. Research shows that 70 percent of what experts do, they don’t have conscious access to. They literally can’t tell us what they do, and yet we need to know what they do to help learners acquire it.
There’s a number of different ways we can work with that, but there are just pressures that make it challenging. That’s one example of a leverage point throughout the design process where we could get a better starting point, and once we have that starting point, we can execute against it fairly reliably to do better. There are some other points, but that’s one of the key ones that really can make a big difference.
That’s where wrapping good course design should be inside a broader process of performance consulting, and then when we determine the learning experience, then we talk to the subject matter experts. Then we determine what should be in the decision course, but you can’t get there just when somebody says, “Okay, let’s start talking to an expert about a course.” You need to start beforehand and say, “What is the business unit’s measure that is not up to scratch?” If they can’t give that to you, you have a problem.
What’s not happening in the call center that should? Are customers unhappy? Are you not able to solve their problems, or is it taking too long to solve their problems? Let’s get specific here, and then you can design your training to address the real problem. Obviously, this is hard, but at the end of the day, that’s the strategic move that’s part of L&D has to name.
Clark Quinn: You shouldn’t be designing that. I mean, that’s industry standard stuff. You should just buy whatever the best off the shelf is. You shouldn’t invest your precious resources in design and development, except for things that are proprietary to your organization. Now, if there’s some maybe process used, yes, the way you handle it, but other than that, that’s just not a good use of your resources. Save it for more essential things.
Sanjay Nasta: We should wrap up, but there’s one question that comes out of that. I think the principles are great. The challenges to achieve the principles are partially tool-based and process-based. I think a lot of our designers are still having challenges with the process to achieve these values and the tools to achieve these values. I’ve seen it in other industries. In mobile, when we moved from web to mobile, the first thing we did was we copied the web, and the applications that got deep buy-in were designed for mobile. I think we have to have processes that allow us to design for effectiveness. We have to have marketing to solve that. I think that’s part of what’s going to drive adoption. I will tell you, from the management suite, the folks are ready for it, because it’s a challenge to them to achieve this.
America's entry, Jurban, looks like a large worm designed to negotiate the moon's rough terrain of craters with several small capsules joined together in the same way as a train.
IBM is casting an ever-widening net to cover a broader range of workloads starting with today’s announcement of its NextScale system, which is designed to use a stripped-down x86 lure to reel in everything from the cloudy heights to high performance computing.
The key concepts behind this launch are around flexibility, simplicity and scale—in short, a move away from the tricky design and implementation details of their iDataPlex but with more room to grow than Flex might offer for some users. IBM Product Marketing Manager for the System X line, Gaurav Chaudhry says that this isn’t the immediate end of the line for iDataPlex. It simply marks an evolution toward flexible systems that can meet the low latency, high performance, and I/O demands of HPC while remaining lightweight and simple enough for cloud users to hop into without a great deal of effort. The company still has a number of iDataPlex systems to support, which will continue for at least 18 months, but the hyperscale, low-cost NextScale is the real battlefield for IBM’s push—and the shove will come down to price.
The previous demo works well for 2D (orthographic) lines, but may not fit your design needs in 3D space. To give the line a constant thickness regardless of the 3D view, we need to expand the line after projecting it into screen space.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Each location is designed to represent its respective area. Every store has its own crew members that create artwork to represent the surrounding neighborhood. Some store locations have their own "find the mascot" and kids can obtain a prize when they tell a crew where it is "hiding".
If you’re a fan of Mad Men–era NYC you should definitely see the exhibit, on view till Oct. 18, along with the museum’s long-term display of over 900 smaller artifacts from the fair. But let’s face it, all of the ephemera can’t do justice to what was truly a mind-blowing extravaganza made up of 150 fantastically designed pavilions offering everything from utopian visions of the future, to Jurassic Park-style dinosaur battles, to canoe rides through replicas of exotic island paradises — not to mention, of course, the Unisphere and the Panorama, among the few attractions that outlasted the fair.
The coat of arms of Lower Saxony since ancient times uses the “Saxon Steed”. A black horse on a yellow background was initially the coat of arms of Widukind, the last king of the Old Saxony. Also, this flag was the first known Saxon flag. But with the conversion to Christianity the colors of the coat of arms were changed. In its modern design the coat of arms was adopted in 1952.
The visual design of Song of the Deep is very well done. The narrative is presented in a "child's storybook" type of way. Turning pages of color pencil drawn illustrations. The gameplay itself is gorgeous and immersive. There were times when I was in completely open water, and I had an extreme sense of anxiety as if I was drowning or claustrophobic. Swimming through vibrant patches of seaweed was an incredibly pleasing experience. The artstyle is point where Song of the Deep definitely stands out. You will be able to see for yourself the gameplay graphic style in a few gifs posted on this page.
It seems more people are getting tattoos these days to show loyalty to a particular brand or product than for traditional rebellious reasons. We’ve all seen our share of Nintendo, Apple or even Zune tattoos, but none of them come even close to the ink that one Spiderman fan had done. The tattoo is designed to look like the guy’s skin is actually being torn away to reveal the Spiderman costume underneath. While I personally think having the Superman logo revealed on his chest would’ve been slightly cooler, this tattoo is still an impressive piece of work.
The CRS-2 contract breathed new life into Dream Chaser, a lifting body design that SNC had been working on as part of NASA's commercial crew program. The company lost to Boeing and SpaceX in a 2014 competition for contracts to complete development of those vehicles and perform initial crewed flights to the ISS. SNC filed a protest, which the U.S. Government Accountability Office denied in January 2015.
Those tests, which will include at least one glide test to a runway landing similar to what the test article performed in October 2013, will help test the design for the cargo version of Dream Chaser under development. "We're testing a lot of the stuff for the orbital vehicle now," he said. "We don't know how many tests we'll do, but it will be as many as we need."
The test verifies the LEDs invert when the button is pressed. For this example I did not simulate an “actual” button press (with the signal bouncing around like a two-year old after a nap) but the design does debounce the buttons a little. If you load the design on a board you will see it acts as expected.
On a side note, this design can easily be loaded on a board, simply clone (or fork) the example repository and run the compile_design.py script. This requires the myhdl_tools pkg and currently only supports a small number of boards. Board definitions are easy to add, feel free to submit pull requests with additional boards.
The US, Britain and other western governments have pinned the blame on the Syrian government; Russia has accused the rebels. Hersh describes this as part of a "false flag" operation designed to draw the US into a conflict with Syria.
Samsung has yet again acknowledged the issue and assures that it plans to fix it soon. "Samsung takes consumer privacy very seriously and our products are designed with privacy in mind", the company said in a statement.
The crew of four men and two women are part of a study designed to better understand the psychological impacts a long-term space mission would have on astronauts.
The crew played games designed to measure their compatibility and stress levels and maintained logs about how they were feeling.
“This is an option, not a requirement,” Lambeth said. “It’s designed like many insurance products. Participants who fail to keep up with their premiums or coverage requirements lose coverage.”
The IGPA designed the Ipsos poll questions and have been looking at the numbers in-depth since then.
There is one clear lesson from Digg's sale: the technology that powered a once-massive social network is worth about $500,000. All the rest of the value derives from the people that use it. Though scaling is tough, any developer in the world can build some profiles and let people connect up. It's an act of genius -- or an act of God, by which I mean luck -- to design a site constitution that makes people want to build their online lives at your URL (or in your app). Social networking companies are not technology companies as much as they are community companies.
Today, Boole’s name is well known to computer scientists (many programming languages have a basic data type called a Boolean), but in 1938 he was rarely read outside of philosophy departments. Shannon himself encountered Boole’s work in an undergraduate philosophy class. “It just happened that no one else was familiar with both fields at the same time,” he commented later. Boole is often described as a mathematician, but he saw himself as a philosopher, following in the footsteps of Aristotle. The Laws of Thought begins with a description of his goals, to investigate the fundamental laws of the operation of the human mind: The design of the following treatise is to investigate the fundamental laws of those operations of the mind by which reasoning is performed; to give expression to them in the symbolical language of a Calculus, and upon this foundation to establish the science of Logic ... and, finally, to collect ... some probable intimations concerning the nature and constitution of the human mind. He then pays tribute to Aristotle, the inventor of logic, and the primary influence on his own work: In its ancient and scholastic form, indeed, the subject of Logic stands almost exclusively associated with the great name of Aristotle. As it was presented to ancient Greece in the partly technical, partly metaphysical disquisitions of The Organon, such, with scarcely any essential change, it has continued to the present day. Trying to improve on the logical work of Aristotle was an intellectually daring move. Aristotle’s logic, presented in his six-part book The Organon, occupied a central place in the scholarly canon for more than 2,000 years. It was widely believed that Aristotle had written almost all there was to say on the topic. The great philosopher Immanuel Kant commented that, since Aristotle, logic had been “unable to take a single step forward, and therefore seems to all appearance to be finished and complete.”
While Shannon showed how to map logic onto the physical world, Turing showed how to design computers in the language of mathematical logic. When Turing wrote his paper, in 1936, he was trying to solve “the decision problem,” first identified by the mathematician David Hilbert, who asked whether there was an algorithm that could determine whether an arbitrary mathematical statement is true or false. In contrast to Shannon’s paper, Turing’s paper is highly technical. Its primary historical significance lies not in its answer to the decision problem, but in the template for computer design it provided along the way. Turing was working in a tradition stretching back to Gottfried Leibniz, the philosophical giant who developed calculus independently of Newton. Among Leibniz’s many contributions to modern thought, one of the most intriguing was the idea of a new language he called the “universal characteristic” that, he imagined, could represent all possible mathematical and scientific knowledge. Inspired in part by the 13th-century religious philosopher Ramon Llull, Leibniz postulated that the language would be ideographic like Egyptian hieroglyphics, except characters would correspond to “atomic” concepts of math and science. He argued this language would give humankind an “instrument” that could enhance human reason “to a far greater extent than optical instruments” like the microscope and telescope.
Although, on a technical level, Hilbert’s program was a failure, the efforts along the way demonstrated that large swaths of mathematics could be constructed from logic. And after Shannon and Turing’s insights—showing the connections between electronics, logic and computing—it was now possible to export this new conceptual machinery over to computer design. During World War II, this theoretical work was put into practice, when government labs conscripted a number of elite logicians. Von Neumann joined the atomic bomb project at Los Alamos, where he worked on computer design to support physics research. In 1945, he wrote the specification of the EDVAC—the first stored-program, logic-based computer—which is generally considered the definitive source guide for modern computer design. Turing joined a secret unit at Bletchley Park, northwest of London, where he helped design computers that were instrumental in breaking German codes. His most enduring contribution to practical computer design was his specification of the ACE, or Automatic Computing Engine. As the first computers to be based on Boolean logic and stored-program architectures, the ACE and the EDVAC were similar in many ways. But they also had interesting differences, some of which foreshadowed modern debates in computer design. Von Neumann’s favored designs were similar to modern CISC (“complex”) processors, baking rich functionality into hardware. Turing’s design was more like modern RISC (“reduced”) processors, minimizing hardware complexity and pushing more work to software.
“Nissan’s uniform program is designed to help achieve the highest standards of safety and quality in all our manufacturing facilities,” Reuter wrote in an email. “Employees have been able, and will continue to be able, to wear the clothing of their choice as long as it complies with the Nissan manufacturing dress code.”
Heroes of Steel will be built on the same model. A critical component of our strategy which allows us to truly listen to you is that we “release early and release often.” We will release Heroes of Steel to our alpha testers (see Rewards) as soon as it is playable and fun--way before it is finished. Heroes will make it to the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon) a short time later, with much of your alpha feedback incorporated within the game. Even then, we know Heroes will continue to evolve and improve. We will hammer it with updates from both our game design plan, and also from our active community suggestions until it is as rich, deep, complex and immersive as is possible on the Android platform. So, please help us fund Heroes of Steel and you’ll have the opportunity to join us on our forum, Facebook, and blog to lend a hand in building one of the best tactical RPGs on the Android markets (Google Play and Amazon). Our community-driven games give every contributor a chance to get involved!
When the game is released, you will receive the exclusive Heroes of Steel t-shirt designed by our art team and only available on KickStarter. Wear it proudly! Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels!
You will join the World of Steel as an NPC! Work with the writers and art team to design an NPC, including providing a portrait, your name (if you so choose) and character traits. Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels!
Before the release of Heroes of Steel, you will work directly with Cory and Andrew to design a subplot or subquest in the world of Steel, including the backstory, challenges, and ending. Plus, you will receive all gifts from the lower backer levels (excluding Joining the World as an NPC).
There are some cases where witnesses describe actors' behavior as "odd" yet very overt—behavior apparently designed to attract attention. Viewed under differing prisms, the behavior could be classified as either benign or as some type of terrorist activity. Decision makers and practitioners should consider the possibility that certain incidents are staged or that they are escalated by manipulation of the media and the legal system to create controversy and to provoke a response to serve strategic purposes.
This is why, however well meant, the “why not buy some veg from the local market and make a lovely stew?” rationale so often takes on the shrill ring of Marie Antoinette’s fabled suggestion about the poor eating cake.
Coe did the right thing. But why did it take so long?
On Tuesday 9/06 anarchists in solidarity to immigrants who are being daily terrorised by fascist thugs of the Golden Dawn neonazi party and their local allies in the area of Agios Panteleimonas, moved to unblock the entrance of the local children playground which the fascists want to keep locked in an effort to impose segregation between greeks and immigrants, and "to preserve the blood purity of the white race"...While unblocking the playground the anarchists were attacked by fascists who were soon routed before the arrival of riot police forces who engaged the anarchists in battle with the aim of protecting the fascists. During the clashes one policeman was injured and five protesters were arrested on criminal charges. After the end of the clashes, a local greek father, Mr Tasoulas, defying the reign of terror in the area, took his son to play in the coveted playground. Soon they were surrounded by fascists who blocked the exit of the playground and threatened to linch the father calling him a traitor. After he managed to handle the child to a sympathetic neighbor, the fascists beat the father in full presence of the chief of the local police station. The strong police forces present at the scene then arrested the father and took him to the local police station, where his solicitor, a leading figure of the legal world and human rights activist, was piled with eggs by fascists who threatened her life.
It’s not easy to believe in ClojureScript. To see JavaScript developers using create-react-app, using Koa, although slowly but most aspects of developing are covered by people who went ahead. In using ClojureScript, I have to take every step very carefully, sometimes in debugging without SourceMaps on variables, sometimes worried about where to find guides and docs, sometimes anxious about people misunderstanding my work.
I also thought that I might be physically ill so I sought professional advice from my doctor. I was diagnosed with a bacterial infection of the gut, but my doctor could not account for all my other symptoms. Upon his advice, I went to see a therapist who suggested some exercises to help me figure out what was wrong. I also took 3 weeks off from work from late February to mid-March as I thought I might be suffering from ordinary stress and burnout.
With this in mind, I began to reach out to some of the women I had spoken to earlier. At this stage, I had been able to identify over five women who had also had inappropriate encounters with Daudi. Only one woman was willing to come forward if the Board could guarantee that she would remain anonymous. Some of the other women had no evidence of their allegations and thus did not expect to be believed. Others did not want to be associated with something so potentially scandalous or to rehash past traumatic events. It therefore took about three more weeks to get my ducks in a row and submit the complaint to the board; I did that on 4th May 2017.
Lack of support: Over the 74 days of this ordeal, not a single board member has reached out to inquire about my well being in any way, shape or form. Not a phone call, not an email, not through a third party. I shall repeat this again: nobody from Ushahidi leadership or the board has at any point bothered to ask if I’m okay or sought to alleviate the adverse impact this has had on my work and health. The only person in management who displayed any concern is my supervisor who, even though he is my direct line manager, only found out about this when I informed him of my intention to leave Ushahidi on 19th June. The Board have claimed on several occasions that they refrained from enquiring about my well-being because they feared incurring legal liability. To the best of my knowledge, no laws prohibit a person from asking “how are you?” Anyone possessing some basic human decency should know — and do — better. Victim shaming: All through this process, I have been subtly censured by the Board for seeking and retaining legal counsel. The rationale is that I “made this legal and complicated” by involving a lawyer which forced everyone else to lawyer up and thus led to the delays in handling the matter. This has been said to me personally by Erik Hersman and is a sentiment that has been repeated several times by other Board members, and their counsel in both private and public conversations. Slander: I have been reliably informed of more than one instance where Daudi has made comments to the effect that I am the one who pursued him for the purposes of establishing a sexual relationship and that I only filed a complaint when he rejected me. These comments were made to both colleagues and at project meetings with Ushahidi partners. I have tried to bring this up at least twice: once in the 24th May letter to the Board and subsequently at the internal hearing on 5th July. In the first instance, I received no response while in the second I was not even allowed to complete my question and was told that “my question is not relevant” as these events occurred after my complaint was made and thus were not covered by the inquiry. Delays: It took 74 days to get a decision from the Board. Nothing except enthusiastic letter writing was done for the first 60 days. And even the letters from the Board’s counsel seemed to be sent by literal snail mail — there was always a delay of 1 to 4 working days, and unlike the other lawyers they did not send advance copies of their letters via e-mail. The Board only seemed to act once the matter became public — first with Making All Voices Count followed then in various Kenyan WhatsApp groups, blogs and media. More happened in days 60–74 (15 days) than in the initial 60 days combined. An opaque process: Throughout the 74 days, and until now, I have had no clarity on how the board would handle this issue, save for the letter issued by the Board’s advocates after the meeting of 20 June 2017 where the terms of engagement of the hearing were set out. At no point did the Board provide me with the timelines within which they intended to conclude this matter. They could have chosen to do this any way they wanted as the Ushahidi whistleblower policy is vague and only states “The Ushahidi’s Compliance Officer will notify the person who submitted a complaint and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.” And even when a process was outlined, it was not as advertised. For instance, the inquiry that the board held was framed as a “conversation to try and establish what happened and seek clarification” but in my view, the “conversation” quickly degenerated to my being subjected to over 2.5 hours of brutal questioning designed not to get at the truth but to create an alternative narrative where the perpetrator became the victim. Even the 27-page Inquiry Report on this process ends with a Notice To Show Cause that once again has no timelines or clarity on when the process will end. Character attacks: During the inquiry, I had several harmless and not so harmless personality flaws used against me. Because I have a potty mouth and used the word “fuck” during the incident, it was suggested that I am the one who turned the conversation to sex and thus invited Daudi’s sexual overtures. This was despite the fact that I did not use the word in a sexual context (see this video for various uses of the word “fuck”). It was also implied that I actively welcomed Daudi’s sexual proposition because I did not vociferously voice my protest at his inappropriate remarks but instead tried to change the subject. The refusal to listen to, let alone address my concerns: Throughout this process, I have been provided with no opportunity to openly air my concerns to the board or receive a response to them. The issues I raised in my letters, such as Erik asking Ushahidi staff to report any sexual harassment to management, including Daudi, were not addressed. Even at the hearing, I was not permitted to ask any questions — I was not even allowed to explain why I resigned!
The blame for what is arguably the mismanagement of this entire issue lies squarely with the Board. David Kobia, Erik Hersman, Juliana Rotich and Jenny Stefanotti need to jointly and severally take responsibility for this. Their failure to properly manage my complaint is the sole reason I resigned from a job I was very fond of and was very good at. Their failure to set out crystal clear parameters for the hearing allowed Daudi’s counsel to turn it from an inquiry to a ‘courtroom’ with him as the prosecutor and the judge. Their failure to speak up or intervene as I was harangued for over 2.5 hours — even when my counsel objected — indicates that they found this acceptable.
They also lacked the independence to properly investigate and take action in this matter. This is evidenced by the following:
Previous knowledge of similar allegations: Daudi has a long history of allegations of sexually harassing women from his days in the Kenya Blogger Webring (KBW), which was active in the mid to late 2000s. What is even more horrifying is that at least three of the Board members have known about Daudi’s alleged penchant for harassing women for a significant period of time. Juliana was an administrator at Kenya Unlimited as this was going on, while David Kobia was a co-founder and forum administrator at Mashada. Erik was also active online during this period and presumably was aware of these accusations. Even if he might not have heard of these allegations in the aughts, Erik Hersman was explicitly informed about allegations of sexual harassment against Daudi in late 2015 when a prominent Kenyan tech entrepreneur told him about them in November 2015. The allegations this time included sending unsolicited “dick pics” to women via DM on Twitter and making unwanted sexual advances to women within the Bishop Magua building (where Ushahidi, BRCK, GearBox and iHub were then located) and in the wider tech ecosystem. At this time Daudi was the acting Executive Director of Ushahidi Kenya. Despite all this knowledge, the Ushahidi Board made Daudi’s Executive Director position permanent in January 2016. Furthermore, even when presented with unequivocal proof of gross misconduct, as I did when I made my complaint on May 4th 2017, the board had to be subjected to intense public pressure before they did anything meaningful. For over nine weeks after I lodged this complaint, Daudi continued to act in his capacity as Executive Director: he participated in project meetings, strategy sessions and even international travel as the face of the organisation, including attending the 2017 Advancing Good Governance seminar and the 6th Annual Luxembourg Peace Prize Awards. He was only sent on compulsory leave on the same day that Quartz Africa ran a story (12th July). All through this ‘investigation’, the Board has bent over backwards to accommodate the requests of Daudi and his lawyer. Initially, they asked for the same level of procedure as a criminal court (e.g. witness lists and sworn statements) without having the authority to do so. Later, they turned around and insisted that it was an internal investigation and thus should exclude evidence from sources outside the company. The Board acceded to Daudi’s lawyer’s demands, apparently because they were afraid of a wrongful termination suit being filed by Daudi. This is at best disingenuous and at worst malicious. A company with the ethos Ushahidi purports to have should not shy away from doing what is right for fear of a lawsuit. Besides, had Daudi sued Ushahidi, he’d have effectively turned a private matter public as he would have had to declare why he was terminated. Court documents in Kenya are public documents: having my complaint and particularly that audio recording in the public domain logically went directly against his own best interests. Daudi’s explanation for the events of the evening was that he lost an earpiece of his hearing aid and Erik, as well as the Aberdare staff, were helping him look for it. I then allegedly joined them without invitation and refused to leave him so all his statements were made in an effort to get rid of me. However, at the time of our conversation, Erik had already retired to bed for the night. This can be attested to by any of the Ushahidi Team Members who were still at the bonfire. During the hearing, Erik did not correct Daudi on this point and in so doing, indirectly corroborated that untruth. Even if Erik had been awake, the fact that he was called upon as part of Daudi’s “alibi” should have clearly demonstrated his lack of independence. Erik should not have been a part of the panel that the Board constituted to investigate and make a decision. One cannot be a witness and judge in the same case! To date, Daudi still has his job: From the board’s latest update, Daudi has only been suspended. It is entirely possible that he may be reinstated in the company. This is despite the Board possessing audio evidence of him sexually harassing his junior as well as allegations from a plurality of victims which relate to multiple occurrences. Even with this, it still took public pressure for the Board to first send him on leave then suspend him. This is unacceptable. How are victims supposed to come forward if this is how a company with the reputation of Ushahidi handles these incidences?
The Board has also claimed that they were not able to action my complaint as quickly as they would have liked because they were trying to avoid a wrongful termination suit. As explained above this is insincere. Based on the speed of events from the 3rd of July, this could have been handled in 2 weeks. So why did it take 74 days? It seems clear that the board was looking for reasons not to act despite their verbal and written assurances to the contrary. In such a case, the will to act is all that matters. Not assumed best intentions. And based on their findings, Daudi is guilty of misconduct on several fronts. None of that was news and was obvious even before the 5th July Inquiry was held. This should not have taken as long as it did.
As detailed extensively above, for some mysterious reason the Ushahidi board and leadership has been reluctant to take action even when presented with clear evidence about Daudi’s misconduct. This completely boggles the mind because this scandal poses an existential risk to Ushahidi as an organisation. The Nairobi grapevine was already buzzing with rumours of this complaint after it was made on 4th May. The board just seems to have gone out of its way to avoid dealing with my complaint.
Timelines: The time taken for the entire process should be as short as possible. A maximum of 14 calendar days seems to be an acceptable global standard. The process to be followed: In what form and way should employees submit complaints or raise concerns? Are there alternate persons to whom employees can submit such complaints when the complaints are against the very person they are normally supposed to submit them to? Is evidence of a claim required? If yes, what kind? What each stage of the process will do, when it will be done and why. What form communication during the process will take and what each party should expect to hear / receive at each stage. Notification of other staff: Be explicit on what staff will be notified, when and in what form. Channel to raise concerns: A means should be created to allow all parties to raise any issues they have as the process is ongoing. Appeal process: if the outcome is not satisfactory to the parties, what if any avenues for recourse do they have?
The measure by Assemblyman Jerry Hill, D-San Mateo, allows judges to revoke a person's driver's license for up to 10 years if they have three or more convictions for driving under the influence within the prior decade. Currently, courts may only take away a repeat offender's driver's license for three years.
The law will take effect on Jan. 1, 2012.
Hill estimated that the measure could help take more than 10,000 repeat DUI offenders off the road each year. Nearly 188,000 DUI convictions were handed down around the state in 2008, he noted, with 9,164 of those drivers on their third conviction and 3,200 with four or more DUI offenses, Hill said.
"I urge judges across the state to use this new authority and take repeat DUI offenders off the road," Hill said in a statement.
“We have published at least seven Op-ed pieces by Senator McCain since 1996. The New York Times endorsed Senator McCain as the Republican candidate in the presidential primaries. We take his views very seriously,” said the statement from Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis.
Since 2009, Ars Technica's Jacqui Cheng has doggedly tracked how long it takes big photo-sharing sites to permanently delete photos after a user hits "Delete." Her method was simple: save a photo's URL, delete the photo and wait to see how long it takes for the link to die. For Twitter and Flickr, it took seconds. For MySpace (remember that?), it took months. But for Facebook, Cheng found it could take years.
But why did this take so long to implement?
"PAC has informed us that on receipt of this information, it will then decide whether or not to make this information public taking into account the public interest in doing so. PAC further states that it will consider any representations concerning individual cases, that it takes the needs of confidentiality seriously and has chosen not to publish information regarding individuals on previous occasions."
Thompson, in his PAC evidence submission published on Friday, said he took "all reasonable steps to ensure that the BBC Trust was properly informed in advance" about the proposed redundancy settlements with Byford and Sharon Baylay, the former director of marketing who left with a £390,000 payoff.
So what's a robot to do? "Nature solves the problems around us all the time," says Karras. "A fairly common path for us is the biomimicry approach." When Karras and his team would test climbing robots out on vertical rock walls, lizards would blaze right past them. But rather than getting annoyed at the speedy little reptiles, Karras decided to take his cues from evolution instead. His team's adhesive makes use of van der Waals forces, which geckos use to climb smooth surfaces. For bumpy ones, his team built claw-inspired microspine grippers that can bend and flex. (You can see them in action in the video up top.)
Enbridge reached with the U.S. Justice Department last year following the 2010 Kalamazoo River oil spill. "These are locations we've identified that could potentially have coating holidays," he said. Divers "are going to each of those locations to take samples of the biota and visually inspect the coating to see if it is still intact." He said Enbridge is "confident it is still intact" because of constant monitoring. Baraniecki's presentation was the main event at a rowdy pipeline board meeting on Monday that featured several busloads of protestors who packed the hearing room at the Michigan Public Service Commission building on W. Saginaw Highway. Security estimated there were about 260 attending, not including media, board members and state staff. Board co-chair Valerie Brader admonished the hostile audience several times during Baraniecki's presentation, reminding them that shouted questions, jeers and other interruptions only ate time away from the public comment period. At one point, a Petoskey man and his grandson sitting in the front row briefly left the meeting for the bathroom, where they undressed and coated themselves in chocolate cake batter to make a visual statement about the threat of a spill.
LAURA: Seek the advice of an in-store make-up artist - they'll give an objective opinion. When applying eye shadow, use a little at a time; it's easier to add more than take some off.
That, along with you take Michigan – they had (Trey) Burke and (Tim) Hardaway coming back. They had some things to plug, too, but usually a team is going to have a chance to go far with its guards. It's like if you have a great quarterback, you're going to have a better chance to go somewhere.
When you read these next lines consider this: I’m white and old enough to remember when the pressure on all of us college grads was to have ONLY two children or risk killing the planet. Guess who didn’t listen to that—the rest of the brown world didn’t listen! Heck we have 9/11 mastermind KSM telling interrogators that they are going to take us over by outbreeding us!
Presumably, the files are then saved to your Dropbox folder and can be accessed through Office Online or the traditional desktop apps. We haven't had a chance to try it out yet and see if it truly offers the same features you'd find creating files through Microsoft's apps, but it's certainly an intriguing way for Dropbox to take on the Google Drive / Docs combo. Dropbox says the feature will be available "later this month."
Italian airport is letting travellers take as much as 500g of the sauce in their carry-on luggage, exempting them from the 100ml rule for liquids
Genoa’s airport is letting travellers take as much as 500g of pesto in their carry-on luggage, exempting them from the 100ml rule for liquids in carry-on baggage.
I now want to fly off on my holidays. I quite happily get on the plane and see the two pilots in the cockpit. When I land, they’re still there and I think what a great job they did. More than likely though, the pilots didn’t actually fly the plane. They will have inputted commands to the autopilot and the computer will have flown the plane. The plane, for all intents and purposes, is a robot with human supervisors to take over if anything goes drastically wrong, just like a driverless car.
Ciancia had earlier that day sent a text message to his brother saying that he intended to take his own life. This led his father to contact police in the family's home state of New Jersey expressing concern for his state of mind and asking for help in locating him. They in turn contacted police in Los Angeles who sent a patrol car to Ciancia's apartment in the city. There, his two roommates said they had seen him the previous day and that he appeared to be fine.
Rather, why would Biden run? Sure, he’s in his 70s and this is his last shot, but he also has a family to take care of. He’d likely only run if he concludes he has a better than nominal chance of winning. And that conclusion would be quite different from what the current metrics, such as endorsements, suggest. Biden may have an insight on the invisible primary that isn’t visible to the rest of us.
hjenten-heynawl: Endorsements are merely a proxy for intra-party support. And proxies are wrong from time to time. They’re imperfect. And I don’t buy Biden is desperate to run. He reportedly indicated this week in a phone call with Democratic National Committee members that he and his family are grieving. The man lost his best friend and son. He wants to be there for his family. If I lost my father (my best friend), I don’t take off running for president just because I feel like it. I run because I think I can help my party, and because I think I can win.
hjenten-heynawl: Let’s start with this: Clinton must perform disappointingly in the Iowa caucuses. If Clinton wins in Iowa by a convincing margin, this thing is going to take off. I don’t know how Clinton loses in Iowa, necessarily, but that’s where it needs to begin. Biden cannot wait until later states to take her on. Her money and momentum will be too great. So it’s Iowa or bust. Now, it could be that Sanders comes close in Iowa — it doesn’t have to be Biden, but he’s gotta do reasonably well.
Much of my work is for television. I'm best known for playing Bart Simpson for 10 years. When different actors were brought in because of a contract dispute, the public demanded we be brought back. Mexican dubbers mostly use a kind of neutral Spanish without accents or regional expressions so all Latin America can understand. We have the best dubbing industry, and the competition in Argentina and Venezuela just doesn't have our finesse or tradition. Top Cat in Spanish has a personality and feeling that is missing in English - and I take my hat off to the woman who voiced the witch in Snow White.
When it was all over I was so hoarse that the director told me to go home and take a rest. The crew cracked jokes: "Tom Cruise runs so fast he breaks his legs, Ren Wei shouts so loud he breaks his voice."
When I come in to record I generally haven't seen the film I'm going to dub. It used to be different: we used to get the videos to take home beforehand. But these days they are amazingly strict about new releases. When I did a voice for Star Wars, I wasn't even told in advance what film we were doing - just to turn up.
A film for TV takes two days. I will make 20,000 rupees (£250). For theatre release it is more like 50,000 rupees (£625). It's really exploding. I do films, commercials and TV shows now. There are a lot more people saying "I heard you on television" these days. But it's a really competitive industry. When I started there were just a few people - now everybody thinks they can voice movies.
Still, Trump seems to take a slur on his fingers as a terrible insult, for reasons that Spy was far too arch to make explicit.
For today’s post, I’d like to take a look at California’s voter initiative to legalize pot. If the measure passes, and the sky doesn’t fall, many other states will probably be looking at similar law changes in the near future. Our drug policy of the last century has simply not worked, and it’s heartening to see a state attempting to legalize marijuana.
In September, economists at UBS Investment Research tried to tally up the costs of seceding from the euro. If a “weak” country like Greece tried to leave the euro, it would almost certainly have to default on its national debt, watch its domestic banking system collapse — every halfway-sentient depositor would rush to withdraw euros before they got converted to new, less-valuable drachmas — and the country would get rocked by big trade disruptions and unrest. UBS estimates that a “weak” country like Greece or Ireland leaving the euro would take a hit of up to 50 percent of its GDP in the first year alone, and then a 15 percent hit per year for the next few years. That’s a crushing blow.
Going eastwards on 1 February 2013, she suffered a damaged stern thruster and took on so much water in the Suez Canal that she became unmaneuvrable. Tugs, anchors and the wind[10] took her to Port Said to offload 13,500 containers, drain her and be investigated by divers. She had not been in danger of sinking.[11][12][13][14][15]
Another valid way of addressing a libido gap is to consider sleeping with other people. If you’re both into it and you want to keep the non-sexual parts of your relationship going, you can always negotiate a less traditional relationship structure. You know, one that allows you to take your yayas outside the two of you and get your rocks off with someone else. Or many someone elses.
Peace talks are coming though, with plans for negotiations in Kazakhstan some time later in January. Exact dates are not set, and the rebels have largely not committed to take part in the negotiations.
Who the fuck is in charge of hiring at the Baltimore police department? The arrest was made by the Montgomery County police department, who charged Taylor with animal cruelty and abuse. The Baltimore police department insisted in a statement that it took animal cruelty seriously, although Taylor was merely suspended without pay and not fired right away for being the kind of sociopath who kills a girlfriend’s pet and then sends her a picture (because his job is like a right!).
Everywhere you look in Gears of War 4, you'll find a studio engaged in careful dialogue with the past. This is literally the case in the story, which takes place a few decades after the destruction of the Locust, and sees two generations of the Fenix clan fighting side by side. In a bid to shore up what remains of civilisation, the Coalition of Organised Governments has herded Sera's surviving humans into gigantic walled cities, defended by robots, but not everybody is content to trade their freedom for security. Amongst the rag-tag Outsiders who scrape a living in the wilderness is the one and only Marcus Fenix, he of the thousand yard scowl. As the game's second act begins, the COG is holding the Outsiders responsible for a spate of abductions, and new leading man JD Fenix has returned to his father's estate in hopes of guidance and a little covering fire, if not a hug.
The game's plunging rural fastness is littered with the vestiges of the old world and ramshackle stabs at revival - windmills idling against a baleful sunset, enormous flywheels canted against cliff-faces, hydroelectric dams torn open by the "windflares" that now rake the planet's crust. In the course of the campaign's five acts (an estimated 10 hours) you'll take a ride in a deteriorating funicular and do battle inside a memorial to the Pendulum Wars, Sera's darkest hour prior to the emergence of the Locust. A hint: some of the antique weapons on display are functional.
When the winds are raging, movement becomes a chore, certain terrain fixtures can be shot loose to create tumbling hazards, and slower projectiles such as the Boomshot's rounds may be blown off course, allowing you to sneak the odd shot around cover. If all this sounds transformative, however, the wind was seldom this much of a presence during my few hours with the campaign. For the most part, Gears of War 4's cover combat follows on from that of Gears 3, its AI behaviours, animations and even exploits painstakingly rebuilt to take advantage of Unreal Engine 4.
But the star attraction in multiplayer is, of course, the new take on Horde, Gears of War's influential wave survival mode, which again follows on from Gears 3 but retains a few ideas from the underrated Gears of War: Judgment. The battle now revolves around a movable fabricator, where you'll construct fortifications such as turrets, fences and decoys using globs of power that must be manually collected from the bodies of the slain.
Van der Bellen narrowly squeezed out Hofer in the first presidential runoff on May 22, but the result was overturned by the Constitutional Court because of irregularities in counting mail-in ballots. Austria’s Interior Ministry showed Van der Bellen won more rural support in Sunday’s repeat vote, and also took key regions in the industrial heartland of Upper Austria as well as in the mountains of Tirol.
Photos: History of the ERA Photos: History of the ERA The feminist activists of the 1960s, '70s and early '80s weren't the first to push for an Equal Rights Amendment. Suffragist leader Alice Paul, second from right, fought hard to pass the 19th Amendment -- which earned women the right to vote in 1920. She drafted the first ERA and introduced it to Congress in 1923. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA In 1972, the House and Senate passed the ERA by the necessary two-thirds votes before sending it to state legislatures for ratification. Three-quarters of the states needed to ratify it, but the ERA fell three states short by its 1982 deadline. Among those where it failed was Florida, where supporters voiced their disapproval after the state Senate voted 22-16 against the ERA in June 1982. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Gloria Steinem, arguably the most recognized name and face in feminist activism, was among the key forces behind the ERA effort in the '70s and '80s. Although it wasn't ratified, most men and women were pro-ERA, Steinem says. She recently took a break from writing her latest book to join a gathering in support of the new ERA Coalition and celebrate the release of "Equal Means Equal," written by coalition founder and director Jessica Neuwirth. Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Women's rights activist, poet and writer Robin Morgan -- seen here during a women's liberation conference in New York in 1970 -- was also among the crowd at the fundraiser and book launch at Manhattan's Yale Club. Morgan's 1970 anthology, "Sisterhood Is Powerful," helped galvanize a movement. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA President Richard Nixon endorsed the ERA after it was adopted by both houses of Congress in 1972. Thirty-five of the needed 38 states ratified the ERA by its 1982 deadline. The latest efforts to revive the ERA have included legislation that would lift the deadline or start the ratification process from scratch. Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA The face of ERA opposition during the last big go-round was Phyllis Schlafly, the conservative activist who founded the Eagle Forum. Now 90, she says the ERA is "dumb and offensive" and that the new push for it is "a colossal waste of time." Schlafly, seen in this 1975 photo, once warned that the ERA would lead to same-sex marriage and women being drafted into combat. She also said it It would threaten families -- an argument she still makes. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Schlafly led protests against the ERA, including this one at the White House in 1977. The group, about 200 strong, was protesting then-first lady Rosalyn Carter's campaign for the ERA. Amendment supporters like Eleanor Smeal, president of the Feminist Majority Foundation, say their real enemy was never Schlafly, but big business and insurance companies. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy speaks at an ERA fundraising dinner in Washington in 1980. Kennedy spent more than three decades as a champion for the amendment in Congress. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Eleanor Smeal, then-president of the National Organization for Women, left, and first lady Betty Ford attend an ERA rally on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in 1981. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA From left, Rep. Gwen Moore, Sen. Bob Menendez and Rep. Carolyn Maloney hold a news conference in 2010 outside the U.S. Capitol to call for passage of the ERA. The amendment has been introduced in nearly every session of Congress since 1923. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA ERA supporters like to quote U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who told California Lawyer in a January 2011 issue: "Certainly the Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex. The only issue is whether it prohibits it. It doesn't." Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: History of the ERA Last April, Scalia appeared at the National Press Club beside his judicial polar opposite -- and friend -- Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The two were asked how they would amend the Constitution, if they could. Ginsburg, seen here at an annual Women's History Month event at the U.S. Capitol in March, didn't hesitate: "If I could choose an amendment to add to this Constitution, it would be the Equal Rights Amendment," she said. Hide Caption 12 of 12
I saw two people lying over him and I thought they were trying to resuscitate him. I went down to the garage and another bloke come along and told me they were actually stabbing him. Apparently they actually ran the car into him and knocked him down before they did anything. And the next minute a silver car came along and a man got out and shouted he was going to phone the police. The next thing that happened was he actually pulled a handgun out. It was a gun that looked as if it could take about 12, 15 rounds so I definitely know it was handgun because I actually seen it in his hand.
“Doing it one class at a time, I would have graduated maybe never,” said Ms. Hermetz, 43, who had a bachelor’s degree in math. “This way, it took just under 18 months. And whenever I ran into trouble, my professors would make arrangements, whether it was through a webinar or a phone call or an e-mail, to help me.”
It's prom season at high schools across the country, a special time that until recently has been reserved for straight student couples. A sign of growing acceptance and change took place in West Virginia on Saturday night.
An avid photographer (his Instagram page has 19,000 followers), Michael takes a shot of Logan at Poor House Farm Park in Martinsburg
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
If you take the long view with Chelsea — the view that starts on the day Roman Abramovich first wrote his name on the club in 2003 — the amazing thing isn’t that they won the Champions League but that they won it the way they did — as underdogs, riding on luck and drama. Consider:
The terror that Chelsea represented in those early years was that with enough money, all the surprise could be taken out of the sport. When you spend a hundred million and then concede 15 goals across a 38-game season, you raise the legitimate fear that you will simply buy all the talent, win all the matches, and conquer European soccer with your unstoppable army of math. The irony, of course, is that by winning the Champions League with a frenzy of improbable, last-second comebacks, Chelsea finally conquered European soccer behind exactly the sort of unpredictability that they once threatened to eradicate. Somehow, winning the biggest tournament in the game was the least fearsome and most accessible thing they’ve done in the Abramovich era. It took frantic adjustments, the way it does for everybody, and a different kind of good fortune. After nearly a decade under soccer’s most iconoclastic rich dude, Chelsea now wins and loses on lucky breaks and heart, the way everyone loses and wins.
From the massive Chronicles of Darkness: Dark Eras main book, we have pulled this single chapter, Dark Eras: Beneath the Skin (Demon and Skinchangers 1486-1502 Aztec Empire). Ahuitzotl sits on the throne at the height of the Aztec Empire, overseeing his sorcerer-priests’ sacrifices and the endless flower wars his jaguar and eagle warriors carry out in his name to keep the altars well-supplied with victims. The gears of the Aztec Empire turn smoothly and inexorably, but not everything is what it pretends to be. Skinchangers take the shapes of animals to run the wilds or bring down human prey, the Unchained cobble together identities from stolen lives, and stranger things still lurk in the deserts and jungles beyond the walls of Tenochtitlan.
And even more concerning, Osaka Mayor Hirofumi Yoshimura said the 2.6 million residents of Japan’s third-largest city might have as little as four minutes to run for their lives and take shelter.
“A missile may not be detected as soon as it leaves the launch pad … and that could take several minutes,” Yoshimura told the Japan Times.
“When a missile is launched from North Korea, it will not take long to reach Japan,” it answered. “For example, the ballistic missile launched from (North Korea) on February 7 last year took 10 minutes to fly over Okinawa.”
It is on these forums that he finds people who list nothing but the political faults of the Western world. It is on these forums where little children pretend to be brave men who can take on the ‘big bad wolf.’ And it is on these forums that he is introduced to ‘clerics who speak the truth’ and ‘fear none amongst men’, of legendary giants that even America fears and will do anything to silence (even if that means sending squads of assassins to murder one of their own citizens without trial). Whereas previously he had trouble finding anyone who would voice his view of the world, here, all the voices on these forums seem to be echoing the same message, spoken from the mouths of militants and circulated online by their testosterone-filled teenage cheerleaders.
The point that I am stressing here is that a more nuanced and pragmatic reading of the Quran can also just as easily be done “ but it takes more wisdom, foresight and moral courage than many of these testosterone-filled youth are willing to undertake (and for the record, I firmly believe that one of the best ways to de-radicalize these young men is to help them get married early and encourage them to have kids, and I mean this in all seriousness).
If we truly wish to fight radical ideas amongst our youth; if we wish to persuade them away from rash measures drawn from raw emotions, and to persuade them to act upon wisdom and perform real acts of courage,then the first step that we will have to take is to become more vocal about the grievances that drive young men to acts of desperation. We will need to be frank about the role that our governments play in ruining the freedoms and happiness that specific societies around the world deserve. And after discussing these woes, we will need to educate our youth about the proper way forward in solving them: away from foolish and un-Islamic militancy, and towards education, political activism and other positive channels.
Those who choose to take on this task will have much to worry about for themselves. They will have to brave the attention and subsequent fury of a fear-mongering media empire that loves to demonize any who dares disagree with its own romantic notion of a lost American utopia. These individuals will have to put their trust in Allah as they fight legal and political battles against their own governments and law enforcement agencies, as they themselves are wiretapped, monitored, harassed, baited and perhaps even jailed merely because they state the obvious: that it is our own country’s domestic and foreign policies that are the greatest source of the anger and resentment fueling radicalism.
Holy Rollers: The True Story of Card Counting Christians - Award-winning documentary tells the story of a team of card counting Christians who took millions from Vegas.
Derby County will renew acquaintances with Benfica this summer after final details to take part in the Algarve Football Cup this summer were completed.
The first fixture will see Derby take on Vitoria Setubal on Friday 15 July, kick-off: 8:30pm.
The following day will see Pearson’s side take on Benfica, who reached the Quarter-Finals of the 2015/16 UEFA Champions League competition and lifted the Primeira Liga title, on Saturday 16 July, kick-off also 8:30pm.
ALEC describes itself as a conservative legislative think-tank that creates model legislation lawmakers can take to their states and use. According to their website, they are the "only" organization to provide that service in the country. Their next annual meeting is in Salt Lake City.
Weeks later, as the joy of return subsides, deep-seated emotional or psychological problems can begin to show. The sleeplessness , anxiety and irritability of post-traumatic stress disorder , for instance, often take months to emerge as combat veterans confront the tensions of home and the recurring memories of war.
Just getting the battalion’s nearly 800 soldiers home was far from simple. It would take a month, along with dozens of helicopters, military cargo planes and commercial jets, to move them the 6,500 miles from Kunduz through Mazar-i-Sharif and Kyrgyzstan to Watertown, N.Y.
Still in her uniform, she took Tim to the airport and then went shopping at Wal-Mart . On a 3-by-5 card, she had neatly listed items she needed for her new apartment near Fort Drum: linens, a frying pan, food for one. She filled two carts and headed home.
But when they left, he was by himself for the first time in practically a year. He took a shower, the longest and hottest in months, then crawled into a bed that felt as large as a swimming pool. “I never felt more alone any time ever in my life,” he recalled.
For now, the transplant will be available only to veterans who were injured during a combat mission. The operation will take 12 hours and cost between $200,000 and $400,000; the university has offered to pay for the first surgery. For all 60 operations, the penis will come from a deceased donor. If the surgeries go well, Johns Hopkins University may decide to make the transplant a standard treatment.
“If I take money from you and I have no intention of ever giving it back, that is not debt, that is theft,” Mulvaney said. “And if we're going to borrow money from people, we have to have a plan for how we are going to pay it back.”
He said two men fell to their knees in front of him and tugged at his trouser legs to distract him while four others took money and items from his pockets.
"They took everything. All my money, credit cards, everything really."
"If you take the 90,000 people who voted in the Brexit referendum but didn't vote in the May election," he argued, "if those people came out, then you'd have a very different type of politics.
However, if Alliance is approached to take a department it will not be taking a similar line as Mrs Long believes any decision "should not be about people or personalities, but rather about policy and practice".
In the meantime, between 2011 and 2013, a steady stream of refugees continued to arrive in Italy. These asylum seekers were able to benefit from the ENA (North Africa Emergency Plan), an Italian government comprehensive integration project to tackle the humanitarian crisis following the turmoil in North Africa and the war in Libya. While actively supporting the Libyan war, the Italian government was unable to host the 30,000 ENA refugees properly. This programme reinforced the SPRAR project (Services for the Protection of Asylum Seekers and Refugees), providing funds to support the refugees’ insertion into training placements and the labour market as well as providing access to public healthcare and to dignified shelter. These projects were lacking in many ways: they failed to teach Italian, many were set in distant locations, no social integration or any understanding of Italian bureaucracy was provided, and job training just did not take place. Some locations were simply hotels or other facilities where the refugees were forced to stay with nothing to do. The ENA ended abruptly and in March 2013 many refugees ended up on the street.
Some refugees were in contact with local squatters and housing rights activists. Together, they decided to occupy the ExMoi buildings in the former Olympic Village and on 30 March 2013 about 300 refugees took part in the action. Currently around 800 people of over 26 different nationalities live at the ExMoi, in four different buildings. This is the largest, most stable and important occupation by and for refugees that has ever taken place in Italy. On 23 May 2014 UNHCR reported that “thousands of refugees are forced to live in empty buildings in the main Italian cities like Rome, Milan and Turin, due to the lack and insufficiency of the projects.” The ExMoi is a prime example of this.
In early 2014 the Committee supported another occupation. A five-storey building was occupied, following the overcrowding of the ExMoi building complex. It currently hosts around 60 people. The internal yard has been converted into a vegetable garden run by the residents, and there is also a self-managed bike repair workshop. Formerly a nursing home managed by the local Catholic parish, today the building is managed by its residents, who take most decisions via a weekly assembly/meeting. Ownership remains in the hands of the Church, however, which has decided to form a refugee project in order to legalise the building’s status.
Finally, in December 2014, a judge signed an authorisation order to evict the residents. It usually takes a long time for an order to lead to an actual eviction but the news made the papers immediately and right-wing parties are exerting pressure for an eviction to take place. It is highly unlikely that the municipality will use the police to evict the refugees, although this has happened in other places. In this case, both police and judges would like a peaceful solution, especially because of the large number of residents involved. It seems that the Mayor of Turin (Fassino, Democratic Party) will ask the national government for exceptional funding. The Mayor is also the president of ANCI, the association of Italian local councils, and has a direct channel to the prime minister, Matteo Renzi. This situation could have serious repercussions for Renzi and the PD.
The process will take some time to work through, due to the large size of ExMoi. Meanwhile, the right-wing parties will have an easy target for the next elections and will keep on pushing for the harshest punitive measures.
Will this study, published in a highly authoritative journal, finally compel the newsrooms and boardrooms of the traditional media to take responsibility to undo some of the damage done by their complicity in spreading fossil fuel industry-funded misinformation? Will false balance — quoting a distinguished climate scientist and then speed-dialing Pat Michaels at the Cato Institute for an opposing quote — finally stop? Will editors commit to serving as referees to ensure the same industry PR pollution isn’t published any longer?
"We need to attack them in ways that prevent them from taking over territory, to bolster the Iraqi security forces and others in the region who are prepared to take them on, without committing troops of our own," Kerry said, according to Reuters. "Obviously I think that's a red line for everybody here: no boots on the ground."
In 2000, Seattle's adopted operating budget was $548 million. This year it was just over $905 million. Ten years ago the city took in $542 million from taxes and other sources to pay for its daily operations. This year that figure was about $900 million.
It's not just companies that do this though. Individuals with a message to sell also do it. Skwarecki's article, Why It's So Easy to Believe Our Food is Toxic, is an exceptional case study in this. She explains how "experts" take good premises—like the need to take your health in your own hands and be critical of the things you eat and buy—and go off the rails when the sales pitch gets involved. She calls out nutrition gurus and health "experts" you've likely seen reposted on Facebook, like Vani Hari (aka The Food Babe,) and Joseph Mercola, among others, who thrive on obfuscating nutrition so much that the only clear thing they do suggest is that you should buy their books, sponsored foods, and DVDs.
Equally important is the huge size of supplement industry and the food lobby. Farmers have little to no power compared to Unilever, General Mills, etc. They made it so that packaged foods are the norm, food and supplement marketing has become insane, and whole foods have lost out big time. In the beginning days of the food pyramid, they were using the slogan "Eat Right". Kraft used that slogan, so they told the government to stop, and they did! Companies always win. A few more examples: Government policy favors packaged foods that can display health claims (e.g. Granola bars, Lunchables) rather than natural foods that come loose or in clear plastic (e.g. strawberries, chicken thighs). Grains were originally 2-3 servings per day until food companies complained and they more than doubled the recommendation. Fruit and veggie manufacturers make very little money compared to General Mills and Unilever, so it took the National Cancer Institute to step in and tell the first-draft writers for the food pyramid that they really need to bump up the fruit and veggie intake. Even the person in charge of the first pyramid, Louise Light, wrote a book about how screwed up the process was by industry and differing interests. She said that the grain-based pyramid would cause obesity and diabetes, and it did. The people in charge told her that fruits and veggies are kind of interchangeable with grains, plus grains are cheaper for food stamps. Although few if any researchers are out to lie to the public, note that for the 2000 Dietary guidelines committee, 6 out of 11 members had financial ties to food and agriculture manufacturers. Researchers have pet projects and advocate for them, and funding and careers are dependent on that.
We humans are experts at changing our minds, issuing inaccurate self-reports, and, well, living. Dr. Walter Willett of the Harvard School of Public Health explains this beautifully alongside other issues with nutrition research in his latest book "Eat, Drink, and Be Healthy: The Harvard Medical School Guide to Healthy Eating." Dr. Willett takes care to point out another major factor: in this country, nutrition research for governing bodies is frequently in direct conflict with agriculture and its stake in the economy. The research that contributes to the USDA food pyramid, for example, is largely funded by grants from the dairy and beef industries. Thus, dietary "recommendations" from different bodies should be examined with a critical, research-oriented eye. The consumer must ask, "Who paid for this?"
The scare over the "yoga mat chemical" (aka azodicarbonamide) is a good example too - we're poorly educated when it comes to science issues, don't read beyond headlines, succumb to confirmation bias, take up sides and arms in specific camps, and carry our message around to anyone who'll listen without listening ourselves.
When I asked Patel, he suggested everyone take time to learn about nutrition science and empower themselves:
The basic principles of healthful eating—eat a generous amount of fruits and vegetables, eat as little sugar as possible, prioritize whole foods (i.e.: avocados and chickpeas as opposed to Lucky Charms and Cheetos)—have remained unchanged for decades. The issue of moderation is problematic because it sounds good in theory, but it has been so watered down and so co-opted by the food industry that it now means nothing. The food industry loves to use "everything in moderation" to state that all their offerings—no matter how heinous—"fit in a healthy diet." Alas, a diet that includes frozen pizza, sugary cereal, soda, chips, and fast food all in "moderation" quickly becomes a diet where these foods, "in moderation," take up the most real estate. I urge people to remain curious and open-minded, but also to remember common sense and, whenever possible, read the actual study or seek the opinion of a well-informed individual who is able to understand the studies. Sometimes, a study like "X food lowers diabetes risk by 35%" is based on a study where the servings needed to slash that risk are preposterous.
The prime minister has said he will "not take no for an answer" and "get what Britain needs" on the question of freedom of movement.
But Jose Manuel Barroso is on his way out - he's the outgoing president and a whole new commission will take over next month.
"Do not take Mr Barroso's comments on their own," he said. "Everyone in Brussels... says the same thing.
It took a conscious effort on my part to learn about pit bulls when a roommate decided to get not one but two! These dogs ended up being the kindest, most well-behaved dogs I’ve ever been around. My roommate also had a
The rules were to take effect July 1 but the Department of Education under Betsy DeVos said it would delay implementation upon further review. The Obama-era rules were first proposed amid the collapse of the Corinthian Colleges Inc. for-profit institution.
As the search enters its second week, several governments are using imagery satellites - platforms that take high definition photos - while data from private sector communications satellites is also being examined. China alone says it has deployed 10 satellites.
The Indian Ocean has an average depth of more than 12,000 feet, or two miles. This is deeper than the Atlantic, where it took two years to locate wreckage on the seabed from an Air France plane that vanished in 2009, even though floating debris quickly gave an indication of the area of the crash.
There is attentiveness to time in everything urban explorers do: from a considered historic appreciation of derelict remains, to knowing the window of opportunity when one can scale a construction crane over the City – explorers recognise everything is temporary. Not long into my research, I was told by a French explorer that “ruins are just like construction sites because they reveal the city as it really is – a place of constant change”. Though ruins and construction sites morph at a different rate, he argued, they both hint that the city we pass through every day requires careful and dedicated maintenance to preserve the urban stasis we all take for granted.
There is also attentiveness to space. Victorian Londoners used to tour urban infrastructure, including sewage pumping stations, curious to know how it all worked. Far fewer people today think about what happens where they flush the toilet, make a phone call, or throw something in the bin - what kind of process that triggers and what sort of physical spaces are required to make those things possible. As Alan Weisman made clear in his book The World Without Us, the time it would take for the city to begin to break down and deteriorate if we stopped maintaining it is incredibly short.
On Friday, the coach takes his Academy youngsters into a Barclays U21 Premier League semi-final clash with Manchester United on the back of a campaign which has featured 55 goals in just 21 outings.
The death took place amid US media scrutiny of police treatment of African Americans, and provoked protests by the Black Lives Matter movement.
Chris Wattie/Reuters Environment Minister Catherine McKenna takes part in a news conference in Ottawa on Dec. 9, 2016.
Following the narrow loss by the separatist side in the October 1995 referendum on secession, there was a widespread belief that another referendum would be held in the near future. For this reason, potential players began to take actions that would strengthen their positions in the coming unity crisis.[11] Forty-three municipal councils in Quebec, including many on the western part of the Island of Montreal, passed resolutions expressing their will to stay in Canada.[12]
b. to develop self-government, to take due account of the political aspirations of the peoples, and to assist them in the progressive development of their free political institutions, according to the particular circumstances of each territory and its peoples and their varying stages of advancement; [...]"[19]
On 26 November 2015, PQ leader Pierre-Karl Péladeau created controversy when he implied First Nations and other groups could negotiate succession from an independent Quebec. This went against his party's longstanding position than an independent Quebec's borders would remain the same. He later retracted his statement, saying negotiations with First Nations would take place within the context of Quebec's current territory.[33]
An obvious issue with the HIA's use of the ATO data was that it looked at taxable income - after people take out various deductions to lower their tax bills.
That takes the HIA's claimed 74 per cent, which is 72 per cent on the latest data, further down to 68 per cent.
So take them out of the HIA figures and you are now down to 65.7 per cent.
Completely removing all double counting, if we exclude these people as well, that takes the proportion of landlords earning $80,000 or less down to around 60 per cent - certainly closer to the truth, but probably still overstating the true situation.
Pat has been described as "a rough, earthy iconoclast with a pipeline to the divine in everyone's subconscious." But honestly, that person was pretty drunk at the time, so you might want to take it with a grain of salt.
The Senate Intelligence Committee, meanwhile, is expected to begin questioning witnesses behind closed doors “in the coming days and weeks,” according to a congressional source who spoke on the condition of anonymity. These formal interviews are expected to take place on Capitol Hill, the source said, and will likely be with officials from the agencies that contributed to the assessment that concluded Moscow was trying to aid Trump in November — the CIA, the FBI and the National Security Agency.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who had been Spicer’s deputy, will take over for Spicer as White House press secretary.
This authors took the above listed technologies and examined them in light of different drivers and disruptors. The relative weights of technological drivers there were able to determine are indicated in the chart below.
Two of the longer term concerns entering the 2013-14 season for the Toronto Maple Leafs were the contract statuses of their star players Phil Kessel and Dion Phaneuf. GM Dave Nonis made good on Kessel’s desire to negotiate before the season, and now the Leafs leading scorer will be in the fold until 2022. Having taken care of the time sensitive work, now Nonis’ sights will be set on re-signing the Leafs captain to a long term deal. But what’s it going to cost? Let’s take a look.
Adcock was the longest serving Lion on the club's list in 2015, was co-captain with Jonathan Brown in 2013 and took on the reins solely in 2014 before the role was handed to teammate Tom Rockliff.
Round-table talks involving the five party leaders were due to take place on Wednesday but the BBC understands the DUP and Sinn Féin did not show up.
“I didn’t really take part on the TRT process. There was a miscommunication between him and his doctor. If I was in the middle of it maybe we would have avoided it. I didn’t realize I needed to be involved.”
“He took the instructions wrong, but he did not try to cheat. What happened was, there was a miscommunication with the doctor and he ended up taking injections at the wrong time. He was taking a month then started taking a week. He took one a week before the fight and one at the week of the fight, which wasn’t supposed to. It got mixed up.”
Barney Frank, long known as America’s crankiest liberal, is actually not feeling too bad. Frank retired from Congress in 2012, after three decades of representing Massachusetts’s Fourth District, then wrote a memoir, became a director of the Signature Bank, and took his curmudgeon act on the road as a lecturer. But the election of Donald Trump has not shattered his confidence about the nation’s political future. “This was not a wipeout. People will tend to overinterpret it. Remember, we got more votes than they did,” he said, in an interview this week. “And there is one silver lining for us. They have succeeded in blaming us for everything that goes wrong in the world. From now on, anything bad that happens is on them. They control the whole government—White House, Senate, House, Supreme Court. Some people think that maybe Trump can somehow evade that responsibility, but I think it will be hard to blame it on some Mexicans when something goes wrong.”
The race, which starts at Addison and Racine, takes runners through the Wrigleyville and Lakeview areas, heading west to Ravenswood and east on Irving Park. This year, runners will continue on Irving Park all the way to Sheridan, which will eventually lead them to the center outfield of Wrigley Field for a final stretch through the field’s concourse before ending at Clark and Addison.
For a while, this was the accepted state of the web development world: the pieces didn’t really fit together, but with enough brute force you could make things work, even across browsers if you really put in that 50% extra effort. When that wasn’t good enough, browser vendors raced to introduce new features, knowing the spec would take a decade or more to be ratified.
The wide scar that runs the length of Vivi Lozoya’s abdomen is a daily reminder of the brutal attack that almost took her life.
Detectives converged on the downtown area and quickly took four young males into custody. The suspect who was believed to have fired the gun was picked up behind the Coro Center, Clements said.
Elizabeth Holtzman was a member then of the House Judiciary Committee, chaired by Democrat Peter Rodino in the Democratic controlled House, and in her telling, the Democrats took no action even as the taping system in the White House was disclosed, along with Dean’s “cancer on the presidency” and reports of the Watergate burglars being paid off with hush money (PDF). There were serious abuses of power, if not criminality by the president. In July of 1973, Father Drinan, a Democratic congressman from Massachusetts, filed an article of impeachment based on Nixon’s secret bombing of Cambodia.
After he left the White House, Dean learned of a handwritten memo signed by Ehrlichman authorizing the Ellsberg break-in “as long as it is not traceable to the White House.” It was an options memo on how to deal with Ellsberg, who had released the Pentagon Papers, and one of the options suggested by the Plumbers was to enter his psychiatrist’s office, take his files and use them to discredit him.
Government spending cuts could cause growth only if they increase the other components by more than spending was cut. There's a common argument that this could happen in the long term. Less federal spending allows the government to take in fewer tax dollars. If you believe that the private sector better promotes economic growth than the government, then it makes sense that smaller government paired with lower taxes will lead to higher growth.
Remember, cutting spending takes money out of the economy. That money isn't being replaced. Any further growth will have to occur by draining savings or by taking on more credit. Will less government produce stronger economic sentiment to induce such behavior? It could if the government borrowing was having an adverse negative effect on the economy in some way. Currently, that doesn't appear to be the case. U.S. debt is still being issued relatively cheaply.
Sony, which distributed the film, and Annapurna didn’t comment on the Variety story, while Tiernan told Variety that the complaints were “without merit” and wouldn’t explain why they existed, if they weren’t true. “We take these things seriously and don’t want to ignore these claims,” he said.
That likely sounds so implausible as to border on science fiction so you should probably take a look for yourself. Don’t worry… it’s pretty short.
As you can imagine, Amelia wasn’t thrilled with their take on it.
The FBI has argued that it only wants Apple to allow it to "guess" the passcode for the San Bernardino iPhone, but that innocuous-sounding process involves Apple performing a rewrite of the phone's iOS software, allowing the Bureau to use brute-force techniques to crack the passcode that might otherwise take years. The agency says it only wants this process performed on this one specific iPhone, but privacy advocates could see the additional cases as the US government already attempting to overreach this mandate.
(If a daughter of a peer or courtesy peer marries another peer or courtesy peer, she takes her husband's rank. If she marries anyone else, she keeps her rank and title, using her husband's surname instead of her maiden name.)
Microsoft is bringing its classic Hover! game back to life, on the web. The game combines bumper cars and capture the flag, and originally shipped on Windows 95 CDs in a special folder called fun stuff. Microsoft has worked with Dan Church, an independent developer, to bring Hover! to the web. It took around eight weeks to get it ready in time for the launch today, and Hover! fans will be able to play the PC classic in retro and modern modes.
For Microsoft, the project is mainly about reviving a classic game to showcase WebGL and IE11. "We build these experiences to showcase what the web can be," says Capriotti. While it's promoting Internet Explorer, the new Hover! web version will work with any browser that supports WebGL. Microsoft thinks the new site will highlight its work with WebGL, but also generate some nostalgia amongst fans. "There's over 10 unofficial versions of it [Hover!] floating around the web," says Capriotti, noting that it has a cult following. Hundreds of Hover! fans took to Reddit recently in a nostalgic thread to highlight the game. "There's a big fan base and we think folks are gonna share the game and talk about what the game was like in the '90s."
"We take a lot of time and energy to make sure as an industry that we are safe with storage, handling, using, transporting and then the fact that then anyone can then buy them or sell them online and the general public is then using fireworks," Mr Howard said.
The locally run Thailand Wine Tours (thailandwinetour.com) take visitors on a tour of the national park where they can spot the huge white Buddha statue on a hilltop, as well as visiting two wineries. Prices start from 7,850 baht (£169) for two people including transport from Bangkok, lunch, wine and English speaking guides.
Ljubljana markets itself as a "City of Vine and Wine"; this despite there being no vineyards in or around the city. But if you’re not satisfied with the Slovenian capital’s numerous wineries, take a two-hour trip to the north-eastern village of Jeruzalem. It’s renowned for its white wines and great views, which can be experienced in tandem on a walking wine tour.
‘And guys you take a look and tell me with a straight face this has anything to do with humans.
Williams was one of the teams to originally signal its intent to take part but Symonds - who is the team's chief technical officer - says the costs were too high.
Travelling to Hull the next day, practically a stone’s throw away on the other side of the river Humber, took almost two hours because there is no proper train connection. Local entrepreneurs told me how fed up they were with the bad infrastructure and the lack of investment from Westminster. I heard “you in London” a lot, even though I was only a temporary Londoner for two months.
Some Britons claim Polish people are taking their jobs, but the Poles say they were welcomed at first as cheap labour, then treated with mistrust when they took on better jobs and homes. “The British liked us in these cheap jobs and became concerned when they improved,” my friend Ania Faluta, with whom I studied in Poland, told me. She started her career in London 11 years ago as a cleaner and is now a project manager.
I take a different stance. 'Pure veneer' is not an insult in my book. Quite the opposite, it is the very definition of visual design. Thinking visual design is anything but superficial not only requires a profound level of ignorance, but it indicates an incredibly limited view of what visual communication can accomplish.
Worse still, claims of visual design's insignificance tell us that design leaders never took their craft seriously. It truly undermines their credibility that it took the arrival of flat design for them to treat the entire spectrum of roles in product design with respect. Of course, as soon as that happened, they graduated from respecting traditional interface design principles.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � President Bush on Wednesday signed into law a bankruptcy reform bill that will make it harder for individuals to clear their debts through bankruptcy. So, experts say, if you were thinking about filing for bankruptcy, you might think twice -- or act twice as quickly, since major provisions of the law will go into effect six months from the day the law is signed. Individuals filing for bankruptcy usually do so either under Chapter 7 or under Chapter 13. In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, your assets (minus those exempted by your state) are liquidated and given to creditors, and many of your remaining debts are cancelled, giving you what's known as a "fresh start." In 2004, over 1.1 million people filed for Chapter 7, accounting for roughly 72 percent of non-business bankruptcies. Since many Chapter 7 filers don't have assets that qualify for liquidation, credit card companies and other creditors sometimes get nothing. In a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, you're put on a repayment plan of up to five years. Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan don't have to be paid. Last year, there were 445,574 Chapter 13 filings. Under the new law, fewer people will be allowed to file under Chapter 7; more will be forced to file under Chapter 13. Lawmakers who favor the legislation argue that it will prevent consumers from abusing the bankruptcy laws � using them to clear debts that they can afford to pay. But consumer advocates argue that the new law is a gift to creditors � particularly the credit card industry, which may receive $1 billion or more from repayment plans due to the expected increase in Chapter 13 filings, according to Robert McKinley, CEO of CardWeb.com. "The bill simply doesn't balance responsibility between families in debt trouble and the creditors whose practices have contributed to the rise in bankruptcies," said Travis Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America in a written statement. Key changes Here are some of the major changes for consumers under the new law: A qualifying test: Currently, it's up to the court to determine if your case qualifies for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the new law, your income will be subject to a two-part means test. First, it will be subject to a formula that exempts certain expenses (rent, food, etc.) to determine whether you can afford to pay 25 percent of your "nonpriority unsecured debt" such as your credit card bills. Second, your income would be compared to your state's median income. You won't be allowed to file for Chapter 7 if your income is above your state's median and you can afford to pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, said California-based bankruptcy attorney Stephen Elias, who is coauthor of the book "How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy." But, he said, you may be allowed to file for Chapter 13. If your income is below the state's median but you can pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, you may be able to file Chapter 7, but the court can still require you to file Chapter 13 instead if it believes that you would be abusing the system by filing for Chapter 7, Elias said. Under current law, the court has great latitude in deciding whether debtors may file for bankruptcy in consideration of their personal circumstances. Under the new law, there will be few if any exceptions made to the means test, no matter how sympathetic your case, said Leon Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Los Angeles. Determining what you can afford to pay: Currently, if you file for Chapter 13 today, the court determines what you can afford to pay based on what you and the court deem to be reasonable and necessary expenses. Under the new law, the court will apply living standards derived by the IRS to determine what is reasonable to pay for rent, food and other expenses to figure out how much you have available to pay your debts. The IRS regulations are more stringent, and to contest them means asking for a hearing from a judge, which can mean more time and expense, Elias said. Tougher homestead exemptions: Currently, if you declare bankruptcy, the state where you file may allow you to protect from creditors some or all of your home equity. In Florida, for instance, your home may be entirely exempt, even if you bought it soon before filing. In Nevada, you may exempt up to $200,000. The new law, however, places more stringent restrictions on the homestead exemption. For instance, if filers haven't lived in a state for at least two years, they may only take the state exemption of the state where they lived for the majority of the time for the 180 days before the two-year period. Filers may only exempt up to $125,000, regardless of a state's exemption allowance, if their home was acquired less than 40 months before filing or if the filer has violated securities laws or been found guilty of certain criminal conduct. Unlike most of the other provisions, the new homestead exemption rules go into effect immediately. Lawyer liability: Under the new law, if information about a client's case is found to be inaccurate, the bankruptcy attorney may be subject to various fees and fines. What that means for consumers is it will be harder to find a bankruptcy attorney willing to file because of the liability and the additional work required to verify a client's information, Elias said. Those who are willing are likely to charge more. Credit counseling and money management: Under provisions of the new law you must meet with a credit counselor in the six months prior to applying for bankruptcy. And before debts are discharged, you must attend money management classes at your expense. What should you do? For those people who have considered bankruptcy, the time to act may be now, consumer advocates say. Talk to a good bankruptcy lawyer, Plunkett said. If together you decide bankruptcy is the right call, you might consider speeding up your plans to file since most of the main provisions of the new law won't go into effect until six months from now. Typically, it can take a couple of weeks to file for bankruptcy, said Bayer. See Money magazine's 9-step program for tackling your debt problem. Money 101: Controlling debt Debt reduction planner
Both The Murderers and The Adam and Eve are what’s known as “real ale” pubs, meaning they stock high-quality, natural ales that have gone through secondary fermentation – a process that involves the ale being left to mature in the cask it’s served from. The trend for this method of traditional production took off around 40 years ago, and has been growing ever since.
Dawn Leeder is chair of the City of Ale Festival, a 10-day celebration of Norwich’s ale and pub scene every May, and she has seen enormous growth and renewed interest in the real ale scene over recent years. “The real ale renaissance of the 21st century has allowed many microbreweries to open in Norwich and Norfolk. Over 40 breweries took part in last year’s festival and several more have opened since then,” she says. “Norfolk also produces some of the finest malting barley in the world – the maritime microclimate of our county’s north coast gives rise to cooling harsh frosts which slow the ripening of the grain, intensifying the flavors to make very fine beer indeed.”
In an August 1998 interview, for example — the one where Trump called Clinton accuser Paula Jones "a loser" — Chris Matthews asked Trump if he would ever run for president. Trump said no, "can you imagine how controversial that'd be? You think about [Clinton] with the women. How about me with the women? Can you imagine...." Matthews made a cigar joke, and Trump reconsidered: "Well, they might like my women better, too, you know." As late as 2008, Trump called the Lewinsky affair "something that was totally unimportant," and argued in 2001 that Bill Clinton's big mistake is that he didn't take invoke his Fifth Amendment right to stay silent during the questioning about Lewinsky.
However, I was able to balance this image by walking closer to the tree so that the shadow is also included in the composition. Now the tree takes up the top and central parts of the image, the mountain is in the central part, and the shadow fills up the bottom third of the image. I hope this example shows you how easy it can be to adjust composition by just moving around a little.
We look at the world from the height of our eyes, and thus it’s only natural to also take photos from the same height. However, in many photography situations – such as taking photos of children, pets or plants – shooting from the height of your eyes will almost always result in bad photos.
When photographing children and animals, you should take photos from their height and thus capture the world from their point of view. If you just shoot from the height of your own eyes, your subjects will literally look like they’ve been tossed on the ground.
If the view extends into the distance, you can show perspective by shooting from a higher angle as seen in the next photo. I took this photo from a staircase so that my main subject – the silhouette of a women – is situated against the street extending far into the background.
Who said you should always keep your iPhone straight and take perfectly horizontal photos? For some reason that’s exactly what we end up doing 99% of the time. However, there are situations when tilting the iPhone a little will result in a far more interesting and unique photos.
You should always keep experimenting and looking for a unique and interesting angle for your photos. Don’t just take a photo the way you see the scene, try to change the angle and see how that changes the photo. Don’t just settle for the first version of what could be a great photo.
Maybe you want to get down on your knees, maybe you want to climb the nearby stairs and take the photo from there, or maybe you want to get closer to your subject. Always keep experimenting with unique shooting angles, and you won’t be disappointed with the results.
Emil Pakarklis is the founder of iPhone Photography School, a website that helps people take better photos with the iPhone.
They’re in the planning phase of becoming parents and hope to take that step in the next year or so.
For that reason I added as many metaphors for phenomenon as possible. When you come across these, really take a moment to think about what is going on. I find these metaphors are really the best way to quickly grasp complicated concepts.
Technically speaking, an individual 18650 battery is actually a cell. A cell is the smallest packaged form a battery can take (and for 18650 batteries a cell is normally 4.2V).
But nomenclature for engineers is different. Concerns for efficiency dictate an adherence to standards and depending on their work philosophy, some engineers can take this quite personally. I have come across such, and do not disagree with them.
If we take a step back we can then see, that both the hard-shelled, and soft-shelled batteries use the same fundamental electrochemistry. They are both lithium-ion (li-ion, liion, etc.) batteries.
That is the equivalent of “I know how much space is in my bucket, if I drink it with a 2mm straw and it takes me 2 hours, I can say I have 4 millimeter hours left in my bucket.”
If you take this measurement when your bucket is brand new (no sand, no degradation) it is called rated capacity. If you take the measurement after some use, it is called current or actual capacity.
During high amp continuous discharge or high amp pulses, the cell is used too fast and inefficiencies occur hence the loss of capacity. This is because chemical reactions take a finite time, and more energy can be put in than can be reacted to. The best analogy I have heard to explain this is with the pouring of beer. You have to pour it in slowly to fill it. Pouring it too fast leads to froth and annoyingly little beer.
Emphasis in original. "You never know who could be in the White House," Paul explained Thursday. "Could someone be there that would actually take away all of our rights and begin arresting us for who we are, what we are, what we think, what we read? And so I consider this to be one of the most important pieces of legislation that we'll put forward."
Some of the ugliest massacres were committed in churches, missions and parishes where Tutsis who took shelter were hunted down by extremist Hutu militias.
The guys who run this pint-sized neighbourhood cafe have been in the hospitality game for many years and it shows. Chef Michael manages to turn out an array of perfect cakes, tarts, terrines, sandwiches and innovative breakfast fare from the minuscule kitchen, while Ross manages front-of-house with unflappable cheer, despite how hectic it can be on weekends. You can't beat their banoffee pie. The espresso here is well-made, and as strong as the cafe's name suggests. There simply isn't a dud option on the menu, with everything under $20. Be sure to take cash as there are no card facilities.
This normally drab corner of the concrete jungle is transformed every Wednesday, bringing a little bit of the Queensland country to the Central Business District. Farmers and producers peddle their delicious wares to a bustling crowd of city workers, students and visitors. For around $10 (£6), you can take your pick from hand-crafted dumplings, German Bratwurst and tasty vegetarian options from the Nom Noms stall. This is also the place for hunting and gathering locally made cheese, hot-smoked salmon, artisan sourdough, macaroons, brownies and ginger beer – all the makings of a perfect riverside picnic in the nearby botanical gardens.
The O's are looking for a replacement to Russell Slade following his resignation last week. Nugent stepped in as caretaker boss for Saturday's 3-2 home defeat to Rochdale and is expected to take charge again at home to Swindon this weekend.
Not everyone likes to hear this, but it’s true: Alex Smith is the consummate game manager. He doesn’t throw interceptions because he doesn’t take chances. In the system Andy Reid has built for him, that’s fine. The Chiefs manufacture a passing game through pre-snap motion and shifts, and intertwined route combinations that create defined reads for the quarterback, usually at the shorter intermediate levels. Here’s a classic example:
The Andy Dalton injury was a critical blow to the Bengals. Dalton had become very adroit in Hue Jackson’s scheme, which took advantage of the quarterback’s high pre-snap awareness. That said, Dalton’s injury was not a death blow. Jackson’s scheme can also simplify things in the post-snap phase, as long as the QB reads the safeties properly. Two things the Bengals have done well with Dalton: attacking the seams in the red zone and stretching the field outside, often with A.J. Green. Two weeks ago at San Francisco, in AJ McCarron’s first NFL start, Cincy still got huge plays from these concepts.
Of course, as SheKnows points out, no video campaign is perfect. FCKH8.com is itself guilty of embracing a single body type on its website, showcasing slender white women; it's also a for-profit company, which some have said conflicts with its social justice mission to take on sexism, racism and other injustices.
For 61/2 hours, two dozen stand-ups take turns eulogizing the Lakeshore, roasting Ritter, taking potshots at the much more conventional Zanies comedy clubs, bemoaning Chicago's busy but undernourished comedy scene and, mostly, because there was a microphone and stage time, doing their own acts.
But his salary kept shrinking; he took home $30,000 last year, he says. And it seemed there would never be enough to pay down the $200,000 in debt remaining (after his partners covered the bulk of the losses) or give the building the more than $150,000 in repairs he says it needs.
There was an exchange of shots after a Soviet fighter advised the US plane that it was over Soviet territory and should leave (the US denied that the US plane fired at all). The incident took place under heavy cloud cover and poor visibility, although the alleged violation of Soviet airspace could be the responsibility of US commanders not interested in preventing such violations.
3 pieces: [Reduces damage from Elites by 15%] [Increases damage versus Elites by 15%] (New) Asheara's Vestments 3 pieces: [Melee attackers take 3498 Holy Damage per hit] (Removed) Guardian's Jeopardy 2 pieces: [+250 Vitality] (Down from 975
2 pieces: [Melee attackers take 6000 Fire Damage per hit] (Up from 3498)
Essex County Council, which allegedly took the baby into care, said it could not comment on "ongoing" cases.
"We had a lot of chances but we didn't take our chances and we conceded with an own goal which is the worst thing that can happen.
"We didn't take the chances that we had. We needed to score the third goal but we didn't do it.
"We took a punch on the chin, shook ourselves down and managed to go. We've got to learn to be a bit more clinical but I'm delighted for everybody.
They have now lost back-to-back league games for the first time since Pep Guardiola took over in the summer, and are four points adrift of leaders Arsenal.
Vardy, who scored 24 Premier League goals last season, had endured a 741-minute goal drought in the league, but took his tally for this term to five when he capitalised on Stones' error and somehow threaded a finish from the tightest of angles.
Earlier, reports said at least 20,000 opposition protesters took part in the demonstration, which had been billed as a "March of Millions".
Maria Lipman, a political analyst from the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, told Al Jazeera from Moscow: "The rally that has been authorised implies that 5,000 will take part. Maybe more can be expected, however not the many tens of thousands that we saw in Moscow streets and squares in December, February and March."
From 2014 to 2016, Animal Planet aired a documentary series called Ice Lake Rebels. It takes place on Great Slave Lake, and details the lives of houseboaters on the lake.[15]
Some parents even take their domestic staff to visiting day.
Texas: It took the President of the University, the AD, the head football coach and others to go to Tulsa last night; but UT wound up getting their guys. Sterlin Gilbert is coming as offensive coordinator and Matt Mattox will be the new offensive line coach at UT.
Just days after the racism-fueled Charleston massacre, in which young white supremacist Dylann Roof took the lives of nine black churchgoers, a woman in Texarkana, Texas is being called out on social media for trying to incite racist attacks against the black community.
The Daily Dot called the Texas-side Walmart (Texarkana shares a border with the Arkansas town of the same name) where the alleged attack took place. We spoke with a security worker who said no incidents had been reported there within the past week.
When Sisi and the military took control of the government and arrested Morsi in July 2013, Morsi supporters occupied two public squares and staged sit-ins, hoping for a repeat of the peaceful revolution in Tahrir Square. But this time Sisi sent in tanks and soldiers and massacred at least 1,000 people.
Independent labour unions are a particularly sensitive topic in Egypt under the Sisi government, because unions were seen as a key galvanising force in the 2011 revolution. Traditionally, labour unions were government-run – more a means of controlling workers than representing their interests. The first independent trade union was formed in 2009, but the movement truly took flight after Tahrir Square. A thousand independent labour unions sprouted up after the fall of Mubarak and, within days of the 2011 revolution, the first federation of independent unions was formed. Many democracy advocates in and outside Egypt, including Giulio Regeni and his Cambridge supervisor, the Egyptian political scientist Maha Abdelrahman, regarded the independent trade union movement as a positive development, with the potential to strengthen civil society, democratic participation and workers’ rights – all things that seem threatening to a military regime determined to repress autonomous sources of power.
The toxic distrust on the Tory right takes them into a surreal world of the land of make believe where a more full-blooded Conservative Party would be rapturously received by the voters; it is the kind of Walter Mitty fantasyland which the Labour left used to inhabit in the 1980s and which did such damage to the Labour Party.
Free Pride Glasgow is scheduled to take place in August, and bills itself as an alternative to the city’s main Pride event, which has allegedly become too commercialized.
Now Muslim students and others on campus wishing to take part in the prayer will meet on the quadrangle outside the Chapel before gathering in the Chapel for prayers.
Typography takes a turn
Two years after her rape, Bradshaw-Bean has decided to speak out to NBC because she doesn't want anyone else "to have to go through what I did," she told reporter Abigail Pesta. She feels that her case was egregiously mishandled. Firstly, she believes that the fact that she didn't cry in her forensic interview caused the police to take her accusation less seriously. "I'm sorry, am I supposed to cry? Am I supposed to feel the emotions you tell me to?... Am I supposed to feel these emotions right now and not go into shock and not [not] know what's happening?" she asked in a taped segment with the channel. According to her account, the police were eager to push her case under the rug; she was told by the police that the sex was consensual and that there was no evidence to prove otherwise. The District Attorney of her county told NBC that she had used language that "implied consensual sex instead of forcible rape" when the police interviewed her, but he doesn't have any record of the context in which she made that statement in his notes. "I was reporting a rape," Bradshaw-Bean insisted in response. "It sounds like my words are getting twisted. If you have to twist someone's words to make your case, then something's not right."
“He was a police chief in Lithuania and his unit, under supervision of Germans, rounded up 5,000 Jews. They were locked up for a week, the women raped, their belongings looted. Then they lined them up naked in the ditch… it took them six days to kill them all by gunfire. This guy was telling me all this matter-of-factly. He told me: ‘Then on Nov. 19, no more Jews.’”
It took them six days to kill them all by gunfire. This guy was telling me all this matter-of-factly
In 2007 the government decided not to take away his citizenship.
I haven’t posted on here in quite a long while. I feel like life took me by surprise and dragged me for months. But I’m here now, and lately I’ve felt the need to blog. To write in this blog and converse with others. I recently got laid off from my job due to lack of work. There are so many things wrong with the U.S. economy, but this isn’t the blog for that kind of talk.
So maybe smearing raw avocado and palm oil on your body isn’t the best Primal moisturizer. Maybe using unnatural oils and creams will eventually be a better way to fight dry skin. There’s a lot of things you can call us, but rigid isn’t one of them. Better living through rigorously tested and nearly perfected chemistry? Sure, we’ll take that every time.
"I am here just to tell you I am retiring from the profession but I am taking on a new role as long as I am alive. I wish to combat the corrupt politicians that have been brought into the position of power and I hope the condition of India will take good shape," Jethmalani said.
Explanation: What if you were followed around by a cute floating ball that kept taking your picture? Then you might be an astronaut on today's International Space Station (ISS). Designed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the JEM Internal Ball Camera -- informally "Int-Ball" -- is a bit larger than a softball, can float and maneuver by itself but also be controlled remotely, can take high resolution images and videos, and is not related to Hello Kitty. Int-Ball was delivered to the ISS in early June and is designed to allow ground-control to increase the monitoring of ISS equipment and activities while decreasing time demands on human astronauts. Int-Ball moves by turning on small internal fans and sees with a camera located between its two dark eyes.
It was the approach Joseph took from the beginning, when the Spurs selected him 29th in the 2011 draft, 14 spots behind the more heralded Kawhi Leonard.
For now, the Spurs will take whatever they can get from Joseph. With Parker and Mills easing back into the rotation, look for Popovich to seek creative ways to keep all three point guards in the mix.
Kaycee Swenson, a high school senior in Wichita, Kan., who took several courses at her local college last year, said she talked to people online every day, most of whom were not at her campus. But she said she also hung out with friends in the physical world, listening to music and playing basketball. "You have to balance it," she said.
This fall, she will enroll full time at the University of California at San Diego, and she plans to take a new computer with her, even though she already has one equipped with a Pentium II processor. "It's fast," she said, "but not fast enough."
In fact, she said, when she talks to her mother about what she took to college decades ago, she cannot believe what students had to put up with. "She thought it was great," Ms. Swenson said, "that she was able to take a calculator to college or a cassette player to tape lectures." And when her mother said she had to stand in line to register for classes and to wait for professors to open their offices, she said she could hardly imagine it. "I laugh at those things," Ms. Swenson said, "but I'm sure it wasn't fun, you know?"
Everything else is a work in progress, which is why Senzatela doesn’t miss many bats. He throws a slider, curve, and changeup, all of which grade out as 30 or 35-grade pitches on the 20-80 scouting scale. The 71-75 mph curve is very soft and doesn’t have the big break required to make a pitch that slow work, the slider lacks bite, and the changeup doesn’t have good movement either, though it does have good velocity separation at 77-82 mph. Every now and then, Senzatela will flash up to fringe-average with his offspeed pitches, lending hope that he’ll take some steps forward in that department as time goes on. The curve, in particular, has some potential if he can tighten it up some, an adjustment that is quite common for pitchers at this developmental stage. All he needs is one of his secondary pitches to come around to profile as a good relief pitcher, and if the whole set can come up to average, he’ll be a good #4 starter. There’s some risk involved here because of the inadequacy of his current offspeed arsenal, but Senzatela’s easy velocity can’t be taught, and he has time to figure everything else out.
Judge Hogan took into account Dirir’s long history of mental illness and ordered that she receive appropriate medication in custody.
Opta defines a dribble as "an attempt by a player to beat an opponent in possession of the ball." Basically it's when a player tries to take on another player in a 1v1 situation.
The vast programme of the Fringe, ensures that—for every serious reflection on the dark side of humanity and technology—there’s some light relief, often taking place in minuscule, dimly lit catacomb cellars with an alternative context for tackling scientific themes. Stand up performances strangely included reason and critical thinking in The Fringe of Reason—Undiluted Brilliance, while Dan Simpson's Artificial Ineloquence warned audiences of the imminent world domination by deep learning AIs, and Dissecting the Joke saw scientists and sceptics take to the stage.
Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., delivered one of her signature hard-hitting speeches at the Values Voter Summit, a conference for socially conservative activists on Sept. 17, 2010. At one point, Bachmann took a shot at the woman who leads her chamber, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. Pelosi, Bachmann said, "has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she’s flying." Bachmann was referring to the Air Force jets that Pelosi uses to fly internationally and back to her home in San Francisco. (Her Republican predecessor, Dennis Hastert of Illinois, used them as well, under a program approved under President George W. Bush.) Bachman’s claim drew a rapid counterattack from the Speaker’s office, as aides revived arguments they’d used when the allegation first surfaced months earlier. Among other things, Pelosi’s office noted that the Speaker "does not drink alcohol" and that there "is no alcohol service on the domestic flights the Air Force operates for travel from Washington to San Francisco for the Speaker."… [emphasis added]
These arguments, whilst valid, are not at the core of abstentionism. For example, the oath could be completely removed. Or, imagine Britain a republic. It might well be possible for some of the parties which take their seats to point to pieces of legislation that they have influenced or initiated. In the circumstances of a hung parliament it is undeniable that a tail might be able to wag the much bigger dog for a time.
Even if the oath was removed and I was an MP I would still not take my seat.
Even if Britain was a republic I would still not take my seat.
Even if I held the balance of power and could get through bits and pieces of legislation (while flattering myself as to the magnitude of my importance) I would still not take my seat.
Once I took my seat, with or without an oath, I have lost the moral high ground on that question of Irish sovereignty. I have already conceded Britain’s right to govern on this shore – a claim that was demonstrably rejected in December 1918 by the majority of people in Ireland in a democratic election.
As an exercise, imagine that the Labour and Tory wins were reversed and that Sinn Féin’s seven seats would be enough to support a Labour minority government, and that the party, out of the blue, took its Westminster seats.
Incidentally, those famous Irish politicians who did take their oath and seats in Westminster failed abysmally in their objectives.
But this is in the middle of the depth chart, meaning that if a team is carrying 10 receivers in camp, receivers Nos. 5 and 6 are battling for a job. Nos. 7 through 10 are camp bodies, there to bolster the numbers, to take punishment, to give veterans an occasional rest, to serve as verbal punching bags for position coaches trying to make a point. This happens at every position, even quarterback. Players see this happening to them, and there is nothing they can do about it. At the bottom of the depth chart, guys get very few quality “reps” — repetitions, turns to play in practice. Coaches often encourage these players, saying things like, “Don’t count your reps, make your reps count!” But reality sets in. For many, this will be the last football they will ever play.
Mark Scherer, an owner of the one of the largest lumberyards and truss-building plants in the region, has managed to keep his staffing levels steady by regularly raising wages. At a plant in Albertville, he gave workers a nearly $1 an hour raise last fall. “That seemed to take care of the problem,” he said.
He hasn’t, however, been able to solve a more serious problem: Timing. He said it normally takes 90 days to build a house, but it’s now taking 120 to 180 days in some cases.
Protesters continued to delay the destruction of the tree. Solicitors for the campaign had even argued in court that receipt of a letter addressed to the tree itself gave it the status of a legal dwelling, causing a further delay. In the early morning of 7 December 1993, several hundred police arrived to evict the protesters,[a] which took ten hours to carry out.[b] Protesters made numerous complaints against the police;[36] police, in turn, denied these allegations, attributing any misbehaviour to the protesters.[c] Media attention started to increase regarding the protest, with several daily newspapers putting pictures of the tree on their front pages.
Harry Cohen, MP for Leyton, started to become critical of the scheme and its progress. In March 1994, he said "the Department of Transport's pig-headed approach to the M11 link road has been a shambles, and a costly one at that," and described the ongoing police presence as "a miniature equivalent of the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait." According to him, local resident Hugh Jones had been threatened by demolition men wielding sledgehammers and pickaxes, adding "the project has cost £500,000 in police time alone, to take over and demolish a 250-year-old chestnut tree and half a dozen houses".
In November 1994, the eviction of Claremont Road took place, bringing an end to the M11 link road resistance as a major physical protest. Bailiffs, accompanied by the police in full riot gear, carried out the eviction over several days, and the Central line, running adjacent to the road, was suspended. As soon as eviction was completed, the remaining properties were demolished. In the end, the cost to the taxpayer was over a million pounds in police costs alone. Quoting David Maclean, "I understand from the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis that the cost of policing the protest in order to allow bailiffs to take possession of the premises in Claremont road was £1,014,060." Cohen complained in parliament about police brutality, stating "were not many of my constituents bullied—including vulnerable people, and others whose only crime was living on the line of route?" The then Secretary of State for Transport, Brian Mawhinney, pointed out that there had already been three public enquiries at which protesters could have lodged their objections against the line of the route.
The official opening of the road in October 1999 took place without fanfare, being opened by the Highways Agency Chief Executive rather than a politician, with only journalists with passes being admitted to the ceremony.[50]
"I don’t make this statement lightly — I’ve never said it before," Luján said. "This is about much more than one race: the national environment, unprecedented grassroots energy and impressive Democratic candidates stepping up to run deep into the battlefield leave no doubt that Democrats can take back the House next fall."
But Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia House and a 2018 gubernatorial candidate, said Democrats need to take a breath and focus on the long game.
"Why would you just take a needle and ram it in somebody's arm on a dirty, dusty floor inside of a jail, which is not one of the cleanest places anybody could be in," Quanell X said.
Bezos has previously indicated he has invested at least $500 million of his own money into Blue Origin. At the event, Bezos said Blue Origin remains in "investment mode" and will eventually be profitable, but "it's going to take a long time."
“His aerial game is a real strength for him, and for us. That’s where they came after us last time with Dan Biggar and Liam Williams, George North is such a big man, Leigh Halfpenny got a couple of good aerial takes early in the game.
"This policy states that 'at an appropriate stage in the process, management should take whatever protective measures are necessary to ensure that no patient/client or staff member is exposed to unacceptable risk.
Assuming Fabinho gets his wish, he will take over the deep-lying midfield role Motta has made vital to the team's now trademark possession-based 4-3-3 formation, enabling Marco Verratti and Adrien Rabiot to occupy the more advanced berths with Blaise Matuidi likely to be moved on this summer.
"I didn't think I'd get accepted to any of them. By casting a wide net I thought someone would take the bait and take me," Mabizari said.
“As Palestinians we are under the military law; we don’t have any rights and they don’t take our testimonies and our words into consideration. Soldiers are believed to always say the truth; they don’t need to show evidence. We, on the other hand, need to show evidence that we are not guilty,” Amro said.
Kuno Wittmer will take part in the new Pirelli World Challenge SprintX Series, with the Canadian driver having been confirmed at Mills Racing.
The inaugural SprintX weekend takes place at CTMP on May 20-22, with the championship also including stops at Utah Motorsports Campus and Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca.
The posting encouraged people to take their bicycle on the GO for "a cycling weekend adventure in Ontario's wine country" in a promotion for its seasonal service to Niagara Region.
There are many interesting things to see and do on winery bike tours, but Metrolinx's position is that customers who wish to drink should plan ahead and take one of the winery buses, she said.
Police allege Castellanos took the woman, a tourist from Fukuoka Prefecture, into his room after finding her asleep in a hotel corridor and raped her.
“Well, there actually have been a number of positive signs,” Heye said in a phone interview just days after Trump’s surprise victory. There was that gracious acceptance speech, Heye noted. Plus, that seemingly stable meeting with President Obama. And “the fact that they took down the Muslim ban from the website was heartening to me,” he added.
Yesterday, Twitter took the lid off its recent acquisition Vine. It’s a social app that allows you to make six-second, looped, GIF-like videos. It has an interface very reminiscent of Instagram, primarily because for the time being it’s mobile-only (although its deal with Twitter means its content is embeddable in Twitter cards, so Vines are showing up there plenty).
That same blog post will get reposted on other news sites and the same news article will get reposted on other blogs interchangeably. Content—whether thought-provoking, regurgitated, or analytically superficial, impeccably researched, politically doctrinaire, or grammatically atrocious—now occupies the same cultural space, the same screen space, and the same mental space in the public imagination. After awhile, we just stop keeping track of what’s legitimately good because it takes too much energy to separate the crème from the foam.
His unique flexibility allows him to bring his chamber up high with amazing speed and control. When he raises his thigh for a round kick, you have NO idea whether you’re about to get booted in the leg or take a shin to the head:
#3. Elbows Notice how small his movements are when he throws his elbow strikes. When timed properly, elbows do enough damage without the need to dedicate your entire body weight and mortgage behind the shot. You unnecessarily risk losing balance if you over commit. Rear Cross Elbow Watch how he steps out at a 45 degree angle with his lead foot. This allows the elbow to travel in a wider arc and build more momentum which will create a more powerful blow. Most people make the mistake of stepping straight forward when throwing the elbow which limits the strike’s power. Key point – Step out at 45 degrees. Countering Knee With Up-Elbow Watch how he waits for Pakorn to commit to the knee before stepping in with his own elbow counter. This strike is best thrown as a counter against your opponent’s movement. Key point – He doesn’t just blindly throw the strike hoping it will hit. Countering Hook With Up-Elbow Key point – Reach out and meet the punch to prevent your opponent locking on a collar tie. #4. The Clinch Fuck clinching with Saenchai. Ever. Duck under A powerful position to obtain. This essentially turns your opponent into your bitch. Notice how Saenchai blocks Pakorn’s elbow after clearing the arm to avoid being struck by it? Ensure you also pull your opponent at a downward 45 degree angle to break their balance. Key point – block the elbow and take a big step with your rear knee to load up the strike. Cross face As your opponent reaches to collar tie you, duck under their arm and push their face in the opposite direction to lock out their arm and completely fuck with their body’s mechanics. It’s essential to pull this move off quickly to avoid being countered as you do it. Key point – do it fast. Body head knee combo This isn’t related to clinch, but it’s a wicked combination I wanted to share. Key point – Exaggerate the duck down as you throw the overhand to sell it like a body shot, this will help lower your opponent’s guard and increase your chances of putting him to bed. (Thank you to Yokkao for putting this seminar together and allowing me to film. To all the Pakorn fans wondering why I left him out, it’s because he didn’t do any teaching. He’s still a legend in his own right, he just didn’t have any relevance to this article!) Bonus Saenchai Technique Breakdown Video
Author Profile Sam Razvi Sam is a travelling fighter/journalist from England. He backpacked to Thailand to learn Muay Thai when he was 18 where he ended up having 4 professional fights. He then trained kickboxing in Holland where he learned how much it sucks to not take a leg kick properly. Having also performed stand-up comedy he likes to think he's funny, so please forgive him for any ridiculous jokes (and for the audacity of writing about himself in the 3rd person). Check his travelling fight blog here - http://www.pineapplesamurai.com. Latest entries Author Archives Culture Western Muay Thai vs Thailand Muay Thai
“Hi, it’s me.” For Australians living in isolation and doing it tough this Christmas, making that phone call may be the first step they take to reconnect with friends and loved ones.
But in a world of smart phones and the nbn™, being connected is something a lot of us take for granted. It’s easy to forget that there are many Australians who don’t have the technology or financial means to access a phone line, or a way to connect with their loved ones at Christmas.
Nothing beats the sound of hearing a loved one’s voice, especially at a time like Christmas when a focus on families coming together is really heightened. It’s an important opportunity for those in the community who might be feeling isolated at this time, and we hope that even more Australians take up the opportunity to connect with their loved ones this year.
Okay, so defining styles on the component is pretty clear, but where did those end up in the DOM? If we run this code in our browser, we see that there’s something very interesting happening. It turns out that Angular takes the defined styles, and writes them into the head of the HTML document. Here’s what that looks like:
What’s going on there? The reason why Angular takes our styles and puts them up there, is because of the View Encapsulation that we are using. Since Angular 2.x, it comes with three different view encapsulation types in order to support both, browsers that don’t support Shadow DOM, and also the ones that do support it. The view encapsulations will be explored in another article are covered in this article, but we have to touch on this though in order to understand why this is happening.
To take advantage of style encapsulation, styles have to be put into the shadowRoot of a component. Due to the Shadow DOM strategy that is used, there is no shadowRoot to put our styles into. That’s why Angular writes them into the head. But as mentioned, there’s another article that explains all three view encapsulations.
Let’s take a look at another way of adding styles to our component.
Where do those end up in the DOM? Well, for the same reason as explained earlier, they are written into the head of the document. But not only that, when Angular fetches the style resources, it takes the text response, inlines and appends them after all component inline styles. So if we would have a configuration like this:
“We had started writing the scripts for the show and we even had the introduction to this video, we wrote that as this ‘We’re sorry, we screwed up, this was all we could do,'” Vegard added. So what happened when the video took off and actually became the brothers’ biggest hit? “We had to rewrite the whole thing.”
And it’s not the first time in less than a decade we’ve seen this club take it all. Just two seasons ago, the 2010 incarnation of the team shocked the world and showed everyone without a doubt, that pitching beats good hitting.
And then 2011 came along, a season full of high expectations for San Francisco. Unfortunately, despite keeping most of the team in tact (bye bye Juan Uribe and Edgar Renteria), the offense took a turn for the worse during most of the season. Players like Aubrey Huff, Miguel Tejada, Eli Whiteside, Cody Ross, and Andres Torres just weren’t getting it done.
Investigating Susie's disappearance with Detective Fenerman, Jack thinks Susie was murdered by someone she knew. He researches neighbors and comes to think Harvey is the killer. Fenerman is unable to find any evidence pinpointing Harvey as a suspect, as Harvey cleaned up. Susie's sister, Lindsey, agrees with Jack's suspicions, but their casework takes a toll on Abigail, and Jack invites Abigail's alcoholic mother, Lynn, to move in with them. Feeling alienated from her husband, Abigail leaves for California. Susie, in her afterlife, learns that Harvey, who has now targeted Lindsey as his next victim, has murdered six other girls, including Holly, and that he stuffed Susie's body into a safe in his basement.
One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie's friend, Clarissa. Her boyfriend, who mistakenly thinks his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly bludgeons Jack to death as Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey's house looking for evidence that he killed Susie. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie's hair, and news articles about Susie's disappearance. Harvey returns home and almost catches Lindsey in his house, but she escapes and rushes home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil her parents' reunion, she gives the book to her grandmother, who contacts the police. Harvey has already fled, having seen Lindsey running from his home – he takes the safe containing Susie's remains with him.
The strategic level is the most complex one in the game, as there is lot of stuff to take care about – economics, politics, warfare, etc. First of all, the players should expand their capital, which is their main base of operations on the shard. By choosing which buildings he needs most and constructing them, the player shapes up his strategy. Military buildings allow him to hire stronger troops; financial buildings help to increase his income, while entertainment buildings assist him in keeping the population happy.
There is also a strategic level diplomacy, which takes place during the war over some particular shard. It is possible that some other Masters also chose this shard as their target during their turn, and in this case, diplomacy becomes a powerful tool of survival. Instead of fighting the war on two or more fronts, we can negotiate with some of our adversaries and convince them to leave this shard for good. We can also sign a trade agreement with other Masters and sell or buy resources.
If we’re talking about hours of gameplay, I’d say the first playthrough of Eador could take you about 60 hours to beat the game. Once you’ve learned the tricks and understood the basics, you can finish the game in half that time. Thus, the duration of the story-driven campaign is more or less set in stone, but in the ‘skirmish’ mode (strategic + tactical levels) you can adjust all the settings as you wish.
Mr Feenie proves this point even more. When most of you have a device in your pocket that could break most security precautions on the internet in minutes (with the right “push” of course) yet you decide to use it to take photos of yourself to create a falsified image of yourself on some random social networking site. That shows how pathetic of a life you’ve gotten yourself ravelled up in.
Clinton is going to talk about how we need to do better to help women and families in the economy. Many women take time away from the workplace to raise their children, or they stop working entirely. As a result, they lose opportunities to develop their skills and professional connections. That could be one reason that while younger men and women earn similar amounts, women in middle age and older earn substantially less.
This partly reflects how the stock market has changed. It was once a place where companies regularly went when they wanted to take on some project in order to get new money from banks and investors. Now, it's become a place where firms distribute their earnings to their owners, instead of taking money in, as the economist J.W. Mason has shown.
In the absence of a revolutionary party fighting to rally the working class in a struggle to take power on the basis of a socialist and internationalist program, the forces that emerged in control of the movement, primarily the Tamarod (“Rebel”) movement, worked to channel popular opposition behind the army.
In Egypt, all the necessary prerequisites for a revolution were present save one: a revolutionary party fighting for this perspective. The central question posed in Egypt, and internationally, is the construction of such a party, a section of the International Committee of the Fourth International, fighting to rekindle the struggles of the revolution, bring down the al-Sisi government, and take up the fight for socialism.
Thanks to the skillful mind of former SEC commissioner Mike Slive, the SEC has stayed ahead of the curve for most of the 2000's. New commissioner Greg Sankey is in the infancy of his reign as league commissioner, but if he wants to give the SEC another leg up on the competition, he could take a radical step into future planning.
Yes, as shocking as it sounds to accuse CNN of doing such a thing (see CAUGHT: CNN Forced to Apologize For Doctoring Violent Milwaukee Video), let’s take a look. First, what CNN aired…
I got it from the FFL dealer 12/23/14 and when I got it home, measured the chamber with a Hornady C.O.A.L gauge. I reloaded 50 cartridges with IMR 7828 SSC, 80 gr. and seated the bullets so the length was 3.779" I mounted a Vortex Viper PST 6-24X50 with the MRAD reticle and 2 days later took it to the range. I started with 100 yards, and my 5th, 6th, and 7th shots were in a 1" bullseye, 2 going through the same hole. I switched to a 3" target at 100 yards and had a 3 shot group .5" just high and to the left, made the adjustments to center in the small bullseye and noticed the scope rings had loosened even using locktite, so I stopped. I've ordered Vortex's Precision Matched 30mm rings and am waiting to receive them. Once I remount the scope using the new rings, I'm going to zero it for 200 yards and post another review, but initially I'm VERY pleased! Oh, this is my 4th Savage rifle. I have a model 114 in 7mm magnum and can hit golf balls all day long at 100 yards. Dropped a large doe at 70 yards and she never even kicked because I shot the top of her heart off.
“It doesn’t change the way I play,” Sherman said. “I’ve always tried to tackle with the best form, and not try to always get people down on the ground without using my head. But it doesn’t change the way I think about the game or how I feel about my kids playing the game. I feel like this game has given me a lot more than its taken. It obviously takes a toll on your body and you understand the risks going into it, but you also have to understand that it’s taught me discipline, hard work, teamwork, being dependable, being available, how to be a leader, how to work past adversity. Just so many things that you use in your everyday life. And you can’t take that for granted. So maybe my son doesn’t end up being a professional athlete, maybe he never even plays a sport, but I wouldn’t hold him back from something that’s been so great to me.”
The BAFTAs take place February 8 at Grovesnor House Hotel in London.
Ruby, extremely annoyed and angered by her best friend and sister arguing, then interrupted the argument by firing a round from Crescent Rose into the air before she screamed, "JUST MOTHERFUCKING STOP YOUR POINTLESS FUCKING ARGUING! YOU CUNTS HAVE DONE NOTHING BUT GIVE EACH OTHER DIRTY LOOKS, BARELY INTERACT WITH EACH OTHER, AND HAVE THESE STUPID FUCKING FIGHTS SINCE YOU BROKE UP! YOU TWO ARE SUPPOSED TO PUT THAT ASIDE AS TEAMMATES AND HUNTERS, OR ELSE YOUR CONFLICT WILL GETS US ALL FUCKING KILLED!" Ruby then took a deep breath. "Do you assholes even like each other as friends anymore?! Do you two wants all of us to go back in boxes like Oobleck?! Do you want Dad to have to cry for us like she did for Mom, Yang?! Do you want to die without redeeming your name from the White Fang, Blake?!"
After the beginning ceremonies, Ozpin took to the stand and began a speech. "My name is Brigadier General Michael James Ozpin. I am the Headmaster of Beacon Academy, and I have served my country as both a soldier in the army and as a huntsman in the Hunting Corps since I first went here as a student in 1985. I first met Ozpin when I was a teacher here. It was my first year teaching here at Beacon Academy. He was a very active student, and he often engaged in debates with other teachers and students involving various topics, such as faunus, campus policies, and foreign policy. He was one of several key participants in the fight to allow access to birth control on campus, and he also organised a petition with over 5,000 signatures to the Governing Council of Vale and the King of Vale at the time, Delwyn III, to pass anti-hate crime legislation for not only faunus, but also LGBT individuals, immigrants, and numerous ethnic and religious minorities. After he graduated from Beacon as a Valedictorian and served in active duty for several years, I contacted him and asked if he would consider becoming a teacher at Beacon. Of course, he took up the offer and became one of the most beloved teachers here."
"One of the last things Oobleck said to me was, pardon my language here, "I'm getting too old for this shit." I could tell he was saying it in a joking manner, but I still said to him, "Oobleck, you're 42 years old and have the energy of someone half your age. You won't be getting too old for this job anytime soon." He laughed and agreed with me. You know, I will always mourn his loss, but at the very least, I can take comfort in knowing that he died doing what he loved. Hunting Grimm was his life, and he was prepared to give up his life every time he went out onto the battlefield. And thus, the story of one of the greatest teachers in Beacon's history may be ending, but in all of you, a new story is just beginning. Thank you." The audience then applauded his speech and cheered.
After 6 more long speeches by Oobleck's family and friends, the amphitheatre fell silent. As the audience fell silent soon afterwards, the honour guard took the flag wrapped around his coffin and held it above the sleek and wooden coffin.
"I remember when I took it," Weiss said. "I was just 14 and I had been in the fire company for 2 years by that point. Those were some fun times. I still have my gear from when I first started. Unfortunately, it doesn't fit anymore since puberty and boobs happened, but I still keep it around as a memento to those days."
"Wanna see a picture of me at 12, Weiss?" Yang then took out her phone. "Here's me at Signal when I was 12. I had my hair in a ponytail back then because who the fuck cares. My chest size was B at the time. I was early, developing at 9 and getting a period just 2 months after I turned 11. I say my biological mom, Raven, was to blame, considering her chest size is F. Summer on the other hand was a C, explaining Ruby's growth or lack thereof compared to me."
As for the Arab Spring Obama embraced, that has given us the Muslim Brotherhood in Cairo and jihadi in Sinai. Our departure from Iraq paved the way to a new sectarian war. The surge troops are out of Afghanistan, and the remaining U.S. troops no longer partner with the Afghan soldiers who are to take over the war.
"The investigations into the latest collision will take time to reach their conclusions, but there is no denying the fact that the increased activities by U.S. warships in Asia-Pacific since Washington initiated its rebalancing to the region are making them a growing risk to commercial shipping," it said.
I’m Ed Key, one of the developers of Proteus along with composer David Kanaga. Proteus came out for the PC and Mac in January 2013 and had a fantastic reception from Edge, Eurogamer, IGN and many more. For something that started out as a weird experimental project between me and David, this was pretty mind-blowing, and it’s even crazier to now have the chance to bring it to PS3 and PS Vita with some brand new features that take advantage of Sony’s hardware.
"Last week, we took a look at the religious right, those coveted evangelical voters that conservatives spent decades pandering to only to be dumped just before November prom for a heretical billionaire bully who only says the word 'God' when he is ejaculating on a pile of money," said Bee.
The initial plan was that the ATA would carry personnel, mail and medical supplies, but the pilots were immediately needed to work with the Royal Air Force (RAF) ferry pools transporting aircraft.[1] By 1 May 1940 the ATA had taken over transporting all military aircraft from factories to maintenance units to have guns and accessories installed. On 1 August 1941 the ATA took over all ferrying jobs.[2] This freed the much-needed combat pilots for combat duty. At one time there were fourteen ATA ferry pools as far apart as Hamble, between Southampton and Portsmouth, and Lossiemouth near Inverness in Scotland.
In late August 1939 the ATA was placed under British Airways Ltd for initial administration and finance,[1] but on 10 October 1939 Air Member for Supply and Organisation (AMSO) took over. The first pilots were assigned to RAF Reserve Command and attached to RAF flights to ferry trainers, fighters and bombers from factory and storage to Royal Air Force stations.[7] The ATA's Central Ferry Control, which allocated the required flights to all Ferry Pools, was based at RAF Andover.
Late in 1939 it was decided that a third and entirely civilian ferry pool should be set up at White Waltham, near Maidenhead in Berkshire. The operations of this pool began on 15 February 1940. On 16 May 1940 RAF Maintenance Command took control through its No. 41 Group. Then, on 22 July 1941, the ATA was placed under the control of Lord Beaverbrook's Ministry of Aircraft Production (MAP). Although control shifted between organisations, administration was always carried out by staff led by Commander Gerard d’Erlanger CBE, first at British Airways Ltd, then, after the merger in 1940, at BOAC.[2]
The ATA also took pilots from neutral countries. Representatives of 28 countries flew with the ATA.[8]
But, before we get into the effects of BFR training, let’s backtrack a bit, and take a look at why and how it works.
So, on the whole, we can take a few things away from these five studies that combined conventional high-intensity training and low-load BFR training and pretty well-trained athletes.
When you think through it, though, it makes sense. Plenty of things make muscle grow; tension, volume, metabolite accumulation, muscle damage, etc. With low-load BFR, tension is lower, metabolite accumulation is high, but not any higher than conventional training for 10+ reps, and there’s very, very little muscle damage that takes place. It gives you a solid growth stimulus, but nothing that you can’t also get from just picking up heavy stuff, and when you add it to a program that revolves around picking up heavy stuff, it doesn’t seem to offer any additional hypertrophy benefits.
Pick up heavy stuff as you generally would. You don’t need to really change your program to add low-load BFR since it’s exceptionally easy to recover from. After your heavy sets, do 3-4 sets of 15-40 reps with 20-30% of your max with BFR, resting about 30 seconds between sets. Whether you leave the wraps on between sets or take them off is up to you, but leaving them on seems to be better for muscle activation, and they’re annoying to take off and put back on between sets anyways. This works really well for squat and bench (or you could do leg press and DB press after your squat and bench work, if you prefer). Whether it helps the deadlift or not hasn’t been examined in the literature, and anecdotally, it doesn’t seem to help out your hammies as much as your quads. Though not required, I’d strongly recommend you also bust out a sweet superset or five for your arms. Who cares if science says it won’t make your arms grow any faster than regular curls and triceps extensions? You get the same hypertrophy effect, but you get it by way of stupidly awesome pumps, which is a benefit in and of itself.
The real story is that in a ward with 65% owner-occupiers and 67% economically active, the Tories could still only manage a measly 13% of the vote. That the large majority of £350,000 owner occupiers do not vote Tory. The real story is that the SNP took 44% to the Tories 13%. But no, the march of Ruth’s 13%ers has apparently changed the course of history. As Tom Robinson once sang, “It’s there in the papers, must be the truth”.
Occupy New Hampshire takes over White Park
"I used to go cray fishing, used to go pig catching, saddle the horses up — before they took me."
"From there we drove straight across over to Kinchela. Then they held us there and took off with the three younger sisters. We could hear them crying [and] screaming going down the street."
"He'd take someone else, and you'd be very thankful. You just don't want to think about it that way — but you could hear them crying and you knew what was going on."
What's next for the Buckeyes? Make sure you're in the loop -- take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Buckeyes newsletter now!
Originally released in 1987, Thunder Blade brings players to the helm of a heavily armed attack helicopter as they battle waves of foes in tanks, jets, and battleships across a variety of locations. Much like the other Sega offerings of its time, the story is kept light in favor of offering accessible and fast arcade-style gameplay. You're the good guy, everyone else is bad -- shoot them. Though unlike most other shoot-'em-up titles, Thunder Blade features a unique take on perspective, as the action will transition from an overhead angle to the over-the-shoulder look similar to Space Harrier during key sections of the stage. This dynamic switch of perspective made it a welcome fit for the 3D remaster.
Though they were keen on keeping the 3D remaster as it was with the original title, they did implement some new features -- both out of necessity and the desire to include new content with the original game. As some areas didn't take to the new 3D visuals too well, such as shadows glitching out and boss battles resulting in odd bugs, they had to be cut in order to preserve the experience. But in order to make up for this, they implemented a stage that's brand new to the original Thunder Blade. Okunari stated that the new level will be consistent with the rest of the game and really offer an exciting finish.
Here's a game we can probably agree is a good one: Sid Meier's Pirates! It doesn't tick every box on that list but it's close. It encompasses a stretch of the Caribbean and Spanish Main so big you need turbo mode to cross it, there are ships full of Spanish gold to take (and Dutch gold, French gold, and English gold), and you can buy low and sell high profitably enough that you don't even need to turn to piracy if you're boring. On the other hand its dueling is pretty simplistic and depending which version you play there might be a divisive ballroom dancing minigame in there as well.
"Really wish he would have made it through but you gotta take somebody off your roster at the time," Dombrowski said.
"When they told me the news, I was in shock," Smith said. "They took a chance on me back when I was in college, when I blew out my elbow. They were one of the few teams that still liked me so it’s hard. I’ve met so many great people and playing in Detroit was awesome. The fans were great. All-around, it was a first-class experience. Just kind of setting in now so it’s tough."
Every day Kelly would bring his multiple gloves to the field and take turns using each — ground balls in the infield, fly balls in the outfield.
Hundreds of small commercially operated drones could soon take to Australian skies under a radical new set of rules proposed by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) in Melbourne this week.
Under a new weight class system, prospective drone entrepreneurs with craft weighing 2 kilograms or less could take off after completing nothing more than an online application form.
The approvals process can take months and costs thousands of dollars, with applicants required to complete about 90 per cent of a conventional private pilot's course.
What to read next Drone journalism takes off : As the media starts to deploy small toy-like drones to cover stories, what ethical and safety issues are arising?
Metro continues to take actions to expand ORCA use throughout the system and reduce cash payments. [This includes…] working with our regional transit partners to implement a regional ORCA day-pass demonstration beginning in April.
Michael Jordan is rightfully hailed as basketball’s GOAT. He embodies every characteristic that the greatest needs: elite technical skills, incredible athletic ability, and the potential to take over games as an individual. He transcended basketball and brought it to a level of popularity previously unseen by the game. No one can take that away from him, and LeBron will never be able to accomplish that same feat.
all of the first four seasons of his career from 1961-64. The problem arises when looking at the era that Robertson played in. Statistics were staggering compared to today’s game. Furthermore, Robertson was not even the best player in the 60s: Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlain each took home four NBA MVPs during the 60s. Sure, the comparison could be made since the Big-O averaged a triple double one season and was less than half a rebound or assist away from averaging one inof the first four seasons of his career from 1961-64. The problem arises when looking at the era that Robertson played in. Statistics were staggering compared to today’s game. Furthermore, Robertson was not even the best player in the 60s: Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlaintook home four NBA MVPs during the 60s.
ESPN on this one, I’d take LeBron’s performance over Jordan’s. 29 of the final 30 points in the game? I’d love to see a basketball performance where someone was more unstoppable than this at the time when it matters most (fourth quarter and overtime). I disagree withon this one, I’d take LeBron’s performance over Jordan’s. 29 of the final 30 points in the game? I’d love to see a basketball performance where someone was more unstoppable than this at the time when it matters most (fourth quarter and overtime).
For those very reasons, I’ll take LeBron’s Game 6 performance over Jordan’s Game 2 or flu game. As for “clutch” storybook endings, LeBron and Jordan both have theirs. Somehow this is a requirement to be considered the greatest of all time because you need a moment that even non-basketball fans can say ‘wow, that guy is special.’ Jordan’s got the crossover of Bryon Russell when he sunk the free throw line jumper in the 1998 NBA Finals and LeBron’s got the fade-away three-pointer at the end of regulation in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals.
The IRA had sent telephoned warnings about 90 minutes before the bomb detonated. At least 75,000 people were evacuated from the area,[5] but the bomb squad were unable to defuse the bomb in time. More than 200 people were injured but there were no fatalities[6] despite the strength of the bomb, which has been largely credited to the fast response of emergency services in evacuating the city centre before the bomb could explode.[7][8] At the time, England was hosting the Euro '96 football championships and a Russia vs Germany match was to take place in Manchester the following day.
The IRA planned to carry out a similar bombing in Manchester. The city may have been chosen because it was one of the host cities of the Euro '96 football tournament, attended by visitors and media organisations from all over Europe, guaranteeing the IRA what Margaret Thatcher called the "oxygen of publicity". A Russia vs Germany match was to take place at Old Trafford in Manchester a day after the bombing. The year before, Manchester had also won its bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games,[21] at the time the biggest multi-sport event ever to be staged in Britain.
On 10 June 1996, multi-party negotiations began in Belfast. Sinn Féin had been elected to take part but were barred because the IRA had not resumed its ceasefire or agreed to disarm.[23]
The bomb squad arrived from their Liverpool base at 10:46 am and attempted to defuse the bomb using a remote-controlled device, but they ran out of time. The bomb exploded at 11:17 am, causing an estimated £700 million (£1.3 billion as of 2018)[37] of damage and affecting a third of the city centre's retail space. Marks & Spencer, the sky bridge connecting it with the Arndale Centre, and neighbouring buildings were destroyed.[1] It was the largest peacetime bomb ever detonated in Great Britain,[14] and the blast created a mushroom cloud which rose 300 metres (1,000 feet) from the ground.[38] The explosion could be heard up to 15 miles away and left a crater 15 metres wide.[25] Glass and masonry were thrown into the air, and behind the police cordon – up to 1⁄ 2 mi (800 m) away, people were showered by falling debris.[39] There were no fatalities, but 212 people were injured. A search of the area for casualties was confused by mannequins blasted from shop windows, which were sometimes mistaken for bodies. Hospitals across Greater Manchester were made ready to receive those injured in the blast.[1] The police commandeered a Metrolink tram to take 50 of the casualties to North Manchester General Hospital, which treated 79 in total; a further 80 were cared for at the Manchester Royal Infirmary, and many others were treated in the streets by ambulance crews assisted by doctors and nurses who happened to be in the city centre that morning.
Their investigation was led by Detective Chief Inspector Gordon Mutch of the Greater Manchester Police (GMP), "astonishingly ... the only person ever charged with a criminal offence in connection with the Manchester bomb". The van's last registered owner told police that he had sold it to a dealer in Peterborough, who had in turn sold the van on to a man calling himself Tom Fox, two weeks before the bombing. After the purchase price was delivered in cash by a taxi driver, the dealer was instructed to take the van to a nearby lorry park, and leave it there with the keys and documents hidden inside.
According to Home Office statistics, an estimated 400 businesses within half a mile (0.8 km) of the blast were affected, 40% of which did not recover.[72] The heaviest damage was sustained by the three buildings nearest the bomb: Michael House, comprising a Marks & Spencer store and a six-storey office block; Longridge House, offices for Royal and Sun Alliance, an insurance company; and the Arndale Centre, a shopping mall.[73] Michael House was deemed beyond economic repair and demolished. Marks & Spencer took the opportunity to acquire and demolish the adjacent Longridge House, using the enlarged site for the world's biggest branch of the store.[69] The company's fortunes changed during construction, and Selfridges subsequently co-occupied the building; Marks & Spencer leased part of the Lewis's store in the interim.[73] The frontage of the Arndale was badly damaged and was removed in a remodelling of that part of the city centre.[69]
The glass domes of the Corn Exchange and the Royal Exchange were blown in. The landlord of the Corn Exchange invoked a force majeure condition in the lease to evict all tenants, and the building was converted into a shopping centre. The dome of the Royal Exchange shifted in the blast; its reconstruction took two and a half years and cost £32 million, paid for by the National Lottery.[78]
Efforts at improvement before the bombing had in some respects made matters worse, cutting off the area north of the Arndale Centre – the exterior of which was widely unloved – from the rest of the city centre. A large building nearby, now redeveloped as The Printworks and formerly occupied by the Daily Mirror newspaper, had been unoccupied since 1987. Many locals therefore considered that "the bomb was the best thing that ever happened to Manchester",[85] as it cleared the way for redevelopment of the dysfunctional city centre, a view also expressed in 2007 by Terry Rooney, MP for Bradford North. The leader of the Liberal Democrat opposition on Manchester City Council, Simon Ashley, responded that "I take exception to his [Rooney's] comments about the IRA bomb. No one who was in the city on that day, who lost their jobs or was scared witless or injured by the blast, would say the bomb was the best thing to happen to Manchester".[86] Sir Gerald Kaufman, MP for Manchester Gorton, stated that the bomb provided the opportunity for redeveloping Manchester city centre, although it was not fully exploited. "The bomb was obviously bad but from a redevelopment point of view, it was a lost opportunity. While the area around St Ann's Square and Deansgate is not disagreeable, if you compare it with Birmingham and its exciting development, we've got nothing to touch that in Manchester".[86] Howard Bernstein, chief executive of Manchester City Council, has been quoted as saying "people say the bomb turned out to be a great thing for Manchester. That's rubbish." There was already substantial regeneration and redevelopment taking place in the city centre before the bombing, in support of the Manchester bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics, its second Olympic bid. Tom Bloxham, chairman of property development group Urban Splash and of the Arts Council England (North West), agreed with Bernstein that the bomb attack was not the trigger for the large-scale redevelopment that has taken place in Manchester since the early 1990s:
This summer, Vermont took a couple of step toward smart contracts, agreements that contain technology that automatically tracks versions and authors. On June 3, Peter Shumlin, the state's governor, signed an economic development act into law that commissioned a report on the opportunities and risks of using blockchain technology to validate public records and "electronic facts."
It’s been a while since I last took part in the Peanut Butter Bash Group but its time to join in again! Because of my job I have had to sit the last few months out but this is fate because the month I could join in again was banana month……. seriously anyone who has read this blog for a while will know just how obsessed with all things banana I am, so I could’t wait to try these two together. And I came up with this Light and Fluffy Peanut Butter Banana Layer Cake.
In spite of the restrictions, many US pilots took advantage of a "hot pursuit" exception to flying over China to pursue MiGs across the Yalu River. Later, "hot pursuit" became active MiG hunting over Manchuria, with US pilots maintaining a "code of silence" about the patrols. Flight leaders chose wingmen who would keep quiet, and many rolls of incriminating gun camera footage "mysteriously" disappeared.[37][better source needed]
Keeping with what has almost become a Technibble tradition, its time again to take a peek at the Technibble forum members workbenches. Its a great way for technicians to get inspiration for your own setups, see how others are doing it and for the owners to show off a little.
Bosses said before the attacks foreign tourists had been flocking to the UK to take advantage of the weak pound.
The company's London Eye sits just next to Westminster Bridge - where the March attack took place.
The vehicle, known as "Maverick," uses a 100-metre runway to take off and flies under a parasail. But it also needs a 100-metre runway to make a safe landing.
America was designed around the idea that democracy could be constrained by rules on paper. If we cannot have the best leading us, we can plan for an average equal robot-citizen to take the role, and put enough rules in there to keep him from doing damage. Or could we? The history of America shows that this approach has failed.
It took them almost two centuries, but in 1968 the destroyers won. They did not want a nation. They wanted a jobs program with some kind of talking competition in which unexceptional people could become important just for destroying things and justifying it in creative ways.
Mrs Jones only took it to the show because her husband was taking some books.
The concept / conspiracy theory that election polling this year is “skewed” toward oversampling Democratic voters–meaning they give falsely strong results for Obama–has, through social media and the Drudge Report, reached full-on Internet meme status. (Go on Twitter after any major poll release, search for “Obama poll” or “Romney poll” and watch your screen fill with disgruntled amateur statisticians muttering about “D +9 sampling.”) And now the polling conspiracists have their own website, UnSkewedPolls.com, which essentially takes existing polls and changes the numbers so that Mitt Romney is winning them.
Well, there’s more to it than that—not a lot more, but more. The idea behind UnSkewedPolls.com is that there should be a far greater ratio of Republicans to Democrats in the electorate today than voters are telling pollsters that there is. The site takes data from major public polls, opens them up, and recalculates the percentages based on these much-more-GOP-friendly assumptions. In the RealClearPolitics average of national polls this morning, as I write this, Barack Obama leads by 3.7%. In the world of UnSkewedPolls.com, Romney is currently up by 7.8%. Click, tap–hello, landslide!
People more astute politically or accomplished at statistics than I can better detail the problems with this approach. (To take just one example, even if you accept this site’s premise, it’s applying the same recalculating method to polls with different methodologies—peeling oranges like apples.) But the mere fact that this mindset has developed, has quickly spread and has become the current weapon of choice for mau-mauing election coverage on behalf of an aggrieved party says something about how hospitable political culture has become to conspiracies.
But Trump does deserve it. Not only does he deserve it on a basic and obvious moral level, but he deserves it because significant, symbolic rebukes to white supremacy are effective means of driving it back into the discredited silence where it belongs. Ryan is fortunate, in a way, that the events in Charlottesville, and Trump’s response to them, occurred amid a lengthy congressional recess, with Republican elected officials scattered across the country rather than gathered in Washington, D.C. That is the one thing insulating Ryan and his party from answering for their apparent determination to see Trump clear of the political consequences of siding with neo-Nazis. But the winners who will benefit from Ryan’s good fortune aren’t Republicans in Congress or in the White House—they are the racists who will take note when the censure resolution fails.
Next, how about we take a look at his production in his seven full seasons in the NHL.
Goodman: I’m the academic director of our Teach for America program at UPenn and our TFA students are teachers in these schools. So I can go in to look at what our students and their teachers are doing, and then students tell me a lot about what’s going on. I have also done a good bit of visiting. The charters are hospitable to that. A lot of this is anecdotal, and much is based on what the schools have written, which is public. My work is investigative, I think, more than formal research. But you’re right—it takes a huge effort to try to get into these schools for any systematic research. They don’t welcome outsiders to study them. And they have a point. What academics do when they go in is criticize, and you can see why they might not like that. I think they’ll let just about anybody in for a visit. But to go in and have the schools really cooperate with an investigator, that’s a whole lot harder. What are the day-to-day processes that are happening in the classroom? How do teachers feel about these processes? How much range of behavior is there? It would be great to be able to investigate these sorts of questions, but the schools wouldn’t welcome that.
Goodman: Well yes—as kids learn and adapt to this regime there’s less time spent on discipline. It takes a while for the kids to adapt to this because it’s so out of their experience. The older kids are still getting merits and demerits all the way through high school, though. In some schools they wear these lanyards that get marked, and when they accumulate a certain number of demerits things happen to them. By 12th grade, the kids are almost giving the demerits to themselves, they’re so accustomed by this point. You might think that if this is still going on in 12th grade, then the kids can’t have internalized all of this very well, but they do get used to it. They do adapt.
Goodman: One thing about these atmospheres is that they’re very uniform. Everybody is on board—you don’t have variability from teacher to teacher or class to class. The atmosphere is totalizing. And the children tend to model themselves after this authority. It has that effect on kids, that they identify with the rules of the regime and their identity becomes *a kid in this school who conforms to these rules.* Now some of the students, of course, don’t conform to the rules, and I think that if you get the kids later in life it’s much harder. But if you get them early, you develop their sense of self that accords with those of the authority. The adults know everything, they know nothing. Here’s what’s good, here’s what’s right. You’ll be successful and happy if you take on these characteristics. Without these rules you’ll be bad or impulsive and you’ll destroy your future. You may not be having fun but you’re doing what’s important. We know best. And the kids come to believe that. As the social psychologists have shown, in totalizing environments, that’s often the result. They call it “identification with the oppressor.” Here oppressor should be changed to authority. There is very, very strong authority in these schools. The teachers are novice teachers, so they get molded too. I don’t think you could take highly experienced teachers—20 years of running a classroom—and put them into these schools and have the same kind of experience. It’s a really interesting study to see how both the teachers and the kids get acculturated.
Goodman: Not at all. I’m certainly not a hater. I think the basic idea of order, of developing habits—you walk into class, you put your things away, you sit down, you take out your book, teacher says good morning, shakes hands, you look at her—some of the habits they’re cultivating will be helpful to kids. And certainly the prohibition on violence makes for a safe community. The problem is that the approach is unbalanced. I think a certain amount of routine, habit forming, strictness, limiting certain behavior is good—but I would always be working towards reducing that. Once you’ve established a safe environment, for example, why not loosen up on the behavior regulations? If I were running one of these schools I would feel that *OK—I have to do this* but I would always be working towards turning over more authority to the kids. That would be my goal all of the time. Let the kids be responsible for their behavior. Have more group work, more student councils, more kids in charge of their own lives.
Also I learned, we’re actually starting something really good here. The record might not show it, but people who pay attention to us and who know the Raiders, like yourself, you understand what we’re doing and what we’re building. Its going to take time, but our mindset is, we are trying to be playing at this time next year. We think that we can do that, obviously we have to add some pieces and keep working, and hopefully we are going to get there.
'Democracy takes effort'
"We are a democracy and democracy takes effort. I hereby grant you a two-week extension to form the coalition and bid you good luck," the president concluded.
If scientists are able to successfully take the photosynthesis process — which turns sunlight into chemical energy — and apply it to industrial biological systems, sunlight could be used to manufacture hydrogen, which could then be used as fuel. Hydrogen is already used as a fuel in many instances, and if applied on a large scale, it could serve as a replacement for petroleum — all the while contributing no new carbon to the atmosphere. Not only are the two main components required for photosynthesis available in wide abundance, but they are also cheap.
Big multinational companies take advantage of tax havens to minimize their corporate income tax bill by internally shifting profit-making assets to subsidiaries located in low-tax countries. For example, Apple's global sales go through its subsidiary company in Ireland, which has lower corporate income tax.
Data culled from the documents by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, and presented in several charts on the group’s website, show that the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca, which specialized in setting up offshore accounts and shell companies for wealthy people, has been steadily reducing its activity in Panama for about a decade. As it happens, the decline began about the time the Bush administration and Panama began discussing a free-trade pact — and accelerated after the deal took effect during Mr. Obama’s first term. [...] The Obama administration, backed by members of Congress, made it clear the free-trade deal — which Panama badly wanted, to match a deal between its Central American neighbors and the United States — hinged on a separate agreement granting U.S. tax authorities more access to Panama’s financial system. The United States particularly insisted on plugging the "bearer shares" loophole. Panama agreed and changed its laws accordingly — before the free-trade agreement reached the Senate and Mr. Sanders nevertheless voted "no," claiming, wrongly, that it would make the tax haven "worse."
"They have tried to use the robot to go in there with cameras to take a look at the device and neutralise it if needed," said Faulkner.
"The Defence Force is more aware of bomb scares in New Zealand and there's good grounds. At the moment they have to take them seriously because of what's happening nationally and internationally."
"It's a safe place (Hamilton) but it takes only one incident to shatter that belief."
The burying of the hatchet comes less than two months after T-Mobile launched new plans aimed at business customers with a simplified rate structure in an effort to take away business from Verizon and AT&T. Although BlackBerry has seen its market share dwindle in recent years, many government workers and those in the legal, finance and medical professions still use BlackBerry phones. Selling the Classic could be a way for T-Mobile to step up its presence in the enterprise and small-and-medium-business markets.
After the hard fork on August 1 that produced Bitcoin Cash, many bitcoiners have been waiting for the possibility of a fork taking place this November with the Segwit2x plan. However, a lot of bitcoin proponents don’t know about another fork called “Bitcoin Gold” (BTG) that’s scheduled to take place on October 25th.
Even though it was announced back in July the news of the Bitcoin Gold fork is just starting to come around people’s radar. Some believe the announcement and the project’s website is a “troll attempt” to create confusion and dilute the power of the Bitcoin Cash fork and Segwit2x. The Bitcoin Gold protocol has available code on Github for review and has multiple social media accounts for Twitter, Facebook, and a Slack channel. Currently, there are over 250 members in the Bitcoin Gold Slack channel, and many of the visitors seem excited about the new fork. Even though the user-activated hard fork will take place on October 25 the full network launch is scheduled for November 1.
The developer also throws out a few opinions throughout the general chat channel about mining centralization. “ASIC leads to centralization — Evil ASIC manufacturers want to take up Bitcoin,” the BTG developer emphasizes. News.Bitcoin.com briefly spoke with Bitcoin Gold’s lead developer who calls himself “H4x3” over the team’s Slack channel about the project. “I can confirm the PoW will be changed to Equihash and the fork date is October 25,” explains the developer. We sent some questions to Jack Liao and H4x3 because the lead developer told us our questions were “too sensitive” to answer alone. The BTG team has not yet responded to our emailed questions.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
But the chance of that happening decreased further on Friday, when social democrats replaced their leader, Finance Minister Jutta Urpilainen, with union boss Antti Rinne, who has advocated state take a bigger role in the economy.
It’s no secret that younger Americans do not rely on the nightly news, cable networks or printed newspapers for information in the way many older people do. The internet has opened access to foreign news media, which often has a different take in Israel, and has opened up a stream of links to to first-hand accounts as well as writing by analysts and activists who offer insights and information wilfully ignored by the Bob Schieffers and Sean Hannitys of the world.
Seismic data from Colima volcano (Mexico) continue to be unavailable. The Colima volcanocam showed no obvious surface activity when viewed a few hours ago. Exhalations occurred at an average rate of nearly two events per hour at Popocatepetl volcano overnight. An exceptionally large outburst took place at the volcano earlier today and launched an ash-laden plume to over a kilometer in height above the cone. The Popo seismogram continues to show mainly low-level volcanic tremor occurring within/beneath the cone.
As time goes on, most of us tend to have fewer friends in Quadrants 2-4, because A) people mature, and B) people have more self-respect and higher standards for what they’ll deal with as they get older. But the fact is, friendships made in the formative years often stick, whether they’re ideal or not, leaving most of us with a portion of our Tier 1 and Tier 2 friendships that just don’t make that much sense. We’ll get to the great, Quadrant 1 friendships later in the post, but in order to treat those relationships properly, we need to take a thorough look at the odd ones first. Here are 10 common ones—
There are lopsided situations where one person is far more interested in hanging out than the other (we’ll get to those later), but in the case we’re talking about here, both parties often think it’s a lopsided situation without realizing that the other person actually feels the same way—that’s why it takes so long to schedule a time. When someone’s excited about something, they figure out how to get it into their schedule—when they’re not, they figure out ways to push it farther into the future.
The key for independent coffeehouse owners who want to thrive with a Starbucks next-door is that they don’t try to imitate Starbucks. (As many failed coffee chains can attest, there’s no way to beat Starbucks at being Starbucks.) The locally owned cafes that offer their own unique spin on the coffeehouse experience—and, crucially, a quality brew—are the ones that give the Seattle behemoth fits. Serve an appetizing enough cappuccino, and you can even follow Hyman’s lead and take aim at almighty Starbucks, where automated espresso machines now pull consistently middling shots at the touch of a button—no employee craftsmanship required.
I need some advice... I'm a 29 year old female, college graduate, and firmly situated in a great job. I've been dating my 29 year old boyfriend for a year and a half. I love him and I know he loves me. We have a great relationship, enjoy each other's company, and our families love us and emotionally support us. We both are adults with our own homes. We don't live together. We have friends and hobbies. We're both physically active and take care of our bodies. He gets me and loves me for who I am. He defends me and provides a listening ear when I need it. He also isn't afraid to call me out when I'm wrong. He's become one of my closest friends. I love him for all those things.
If Bill 6 is passed and indeed takes effect on Jan. 1, Vandervalk says farmers and ranchers aren't sure if neighbours could casually pitch in with cow branding or if children younger than 16 could help or even accompany their parents if they're working long hours.
There have been cases in Saskatchewan of confusion, however, where parents have run afoul of labour laws for having their kids take on particular tasks on the family farm.
The Samsung Galaxy Amp Prime is a larger handset of the two, featuring a 5-inch super AMOLED display. The phone comes with 5-megapixel camera with Quick Launch and HD videos and a front facing camera that can take selfies with simple hand gesture. The Amp Prime also features One-handed operation mode, Easy Mode for beginners with simpler interface and Ultra Power Savings Mode that extends phone’s standby time for up to 24 hours with just a 10% charge.
Still, if members of Congress take a tough vote and the bill becomes law, at least they’ve achieved something. The worst outcome for a leader, though, is if you force your members to take a tough vote and then the bill fails anyway. Then you’ve forced them to stick their necks out for no benefit, and made them more vulnerable to attacks in the next election.
Finally, Trump is vindictive and legendarily holds on to grudges. Rather than try to make GOP members of Congress more comfortable, he may want to force them to take a clear stand for or against him — so, perhaps, he can retaliate against those who remain defiant.
The Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 will both draw more power through a micro USB charger than the wireless charger, which is par for the course—wireless charging usually isn't as fast as charging through a cable. These differences in power draw are reflected in charge times. The Nexus 7 takes about two hours and 56 minutes to charge using its power adapter, but six hours and six minutes to charge using the wireless charger. The wireless charger draws about 25 percent less power, but it takes 100 percent more time to charge the tablet. Keep in mind that the convenience of wireless charging also takes longer and is less efficient.
The inside definitely needed the most attetion. There was dust in every crack and crevice. First all the top surface dirt had to be removed before we could start any real detail work. It took some time but the results were well worth it.
The Vibroy Portable Vibration Speaker turns everyday objects into speakers. Stick it to boxes, empty food containers, furniture, your coffee cup. Vibroy's mini module can turn just about anything into a speaker and it's so small that you can slip it into your pocket and take it everywhere you go. Does it work with your device? Yes, it probably does! If you can plug in your earbuds or headphones into it, chances are it will work with the Vibroy. Now wherever you go, you can vibrate the music!
The board and the flippers will be shelved as rugby takes over in the coming weeks and at 30 it’s a career opportunity he almost believed had passed him by.
Had marijuana become a problem for me, it would have been reflected in my job performance, and I would have been cut. I took my job seriously and would not have allowed that to happen. The point is, marijuana and excellence on the playing field are not mutually exclusive.
The report from the National Council of Welfare urges the governing Tories to take a long-term "investment" approach to preventing poverty, rather than a short-term program spending approach.
"An investment model is geared towards the longer term," says the report titled "The Dollars and Sense of Solving Poverty." "It may require larger initial resources and may take time, but there will be a far greater and more permanent pay-off."
Husted also reiterated his position that if both Issue 3 and Issue 2, a legislative anti-monopoly proposal, pass in November, the marijuana issue would be invalidated, regardless of which issue gets more votes. The language of Issue 2, plus the fact that it would take effect immediately, makes it the dominant issue.
�That doesn�t mean we took the democratic process away from them,� he said. �They just need to use it in the proper venue.�
"I made a personal commitment to the families of Newtown that we would not stop fighting, no matter how long it takes until we get the magazine limit passed," Greenwald said. "In talking with the families, they will tell you, the single most important piece of legislation to stop this kind of insanity in the future is that magazine limit."
Using only your voice, which will be uploaded into an App, this VOICIE, as he calls it, tells a lot about you and who you are. From your gender to the language that you speak, to your accent, which can even lead you to guessing someone’s eye colour. Howard makes some valid arguments in his thesis-like presentation where he has an Essay on Heritage as well as going into the linguistics of language. He certainly has done a lot of research and gone into great detail for the game. He says he is using Crowd Funding as a means to quickly ‘get’ the voicies and selfies he needs for the game. In short, it is a unique take on ‘Guess Who’ and with the inclusion of an App. He hopes this social media board game will evolve into its own product range including music, a toy hover car and even a TV game show. His experience in developing thousands of toys and games over the years, certainly puts this Aussie in the can-do bracket. We wish him all the best. Just search for The Selfie Board Game on Kickstarter.com is you wish to secure an EARLY copy of the game.
Don’t worry I didn’t forget about the video! Just in case the article wasn’t enough, I have a semi-playthrough ‘Let’s Play’ video available for you to watch! I worked hard on it so please take a look! I played the game for just about an hour an managed to get through about 6 of the 30+ endings!
Sen. Jeff Sessions, picked for attorney general, said he’s against any outright ban on immigration by Muslims, in contrast to Trump’s one-time call to suspend admittance of Muslims. Secretary of State candidate Rex Tillerson affirmed U.S. commitments to NATO and took a relatively hard line on Russia, both in contrast to Trump — though Tillerson irked GOP Sen. Marco Rubio by refusing to label Vladimir Putin a “war criminal.” And CIA pick Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas, affirmed his opposition to torture and said he would refuse any Trump order to torture, adding he could not imagine Trump would give such a directive. Trump, while campaigning, suggested bringing back waterboarding and more. Tillerson’s nomination is in question in light of concerns from Rubio and others, but it looks like smooth sailing for Pompeo; retired Gen. James Mattis for Defence; and retired Gen. John Kelly for Homeland Security, among others. “Pompeo’s very popular, Mattis, Kelly — these are popular selections,” said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. Sessions was denied confirmation once before by the Senate, but that was three decades ago for a federal judgeship. This time around the Alabaman is a sitting senator and was treated gently, for the most part, by his colleagues, even when Democrats brought up the racial issues that brought him down him last time around. There was potential for drama as Sen. Cory Booker, D-N. J., broke with Senate tradition to testify against his colleague, but it came on the second day of the hearing after Sessions had finished testifying, so he was not even in the room.
Then she took a step forward, her raised hand falling back to the plasma rifle clipped across her front.
The Sergeant took a step forward. “Psi-Corporal Khouri, what’s your twenty?”
Grec swept the wand of the geophys scanner over the snow in front of her as she walked. To operate the device she’d shifted up to take point, but with the directional marker in her HUD, she knew where she was supposed to be leading the group. She squeezed the wand a little harder and increased the radius of her sweep. The readings from the scanner, relayed to the display on the inside of her visor, were a little weird, but she hadn’t really had a chance to calibrate everything to zero. Not after Khouri had—
“Sergeant, we need to go back,” he said. “Maryam got separated and lost, is all. Horizon blindness. Everything on this iceball is white on white. Won’t take any time to pick her up. She’ll have dug in, back along—”
Furusawa turned to the Psi-Marine. “If she’s lost she’ll have dug in, like you said. We’ll pick her up on the way back. March on, Marine. The primary objective takes priority.”
Furusawa actually took a step forward, until her visor knocked against Anderson’s.
There was a burst of heavy rifle fire behind them. Grec didn’t turn, just ran in the direction indicated. Ahead, the flat, featureless snow plain began to rise into low hills, striations of dark rock showing through the ice. And at ten o’clock, a larger black shape: the entrance to a cave. They were sitting ducks in the open. Chances are they were sitting ducks under cover, as well, but the cave at least offered options. Grec took a chance and checked over her shoulder.
“Jesus, shit.” Anderson picked himself up, the First Sergeant helping him. Bowen and Palladio scrambled to their knees and crawled back to the cave entrance, quickly using the lip to rest their rifles as they took aim. Grec pushed herself onto her knees and turned on the ice, waiting for Alonso to come sliding in.
Bowen took first watch, which just meant standing and pointing his rifle at the cave entrance. The others were gathered at the back wall, two heatsticks from an emergency kit providing warmth and a sickly yellow light. The odd substance of the cave walls seemed to be an exceptionally good conductor of heat, so Furusawa had leaned the snapped, chemical-filled rods against the back wall, trying to keep them off the ice floor in case they melted through. She was sitting next to the sticks, the dead helmet of her combat suit next to her.
As soon as the psi-fi in each suit had shut off completely, they’d had to remove their helmets. The ambient temperature inside the cave was warmer than out in the open—a balmy minus eighteen centigrade—and the heatsticks were beginning to take that up admirably, but in the meantime each marine had unplugged the padding lining of their helmets, the design allowing them to be worn as emergency headgear in just such conditions. Nearby, Anderson sat against the back wall, his helmet wedged between his knees as he worked on the electrical systems inside it with a pair of fine tools.Without a psi-fi network, the helmets couldn’t pair with the combat suit computers, rendering them useless. The suits still had power, that was no problem, but with the psi-fi off for so long, the computers in each had gone to sleep. Over the last two hours they’d tried reboots, switching suit power packs, everything. Nothing worked. Now Anderson was trying something else, seeing if he could boot his helmet separately into a developer mode that would allow him to investigate the glitch.
“No,” said Furusawa, then she raised her rifle and walked to the cave entrance, indicating to Bowen that she would take over the watch.
She pushed herself to her feet, and took a step towards the unguarded cave mouth. As she moved, Anderson stepped between her and the entrance.
Anderson closed his eyes and slowly shook his head. “Don’t you get it, Kat?” he said. His smile vanished, replaced by an expression that was tight and angry, one that Grec didn’t like. Anderson took a step forward and Grec instinctively took a step back.
Grec shook her head, then went to wake the sergeant. Anderson had always been edgy, but he was cracking under the pressure. Grec wondered when his last Fleet evaluation had been. Surely he must have been due for a new one, one that would take him off active duty.
“Or we stay here and get added to the larder,” said Furusawa. She stopped at the entrance and handed the lightspeed transmitter to Grec, who took it in one hand. “Use the geophys,” said the sergeant. “We can watch it with the scanner, stay out of its way until we can get a signal up. Palladio can scramble the Spider’s sensors with his psi.”
“It takes more than one of us to jam a Spider,” said Palladio. “We’ll be dead before we reach the drop zone.”
Grec scrambled in the snow until she had her plasma rifle back in her hands. She raised the sight to her eye and took a deep breath, forcing herself to calm, to make the shot. Their weapons had been useless against the herculanium shell of the machine creature, but there was an opportunity here to hit something far more vulnerable.
Grec’s shot had no effect. The Spider was unstoppable, even in this immature state. She heard Furusawa order her to run, but the roaring of the Spider’s distress call was deafening and Grec decided that she hadn’t heard her properly. She raised her rifle to her eye again, pressed her cheek against the side of the weapon. Perhaps she could take out the legs, or the arms—maybe the joints were fragile, more susceptible to plasma bolts—before the thing got Palladio.
She took aim, trying to track the movement of the creature’s arms, but she was too slow. The pincers grabbed Palladio by the legs, and he cried out as he was pulled backwards. Grec swore, fired, but too high—if she tried for the arm joints now she’d hit the Psi-Marine. Her shots tore up the front center of the machine, dragging a vertical line between the sensor array on the front, but as the impact flashes faded, she could see the shots hadn’t even scratched it.
“That’s why it took Khouri. It figured out what she was, then came after the rest of us.” Palladio cried out in pain. “It’s trying to use me too . . . I can keep it jammed, but its drawing on the others back at the cave. It’ll break free before help arrives.”
Palladio was right, Grec knew. It took whole fireteams of Psi-Marines to jam Spider networks. One Psi-Marine—one injured Psi-Marine—couldn’t last long. Not even against an immature Spider—one that was tapping into the extra psi-power provided by its victims stored under the ice.
As if on cue, Palladio gasped and the machine took another step forward.
The sergeant had made the right decision. Grec knew this, even though she wasn’t sure she would have been able to do it herself. Despite being dragged under the snow and injured, Palladio had reached out with his mind to jam the Spider’s AI. The only way to prevent the Spider from burning out his mind and then killing Grec and the sergeant was to kill him. Suddenly breaking the psychic link—a link amplified by the minds of the dead marines the Spider was using as a battery—would send a shockwave back to the Spider, enough to fry its CPU. Furusawa had realized this and took the decision, one that would have saved her had Grec not intervened.
So why take issue with sweetness? For one thing, it’s an easy target. The most common complaint of people that don’t like cider is that it is too sweet. Generally this kind of statement suggests that the speaker hasn’t had the opportunity to try many ciders, and certainly the ciders offered by the Big Players are on the sweet end of the spectrum. What’s more, the Big Players muddy the waters by labeling some of their offerings as “dry” when on an objective basis they are anything but.
Warner’s counterpart on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffTech takes heat as anti-vaxers go viral Demands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara: It would seem 'odd and unusual' if Mueller report isn't made public MORE (D-Calif.), had similarly called for more details on the ad buys.
Well, Mrs. Perkins mostly stays put, except when she takes the girls away on vacation. More mercurial is Aline Bernstein (Nicole Kidman), a married theatrical set designer who has adopted Tom as her protégé and appointed herself his muse. This makes her Max’s rival, and also the most interesting and unpredictable person in the movie, even though — or perhaps precisely because — it lacks the imagination to know quite what to do with her.
I want to add some logging before and after computation. Instead of just adding this boilerplate code into function body let’s go other way. In C++11 we just can write high-order function which will take function as argument and return new function as result:
As Tuesday’s announcement makes clear, Microsoft scientists have been on the bleeding edge of white space research. The increasingly hip company intends to drop $10 billion to launch a new white space service in 12 states, including New York and Virginia, connecting an estimated two million Americans to the internet, The New York Times reports. This plan ought to please FCC chairman Ajit Pai, who’s made expanding high speed internet access a priority since he took the helm of the agency. Then again, many believe that Pai’s mission amounts to an empty promise, one that stands to line the pockets of big telecom companies instead of actually helping rural America. But that’s a whole ‘nother can of beans.
The former senior intelligence official said Cohen-Watnick had committed “serious protocol violations”. Among them were appearing to take responsibilities for certain covert programs away from the CIA and communicating with lower-level intelligence officials outside of established channels that ensure intelligence chiefs and deputies are aware of White House requests and concerns.
The pro-Palestinian marchers and pro-Israeli demonstrators didn’t cross paths, but Jewish-Israeli Boaz Steiner took it upon himself to walk amongst the pro-Palestinian protesters.
A boy named Wang Wei, a 15 year old student from Shanghai was badly beaten up by his dad Fang Wei. He then took him to a doctor and forced him to prescribe glasses for his son.
Schoolchildren in China are often made to take a nap after lunch rather than play outside; they then go home to do far more homework than anywhere outside East Asia. The older children in China have poor eyesights, as they stay indoors and not because of the country’s notorious pollution.
Northrop turned to Scaled Composites, renowned for its innovative designs and rapid fabrication cycle time, to build the prototype. The team is preparing to assemble the aircraft at Scaled’s facility in Mojave, California, with an eye toward first flight by year-end. Budget constraints are driving the Air Force and competitors to search for affordable options. Tom Vice, president of Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems, says this is partly achievable with speed in designing and manufacturing aircraft coupled with innovative designs that take life-cycle cost into account upfront.
That mention of cloud robotics isn't coincidental; Grishin is betting that there's a future in giving robots the same ability to benefit from cloud software and cloud hardware that smartphones have now. Like, let's take some sort of stupendously difficult problem that may or may not be solved (depending on who you ask), like grasping, and imagine how a cloud-based app store or service could improve it: your robot could be about as smart as a plastic spork with an arm and a Kinect on it, but as long as you've got the right app and a connection to the cloud, it doesn't matter. Your bot can simply send a 3D image of the object in question, some supercomputer somewhere can do some number crunching, and send back grasping instructions faster than you can say "wow, that was fast." Obviously, the RobotAppStore isn't set up for this kind of thing yet, but that's why now's the time to invest, I suppose.
The antagonist doesn’t have to be a person. It could be weather, circumstances, or the protagonist’s inner self. But, more often than not, the antagonist takes the form of a person. And crafting that person into a memorable and compelling character in his own right is vital to the success of your story.
Let’s a take a look at several categories into which your antagonist may fall, so you can choose the best one for your story.
HAYES: And the key here to me is, the conspiratorial thinking it requires to think that thousands of scientists across the globe are engaged in this massive hoax, which is basically what James Inhofe, who’s a sitting U.S. senator, believes, right? The conspiratorial thinking that it takes to believe that is really cuckoo. I mean, that is really out there.
KIM: Okay, I can't believe I'm going to take the other side on this. So obviously, I don't believe, you know, these views, and I think they’re sort of lunatic and really dangerous. On the other hand, large percentages of the American population believe that. And don't they have representation in that political process? And I also worry that if you have this circle of disqualified opinions, and you keep growing that circle, what that rewards is an incentive structure that depends on sort of an absolute certainty of emotion. Like a really kind of intense belief. And to keep feeding that, if the facts on the ground don't match, you invent a set of facts. And I think, actually, that is what has happened to the Republican Party. They’ve sort of produced this outrage machine.
People liked the movie. I mean, [laughs] I take a little bit of pride about the fact that Westerns aren’t supposed to work, black-lead movies aren’t supposed to work, and if they’re not supposed to work, slavery movies are really, really, really not supposed to work, and I made almost a half a billion dollars around the world and was actually even more of a success and greeted with more open arms in other countries. But ultimately, I think it was the movie. People just responded to the movie.
Well, it was a mistake to sue Gawker, and the mistake was—I was just pissed off at the time, and, like, “They can’t do that! Okay, let me sue them!” And it got kind of exciting for a second, because it looked like, you know, even though there was no precedent for it, it looked like it might be one of those things that could create a precedent. And that became very exciting. Well, it didn’t happen. So I dropped it. But I regret it now, because it actually took the spotlight off where I thought it deserved to be, which was on Hollywood practices of passing out stuff by artists’ representatives.
David Cameron today vowed that Britain will take 'thousands' more refugees as he promised to 'fulfil our moral responsibilities'.
Poll Should Britain agree to take more refugees? Yes No Should Britain agree to take more refugees? Yes 20099 votes
'We keep it under review. We work with our partners. We are taking thousands of people and we will take thousands of people. What matters is when they come they get a proper welcome and we look after them.'
'I strongly support the Government's continued aid for the refugee camps in the region and agree with you that we need much tougher action against people trafficking, but it is clear now that we also have a moral duty to act to take in more of these people and help them to rebuild their lives.'
Even poverty-stricken Bulgaria and Romania will be expected to take thousands of families.
However, the UK – which refused to join the scheme when it was originally set up in May – will not have to take in any refugees despite being one of the largest and wealthiest countries in the EU.
If the UK were to take the same share as the rest of the EU it would be expected to grant asylum to around 17,000 refugees - or 11 per cent of the total number.
PUBLIC PETITION FORCES DEBATE ON TAKING MORE REFUGEES More than 100,000 people have backed a petition calling for Britain to accept more refugees, triggering a debate in Parliament. At one point five people per second were backing the e-petition, urging the government to 'accept more asylum seekers and increase support for refugee migrants in the UK'. The petition adds: 'There is a global refugee crisis. The UK is not offering proportional asylum in comparison with European counterparts. 'We can't allow refugees who have risked their lives to escape horrendous conflict and violence to be left living in dire, unsafe and inhumane conditions in Europe. We must help.' By 10.30am it had passed the 100,000 threshold for it to be considered for a debate in Parliament. Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham called for MPs to debate whether the UK should take in more refugees when Parliament returns next week. 'David Cameron cannot continue to turn his back on the crisis. It is time for him to show leadership and restore Britain's reputation as a country that has always provided refuge to the vulnerable,' he said.
YVETTE'S SELFIE BRIGADE Yvette Cooper has written to all MPs urging them to take a selfie proclaiming that they would welcome more refugees in Britain. The Labour leadership candidate made her move after rival Andy Burnham appeared to claim credit for being the first of the contenders to call for the UK to grant more Syrians asylum. In her letter, the shadow home secretary told MPs the situation ‘transcends’ party politics and the Labour leadership race. She added: ‘We are writing to you now to encourage you to ... take a selfie with a #refugeeswelcome banner and put it on Twitter and Facebook, encouraging others to do the same.’
Turkey’s president Tayyip Erdogan accused EU states of being responsible for the death of every single victim of the crisis, saying: ‘European countries, which turned the Mediterranean Sea – the cradle of ancient civilisations – into a migrant cemetery are party to the crime that takes place when each refugee loses their life.’
Mr Gozi told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'It is clear that in front of this mess, in front of this particularly serious crisis, we would welcome that every country take on more responsibility.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has suggested that it should be possible to take some 10,000 people seeking asylum
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has suggested that it should be possible to take some 10,000 people seeking asylum.
She said: 'It is heartbreaking what is happening on our continent. We cannot keep turning our backs on this. We can - and must - do more. If every area in the UK took just ten families, we could offer sanctuary to 10,000 refugees. Let's not look back with shame at our inaction.'
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said the Government's refusal to take more than a few hundred refugees was 'morally wrong' and 'politically foolish' while Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said: 'We must do more.'
It went unreported for two years until the woman started dating a man who had been a Marine MP. Prosecutors say he made it his mission to take the case to police, pretending to befriend Millner and making up a story.
"In fact, it's bright enough over a lot of its orbit that we should have seen it already, if it's in the closest approaches to the sun," Brown told Space.com. Indeed, at closest approach, "you could almost see it with some backyard telescopes," he added. (Planet Nine's orbit likely brings it as close as 200 to 300 astronomical units, or AU, to the sun, and takes it as far away as 600 to 1,200 AU, Brown said. One AU is the average distance from Earth to the sun—about 93 million miles, or 150 million kilometers.)
“I’ll set the record straight. We’ve never gotten to Rogers and asked them for money for anything we haven’t got,” Beeston said. “They’ve been very, very generous with us when we took our salaries up from $90-million to $125-million. I think we’ll be up next year. There’s no question about that. They’ve been very supportive.”
Beeston also took issue with recent criticism directed at the Blue Jays’ inactivity at the trade deadline. Many, including right fielder Jose Bautista, expressed their disappointment that the Blue Jays didn’t add a player while the division rival New York Yankees added Brandon McCarthy, Chase Headley and Martin Prado.
This notation led an international team of Chilean, Argentinian and American paleontologists to take a closer look at Morturneria’s teeth.
However, adolescence is a time when one generally discovers their sexual orientation. When it comes to understanding one's sexual orientation, one should take as much time as is needed.
If not for all of you, I would probably be dead already, no joke. My body was completely shutting down, and it took a lot more strength than I could ever have alone to pursue extremely painful and effective treatments. Even though there still is no cure, and my life will likely end sooner than the time since this blog began, it has been made so much longer and so much better because of all of you.
At 7:00 p.m., I went to the cinema with B. and B. B., then we had something to eat at her place and watched a late-night movie until 1:00 a.m. I went home, I did some chores, then laid down on my bed. Mr. B. L. telephoned me at 3:15 a.m., as I requested. I got ready. A police car came to pick me up at 4:15 a.m. During the journey, no one said a word.We arrived at Marseilles' Baumettes prison. Everyone was there. The District Attorney (DA) [avocat général] arrived last. A large group formed. Twenty or thirty guards, the 'officials.' All along the path, brown blankets were spread on the ground to cover the sound of our footsteps. On the path, in three places, tables holding basins of water and towelsThe cell door was opened. I heard someone say that the prisoner was dozing, but not sleeping. He was made to 'get ready.' It took a long time, since he had an artificial leg and it had to be put on. We waited. No one spoke. I think this silence, and the apparent calmness of the prisoner, relieved those present. No one would have wanted to hear crying or protests. The group reformed itself, and we took the path back. The blankets on the ground had been pushed to the side slightly, and we were no longer trying to avoid making too much noise with our steps.The group stopped beside one of the tables. The prisoner was seated on a chair. His hands were locked behind his back with handcuffs. A guard gave him a filter cigarette. He started smoking without saying a word. He was young. Very dark hair, neatly styled. His face was rather handsome, with even features, but he was pallid and had dark circles under his eyes. He looked neither stupid nor brutish. Simply a handsome young man. He smoked, and complained immediately that his handcuffs were too tight. A guard approached and tried to loosen them. He complained again. At this moment, I noticed the executioner standing behind him, accompanied by two assistants. He was holding a cord.Originally, it was intended to replace the handcuffs with the cord, but in the end it was decided to just remove them, and the executioner said something horrible and tragic: 'See, you're free!' It sent a shiver down the spine... The prisoner continued to smoke his cigarette, which was nearly finished, and he was given another. His hands were free and he smoked slowly. I understood then that he was beginning to realize that it was all over - that he could not escape now - that his life would end here, and that the moments that he still had would last as long as that cigarette did.He requested his lawyers. Mr. P. and Mr. G. approached. He spoke to them as quietly as possible, because the executioner's two assistants were standing right by him, and it was as if they wanted to steal his last moments as a living man. He gave a piece of paper to Mr. P. who tore it at his request, and he gave an envelope to Mr. G. He spoke to them very little. There was one on either side of him and they did not speak to each other either. The wait continued. He requested the prison director and asked him a question about what would happen to his possessions.The second cigarette was finished. Quarter of an hour had already passed. A young and friendly guard approached with a bottle of rum and a glass. He asked the prisoner if he wanted a drink and poured him half a glass. The prisoner began to drink slowly. He understood then that his life would end when he had finished drinking. He spoke a little more with his lawyers. He called back the guard who gave him the rum and asked him to gather up the pieces of paper that Mr. P. had torn up and thrown to the ground. The guard bent down, picked up the pieces and gave them back to Mr. P., who put them in his pocket.It was at that moment that everything became confused. This man is going to die, he knows it; he knows that he can do nothing but delay the end by a few minutes. And he became almost like a child that will do anything to delay bedtime! A child who knows that he will be treated indulgently, and who makes use of it. The prisoner continued to drink his rum, slowly, in little sips. He called the Imam who came over and spoke to him in Arabic. He responded with a few words, also in Arabic.The glass was nearly empty and, in a last attempt, he requested another cigarette: aor a[unfiltered cigarettes made with strong, dark tobacco], because he didn't like the brand that he had been given. The request was made calmly, almost with dignity. But the executioner, who was becoming impatient, interrupted: "We've already been nice with him - very humane - we have to get this over and done with." In turn, the DA intervened to deny the cigarette, despite the prisoner repeating the request and adding very opportunely: "It will be the last." A sort of embarrassment came over the assistants. About twenty minutes had passed since the prisoner sat down on his chair. Twenty minutes, so long and yet so short.The request for this last cigarette brought back the reality, the 'identity' of the time which had just passed. We had been patient, we had stood waiting for twenty minutes while the prisoner, seated, expressed wishes which we immediately granted. We had allowed him to be the master of that time. It was his possession. Now, another reality was appearing. That time was being taken back from him. The last cigarette was denied, and to get it over and done with, he was hurried to finish his glass. He drank the last sip. Passed the glass to the guard. Immediately, one of the executioner's assistants took a pair of scissors from his shirt pocket and began to cut off the collar of the prisoner's blue shirt. The executioner signaled that the cut was not large enough. So, to simplify things, the assistant made two big cuts to the shoulders of the shirt and removed the entire shoulder section.Quickly (before the shirt collar was cut), his hands were tied behind his back with the cord. He was helped up. The guards opened a door in the corridor. The guillotine appeared, opposite the door. Almost without hesitating, I followed the guards who were pushing the prisoner and I entered the room (or, rather, a courtyard?) where the the 'machine' stood. Beside it was an open brown wicker basket. Everything went very quickly. His body was practically thrown down but, at that moment, I turned away. Not out of fear, but by a sort of instinctive and deep-rooted modesty (I can't find another word).I heard a dull sound. I turned round - blood, lots of blood, very red blood - the body had toppled into the basket. In a second, a life had been cut. The man who had spoken less than a minute earlier was nothing more than blue pyjamas in a basket. A guard took out a hose. The evidence of a crime needs to be erased quickly... I felt nauseous but I controlled myself. I had a feeling of cold indignation.We went into the office where the DA was childishly fussing around to prepare the official report. D. carefully verified every part. It's very important, the official report of an execution! At 5:10 a.m. I went home.I am writing these lines. It is 6:10 a.m.-- Monique Mabelly (Juge d'instruction)
Continue making vertical running stitches. When your stitching reaches the hole, take your thread or yarn over the hole and into the fabric on the other side, forming what resembles a vertical bridge over the hole. Stitching should extend 1/2 inch beyond the hole at both the top and bottom edges.
Mitchell Kingsley, who lives near the spot where the shooting took place, recalled hearing a series of shots.
“I think that it happened back in the past,” added Panetta, who took office July 1. “I know they’ve changed that procedure now, but nevertheless it’s something we should look at.”
Panetta has said he was fully briefed about the probe as soon as he took office in July. That investigation, however, did not examine the mortuary’s landfill-dumping.
Martin, 39, was arrested Saturday, but the incident took place last September, police said.
According to the Sheriff's Office, a passerby noticed the pillow cases, and people then took out the puppies, which had been stolen from their owner.
Always Trying to Escape When I was a student at MIT I was interested only in science; I was no good at anything else. But at MIT there was a rule: You have to take some humanities courses to get more "culture." Besides the English classes required were two electives, so I looked through the list, and right away I found astronomy--as a humanities course! So that year I escaped with astronomy. Then next year I looked further down the list, past French literature and courses like that, and found philosophy. It was the closest thing to science I could find.
Then, when I was getting tired, I noticed that I could think of two things at once. I discovered this when I was talking internally to myself about something, and while I was doing this, I was idly imagining two ropes connected to the end of my bed, going through some pulleys, and winding around a turning cylinder, slowly lifting the bed. I wasn't aware that I was imagining these ropes until I began to worry that one rope would catch on the other rope, and they wouldn't wind up smoothly. But I said, internally, "Oh, the tension will take care of that," and this interrupted the first thought I was having, and made me aware that I was thinking of two things at once.
It took me half a day before I remembered that I had said goodbye to a girl I liked very much, who had gone to Italy about two or three months before. She was a very nice girl, and I had decided that when she came back I was going to see her again. I don't know if she wore a gray suit, but it was perfectly clear, as soon as I thought of her, that she was the gray one.
They are helped by two men, one of whom is filming the operations with a mobile device. The man asks the girls their names and then helps them into another vehicle, saying it will take them across the border within one hour.
Stanley Milgram’s studies of obedience to authority provide insight into why people do things that are so counter to our norms and understanding of human nature that they seem either inexplicable, or the result of some form of pathology (Milgram, 1963). Usually, people interpret Milgram’s studies as revealing how obedient most of us are to authority or as evidence that the situation determines behavior. Another lesson of these experiments, however, may be more relevant to understanding cases of fraud: how easy it is to take the first small step on the slippery slope of violating our own norms and values, and how difficult it is to stop once the downward slide gains momentum (Modigliani & Rochat, 1995).
To be fair, we are all flawed, nonperfect human beings. Although the well-being of our science and our society, require that fraud be punished severely, merely focusing on the perpetrator may divert our attention from the fraud within us all. Although we don’t all fabricate data or run Ponzi schemes, if we look closely at our lives, surely all of us can find places where we took that first step, and perhaps several, down one slippery slope or another. Perhaps we transgressed in some minor way–snapped at our children, or borrowed a few words from someone without attribution. Perhaps we refused a request for some service or another because we wanted to focus on advancing our own careers. Because people are human, if we look for things we’ve done that violate, even just a tiny bit, our own moral values, surely we will find them.
All of these transgressions, minor or major, may have started with a little fear of our egos. Milgram’s studies do not address the issue of why his participants administered the first 15 volts of shock. 100% of participants in his first study took this first step, so the data offer no clues as to why people might draw the line and not even take the first step. Through the lens of my own research, I suspect that something in this situation triggers egoistic concerns for participants; some fear or little anxiety was triggered. It wasn’t fear of losing their $4.50 payment for participating; Milgram assured subjects that the money was theirs to keep, no matter what. Instead, it was likely some fear of what noncompliance would mean about them (I wasted my time coming here; I’m not helpful; I’m the trouble-maker; I’m the one who screwed up science), or fear of being judged negatively by the experimenter. In some small, perhaps imperceptible way, noncompliance represented a threat to subjects’ self-image or public image.
The difficult question then becomes, how can we stop the slide? Again, Milgram’s study is instructive. A meta-analysis of data from eight of Milgram’s obedience experiments showed that defiance of the experimenter was most likely at 150 volts, when the learner first requested to be released from the study (Packer, 2008). Although not conclusive, this finding suggests that, for defiant participants, at some point concern for the well-being of the learner took priority over concerns for self-image or public image that prevented defiance of the experimenter.
In this regard, we should all feel gratitude toward, and admiration for, those people who took the risk to stop something unacceptable when they saw it. Surely, they experienced egoistic fears—Will they believe me? What will happen to me? Will my own reputation be tarnished? But they acted for the common good in spite of those fears, and I, for one, thank them.
SECTION 3. This act takes effect upon approval by the Governor.
Japan was at war during the Sengoku Period between 1467 and 1600, as feudal lords vied for supremacy.[7] Matchlock guns were used extensively and had a decisive role in warfare. In 1549, Oda Nobunaga ordered 500 matchlocks to be made for his armies. The benefits of firearms were still relatively questionable however compared to other weapons. At the time, guns were still rather primitive and cumbersome. According to one estimate in 16th century Japan, an archer could fire 15 arrows in the time a gunner would take to load, charge, and shoot a firearm.[8] Effective range also was only 80 to 100 meters, and at that distance, a bullet could easily bounce off armour. Furthermore, matchlocks were vulnerable to humid or rainy conditions as the powder would become damp.[8] However, firearms could be manned effectively by farmers or non-samurai low-ranking soldiers.[9]
In my view, both were doing the best they could under ugly circumstances to work for the common greater good- end of this neoliberal tyranny, recognition of the ugly reality for the majority, and swift accountability for those who orchestrated and profited off this corporate takeover and subversion of our democracy. Those are the overlapping goals I firmly believe we must build on to take our country back; surely it far outweighs what might divide us all?
We offered a charity bet to all of the main party leaders, and the only one to take us up was Nigel Farage. He’s had his £500 on Soll at 20/1, with any proceeds going to the RNLI.
Days before our trip to Kalinga, we visited a friend who’s had his “batok” last year and has visited Buscalan many times already. Aside from the usual warnings of the dangerous road and rough trek, he mentioned, “Pero eto ang pinakamadumi na tato ah. Hanggang ngayon pag pinipisil ko yung tato ko, may lumalabas eh.” (“This is the dirtiest tattoo. Even now, when I pinch it, something comes out.”) I asked him if he ever had it checked by a doctor, he said no, simply because it will defeat the purpose of having it done traditionally. Also he was a friend of the group Tado was with on the way there, so he knew the people who died to take this journey, may they rest in peace, that’s why he asked me if I still wanted to go. You can also discover in blogs that though Whang Od changes the pine needle to use per person, she does not change the cloth she uses to wipe over the skin of those getting their tattoos. Even if you give her a new one to use, she won’t allow it. The ink to be used is the soot from her cooking-ware mixed with water.
After we’ve been permanently branded a traditional Buscalan art, I was more than overwhelmed. I was exhilarated. I have never felt more alive and proud. The throbbing wasn’t so unbearable after. They just put coconut oil on it and said we didn’t have to put anything after. It looked like pointillism and it was swelling more than my previous tattoos after an hour. We were allowed to take a bath that afternoon, but getting it wet a day after wasn’t advisable since it might affect the natural scattering of the ink. The following day, about four inches of my arm was swelling in length, and an inch more in terms of width.
“For us a woman’s leadership at this time would be a good thing. Also for many, like Trump and others, they think that the Syrian conflict is comparing Assad with ISIS and they have to take one side or the other, and of course for them Assad will look more prominent than ISIS,” said Kabawat.
So the trend towards war with China remains in motion as I warned of in my in-depth analysis in the Trump Reset series that concluded BEFORE Donald Trump took office of why the US was inevitably trending towards War with China and therefore to understand why events such as a bellicose North Korea are happening one needs to look through prism of the world’s TWO global military and economic super powers. The United States as the defacto global super power, and the emerging Chinese super power that ultimately seeks to displace the United States with its own military and economic global empire.
In a speech on Saturday at a security conference in Bahrain, Carter said the additional troops would “continue organising, training, equipping, and otherwise enabling capable, motivated local forces” to take the fight to Isis.
JavaScriptDB features a dynamic approach to indexing that minimizes the configuration and management required to create and maintain tables, and maximizes performance. By default, JavaScriptDB indexes all properties of persisted objects, so typical queries can almost always be run in fast O(log n) time. However, the indexer does not block write operations to complete index updates when objects are added, deleted, or modified. Rather, the indexer execution takes place concurrently in a background asynchronous task executing threads. As objects are indexed, the index update operations are delegated to the appropriate index nodes, which are also executed as asynchronous tasks. When an index is needed for a query, any outstanding updates along the node tree path are completed so the query can execute.
It is worth noting that this on-demand indexing does not mean that the entire index must be updated to execute a query. Often (and usually in the case of large databases) an object may be updated that affects an index node that isn’t used in a subsequent query. In this case, the query can still execute without waiting for the index node to be updated. JavaScriptDB properly orchestrates concurrent indexing such that nodes are updated through lower-priority background threads when possible, and immediately updated on-demand as necessary. This allows write operations to take place very quickly, while still allowing indexes to be ready for fast query operations as well. This also allows Persevere to utilize resources and CPU processing more evenly and smoothly. Background processes can take CPU time as needed when client requests are not demanding immediate data retrieval.
One of the most expensive operations that a database can perform is a forced synchronous disk write operation. These operations are necessary for high-integrity commit mode where the commit does not return until the database is certain that the data has actually been written to the disk, fulfilling the durability component of ACID compliance. These operations can take around 10ms. In order to improve the performance of high-integrity commits, Persevere will detect when multiple writes are taking place concurrently and batch multiple writes together in a single synchronous disk write operation. When a number of concurrent write requests are being sent to Persevere, this can significantly reduce the number of synchronous writes that must take place and greatly improve performance.
The defecting regime officers and soldiers joined the newly minted Operation Room for the Liberation of Idlib, also known as Jaish al-Fatah, a rebel coalition including the Islamist groups Jabhat a-Nusra and Ahrar a-Sham. Jaish al-Fatah announced its formation this Tuesday, reported the pro-opposition Orient News on Tuesday, the same day it launched a offensive to take regime-controlled Idlib city.
“Kobe plays his game no matter what with his intensity and focus and he will play to win. He also will do what he needs to do to get ready to play. If he sees a mismatch, he’ll take it down low and demand the ball. He’s one of those guys who will always bring the same intensity every time no matter who’s on the court.”
When those stories broke, some cast sideways glances at George for saying he'd like to be mentored by the guy whose spot he's trying to take and at James for saying he'd be willing to mentor the guy trying to take his spot. I suspect Durant won't be seeing any such side-eye in this instance, if for no other reason than that — at age 35, after a year lost to major leg injuries, on a Lakers team that looks unlikely to compete for anything meaningful any time soon — Bryant and the Lakers no longer really represent the same sort of threat to Durant's primacy as the West's best scorer or the Thunder's chances of being the West's best team that George and the Pacers do to James and the Heat. Kobe doesn't think that way, obviously — he'll believe he could compete for a championship until he's six feet under, same as Jordan — but in the context of the NBA world as it actually exists, it makes more sense in the minds of many for a great player from the new school to seek counsel from a prior generation's top star rather than for contemporaries to compare notes.
You're never going to know everything, and you're never going to be the unquestioned best at everything if you don't ceaselessly attempt to get better. A lot of that work is physical, of course, coming through hour after hour of hard labor in the practice gym and weight room, but important additions can also come from simple conversations, whether during All-Star Weekend shootarounds or 3 a.m. check-ins. Do collaboration and competition have to be mutually exclusive? Or can players adopt an "each one teach one" mentality off the court, and still go all out to take one another to school on it? It sure seems to be working for guys like LeBron and Durant; if this "mentoring" thing catches on, the rising tide could lift quite a number of super-talented young boats in the years to come.
Roughly ten days before worlds I built a strange deck that I nearly decided to run for worlds. Ultimately, I decided to go ahead and play the light side deck I had been playing for over a month (write up about that deck here). Since worlds though, I’ve been playing the ‘experimental’ deck. I thought my only regret from worlds was not running a second Falcon objective set in the deck I took to worlds… but man, now I have two regrets!
Where things really took off though, was the fact that these two objectives (Fleeing the Empire and Decoy at Dantooine) really solved my problem of consistently getting these characters to leave play through You’re My Only Hope, A New Hope, and Fall Back. Han’s objective, Evacuation Procedure, also packs a removal effect. So at this point, the core of the deck is:
While the list may not look like much, I dare you to try the deck a few times. I can literally have nothing on the board and generate an unimaginable amount of damage. You have to know the various options of the deck to really see it’s beauty, so I recommend trying it when you have time to take the game slow and consider your options. It’s really quite insane just how many options the deck presents each turn.
It's too bad that large corporations don't take a lesson from Debian and its intelligent design. Not only does it, the collective Debian development community, create perhaps the best Linux distribution currently available but it does it in a democratic and thoughtful way.
An insider in the deal said: “Red Bull want a team to take into the Champions League. It is the only market they have not reached yet. Ideally this would be in the London area, but both Everton and Liverpool interest them too because it would not take much to get them to that level.
The biggest hurdle for customers getting a Trump tattoo is the fear that their candidate might not actually win. According to Doyle, those who worry about "tattoo remorse" can take comfort in knowing that Newell is extremely talented at covering up unwanted tattoos. The business owner says his tattoo artistry could easily transform Trump into a "zombie Trump or cover him up with a tiger or a rose." As for Doyle; win or lose he'll be keeping his Trump tattoo, honoring who he calls a "man of the people."
Or, of course, they may not have. But where’s the fun in that? So let’s take a look at some of major touchstones of the period:
“We are living up to our pledge to cooperate with the government and with the University of Miami from Coach Larrañaga’s point of view by giving them anything and everything they ask for, whether it’s emails, phone receipts, or any documented records that we have,” Grossman said. “And I think it’s impressive because we don’t play games. We’re very straightforward, and we believe that anyone that objectively looks at this, and we’re convinced they will, will conclude that the University of Miami, Coach Larrañaga and his assistants don’t know a thing about this conversation that took place in which a coach was named as supporting some type of payoff to a high school player.
The ICO’s head of enforcement, Stephen Eckersley, said the probe ruled the CPS was ‘negligent’ and failed to take into account the ‘substantial distress’ that would be caused if the videos were lost.
The 50-year-old collector has an eye for all sorts of artwork. In April, he spent $36.3 million on a tiny porcelain cup with a humble chicken painted on its surface- he also took a celebratory swig from it. Liu’s collection also includes revolutionary pieces from the Mao period and modern Chinese artworks by celebrated artists such as Chen Yifei and Fang Lijun.
“…guess how those are made, guess who makes them?” Stewart said asking an audience member to pull out a phone. “’Oh yeah, but that’s … ‘ What, what is it? It’s not different, we all do that. All of our shit stinks and getting beyond that takes incredible work.”
Urrutia obtained his work visa and made it out of Haiti. I’m told that he’s in Miami and will take his physical before reporting to the Orioles’ minor league complex at Twin Lakes Park in Sarasota.
So take a deep breath, and reveal exactly what you were doing (grabbing her phone to find Tommy's number, as requested), exactly what you saw (Was that a MySpace shot of a dude with his shirt off?!), and exactly how it's making you feel (ashamed that you accidentally snooped; suspicious of this beefcake; inadequate about your own pecs; slightly turned on).
(Do I really need to say that you’ll be messing around with the inner delicate bits of your Raspberry Pi here, and if you do something wrong, you could end up with a dead Raspberry Pi? No? Okay. Just make sure you take some static precautions and you really should have the thing shut down and powered off.)
"I offered cards to the people who were here and told them how to email me to request an appointment," Frolik said. "One person took the card. No one emailed."
About 82 percent of TV households nationwide subscribe to some form of pay-TV service, according to Leichtman. That’s down 5 percent from 2011. As consumer behavior changed, and the technology got better, TV programmers took notice and started going over the top.
“We like calculated risks and we were willing to take the risk for the revenue upside and for the opportunity to drive more engagement,” said Wilson. “We felt streaming provided the greatest long-term transformative growth for WWE on a global basis.”
The Court cannot take judicial notice that a shotgun having a barrel less than 18 inches long has today any reasonable relation to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, and therefore cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees to the citizen the right to keep and bear such a weapon.
MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS took no part in the consideration or decision of this cause.
This needs to be rectified. There are many topics of discussion that this article could be referring to with the above statements, but we’re going to start with something as simple as hair colour. I have never understood dress code rules and regulations regarding hair colour. They make zero sense. Hair colour does nothing to deter or take away from work performance. The only excuse I have ever heard is that it’s ‘distracting’. You know who it distracts? 3 year olds…but even then they move on once you sate their curiosity.
In 2008 John and Edward formed a duo and the following year they auditioned in Glasgow as a group for the sixth series of The X Factor, under the name John & Edward.[11][12] Despite being described by judge Simon Cowell as "not very good and incredibly annoying", John & Edward were put through to bootcamp, then made it to judges' houses, where Louis Walsh selected them for the live shows.[13] The twins' inclusion in the final 12 was a controversial decision, due to their lack of experience,[14] but Walsh stood by them, saying "I don't know how people can hate two nice young kids from Ireland. They've been edited really badly and come across as the people everyone loves to hate... but they're just raw, naïve and innocent and they have the potential to be really good."[15] John & Edward became known for their unpolished but enthusiastic performances,[16] famously including a version of Britney Spears' "Oops!... I Did It Again", during which they reenacted the Titanic monologue.[17] After their departure from The X Factor, Jedward were signed to Modest! Management, however it was later announced that Louis Walsh had reached "an amicable agreement", which allowed him to take the twins on.[18]
Sarkeesian then took the stage, beginning with what she said was a simple assertion: “video games matter.” She said that while it is not “a simple one-to-one correlation,” the media that people consume influences them, which is why criticism, especially feminist criticism, is important. Sarkeesian said she started Feminist Frequency because she was frustrated at the inaccessibility of feminist thought she discovered in college and wanted to use pop culture as a way to engage a wider audience with feminism. Her first series of Feminist Frequency videos dissected tropes in pop culture at large, and after they found moderate success, she decided to release a second series. Noticing that almost all of the tropes she was interested in were prevalent in video games, Sarkeesian decided that this series of videos would specifically discuss tropes in gaming.
When I think back to my first days in Georgia, as a foreigner and not having much of an idea about the culture, identity or indeed, language of the former soviet republic, it makes me smile. Not simply because they are fond memories, but because the identity of that person eludes me. I don’t really recognise her anymore. This, if memory serves, was back in 2014. Personal ties took me, quite happily so, to the country. I remember it vividly. I instantly fell in love with Tbilisi, coming from London, I had never seen such contrast before. Yet, one prominent memory will always stay with me. Looking out of the window of a cab from Tbilisi airport to Didube, with a jaw-dropping type expression on my face, trying to avidly comprehend how people could actually understand the Georgian alphabet, and pronounce letters that, to my naive ears, sounded incomprehensible. I’m not going to bore you with anything other than my quest to learn the language, for fear of rambling on. Suffice to say, my initial trip took me to three Georgian cities, all in stark contrast to the other. Tbilisi, Batumi and, rather significantly, Zugdidi. I had already brushed up on my Russian before arriving, as I knew that English, at least outside of the capital, was not widely spoken.
My life then took me back to London for a while, but I would come back to Georgia every couple of months and drive by the same places. So, to my actual point, what was the triggering factor in my learning of the language? The word ‘Lombardi’. I kid you not. There in an area stretching from the church on Rustaveli, up until the beginning of Vake on Chavchavadze, that has Lombardi’s (Bureau de change) a plenty. So those were my first letters, simply because they were blasted everywhere and I knew what it said. Having 8 letters under my belt, I thought I’d test the waters and see if I could go any further. I went to Biblus books and bought a children’s book on the Georgian alphabet. A….B…..G….three more. Maybe this seemingly impossible language was possible after all, just maybe?
The report highlights a form of corporate borrowing increasingly under scrutiny since the financial crisis began. The loans, known as "repos," or short-term repurchase agreements, allow banks to increase the amount of risk they can take in securities trading.
This was the guy, it seemed, to really be afraid of. This was the guy who was going to take the wildly veering Trump canoe and rebuild it into a wave-chopping tanker of a presidency-winning machine. This, and the growing reports of connections between Manafort and pro-Russian interests, played into the illusion that Trump was a mindless Manchurian candidate of some kind, beholden if not directly to Putin, then to Manafort and his needs, or, opportunistically, to a white nationalist movement. In trying to imagine a convergence of networked interests, we underestimated Trump’s singularity.
Were you athletic at all before you took up running?
According to statistics presented by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel (PCATI) based on hundreds of prison visits, there were 66 alleged acts of torture or abuse in the second half of 2014, up from 19 alleged acts in the first half of the year.PCATI did not distinguish between acts of torture and acts of abuse. It generally takes the position that it is simply fighting all deviant interrogation practices.What is considered illegal torture or abuse versus, sometimes permitted under Israeli law, “moderate physical pressure,” is hotly debated both domestically and globally, with international law often giving few specifics.“Moderate physical pressure” is a synonym for enhanced interrogation or pressure short of what the High Court of Justice would forbid as torture, and has been permitted for the sake of stopping a “ticking bomb” terrorist attack since a 1999 court decision – which also prohibited anything more than moderate pressure.Of the 85 alleged acts for 2014, PCATI said that 48 complaints were submitted “to various investigatory powers,” including the Justice Ministry.The 48 complaints themselves involve fewer than 48 Palestinians as some of them submitted multiple complaints.Breaking down the 48 complaints: 23 were filed against the Shin Bet, 14 against the IDF, nine against the police or border police and two against the Prisons Service.Since June 2014, 18 complaints claimed their interrogators used the “frog” or “banana” (contorted) positions against them, 19 complained of sleep deprivation, 12 of beatings during interrogation, eight of sexual harassment or assault during the interrogation, seven of physical violence during arrest and two of being physically shaken against High Court dictates.PCATI said that the use of the “frog” and “banana” positions were most noteworthy since these methods had been used only 10 times in the prior four years.No specifics were provided regarding the individual cases that made up the basis of the statistics, though some information is protected under gag order.On March 3, 2014, the state attorney confirmed to the High Court that the Shin Bet does currently use moderate physical pressure in a small number of ticking bomb cases.On June 18, 2014 multiple media reports said that a senior military source had told them that the Shin Bet was using moderate physical pressure on certain Hamas agents to get operational information for finding the kidnappers of three murdered Jewish teens, whose kidnapping brought about Operation Brothers’ Keeper.The military source also said that the Shin Bet had gotten special approval for using enhanced interrogation from Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.A number of harsher and controversial tactics have been employed by the state in responding to increased security challenges since June 2014, such as house demolitions, though unlike torture, house demolitions were never forbidden by the High Court.The Justice Ministry at the time referred all question to the Shin Bet.The Jerusalem Post investigated the reports at the time, and each media source stood by the story, while security officials neither confirmed nor denied the statement, other than that the Shin Bet said that it neither asked for nor needs prior approval to undertake interrogations.If true, the new PCATI statistics would confirm the June reports.However, without assessing individual cases regarding each complaint’s veracity and whether, if moderate physical pressure was used, the Shin Bet would have a necessity defense for having tried to prevent a “ticking bomb” attack, it is impossible to know whether the complaints could legally carry criminal charges.PCATI director Ishai Menuchin said, “some of the torture methods that were used are in full violation of High Court decisions... including giving advance approval for torture.”He said that at least three detainees had been told by their interrogators that their torture had been approved by the attorney- general or other officials – which he called illegal.Menuchin added that some detainees were allegedly tortured only after having been in administrative detention for some time, such that he questioned how they could provide updated and current information to help stop a ticking bomb attack.The IDF, police and Prisons Service said that they could not respond without information about the specific allegations.The Shin Bet did say, however, that it “acts solely within the law and is open to both internal and external oversight and criticism, including the state comptroller, the state attorney, the attorney-general, the Knesset and the courts.”It continued, “Shin Bet detainees receive their full humanitarian rights that they are entitled to under the law, including: medical attention, meetings with lawyers and ICRC visits.”Further, the Shin Bet stated, “every detainee complaint is passed on directly and immediately to the Justice Ministry’s head Shin Bet investigator, and handled by her.”The statement concluded, “all decisions regarding handling of the complaints and taking follow- up actions regarding them, on the basis of reviews, are decided by the Justice Ministry.”Of around 1,000 similar complaints filed since 2001, not a single criminal investigation has been opened to date, leading the Justice Ministry to take over investigations of complaints of torture against the Shin Bet in June 2013.The new Justice Ministry division, which became fully operational in 2014, has sped up processing of complaints, but the jury is still out on whether it will be viewed as handling complaints better than the Shin Bet did.Yaakov Lappin and Ben Hartman contributed to this report.
Peter decides to make his stand in Shanghai and sets plans in place in case things don’t go in his favor. When Doc Ock shows up and Peter uses his Spider vehicles to try and take him down, Peter learns that Doc Ock has hacked all his vehicles and has complete control over them.
How does it tie-in to the overall Secret Empire storyline and when does it take place?
The tie-in story takes place at the beginning of the Secret Empire event. Issue #29 takes place around Secret Empire #0 and Issue# 30 and 31 take place after the events of the Secret Empire FCBD comic and before the Secret Empire #1.
How does it tie-in to the overall Secret Empire storyline and when does it take place?
How does it tie-in to the overall Secret Empire storyline and when does it take place?
Issue #10 takes place between the FCBD issue and Secret Empire #1. As covered in the last post on the Secret Empire event, Ms. Marvel’s story that takes place over in Secret Warriors and Scott “Cyclops” Summers.
Issue #11 takes place during the first few pages of Secret Empire #2 before The Champions decide to follow Natasha’s plan to kill Steve Rogers.
How does it tie-in to the overall Secret Empire storyline and when does it take place?
Where this story takes place in the timeline is kind of tricky to place, but if I had to I would say that it happens sometime after the events of Captain America #25 but before Emma surrenders here Cosmic Cube shard.
Beast gives no indication that he is aware of Emma’s presence or manipulation of Xorn here or when he and Hydra-Cap meet in Washington DC and Cap tells Beast that if he wanted he could take Thor’s hammer and crush New Tian.
Buckles, after World War I ended, took up a career as a ship's officer on merchant vessels. He was captured by the Japanese in the Philippines during World War II and held prisoner of war for more than three years before he was freed by U.S. troops.
Fatah is proud of his roots in India and his Hindu ancestry. He eulogises the great Indian civilisation and calls Pakistan an "abstract idea". But his snide remarks are not reserved only for Pakistanis or Muslims; he also takes India's Hindu right to task over love jihad and their perceived fondness for Hitler.
"But this phenomenon plagues all Indians. Even Hindus who have made money take fancy names. So Namrita becomes Nikki Haley and Piyush becomes Bobby Jindal. They are all liars," Fatah said.
White is unusual for another reason: He took the opportunity to defend himself and his record by testifying against his chief antagonist, former Missouri GOP Sen. John Ashcroft, during Ashcroft's own confirmation hearing to become attorney general in the George W. Bush years. White told the Senate back in early 2001 that he once thought he had a clear path to become a judge.
The Performance mode goes all out and does not enforce any kind of limit whatsoever on the hardware while the Standard mode supplements an additional couple of hours of use. The Ultra Power Saving keeps the handset going for a significant amount of time. There’s also the ROG power saving option that takes down the native screen resolution to 720p to provide more battery life and extend playing time.
Meanwhile, the Huawei P10 houses a 3,200 mAh battery, sealed just like its predecessor. The bundled charger is strapping, tough enough to churn out 5V/4.5A, 4.5V/5A and 5V/2A. P10 owners have to use the handset’s charger and USB cable together in order to fully take advantage of the numbers, though, as the charging speeds considerably drop off when another cable is used.
A French citizen arrested on the Ukrainian-Polish border with 125kg of explosives was planning a string of attacks in France to coincide with Euro 2016, it has emerged. French forensic officers take part in a mock terror attack drill outside the Stade des Lumieres, near Lyon earlier this week
Forget the part-timers, forget taking chances. There were no easy runs for India, and that took time, which turned out to be very important.
Even with the restriction of India's lead, and how long it took them to get there, there were problems for Australia. They had only faced more than 100 overs in the fourth innings of an Asian Test once, against Bangladesh, in 2006. The last time Australia batted an extended period to draw a game was six years ago in Sri Lanka. They hadn't won a series since then either. They had only batted 100 overs in their second innings in Asia 16 times.
For the rest of the day, the two played so incredibly smart. Marsh made sure to get outside the line, Handscomb took 13 runs off a poor over from Ashwin, so India would have to take him off and change their plans. They looked for runs, turned the strike over when it suited them, and played the kind of cricket Australians don't play in India that often.
The attack took place barely a minute’s walk from the site of another Lebanese restaurant, where Afghan Taliban fighters killed eight Afghans and 13 foreigners in January.
The attack comes as Afghanistan prepares for the withdrawal of NATO forces and landmark presidential elections scheduled for April 5. The Taliban have threatened to attack anyone who takes part.
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
To be skilled in critical thinking is to be able to take one’s thinking apart systematically, to analyze each part, assess it for quality and then improve it. The first step in this process is understanding the parts of thinking, or elements of reasoning. These elements are: purpose, question, information, inference, assumption, point of view, concepts, and implications. They are present in the mind whenever we reason. To take command of our thinking, we need to formulate both our purpose and the question at issue clearly. We need to use information in our thinking that is both relevant to the question we are dealing with, and accurate. We need to make logical inferences based on sound assumptions. We need to understand our own point of view and fully consider other relevant viewpoints. We need to use concepts justifiably and follow out the implications of decisions we are considering. (For an elaboration of the Elements of Reasoning, see a Miniature Guide to the Foundations of Analytic Thinking.) In this article we focus on two of the elements of reasoning: inferences and assumptions. Learning to distinguish inferences from assumptions is an important intellectual skill. Many confuse the two elements. Let us begin with a review of the basic meanings: Inference: An inference is a step of the mind, an intellectual act by which one concludes that something is true in light of something else’s being true, or seeming to be true. If you come at me with a knife in your hand, I probably would infer that you mean to do me harm. Inferences can be accurate or inaccurate, logical or illogical, justified or unjustified.
Assumption: An assumption is something we take for granted or presuppose. Usually it is something we previously learned and do not question. It is part of our system of beliefs. We assume our beliefs to be true and use them to interpret the world about us. If we believe that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities and we are staying in Chicago, we will infer that it is dangerous to go for a walk late at night. We take for granted our belief that it is dangerous to walk late at night in big cities. If our belief is a sound one, our assumption is sound. If our belief is not sound, our assumption is not sound. Beliefs, and hence assumptions, can be unjustified or justified, depending upon whether we do or do not have good reasons for them. Consider this example: “I heard a scratch at the door. I got up to let the cat in.” My inference was based on the assumption (my prior belief) that only the cat makes that noise, and that he makes it only when he wants to be let in. We humans naturally and regularly use our beliefs as assumptions and make inferences based on those assumptions. We must do so to make sense of where we are, what we are about, and what is happening. Assumptions and inferences permeate our lives precisely because we cannot act without them. We make judgments, form interpretations, and come to conclusions based on the beliefs we have formed. If you put humans in any situation, they start to give it some meaning or other. People automatically make inferences to gain a basis for understanding and action. So quickly and automatically do we make inferences that we do not, without training, notice them as inferences. We see dark clouds and infer rain. We hear the door slam and infer that someone has arrived. We see a frowning face and infer that the person is upset. If our friend is late, we infer that she is being inconsiderate. We meet a tall guy and infer that he is good at basketball, an Asian and infer that she will be good at math. We read a book, and interpret what the various sentences and paragraphs — indeed what the whole book — is saying. We listen to what people say and make a series of inferences as to what they mean. As we write, we make inferences as to what readers will make of what we are writing. We make inferences as to the clarity of what we are saying, what requires further explanation, what has to be exemplified or illustrated, and what does not. Many of our inferences are justified and reasonable, but some are not. As always, an important part of critical thinking is the art of bringing what is subconscious in our thought to the level of conscious realization. This includes the recognition that our experiences are shaped by the inferences we make during those experiences. It enables us to separate our experiences into two categories: the raw data of our experience in contrast with our interpretations of those data, or the inferences we are making about them. Eventually we need to realize that the inferences we make are heavily influenced by our point of view and the assumptions we have made about people and situations. This puts us in the position of being able to broaden the scope of our outlook, to see situations from more than one point of view, and hence to become more open-minded. Often different people make different inferences because they bring to situations different viewpoints. They see the data differently. To put it another way, they make different assumptions about what they see. For example, if two people see a man lying in a gutter, one might infer, “There’s a drunken bum.” The other might infer, “There’s a man in need of help.” These inferences are based on different assumptions about the conditions under which people end up in gutters. Moreover, these assumptions are connected to each person’s viewpoint about people. The first person assumes, “Only drunks are to be found in gutters.” The second person assumes, “People lying in the gutter are in need of help.” The first person may have developed the point of view that people are fundamentally responsible for what happens to them and ought to be able to care for themselves. The second may have developed the point of view that the problems people have are often caused by forces and events beyond their control. The reasoning of these two people, in terms of their inferences and assumptions, could be characterized in the following way:
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
With a Sportback four-door version of the current S5 having already been sold in certain markets, that sounds like a pretty broad hint that we’re likely to get an RS5 Sportback rather than an RS4. RS4 Avant or RS5 Sportback, we’ll take Audi’s maximum A4 however we can get it.
Big data is really about measuring what matters versus measuring what’s measurable. And to be honest there are not enough good data scientists out there. So it can still be more dangerous to do big data than not. It’s accessible to anyone now, but sometimes you want to take the keys away from people so they don’t hurt themselves. You may be better off taking a more cautious path than diving into the deep end, but at a minimum go in with eyes wide open.
In the same way, you can’t decide to be a cloud-first organization without deciding what cloud first should mean for you. Does it mean Platform-as-a-Service or email? Does it mean development or delivery? If you don’t get into the right level of detail, you’re sending your teams into blood fights to battle for what they want, versus what the strategic direction is. Leaders need to take a more active role in getting into the details of what is meant by these strategic decisions. You don’t want to micromanage things, but at a very minimum you should be sending teams off to come back with the critical decisions that need to be made and have those discussions and make those decisions at the right levels. If the bosses are not aligned the employees will be wasting precious time fighting losing battles. Sometimes it’s easier not to have fights with your peers, but that just means you’re leaving it for your employees and that is simply cowardice. Forcing uncomfortable discussions about what a cloud or big data strategy means and then getting into the detail is often the better course to take.
Jon (31) has been working at Bill & Sons Towing since he dropped out of high school in Grade 9. Jon sees himself as the rightful heir to running the family business, and believes Eric has swooped in with his ‘fancy college degree’ to take something that doesn’t belong to him. Highly resistant to change, Jon sees no point in expanding the business or improving customer service.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Some observers said Mr Kaczynski (left) could take the job of prime minister from Beata Szydlo (right) in months to come after the euphoria of victory has died down
Europe's refugee crisis also proved to be a key topic of debate before the election. While the government has agreed to take in 7,000 migrants, opposition parties have spoken out against the move.
However, some observers said Mr Kaczynski - the twin brother of Poland's late president Lech - could take on the top job himself in the months to come.
The historical institutional abuse inquiry is investigating 22 orphanages, care homes and other institutions where child sexual abuse took place. The inquiry team is expected to hear from around 450 witnesses, some of whom have travelled from as far as the United States and Australia to give evidence.
Today the Sugars take on a sensitive issue for millions of Americans: physical appearance — and specifically, how much someone weighs. A young man writes to the Sugars, wondering how to talk about his girlfriend's weight. It's an especially complicated issue, given how society has historically treated women related to their appearance.
Steve Almond: I have a slightly different take on this. I think he's coming to us in his first serious relationship with insecurities of his own about his body. There's something in him that feels a little bit unmanned by her being larger. It's not just about her body. His attitudes toward this woman, who isn't thin, somehow is triggering within him a kind of self-doubt about his own body image that he hasn't quite recognized.
He said that students played a central role in the freedom struggles in Bangladesh, Germany and several other countries and they were playing a similar role to bring about change in Pakistani society when Gen Ayub imposed a ban on student unions. But they led from the front and forced him to take back his decision, he said.
Viewer Daniel Ek told Swedish paper The Local: “At first I realised I was looking at a naked woman and it quickly became clear she was having sex. It didn't take long before I realised it was a porn film.
Clinton took an estimated 614,338 votes in Iowa, with Trump at 599,045 by 6 p.m. Eastern according to the estimated vote totals.
The officers, however, do not take the bait. They instead attempt to shake the boy’s hand and speak with him, though the father, apparently intent on exploiting his son and turning him into the latest “martyr,” seems to scream at him to attack the soldiers with stones.
In its drive to acquire natural resources, China has been pursuing offshore oil exploration contracts in the politically unstable nation of SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe. In 2009, Chinese petroleum corporation Sinopec acquired Swiss company Addax which gave Beijing control over four oil blocs in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe-Nigeria joint development zone. The Sinopec purchase in the Gulf of Guinea made China the leading player in the SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe oil sector. Whether the islands will actually take off as a major oil producer is still unclear, though drilling is under way and commercial production is expected to begin within a few years.
If SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe take off as a major oil supplier, China will certainly be well positioned to reap maximum reward from the petroleum bonanza. However, Beijing will also have to reckon with a growing U.S. military profile on the islands. Recently, U.S. Navy Seabees have been renovating a boat ramp on SÃ£o TomÃ©’s coast guard base and building a guard house on the premises. Meanwhile, the Pentagon and State Department have installed a new surface surveillance system on the islands. SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe is the first African nation to install the program and to integrate such technology into its overall maritime safety program.
According to diplomatic cables, China hopes to take advantage of such cultural links and believes that Macau should “expand its economic and trade links with overseas Chinese communities” while also providing “a stable platform for China’s trade ties and linkages” with such Lusophone countries as SÃ£o TomÃ© and PrÃ­ncipe, Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau. Beijing also hopes that Macau will extend ties to the tiny nation of Equatorial Guinea, a former Spanish colony located in the Gulf of Guinea and Africa’s only Spanish-speaking nation. Though American diplomats report that overall volume of trade between China and the Lusophone countries remains low, Macau could prove quite useful for Beijing in the coming struggle for West African resources.
"He can't dismiss this, as he apparently has, as village gossip ... Mr Abbott's Liberals are addicted to privilege. Expenses: Bronwyn Bishop at Saturday's press conference. Credit:James Brickwood "<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->There is not a hint of apology in the ranks of the Liberal Party, there is no apology from Mrs Bishop, she just doesn't seem to understand what the fuss is about." Earlier on Sunday, Mrs Bishop was swamped by journalists after the unveiling of a new Anzac memorial in Sydney's Hyde Park. She faced further questions about the $5000 charter helicopter flight from Melbourne to Geelong – a journey that takes as little as an hour by car - and dismissed suggestions she should apologise.
The DFCS report also includes a interview with the mother in the Gwinnett jail, who says she is innocent and that the killings were performed by a “family friend,” but she provides no name. Martinez tell the DFCS caseworker that she tried to stop the friend and he cut her on the wrist. Martinez also described a recent family trip to Savannah where, according to the report, she felt “a devil-like spirit” and where she felt the waves trying to take her and her children away.
She said she saw her mother take the knife out of the kitchen and start cutting her brothers and sister.
The San Francisco 49ers are very angry about last year, so they want to take out their anger on Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons. And Colin Kaepernick and company are more than capable.
"I think who was this hapless soldier out fighting Nazis in the middle of the desert who saw a beetle and thought 'I've got to have that and take it home' and now it's in our collection."
It took seven Pokéballs, one slight stumble off the curb, and dirty looks from a family that thought I was creepily taking pictures of them when in reality they were just standing right behind this beautiful Pokémon, but I got it.
It was Mariska Hargitay, which made me want to take his phone and stomp it out for not knowing the Queen.
Data provided by StatCounter, an Irish company that tracks browser usage using the free analytics tools it offers websites, shows that Chrome will pass Firefox to take the No. 2 spot behind Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) no later than December.
What does it take to make the world’s finest barbell? Learn all about Eleiko on Episode 155 of Barbell Shrugged .
“We expect to have our first contract in 2017 to develop the first proto-flight model,” Chessel said. “It will be paid by the first customer and lead to the production of future flight models. Stratobus is a low-cost product, an order of magnitude less costly than a satellite, plus the fact that we don’t have a launcher. We can take off and land by gas management and we don’t need space-qualified components. Of course, this is a regional product only. It doesn’t provide global coverage like a satellite. The prospects we have today suggest we are going in the right direction in terms of product.”
I took Dan Wallace’s Credo Course on Textual Criticism. I took Gary Habermas’ Credo Course on the Resurrection. I went through the entire “Theology Program.” I learned things—things I had somehow never known, and things, I suspect, I had been carefully “sheltered” from. I realized how utterly and unforgivably ignorant I was. I’ll mention only a few of the things I learned.
God was most honored, not by a blind adherence to dogma that cannot be challenged, but by a breathless pursuit of truth that was willing to go wherever the evidence took me.
Hort and Westcott were committee members of the newly commissioned revision to the KJV (known as the Revised Version) that had been called for in 1870. As the revision took place, they shared the results of their own textual critical work with those on the translation committee.
In the mid 1950s a man named Eugene Nida would take similar ideas and help us think carefully through our understanding of translation and the task it should accomplish. Born right here in OKC, OK, Nida was a Baptist minister who gained his Ph.D. in linguistics and began to propose refinements to translation theory. He published Toward a Science of Translating (Brill, 1964) in the mid 1900s and was a founding member of Wycliffe Bible Translators.
Today, William Mounce has worked with Zondervan to produce several interlinear translations which are much more valuable than previous formats and take advantage of modern textual advances; . In these new editions, the original language is presented in its original order. This can easily be seen, but instead of awkward and impossible English, Mounce has used a system of italicized words to still produce good English. In addition, he has included the full text of common English translations in columns on the side. If you are looking for a way to see a glimpse of the structure of the original language but don’t want to learn the languages, such interlinear are a valuable option.
While the NIV has faced a few minor revisions (NIVR, and TNIV), they didn’t take on as widely. In 2011 the NIV received a full makeover that is definitely here to stay in the mainstream. Continuing to update the translation to be current with contemporary English usage, the committee also incorporated a greater degree of gender inclusive language. The NIV 2011 will likely continue to be one of the most widely sold and used English translations.
Kenneth Taylor didn’t originally intend to produce a new translation. As a father who wanted to render the great stories of the Bible in a way that his young children would understand, he began to take the ASV and more freely paraphrase its meaning into simple language that would help the ideas be easily grasped by even young children.
I am reminded of when I read through the story of Augustine’s conversion in The Confessions. It was one of the more powerful moments I’ve experienced in my own Christian walk. As he wrestled with his own depravity, having for so long been afflicted by his own wretchedness, he found himself sitting alone in a garden with his bitter tears pouring out under a fig tree. As he wept, he heard the voice of a child nearby (perhaps playing games as children do), repeating the phrase, “take up and read; take up and read.” Interpreting the words as a “command from heaven to open the book,” he picked up a copy of the book of Romans, began to read, and found in the Scriptures the light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ. And none of us has ever been the same since. As he heard so long ago, I encourage you with advice that will change the life of all who will heed it;
$5 a month for music is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of, even if you are a music downloader. The only music I've actually ever downloaded was Radiohead's newest album, In Rainbows. Radiohead chose to release the music independently and actaully let you set your own price for the online download - a truly novel idea that the music industry should take note of. I have no doubts they've still made plenty of money.
Star names such as Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil could – if they are still at Arsenal – even be asked to take part in unique content or promotional videos for movies.
The second event was canceled by "White Lives Matter" protesters shortly after the first march ended. "Apparently it took so long to get through lines in Shelbyville," WTVF journalist Matthew Torres reports.
So we took our exploration further afield.
The wireless chip maker’s executive compensation plan is complex. It became more elaborate last year as the company took steps to keep its management team together after Microsoft reportedly tried to hire Chief Executive Steve Mollenkopf. The moves included providing millions in front-loaded restricted stock grants to Mollenkopf, Executive Chairman Paul Jacobs and other top officials.
Jeffrey Salkin, a Hollywood, Fla., rabbi helping to organize the boycott, said he and other rabbis were alarmed about Trump’s behavior and rhetoric on the campaign trail. “Jewish history teaches that when hatred is unleashed, it takes on a life of its own,” Salkin said.
That is the location of the Salt Mine. Unless Valve wants to call a sensible location, I am the first person to pinpoint the exact location of where Portal takes place.
First of all, Half-Life takes place in 2003. (Proof below)
HL2 takes place 20 years later, making that 2023. Portal happens around the same time as HL2. The minimum amount of time that Chell could have been in hibernation is 2.4 years, so Portal 2 takes place during 2025 or later. (The wake up call tries to specify the amount of days in hibernation, but just repeats 9, so 900 days is reasonable. No facility will decay in 90 days) 29401 AD is also plausible. (9999999/365.25+2029) For many possibilities, it is long enough for the buildings to just plain fall apart. Even for 2025, The Combine may have turned Detroit into scrap metal.
Ten years ago, Videocon was paying recyclers between $100 and $200 a ton for their leaded glass, says Jeff Hunts, a manager with CalRecycle. Today, recyclers have to pay Videocon $100 to $200 per ton just to take the glass away.
So what to do? Jim Puckett, founder of the Basel Action Network, the environmental watchdog group that has most carefully watched this situation, says we should clean the glass and then basically bank it for the future. That is to say, storing it in "carefully prepared landfill cells," where it cannot leech out and damage the local environment. To do that, though, will most likely take federal action by an agency such as the Environmental Protection Agency. An EPA spokeswoman didn't have any immediate comment for this story.
According to a recently unsealed indictment, in late October 2011, Benton — who also led his uncle Rand Paul’s SuperPAC until just recently, in case I haven’t made this family point clear enough — sent an email to Sorenson and Sorenson’s top aide offering to take over paying Sorenson’s $8,000/month bribes in return for Sorenson switching his allegiance from Bachmann to Dr. Paul. Both Sorenson and Dr. Paul’s people agreed to delay Sorenson’s switch until after a meeting of Iowa Republicans, where he’d strengthen his own position within the party, on the eve of the big caucasus, as a principled Tea Party Christian libertarian.
Congressman Paul is delighted to accept the endorsement of Senator Kent Sorenson, whose blessing and assistance carry a great deal weight in Iowa. The fact that he doesn’t take this decision lightly tells a great deal about the senator and Ron Paul.
One thing Sen. Sorenson had some experience with was ratting out others. He ratted out the pot dealer he got busted with and got his sentence reduced to five days and probation, and later, in office, voted to turn up the heat in the War On Drugs (funny how this didn’t bother Ron Paul’s principled people); and last year, after FBI agents raided Sorenson’s home and took his and his family’s computers, Sorenson copped a plea. Now the feds have the very top people in both Ron and Rand Paul’s campaigns for president going back to 2007, campaigns heavily underwritten by Silicon Valley billionaires and true believers...
Acting with just five weeks left in the administration, federal agencies refused to renew leases held by a mining company just outside — and upstream from — the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, along the Canadian border. Officials also took steps that could lead to a much larger area being put off limits to mining.
SHARE COPY LINK Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday took turns questioning top intelligence officials, who say investigative agencies found compelling evidence of Russian cyber-hacking throughout the 2016 election cycle.
The flaws bear the name “zero day” because they allow hackers to take over systems the moment the flaws are known, leaving victims unaware that they have been compromised.
Zingano took to Instagram to post a series of photos showing a timeline from January up to the present.
And that right there is the elephant in the room. So long as the government takes the lead on deciding Americans’ health insurance plans, it’s Americans who are out of luck. It’s the Constitution that’ll stand corrupted, the free market that’ll feel the pinch — the individual who’ll lose the freedom.
Recently I was reminded of something I learned ten years ago, while studying in Beijing. It was a month ago, and I was walking into a restaurant in Chengdu, around closing time, with a group of my wife’s friends. It was nearly 9pm and most of the staff were eating their shift meal or clearing tables, waiting for the last diners to finish. I asked a waiter if we could get some food and he responded apologetically that they were closing. Knowing that our dinner options were dwindling, I pleaded our case, asking that they seat us. To deflect my request the waiter said, ‘sorry, we are out of gas’. I knew it was a lie, but I did not take it personally.
It brought to mind the director of my study abroad program in Beijing, who had introduced me to what she dubbed “the social institution of the polite lie.” The polite lie is a lie that a stranger tells a stranger to avoid the discomfort of being direct. She told a story of trying to catch a ride from a cab driver that was playing a game of cards on the street. “I would take you,” he said, but my car is out of gas. She could see that he was playing cards and did not want to leave his game. She could also see the dashboard of his car, and she pointed out that he did in fact have gas in his car. “That gauge is broken,” the driver retorted without looking up from his game.
But there is an important lesson that I take away from the experience. If I dislike an element of local culture, I should make sure that I dislike it for what it really is, and not what I imagine it to be. In practice, local meaning trumps the pseudo-objective perspective of outsider like myself.
Throughout history, doubles teams come and go. Some duos have great runs for a single tournament, or even a couple months, but few teams stick together and take their synergy to the next level.
The height of their team was 2014, where they took first at EVO 2014 and Smash the Record using a combination of Jigglypuff and Sheik/Samus.
Armada and Mew2King take the top spot for taking first place in Doubles nearly every time they have ever entered.
“We should never ignore that. We have to take it seriously and provide that reassurance for people,” she said.
As is often the case with "camp" events, the day ended with a hacking session. However, only the Drizzle team really took advantage of it; for most attendees, it was a networking session.
As the robot tests alternative movements, it continuously updates it database of options—having used a computer simulation of itself to create a sort of how-to-walk map ahead of time. Researchers call this testing phase a “simulated childhood,” and it’s a little bit like what a baby does when she’s learning how to crawl. Only the robot takes minutes—not weeks or months—to test and determine the movements that will work best.
Me: We can test the modem to make sure it’s working. Can you take your laptop into the room with the modem and unplug the modem from the rou—
The 45-year-old Wiley took charge of this season's Carling Cup final between Manchester United and Wigan and replaces Dean due to the FA's policy of not using officials who come from the same area as one of the teams in question. "The decision was taken following Liverpool's semi-final victory on Saturday," read an FA statement, contradicting an FA spokesman's earlier claim that, "he's [Dean] been appointed, and that's not going to change."
Futsal: it might look like a simple game, but playing it well is far from easy. It takes a level of technical and tactical understanding that can take years to develop.
The rule of 5 passes. Patience is often needed in futsal. Where the opponents are set-up behind the ball in a defensive position, expect to pass the ball at least 5 times before shooting to disorganise them. The goalkeeper must know how to deal with the tempo of the game. When their team is losing, goalkeepers should play as quick as possible, but in a winning position they should take their time with the restarts and their throws. The backman or “fix” (or any player for that matter) never dribbles if he is the last man, because if he loses the ball it will be a 1 v 1 against the goalkeeper. Finish the play with a strong shot to avoid a counterattack. A weakly struck shot ends up in the goalkeepers arms and can quickly put the opponents on the front foot.
The turncoat consigliere took the stand and spilled the Five Families’ secrets for five days during Gotti’s trial — and then testified in nine more, putting 39 wiseguys and associates in prison.
This creates a class called Logger that on construction takes an Env to use to output log messages and a string prefix to prepend to a message. It has a log method that will log a message to standard output after sleeping for a number of seconds given by delay . The unusual syntax for the sleep call is the syntax for calling the sleep C function using the Pony FFI. I'll cover this later.
main.pony:20:16: consume must take 'this', a local, or a parameter a.do1(env, consume b) ^
Note that the display function takes a Pointer[U8] as an argument. Pointer[U8] is a generic type with U8 being the parameter. In this case it is the C string that the C function passes. Pony String types are an object with fields so C doesn't pass it directly. The String type has a couple of constructor functions that take Pointer[U8] as input and return a Pony String - the one used here, copy_cstring , makes a copy of the C string passed in.
Since 1990, there has been no government in Somalia. The country is in the hands of warlords. European and Asiatic ships took advantage of this chaotic situation and fished along the Somali coast without a license or respect for elementary rules. They did not observe the quotas in force in their own country to protect the species and they used fishing techniques –even bombs!- that created huge damages to the wealth of the Somali seas.
This is the result of an American strategy. In 1990, the country was bruised by conflicts, famine and lootings; the state collapsed. Facing this situation, the United States, who discovered oil in Somalia a few years ago, launched Operation Restore Hope in 1992. For the first time, US marines intervened in Africa to take control of a country. It was also the first time that a military invasion was launched in the name of humanitarian interference.
Facing the legitimacy of those claims, the British – who controlled Kenya-, organized a referendum in the Kenyan area claimed by Somalia. 87% of the population, composed mainly of Somali ethnics, voted for the Somali unity. When the results were published, Jomo Kenyatta, a Kenyan nationalist leader, threatened the British to throw the colonists out if they gave a part of the territory up to Somalia. So Great Britain decided not to take the referendum into account, and today an important Somali community is still living in Kenya. You must understand that those colonial borders were a real disaster in the Somali case. The border issue was besides the object of an important debate among the African continent.
Socialist ideas were spread in the country. An important Somali community was indeed living in Aden in South Yemen. However, this is where Britain used to exile persons it considered dangerous in India: communists, nationalists and so on. They used to be arrested and sent to Aden where nationalist and revolutionary ideas quickly developed and affected later both Yemenites and Somalis. Under the influence of civilians with Marxist ideas, a coup d’état was led by officers in 1969 and Siad Barre took power in Somalia.
The army was the only organized institution in Somalia. As a repressive apparatus, it was supposed to protect the so-called civilian government and the elite. But for many Somalis coming from different families and areas, the army was also an exchange place where there were no borders, no tribalism, no clan divisions. This is how Marxist ideas from Aden circulated among the army. So the coup d’état was led by officers who were most of all nationalist. They did not have a good knowledge of socialism but they had sympathy for those ideas. Moreover, they knew what was happening in Vietnam, and that fed anti-imperialist feelings. The civilians, who knew Marx and Lenin’s teachings lacked a mass political party, supported the coup d’état and become the advisers of the officers who took power.
He used to be the Islamic courts spokesman because he is a good orator. But he has no political knowledge. He has no idea what imperialism or nationalism are. That is why western powers took him back. He was the Islamic court’s weak link. Today he chairs a fake government, created in Djibouti. This government has no social base or authority in Somalia. It only exists on the international level because the imperialist forces support it.
Because those groups want to take the foreign occupier over and to allow a national reconciliation for the Somali people. As a result, the United States wants to break those groups: a reconciliation, through the Islamic movement or through the TFG, is not in the interests of the imperialist forces. They just want chaos. The problem is that today, this chaos reached Ethiopia too, which is very weak since the 2007 aggression. A nationalist resistance movement came to the light over there to fight against the pro-imperialist government of Addis Ababa. With their chaos theory, United States had in fact created troubles in the whole region. And now, they took it out on Eritrea.
The Rockies on Monday got just two innings from starting pitcher Jorge De La Rosa, then five more from Tyler Matzek on Tuesday — both losses to the Padres at Coors Field. Their relief corps took on too much work in too short a span.
My Care2 colleague Tracy Viselli understandably called for Foxx’s apology or resignation following her slanderous comments about Matthew Sheppard on the House floor while debating the hate crime legislation that bares his name. More recently, Viselli , rightly, took issue with Foxx’s declaration that the present health care reform proposals pose a bigger threat to America than “any terrorist from any country.” Add to this Foxx’s 2006 vote, along with 33 other Republicans, opposing the extension of the Voters Rights Act, and it becomes clear that any claim of civil rights advocacy exists only in her mind.
Both writers take Bruenig to task for describing the pope as “the world’s most renowned Christian theological guide.” It’s a point of view that causes Church history to collapse into absurdity; one could say Saint Paul should have kept his mouth shut about the “workable synthesis” of Mosaic law and the Gospel instead of confronting Saint Peter at Antioch.
It’s a sure bet that someone who doesn’t take these questions seriously is concerned with power, not justice. Pope Francis’s use of the word “legitimate” certainly suggests questions about where authority lies and how it is exercised can’t be passed over. Unless you happen to know a godly king languishing in crownless obscurity whom we ought to restore, these are exigencies we just have to deal with in our nominally republican system, but Stoker Bruenig acts like it’s just a matter of bigger budgets for the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The SAR members work for free and many of them take time off from work to go search, Cashin said. They pay for their own training, and they use mostly their own equipment that they pay for themselves.
“With as many people as we have using all these beautiful recreational areas … they save the citizens of the county so much,” Cashin said. “For these guys to take time off of work and come out there, I’m just so thankful for them.”
Performances during the annual classical music festival will also for the first time take place outside of London, with three performances planned in Hull, the 2017 City Of Culture.
‘I was also looking to expand the initiative we took last year of taking some Proms out of the Albert Hall.’
“The situation has gotten significantly worse since I took office,” Christie said “The system could be bankrupt by 2020….I’m not going to let that happen.”
Telstra spokeswoman Nicole ­McKechnie said the legal proceedings and their impact would be significant but not material from a investor ­perspective. “We have commenced legal proceedings with NBN Co over when CPI adjustments should start to apply under the NBN Definitive Agreements," she said. “We have one take on the contract and NBN Co has another." The case has the potential to cause problems for both companies as they enter fresh negotiations over the $11.2 billion contract.
However, according to a Markets and Markets report, rendering is now only a $1 billion industry and is expected to grow only to $2.9 billion by 2022, so that may limit the potential market cap for the Render token, especially since the network wouldn’t constitute the entire industry. OTOY, using other projections, projects that revenue in 2021 would be $10-$20 billion even if RNDR took just 2% of the industry.
Cryer has worked with some of the biggest and most provocative names in the business, and here, for the first time, he details his experiences with Charlie Sheen, John Hughes, Robert Altman, Molly Ringwald, Demi Moore, Judd Nelson, and Christopher Reeve, among many others. He shares the intimate details of his friendships and relationships, pays tribute to his mentors, and explores the peculiar combination of heart, talent, and wisdom it takes to survive not just the bad times in a notoriously fickle industry but even the good times.
Wings, known for its abrasive take on Scottish politics - one Tory MSP was described as "fat troughing scum" - was started six months after Alex Salmond's historic victory.
In mid-July 2014, Microsoft announced the first truly abysmal Lumia handset, the Lumia 530, setting a new low bar for the quality of entry-level smart phone handsets. So it was with some reservation that I took possession of the Lumia 535, a 5-inch sibling to the 530 that also targets the low-end of the market. I shouldn’t have worried: This is a great entry-level device and the model for Microsoft to follow for future Lumia handsets.
Indeed, that has apparently already happened: Just this past week, Microsoft introduced two other low-end handsets aimed at emerging markets, the Lumia 435 and 532, and both will cost under $100 at launch. These devices clearly take more cues from the Lumia 535 than they do from the Lumia 530, and that’s a good thing.
A few other points about the specs. Like the recently-announced Lumia 435 and 532, the 535 is aimed at emerging markets, so it does support dual SIMs—still a curiosity here in the States—but only 3G/HSPA cellular networking. So there’s no LTE support at all, limiting the 535’s appeal in established markets. That said, it is running Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 with Lumia Denim, and is at this moment the only phone I have capable of running the Lumia Camera app, though of course the camera isn’t powerful enough to use any of that app’s advanced new features. (And the pictures it takes are nothing special.)
At a young age it was evident that Altidore had a natural talent as he would toy with children at the local parks. Josef Schulz, a longtime youth coach in Boca Raton, took note of Altidore when he was 8 years old while Altidore was playing a pickup game at Boca’s South County Regional Park and Schultz was amazed.
Gary Wilkinson of the Breakers takes a shot on goal under pressure from Larry Davidson of the Hawks during their round one NBL match.
The Breakers somehow, some way were able to take the best shots of a very, very good Perth Wildcats side and - on the back of some overtime heroics from CJ Bruton and Mika Vukona - nail a pulsating 104-98 victory to begin this best-of-three series in the perfect fashion.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
Then in the five minutes of overtime, first Vukona and then Bruton stepped up splendidly to make nerveless plays to enable the Breakers to take the final grip on proceedings.
So, to put an end to the U.S. doctrine of perpetual war, we need to stop asking why individuals resort to acts of terrorism and ask why we allow our institutions to do so as example to world’s individuals. Why is terrorism increasing? Why would a terrorist sacrifice their own life to inflict harm on individuals? What are they responding to? Look no further than the reality of the behavior exhibited by the world’s leaders: If another nation’s policy or politician is disliked, debate. If you don’t get your way, drop bombs on entire populations and take over their nation by force — even if it requires complete fabrication and propaganda (WMD’s anyone?) to gain public support.
Do not be tricked into thinking that violence by the State is not terrorism. Do not be duped into becoming a terrorist fighting terrorists, mistakenly believing there will later come an opportunity to become a peaceful terraist, once “the war is over.” The reality is, the war will never be over, unless terraists around the world unite and take action on behalf of humanity, terra, and all her inhabitants.
Put simply, the NCAA could take issue with the belief that Buckles is following a coach around.
When transferring, student-athletes can run into situations where classes at one school do not help their progress toward degree at another school. A player might not declare a major early on and take some more “general” type classes or certain classes (physical education, for example) that may help toward progress of only specific degrees offered by their school.
Sluttiness is not about the number of dates or make outs or hookups it takes for you to feel comfortable rounding all or one or any bases with another person. In fact it’s not about numbers at all. The emphasis we place on our own sexual numbers is just another example of rigid, moral socio-sexual policing. How many women’s magazine articles have you read which essentially roil in what they’d have you believe is the eternal question: to disclose numbers or not to disclose numbers? You know what? Fuck that. Share or don’t, that’s your call, but don’t imbue this number with some sort of synthetic and sacrosanct meaning. Sexual numbers are meaningless. They tell you nothing about a person. They don’t tell you whether or not to get tested, as you as a sexually active or potentially sexually active adult should be getting tested with regularity anyway. They tell you nothing about the content of a person’s character or their childhood or their relationship with their father or their mother or their feelings about their own body.
He won’t play tonight, though, leaving the Giants with Victor Cruz as the only proven receiver to take the field against his favorite team to dominate, the Jets. Once Nicks is back for good, he and Cruz command the two starting spots and the search continues for the third receiver needed to really get Eli Manning’s passing attack cranked up.
But what the video shows is that – while it’s impossible for one man to completely protect his daughter from violence – you can take steps towards making the world a safer place for women overall.
Something notable took place on the streets of London after the attack on Westminster Bridge which was carried out by Khalid Masood.
New Hartford Police Officer Ann Marie Brelinsky took Alexander into custody when she arrived at the parking lot.
"Tests don't take into account of all the other aspects of (a student's) life like poverty," she said.
Scientists working on the EHT hope to see images in the spring of 2017. But they already have some ideas of what they’ll get. General relativity describes gravity not as a force drawing two objects together, but rather as the warped spacetime that governs each of those objects movements. Concentrate a big enough mass in a small enough region of spacetime, and its gravity will be inescapably huge—voila, you’ve got a black hole. If that sounds weird to you, well, it took 50 years for astronomers to discover that black holes were real objects, not just a quirk of general relativity’s math.
Each week Bob and Ivey take a trip Beyond the Wall to discuss HBO's 'Game of Thrones' from the perspective of fans of the books. If you've not read the books, tread lightly, as there are spoilers everywhere, sweet summer child. This week, we make several bold predictions about what will happen in season two.
One of my most memorable experiences in racing came in 2013, when I first ventured to the Circuit de la Sarthe. My friends and I climbed up the bank so we were overlooking the straight following the Porsche Curves. We watched the cars stream past. The one that really stood out to me was the Audi R18 e-tron quattro. “It sounds like a spaceship,” I said, breathtaken. It looked like one, too. And it travelled just as fast. In fact, take that vehicle to some of the less-trod places of this world (or Chatham) and people really would think it’s from another planet.
But his knack for doing the little things endeared Peca to teammates. Just a shade over 160 pounds, he never shied away from contact in the corners. He was outstanding on face-offs; took countless double-shifts on the penalty kill; devoured minutes in tight games. And his enthusiasm for throwing himself in front of opposing slap shots seemed borderline maniacal.
According to a Title IX committee meeting I attended last spring, Amherst has expelled only one student for rape in its entire history—and only after a criminal court sentenced him to time in jail. Meanwhile, our disciplinary committee has found other students guilty of sexual misconduct but ultimately permitted them to continue their Amherst educations. Faced with the non-choice of staying on campus with his/her rapist or leaving, many sexual assault survivors I know take time off, transfer, or drop out altogether.
Bolger's blog post incited so much controversy that Amherst's president, Carolyn "Biddy" Martin, invited all 1,791 undergraduates to an open campus-wide discussion, which took place last Sunday, October 14th. According to the Amherst Student, a mixture of administrators, faculty, coaches, fraternity members and survivors of sexual assault attended to talk about the school's fraternities, lax punishments for misconduct, and ways in which students could more actively help reshape Amherst's sexual assault policy. The administration hasn't released any sexual assault statistics*, but the Amherst Student reported that "few cases have gone the full distance in the disciplinary process at the College." Of course, we have national statistics: 95% of campus attacks go unreported, according to the American Association of University Women. Two thirds of assaults are committed by someone known to the victim, according to the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network.
"I also want to encourage you to think about other aspects of life at Amherst, both the positive and the less than positive, and to imagine what it would take to strengthen our sense of community, enhance your education outside of the classroom, and have more fun," Martin wrote in last Sunday's meeting announcement. "Fun?" Catherine Bryars ('12) asked us. "See how they're putting this in the fast route to get away from anything negative?"
But it seems that the larger, underlying problem is Amherst's obsession with keeping up appearances. If the college continues to prioritize its reputation over the well-being of its female students, little will change. Bryars said she feels confident that Martin, who has only been president for a year, will eventually realize that Amherst is doing its students a major disservice by refusing to take sexual assault seriously. But will Martin and her administration risk tarnishing Amherst's storied reputation as the second best liberal arts school in the nation by doing so? Now — thanks to Epifano's widely-circulated essay and the efforts of students like Bryars and Bolger — it seems they won't have a choice.
Finally, Hollywood should take their customer's preferences into account. If people want to watch movies at home, why force them to find illicit ways of doing it? Make it easy, make it legal, and make some money!
Similar associations were seen among 44 women who had controlled diabetes solely by diet and 62 diabetics who took oral medications. Women who used insulin injections were found to have increased odds of mixed or dense breasts.
Dr. Andersen concluded, “Denmark is fortunate to have such a large MD data set, which, through the DCH study group, can be linked to many different issues that may influence health outcomes. The possibility of analyzing such detailed information in a coherent group means that we have the ability to undertake additional studies in order to further investigate the relationships between breast density and other risk factors for breast cancer. In the meantime, we would urge all women, both with diabetes and without, to take measures to reduce their risk of developing breast cancer through simple lifestyle changes, such as avoiding obesity, reducing alcohol consumption, and exercising.”
Last week, we took a stab at naming one All-Star squad that spanned both leagues, and judging by the actual rosters that were announced Sunday we guessed pretty well.
Garry Monk took over Middlesbrough after parting ways with Leeds United
This is everything else and it should be self explanatory, but we’ll go ahead and help you a bit more anyway. Be compassionate and show respect towards everyone. Don’t belittle or take advantage of others, ignore stereotypes, and understand that people from all walks of life are equal. It’s what we do that defines us. That, and really nice shirts.
This is the go-to example one usually sees when it comes to io.Pipe . We encode some data as JSON and want to send it to a web endpoint via http.Post . Unfortunately (or rather fortunately), the JSON encoder takes an io.Writer and the http request methods expect an io.Reader as input, so we can’t just plug them together.
If the pull approach suits you best, you might also want to take a look at Prometheus.
package util import ( "fmt" "io" "net" "time" ) var queue = make ( chan string , 100 ) func init () { go statsdSender () } func StatCount ( metric string , value int ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|c" , metric , value ) } func StatTime ( metric string , took time . Duration ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|ms" , metric , took / 1e6 ) } func StatGauge ( metric string , value int ) { queue <- fmt . Sprintf ( "%s:%d|g" , metric , value ) } func statsdSender () { for s := range queue { if conn , err := net . Dial ( "udp" , "127.0.0.1:8125" ); err == nil { io . WriteString ( conn , s ) conn . Close () } } }
Third, there is no reason why out-of-work politicians should not live like the rest of us and be responsible for their own security. They should take simple precautions, and pay for that little extra that private security can provide with personal or party funds. If the police are freed from the responsibility of guarding netas, they can act more professional and protect the people better. Trying to protect too many netas means denying the same to us.
The best story about Jürgen Klopp’s reputation in Germany dates back to 2008 when, as Mainz manager, he was under consideration to take over at Hamburg, subject to an intensive, secret period of scrutiny by the club, who had him observed at training, on match-day and in his life outside football.
He inherited a Dortmund team that finished 13th in the Bundesliga in 2008 and took them to two league titles in 2011 and 2012, as well as the cup double the second year. They reached the Champions League final in 2013 but then, after another second-place Bundesliga finish in 2014, they dropped like a stone. Bottom in February, they finished seventh last season, the same as Liverpool, albeit with a much inferior points-to-games average than the English club – 1.35 against 1.63.
Dortmund’s player recruitment was a collegiate effort, led by the technical director Michael Zorc, regarded as one of the best in the business. Once players were acquired, it was Klopp’s confidence that helped develop some of them into the stars they became. He encouraged the potential of Lukasz Piszczek at full-back, when he had previously been a mediocre striker for most of his time at Hertha Berlin. He also took a chance on Robert Lewandowski.
Marc Mayrand wants to take Canada's " rigid and slow" voting system into the 21st century. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
A sunny and warm Good Friday in the Greater Toronto Area had crowds of cyclists reaching for their bikes to take advantage of the first really nice riding day of the spring. While many took the opportunity to put in their first relatively big ride of the year, two students from the University of Toronto decided to take that to the next level and tackle a distance they’d never ridden before. Not many would decide to do an almost 300 km ride around the Niagara peninsula passing through Port Colborne, Fort Erie, Niagara Falls, Niagara on the Lake and Hamilton in mid-April.
“Never try to get a meal at Niagara Falls when the weather is nice. It took half an hour to get two pizza slices and a drink, which on a normal day wouldn’t be such a big deal,” he said noting that the time constraint did make the long break problematic. “Because it was Good Friday, many places were closed especially in rural parts of the province. It was hard to find somewhere to fill up my bidons or grab a more protein-heavy snack.”
With only five hours to make it back to Burlington, 100 km from Niagara Falls, the two riders buried themselves covering 62 km in less than two hours before needing to take another break to refuel.
The ride from the train station in Burlington took the pair 11 hours 35 minutes and covered 296.2 km. They also rode the distance between the train station to their apartments in Toronto making it a well over 300 km day. Upon arriving home, Krawczyk shared a screenshot of the Strava ride on Reddit and received 3347 upvotes and over 200 comments. It was a response he did not expect.
“It definitely worked,” Krawczyk said about the experience bringing the joy of cycling back. “I couldn’t take my mind off of the beauty of southern Ontario. I was constantly telling my riding partner about how excited I was to go on these country roads, how the air was so fresh compared to the city and how this reminded me of home. I bet I got a little annoying. Most importantly, I was able to get back in tune with what I loved about this sport and clear my head.”
Was I responsible to stop something that I didn’t even know was happening? If so, when should I have known to stop it? Was my counselor being inappropriate? Here are some examples of the things that my counselor did that took us down this path.
Met me at my work and took me out to lunch regularly
As reported earlier — Massachusetts State Representative, Michelle Dubois took to Facebook to warn illegal aliens that ICE would be doing raids in the community of Brockton on Wednesday, March 29th.
Once laid up with pregnancy complications, Garnett undertook the mammoth task of learning the notoriously complex Slavic language. One of her first translations was “The Kingdom of God is Within You,” a religious and philosophical tract by Leo Tolstoy. She went on to translate over 70 volumes of Russian literature, including almost everything Tolstoy ever wrote, Chekhov, all of Dostoevsky, and her favorite, Turgenev, among others. In 1894, Garnett took a three-month trip to Russia, and even visited Tolstoy at his estate, Yasnaya Polyana.
“What utilities are doing is instinctively looking for ways to take this pesky new technology and bat it away,” Weissman said.
“The idea would be: How could a residential storage unit be used to help the grid?” said Kevin Payne, the utility’s senior vice president for customer service. “We could take power (from battery units) when necessary or inject power when it would be helpful to do that.”
Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has seized on the FBI's move as he seeks to make up ground in the polls ahead of Election Day.
In this respect, it is worth noting that the projected gain to GDP of $130 billion by 2030 by the strongly pro-TPP Peterson Institute for International Economics (the non-partisan United States International Trade Commission projected a more modest gain of 0.21 percent of GDP by 2032) does not take into account any negative impact from the increased copyright and patent related protections in the TPP. It is quite plausible that a model that actually took account of the negative effects of these protectionist provisions would show a loss to the U.S. from the TPP and especially to the bulk of the workforce who are not situated to benefit from these protections.
For further help, take a look at Finding classes/methods and using them by Sassoty.
"I stepped away to make some tea and returned to find Luis dancing," Gabriela told The Dodo . "He didn't realize I was there." So, Gabriela did what every good wife would do in this modern era -- she whipped out her phone, took some video, and promptly posted it on Facebook.
Withdrawal from the accord, like the travel ban, was spearheaded internally by Steve Bannon, the president's chief strategist. But White House officials, advisers and others close to the president say Bannon's job of convincing Trump is easier because the president has a natural tendency to take the same path as he — and that while Bannon irked the president with his behavior in the West Wing, Trump has never left him ideologically.
Campus Reform visited Washington D.C to ask college students “Do you like socialism?” and then asked “What is socialism?” Many students expressed favor for socialism, though when they were asked what it was, had trouble articulating an answer. If these kids can’t even define socialism, you can hardly expect them to recall the tens of millions who have been slaughtered under socialist and Marxist regimes throughout the 20th century. Hopefully they get a chance to take Econ 101 next semester.
When aquarists become infected with fish tuberculosis, it normally starts as a skin problem. Mycobacterium marinum is a slow growing mycobacterium and it can therefore take several weeks before you notice any symptoms. The first sign is normally small purple lesions or “bumps”. The lesions will grow and spread and Mycobacterium marinum can proceed to destroy the soft tissue under the skin, including tendons and joints. In severe cases, fish tuberculosis can spread to the bones and cause symptoms similar to arthritis.
Reboot - 1st boot takes around 5-10 minutes.
Police officers found several grams of crack on Davis and crack, powdered cocaine and other drugs in Nembrand-Walker’s pockets at the time of the arrest, Corrick wrote in her decision. Police did not find any drugs on Jaggernauth, Corrick said. Trenouth testified in a pretrial hearing that he saw a large piece of crack fall from Jaggernauth when officers got Jaggernauth to stand up from his chair — testimony that was backed up by the notes Trenouth said he took at the time of Jaggernauth’s arrest, according to the judge’s decision. But at the trial several months later, Trenouth told the court that he did not see the crack fall from Jaggernauth, Corrick wrote. Instead, Trenouth testified that he found the piece of crack on the floor near Jaggernauth and assumed it had fallen from him. Corrick noted other discrepancies between Trenouth’s pretrial and trial testimonies in her decision.
Limbaugh took aim at Powell's comments about the GOP.
Limbaugh also took aim at Powell's decision to endorse President Obama over John McCain during the presidential election, repeating his earlier sentiment that Powell's move was "solely based on race."
"He's one of those guys you kind of take for granted because he's back there every night and does pretty much the same thing," Kane said. "Whether it's shutting down the other team, or creating offensive chances, or jumping in the rush, or how fast he skates, or how good he is defensively with his stick … he does so many things that you can name and really is huge for our team."
"It's kind of like Johnny," Kane said "You kind of take for granted, maybe, some of the things he does because he does the same thing every night."
"He's been so good, for so long, that I think after a while you just take it for granted what you see from him."
"He's been so good, for so long, that I think after a while you just take it for granted what you see from him," said Crawford, who often has a front-row seat. "He's definitely a special player. The plays he makes sometimes … it looks easy, but when you're on the ice you appreciate the talent he has and what he can do for us."
#28. Never take advice on sleeping with women FROM women.
#9. If a girl dumps you, never take her back. She will never respect you the same and the relationship is doomed to fail.
#8. If you notice 1 red flag take note. If you notice 2 red flags prepare to eject. When you notice three red flags you had better be out the door.
With your passport in your hand, complete with a brand spanking new visa, you can now head to passport control. This step is very quick and you should not be asked any additional questions. Once you have cleared passport control you can collect your bags. If your application process took a while (as mine did) your luggage will probably not be on the luggage carousel but sitting on the ground somewhere nearby.
The Visa process as it stands does not require you to bring any passport photos. They will take a copy of your photo contained in your regular passport instead.
Or how to bypass Automated Clearing House which take days to record wall street transactions. "As Blockchain technology continues to redefine not only how the exchange sector operates, but the global financial economy as a whole, Nasdaq aims to be at the center of this watershed development." said Bob Greifeld, CEO, Nasdaq
Dion Waiters stood outside of his locker, squinted his eyes and shook his head as a half-smile-half-grimace formed on his face. It was early January, just days after the calendar turned to 2014. The Cleveland Cavaliers had just lost a heartbreaker to the Indiana Pacers, contenders for the NBA title, and he came pretty damn close to pulling off a miracle that would have propelled his name even further up the ranks in the minds of Cavalier fans. The Cavs were playing in their third game without All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving who had fallen victim to a bruised knee. In Irving’s absence, Cavs head coach Mike Brown opted to go with Matthew Dellavedova at point guard, an undrafted rookie out of St. Mary’s who had grown a bit of a cult following due to his never-ending hustle, rather than Waiters, who was drafted fourth-overall just a year earlier. Down 16 points in the fourth quarter, however, Cavaliers head coach Mike Brown reached to his bench, placing Waiters in the rotation as the primary ball handler. Waiters, who had mysteriously been given very little in the way of playing time to this point, took immediate advantage, rattling off 12 straight points—a barrage of jumpshots between 17 and 26 feet, all different locations on the floor, all finding the bottom of the net. Once the Pacers defense started to converged, the second-year guard from Syracuse turned into a distributor, a facilitator, finding Varejao for two roof-raising assists.
Days earlier, needing overtime to pull out a win against the Orlando Magic, it was Waiters who drove to his left with the clock running down, sinking a lay-up that would eventually send the Cavaliers into extra frames. Down two points with 20 seconds to go against the Pacers, Waiters once again took an inbound pass at the top of the key. The 6-foot-3-inch guard was being guarded by a 6-foot-9-inch small forward in Paul George, one of the best defenders in the league. Waiters made quick work of George, blowing by him on a drive to his right side. The catch: The Pacers center, a 7-foot tall Roy Hibbert, was playing weak-side defense and turned into a brick wall, forcing Waiters to take a tough shot that would ultimately not fall .
This is the same Paul George who, in a feature for ESPN The Magazine, was recently dubbed one of the game’s top players even in the event that he would never score a single, solitary point; the same George who has transcended himself to being the 1A among small forwards, behind only the reigning MVP in LeBron James. When asked by WFNY about going to his left, a voice came shooting over the horde of media members who were swirling about. It was fellow swingman CJ Miles who prodded his teammate—”Everyone knows you wanted to go left,” he said, drawing a laugh from anyone within earshot. All it takes is a quick Google Image search of “Dion Waiters driving” to find dozens of images of Waiters, full steam ahead, with the basketball in his left hand. The left wasn’t there.
Brown said that Waiters is trying to take some “initiative in the process.” His teammates, the same ones who were fed up with his antics during the winter-month drubbings, are also taking notice. Small forward Luol Deng said Waiters is “playing great right now.” Jack, the man who inhabits the locker next to Waiters when the two find themselves within the confines of The Q, has also seen marked improvement, but not just in the young guard’s play. Jack assured Waiters that the only reason people are hard on him is because of his ability and the expectations that come with being one of the best athletes in the world. He’s challenged Waiters to not only bring it on the court, but off of it as well.
This week, while most of America was either preparing for or in the midst of a beer-and-meat-induced catatonic state, RIM's current and final chief executive took a frosty page from the old Iraqi Information Minister, telling the world that the sky was not falling, but if it were, it was a chocolate sky. Lift up your mouth and let the delicious death spiral sprinkles fall into your mouth! Everything is lovely, nothing harmed, the children of tomorrow smile, palms upward, waiting for a new BB10 device. They tie ribbons in their hair and wait.
7. "There's nothing wrong with the company as it exists right now," Heins said on CBC's Metro Morning radio show. 8. "I'm not talking about the company as I, kind of, took it over six months ago. I'm talking about the company (in the) state it's in right now."
What Portland bike thieves took away, our community is giving back.
Portland-based apparel company Showers Pass donated store credit that Minhyeong has used to get a new jacket (the cool Atlas model no less). Right now Hance is helping Minhyeong organize a list of gear he still needs to replace with hopes of getting back on the road in 2-3 weeks. He also said friends of Minhyeong’s took him shopping for a new bike today. The outpouring of support has certainly made an impression.
Dear Mom: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new boyfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Dad and you. I've been finding real passion with Ahmed and he is so nice-even with all his piercings, tattoos, beard, and his motorcycle clothes. But it's not only the passion Mom, I'm pregnant and Ahmed said that we will be very happy. He already owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. He wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too. Ahmed taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. In the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Ahmed can get better; he sure deserves it!! Don't worry Mom, I'm 15 years old now and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your grand children.
With the enthusiasm that only establishing a new garden can bring, I took on the madeira vine with gusto.
It is long (498 pages), well indexed, and concentrates absolutely on the 2nd Battalion the Lincolnshire Regiment, including only where necessary the minimum of background on the wider operations the unit took part in. Given the very large number of more or less general books, especially on the Normandy Campaign, this focus is welcome, as is the use only of photographs that are specific to the unit.
Note that the description of the ineffable sense of a thing will almost always be preceded by a more basic, sometimes quite extended, physical description. The writer in this case takes on the role of Dr. Frankenstein. With Igor’s help, the writer assembles legs, arms, torso, neck, head, and brain. The writer arranges all this stuff on the table, sews it together. But it is still dead (if vivid) matter. Then the writer applies the electricity—describes the mysterious, often quasi-metaphorical sense of a thing—and the thing opens its eyes and comes to life.
We understand from Munro’s unusual insistence that we are not meant to take this as just a metaphor: “But there was a pall over them, she was not mistaken, there was a true terrible pall of eagerness and docility.” But what is this, really? What is being described here? Nothing less than the sense of how things are, a sudden, almost mystical understanding of the truth about these people. And with this description, zap, the world of the room takes on meaning, and life. The Frankenstein Effect, at its finest.
It is while I am at the piano, playing the minuet from Berenice, that the final arrival, unlooked-for by anybody but Miss Marsalles, takes place. It must seem at first that there has been some mistake. Out of the corner of my eye I see a whole procession of children, eight or ten in all, with a red-haired woman in something like a uniform, mounting the front step. They look like a group of children from a private school on an excursion of some kind (there is that drabness and sameness about their clothes) but their progress is too scrambling and disorderly for that. Or this is the impression I have; I cannot really look. Is it the wrong house, are they really on their way to the doctor for shots, or to Vacation Bible Classes? No, Miss Marsalles has got up with a happy whisper of apology; she has gone to meet them. Behind my back there is a sound of people squeezing together, of folding chairs being opened, there is an inappropriate, curiously unplaceable giggle. And above or behind all this cautious flurry of arrival there is a peculiarly concentrated silence. Something has happened, something unforeseen, perhaps something disastrous; you can feel such things behind your back.
Some writers, of course, prefer to avoid the explicit statement of spirit entirely. Hemingway and his ilk have a very high ratio of potatoes-to-vodka, with Hemingway’s followers arranged around him in a haphazard spatter array. To take a familiar example, Raymond Carver’s “Why Don’t You Dance” lives almost entirely in the present, physical moment; a man, now without his wife (we gather she has left because of his drinking, among other reasons), puts his household belongings out in his yard and driveway, arranging them for sale just as they have been arranged in the house. A young couple comes along; the girl dances with the man, and is evidently affected by his plight. The story is told in simple, factual terms, with little or no reference to thoughts, feelings, or epiphanic realizations. The story’s final section, in its entirety, goes:
The foundation of her knowledge was really laid in the idleness of her grandmother’s house, where, as most of the other inmates were not reading people, she had uncontrolled use of a library full of books with frontispieces, which she used to climb upon a chair to take down. When she had found one to her taste—she was guided in the selection chiefly by the frontispiece—she carried it into a mysterious apartment which lay beyond the library and which was called, traditionally, no one knew why, the office. Whose office it had been and at what period it had flourished, she never learned; it was enough for her that it contained an echo and a pleasant musty smell and that it was a chamber of disgrace for old pieces of furniture whose infirmities were not always apparent (so that the disgrace seemed unmerited and rendered them victims of injustice) and with which, in the manner of children, she had established relations almost human, certainly dramatic. There was an old haircloth sofa in especial, to which she had confided a hundred childish sorrows. The place owed much of its mysterious melancholy to the fact that it was properly entered from the second door of the house, the door that had been condemned, and that it was secured by bolts which a particularly slender girl found it impossible to slide. She knew that this silent, motionless portal opened into the street; if the sidelights had not been filled with green paper she might have looked out upon the little brown stoop and the well-worn brick pavement. But she had no wish to look out, for this would have interfered with her theory that there was a strange, unseen place on the other side—a place which became to the child’s imagination, according to its different moods, a region of delight or terror.
He was a stout tallish young man. The high colour of his cheeks pushed upwards even to his forehead where it scattered itself in a few formless patches of pale red; and on his hairless face there scintillated restlessly the polished lenses and the bright gilt rims of the glasses which screened his delicate and restless eyes. His glossy black hair was parted in the middle and brushed in a long curve behind his ears where it curled slightly beneath the groove left by his hat. When he had flicked lustre into his shoes he stood up and pulled his waistcoat down more tightly on his plump body. Then he took a coin rapidly from his pocket.
As you can probably tell from the ‘500’ name, it’s not taking its inspiration from the latest generation of four-stroke monsters but from an earlier era of more delicate, knife-edge 500cc two-strokes. Yes, it does look a lot like an NSR500, doesn’t it? And yes, they’re making 46 of them, which is a number that’s reminiscent of someone who perhaps took the NSR500 to its last world title. But you’ll find no official mention of that chap’s name on the Ronax website.
We believe that clothing is the perfect medium and opportunity for sending a message inside to ourselves. We will keep fashion designs with plenty of style but simply add a reverse image of a message. A message that touches you in a meaningful way every time you look in the mirror or take a selfie. Whether that message is Positive Reinforcement, A Personal Reminder, Internal Fire, etc. Whatever the case may be, you decide what kind of message works best for the betterment of yourself.
In the background, Winiarski operated the lift that raised the gondola filled with grapes and tipped them into the hopper. From there, the fruit moved along a conveyer belt to the crusher. The mechanics of the moment only hinted at the deeper transformations that would take place as the grapes moved toward their transfiguration into wine. The atmosphere was solemn: There was no round of applause or cheering as Robert’s partners Fred Holmes, Bill Hart, and Ivan Shoch stood watching, their families beside them. Also present was Charles Daniels and two of his sons. Daniels had been distributing Krug’s wines since the 1940s and was close friends with Robert. He wanted to support him in his new venture and offered to distribute his wines when they were released in the spring of 1967, even though he knew that support would infuriate Peter.
This first year, Winiarski did much of the lab work himself as well as supervising crush, fermentation, and aging of the reds. Michael was doing his National Guard duty for much of the first year as the Vietnam War raged, so Winiarski took his guidance from Robert. In terms of the day-to-day production, Winiarski was in charge, without any sort of directions in terms of style from either Robert or Michael to produce, for example, Bordeaux-style wines. Because so much else was going at the winery—completing construction, negotiating grape contracts, and selling their first year’s wine—Winiarski was left mostly to his own devices. Yet by 1967, Michael had returned from the National Guard and become, in title at least, the winemaker at Mondavi.
It didn’t take long for Robert to recruit Winiarski’s replacement: a talented Croatian immigrant named Miljenko “Mike” Grgich, who was then working at Beaulieu Vineyard for André Tchelistcheff, the quality-driven winemaker who demanded high standards of cleanliness and precision from his staff. Tchelistcheff was about to retire, but ironically his own son had applied for his job, which seemed to suggest that Grgich was unlikely to become the next winemaker at Beaulieu, the most revered producer of fine wines in the valley. Robert knew of Grgich’s situation and thought he might be looking for a new position. So the men arranged a chat in the fall of 1968, just a few weeks after Winiarski had left.
Though Grgich had made the wine, Robert took credit for it.
Esfandmaz won an all expenses paid trip to compete in the prestigious event after taking gold at the British National Pro Jiu Jitsu Championships in Birmingham, securing the $8000 package in the male +95kg division, which was a mix of black and brown belts. Arya also took bronze in the brown/black absolute.
Those familiar with the competitive circuit will know of the influx of Scandinavian talent Esfandmaz talks of, with the likes of Sebastian Brosche, winner of the Toukon Challenge Brown Belt Grand Prix and Eiren Cathrine Nygren who took double gold at brown belt at this year’s Europeans.
“I’m like ‘Lagarto! I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna flying armbar this guy’, but he’s like ‘Arya! Go for the win first!’ so I’m going to do everything I can to take this opportunity for myself and for the UK.”
On dispatch you can expect to receive your order the next business day (Monday –Friday). Please note this will exclude some areas of Scotland which can take up to two working days for delivery. DPD have improved their service by introducing facility to track where the driver is 15 minutes before delivery. Click for more details... International International Royal Mail First Class & International Royal Mail First Class (Tracked)
Times will vary depending on your countries import regulations and postal service. Please check with your local Post Office for an estimate on how long it takes to ship items from the UK to your country.
I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?
IT’S YOU THAT DECIDES IT CAN’T HAPPEN You can calmly accept that, if you want to have something, you will need to reach out and take it. You will have to fill your own belly with food. It is as terrifying and as easy as that. Your best life will not be handed to you by the universe. But that’s OK. Because the universe doesn’t know what you want. The universe is like that great aunt you have who smells like medicine and knits you a jumper for Christmas that’s two sizes too big and has three sleeves and says ‘From Your Aunt Morgaret’ on the front even though that’s not her name. That’s nobody’s name. MAKE LISTS Take it as lightly as you can. Be nice to yourself. Hold your own hand. Understand that these are things that need to happen. They’re things that can happen. You can make the phone calls you need to make, you can fill out the forms that need filling in, you can learn what needs to be learned. You can push through the panic and do what you need to move forward. You can do these things, not because the world will fall apart if you don’t, but because you are as important as any other person on this planet, and your life will be better and more enjoyable if you try your best to get to where you want to be. Also because it’s what Aunt Morgaret would have wanted.
To celebrate International Women’s Day 2017 we take a look at some inspirational and bold Welsh women from our history.
In 1769, Day and his barrister friend, John Bicknell, chose Sidney and another girl, Lucretia, from orphanages, and falsely declared they would be indentured to Day's friend Richard Lovell Edgeworth. Day took the girls to France to begin Rousseau's methods of education in isolation. After a short time, he returned to Lichfield with only Sidney, having deemed Lucretia inappropriate for his experiment. He used unusual, eccentric, and sometimes cruel, techniques to try to increase her fortitude, such as firing blanks at her skirts, dripping hot wax on her arms, and having her wade into a lake fully dressed to test her resilience to cold water.
While in France, Day struggled over which girl to choose to take forward with the experiment. Both were beautiful; Lucretia was more cheerful, Sidney more reserved and studious. The trio returned to England in spring 1770, by which time Day had finally decided that he would carry on with Sidney's training. Edgeworth explained that each of Day's projects with Sabrina had been successful, but he had come to the conclusion that Lucretia was "invincibly stupid". Day apprenticed Lucretia to a milliner in Ludgate Hill, and took Sidney to Stowe House in Lichfield, where her training could continue. The household would have had no more than a couple of servants, leaving Sidney to maintain the four floors of the house. Her tutoring continued at the same time, with one-on-one lessons from Day on a variety of subjects.
During their time at Stowe House, Day introduced Sidney to members of the local intellectual circle, including the priest at Lichfield Cathedral, Thomas Seward. Seward and his wife hoped that Day might be a suitor for their daughter, Anna, and Anna's writings of the time show her interest in Day. Anna was also enchanted by Sidney, who became the link between Day and the Seward family. Anna took a keen interest in Sidney's story, as her father had taken in Honora Sneyd when Sneyd's mother had died.
In 1774, Day visited Sidney to inform her that she would be apprenticed to the Parkinsons, a family of dressmakers, as Day believed the profession would not expose her to temptation. She was delivered to the family with the stipulation that she should work hard at chores and be denied luxuries. The Parkinsons, however, treated Sidney well, to the extent that Day later chastised them for not instilling "industry and frugality" in her. Less than a year later the Parkinsons' business went bankrupt, leaving Sidney without an apprenticeship and nowhere to live. Day arranged for her to stay with his friends, the Keir family, and implied that she could take on the role of housekeeper at his own home. Day again considered Sidney, who was now 18, a potential wife, but did not let her know of his intentions, nor that her upbringing was part of his experiment.
Over the next few months, Day returned to moulding Sidney to meet his requirements for the ideal woman, choosing what she would wear, and pushing his ideas of frugality upon her. Sidney took on all the ideas willingly and Day believed he had finally created a woman who would meet all his requirements. He was so confident that he talked openly of marrying Sidney, though she was unaware of his intentions. Eventually one of Day's friends let her know that he hoped to marry her. Sidney confronted Day about the rumours and he admitted they were true, neglecting to mention that he had hoped to marry her since the day he met her.
But the Obama administration, which negotiated the treaty, isn’t giving up on it. The White House is pressuring Congress to approve the 12-nation trade deal during the lame-duck session after the election. And on Thursday, Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers published a report warning that if the TPP isn’t passed, a China-backed trade agreement will take its place. That could put U.S. manufacturers at a disadvantage when they try to sell to customers in Japan and other Asian nations. The report argues that if China’s Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership goes into effect, at least 35 U.S. industries as diverse as plastics, fishing and footwear will be at risk of increased competition from China in the Japanese market.
With objectives and goals in place, remember to take time to benchmark the current state of your team’s performance. This will help you measure your progress toward your goals, proving that your strategy is producing real, measurable results for your business.
Audit and take charge of your Twitter accounts
For more information on how to find influencers on Twitter and build valuable relationships with them, take a look at our complete guide to influencer marketing on social media.
According to one social media research study, 42 percent of consumers expect a 60-minute response time on social media. Respond quickly and naturally to customers, as you would in person or over the phone. Retweet, like, and follow— It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy.
It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy. Use @mentions and tag people— When you mention followers, influencers, or other brands in a tweet, including an @mention is a nice way to drive a little traffic their way. You can also tag people in photos when it’s appropriate to do so, as covered in our post on Twitter best practices.
This salad is one of my "grab & go" favourites. It's great for anyone with a busy lifestyle looking for a sating and nutritious low-carb meal they can take to work. I always have hard-boiled eggs and keto-friendly mayo in my fridge. This way I save time and money and avoid temptations. If you want to succeed with your healthy low-carb eating, you should plan your cooking at least a few days in advance.
On race day, I just told my teammates to keep me at the front for the first 10 laps and then I would take care of the rest. And that is what I did. The Côte de Domancy was just so hard. It was ideal for me. I didn’t need a lot of strategy. The final five or six laps up the hill I just rode a steady tempo like I did in the mountains until, finally, nobody could follow. I didn’t have any help. I just went to the front each time we hit the climb. Each lap, more and more riders dropped—bing, bing! And finally the last rider, Baronchelli, blew about 500 meters from the summit of the final ascension and I rode in to victory.
Hinault: No, I just sat out for eight days, the time for the swelling to subside and then I started riding again. Don’t forget, I had won Liège-Bastogne-Liège that year as well as the Tour of Italy, and I withdrew from the Tour de France with the yellow jersey. So I was really in great shape. As long as I didn’t take too long to recover, I knew that I would be okay, and that was the case! After I got back on my bike, the condition returned quickly. I used the Tour of Germany to prepare that year and felt really good there. So I was confident going into the race.
“I don’t know if there were any people who were pro-Trump. But some were definitely sympathetic to things he was saying. I took it as a positive that there was space for these conversations. But when you have a degree there’s this expectation you can provide answers to questions you have no idea about. I’m just not that well-read so sometimes it was quite funny.”
My attorney in that instance laughed out loud when I shared the letter from Gusev’s lawyers, calling it a “blivit.” When I apparently took more than a moment to get the joke, he explained that a “blivit” is a term coined by the late great author Kurt Vonnegut, who defined it as “two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.”
Only time will tell if this letter is a blivit as well. I’ve taken the liberty of sanitizing the PDF document it came in, and converting that into two image files – in case anyone wants to take a look.
You might ask why we would want to look at a murder that took place 25 years ago, but it’s important to understand that the collusion between the police and press that’s being uncovered now isn’t just about events that took place in the past few years, but a pattern of corruption that goes back many decades, and that many of the people involved with past corruption are still involved with the Hackgate scandal even now.
The fifth inquiry took place in 2006, headed by Detective Superintendent David Cook was set up in secret after Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair declared that the first investigation had been compromised by the involvement of Sid Fillery.
Let’s take a look at some examples.
The circle() function takes a couple of values for defining the radius and the center coordinate respectively: circle(r at x y) . By default, the radius value is derived from the element size; if the element is 300px wide, for instance, the radius will be 150px (the radius being half of the circle’s diameter).
Spielman called Stewart into his office one day during the pre-draft evaluation process at team headquarters to watch a YouTube highlight video of Böhringer’s GFL games . They were sold. Rather than risking a wait to sign him after the draft, the Vikings took him in the sixth round.
With a silly, cartoon-like look and theme, this MMO attempted to bring a levity to a genre that was often marinating in deep fantasy lore and statistical theorycrafting. But when you wanted to eschew dragon fighting for slapstick pie throwing, there was no better game out there. Let’s take a look!
Disney had been looking to take its brand online since 1996 (with the proposed yet never-developed HercWorld). Around that time, one Imagineer named Jesse Schell created a virtual game of tag between Mickey and friends as a proof-of-concept that gained traction among the company. Disney’s Internet Zone at its Epcot theme park incorporated the Toontag game for a decade and led to the idea of a family-friendly online game that would be safe and fun for all ages.
In the game, players would take on the role of colorful Toons who were attempting to defend their town against soulless “Cogs” — robots who wanted to turn everything into dull grey structures. The only way to fight back was to employ slapstick gags as weapons, such as spritzers, megaphones, or good ol’ fashioned pies in a turn-based showdown. Either the Toons would prevail with their hilarity or the Cogs would overwhelm them with sadness.
So I kept doing my thing and around March [2012], two days after my birthday, I was in Louisiana with Ludacris, and I got a call [from Kanye West’s people] wanting to fly me to New York. Kanye is one of my favorite producers and artists. I thought he wouldn’t know who I was, but I got up there, and man, he tells me, “There’s times where there’s a game-changing beat or a game-changing song, someone comes through with the crazy kicks, with the crazy sounds, changing the game to where everybody wants to be like that producer. And right now you that guy. You have what it takes to really take over the game.” It was crazy. He let me hear “Mercy” with no drums. He said, “I wanna go straight to the source. I just felt like, if you come through, you put yo fuckin’ drums on there.” I just did it like that, and in no time “Mercy” came out and took over.
So I had a meeting with RCA and [CEO] Peter Edge, letting him hear a whole bunch of different songs. And he heard “We Can’t Stop,” and he was just like, “That record might work for Miley Cyrus.” Her A&R liked it too. He took it to [Miley] and let her hear it, and she said she instantly connected with it because it reminded her of parties that she had been to.
It just worked for her. So when she heard it, we went in the studio, she laid it down, and that same day, we did [Mike Will’s debut single] “23.” She had never rapped before. I was fucking with her lyrics, keeping her in the pocket, and that ended up dope. She listens to a lot of rap music, and she takes good direction. If I’m like, “You should re-say it like this” or “Use this tone of voice,” she’ll try it a couple of times and knock it out. I ain’t know what kind of chick she was, but she was down to try new things. But it was too early. I ain’t want that to be the first [new] thing from Miley.
We were recording at this one studio once and she ended up leaving late and they took a picture of her leaving late and they made up a whole story and it was like, “Ohhh so this is how your life goes.”
I look at her like a friend. She my homey, I love her for life. So I look at it like she was already a huge celebrity, and she already had an idea of what she wanted to do, as far as dancing and twerking and shit like that. But at the same time, I told her, man, look, you already a huge celebrity, grown-ass men chasin’ you trying to take a picture … but if you come out with music that’s dope as shit then can’t nobody tell you nothing. I always had those talks with her. I always told her, “You gotta be just the illest.”
I told every label that I had a sound that was gonna change the game. Put me in the studio with any artist that they want and we can take over the game. I’m just trying to stay consistent. I’m working on my own album. “23” is about to go platinum, and it got over 100 million views on VEVO. I been working on different designs for clothes and shit. People already loving the “23” hoodies. Jordan Brand even reached out to me to say they liked the shit. Michael Jordan reached out to me to say he liked the “23” song.
Multiple attendees felt that interpreting clauses in the GPL "in their spirit" would undo the enforcement work and weaken the license's legal standing, leading to a slippery slope that infringers could take advantage of. "Why," an infringer could argue, "is clause 2(b) not taken literally in the Canonical case, but it is for me?" Attendees also felt that, by not applying licenses literally, developers that had already licensed their work under the likes of the GPLv2 would wonder why they bothered; and those that were considering using the license would now be reluctant, because the move to interpreting the license in its spirit would make it seem vague and ambiguous.
That characterization may have been a mistake. Attendees took offense at the notion that, by defending the literal validity of the GPLv2, a license Moglen himself had been instrumental in creating, they would somehow be made responsible for a hypothetical demise of the free-software movement. As the morning sessions drew to a close, there was the prevalent feeling that the CDDL-GPL issue had opened a rift in the FOSS legal community.
The proliferation and complexity of FOSS licenses were bound to lead to a conflict sooner or later. As Choudhary and Moglen's talk and Q&A session showed, the question of whether it is better for the free-software community to always apply a strict interpretation of a license, or take a more lenient approach when it conflicts with a another FOSS license, remains unanswered. We will hopefully learn more as the conflict between ZFS and the kernel plays out.
But London's boroughs have now clubbed together and agreed to stump up the £320 million it takes to bring the qualification age down to 60 once again.
"Thanks? Are you really okay? I can take you to the infirmary that's in my university if you'd like" he responded.
In just a few hours, Conor McGregor will be stepping in a boxing ring to take on Floyd Mayweather for the belt of the moneyweight division. This monumental moment in sports, that has captured the attention and drawn the interest of millions, is finally here and it will go down on Saturday night in Las Vegas, Nev.
For me, he became a boxer when he defeated Nate Diaz. The reason I say that is because whenever he struck Nate Diaz with a straight-left hand that knocked him down to the ground, he (McGregor) didn’t take advantage of the MMA rules, which allow him to keep attacking Nate Diaz while he’s still on the ground. He simply stood up and kept telling Diaz, ‘stand back up, stand back up.’ I’m wondering why the referee ain’t just giving them a 10 count, and if he doesn’t stand up in 10 then the fight is over, so that looked like a boxing match to me.
Yuta Togashi thought he had problems dealing with one delusional girlfriend in the person of Rikka Takanashi, but now things are about to go totally insane as his FORMER "one true soul mate" from when he was a chuuni himself returns with a vengeance! So how bad is Satone Shichimiya's re-entry into Togashi's chuni-verse likely to be? Let's just say that she's so epically off the deep end of the chuni-scale that she prefers to use the name Sophia Ring SP Saturn VII and that she'll joyfully tear Togashi's real world to pieces in order to get him back in her imaginary one! Some girls just want to have fun and some want to break down the walls between their boyfriends and themselves. But when a girl's idea of fun is breaking down the wall between their presumed boyfriend and reality, retreating into a fantasy world might just be Togashi's best option. Especially since Satone knows where ALL the skeletons from his past are buried. Toss Rikka's equally delusional friend Sanae into the mix and girl-crazy takes on a whole new meaning in LOVE, CHUNIBYO & OTHER DELUSIONS - HEART THROB!
Villa signed a three-year Designated Player contract in 2014 and, since then, he’s been everything NYCFC could have asked for. Arguably one of the best Designated Player signings in MLS history, Villa never took his foot off the gas, especially last season, when he scored 23 goals to win MLS MVP honors and led NYCFC to their first ever playoff appearance.
In 1984, a semi-fictionalized book version of this significant tornado outbreak by children's author Ivy Ruckman, a native of Nebraska, was released under the title Night of the Twisters. The book told the story of Danny Hatch, a pre-teen and his family, and what happened to them as the event took place.
The book inspired a made-for-cable television original movie of the same name, that premiered on February 14, 1996, on The Family Channel (now Freeform). The movie version still centered on the Hatch Family and most of the characters in the book were adapted to the film. However, there were several discrepancies from the movie and the book version. The most notable being the town in the movie is changed from Grand Island to the fictional town of Blainsworth, which Ivy Ruckman reportedly was disappointed about as it took some of the reality out of the actual event. Danny's father's name is changed to Jack in the film (played by John Schneider) and is mentioned to be his stepfather as Danny's real father is revealed to have died in a plane crash when Danny was six years old. One somewhat prominent character in the movie was Bob Iverson (played by David Ferry), who was not included in the book.
This is your first entire album all by yourself. Do not take drugs, repeat, do not take drugs. Just play the entire album in order on a loop. Do this for days. Revisit your old friend "Let's Make The Water Turn Black" now in context. Space out on the reprise "What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?" On the third replay, follow along both sides of the mumbling at the end of "Flower Punk" (the two monologues are on different speakers; do NOT cheat and fool with the balance). Wherever you are in your day, drop everything and slip into a choreographed soft-shoe at "Bow Tie Daddy".
Freak Out! - The whole thing, start to finish. Read the liner notes - reverently. This was the very first album Frank Zappa ever released, and from here you can clearly see his roots. Ponder the influence of doo-wop, blues, avant-garde, bebop, classical, jazz, and all, and study each of the forms on this album. Later on, if you can ever stand to listen to another artist again as long as you live, take some time to look up some of the influences he lists there.
It didn't take long for Mr Şova to feel the consequences. The PSD distanced itself from his comments, removed him from his post and dispatched him to the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, DC. Yet Mr Şova's views are hardly unique in Romania. Any newspaper kiosk is full of books and other publications that echo his pronouncements.
Education is partly to blame. The Holocaust wasn't part of Romania's school curriculum until 1998, and until 2004 many textbooks followed the communist line that the killings were something that happened somewhere else. In 2004 the state-backed Wiesel Commission issued a report on the Holocaust, leading to an official acknowledgement that killings and deportations took place on Romanian territory. Since 2005 secondary-school students have been able to take a special Holocaust course.
Overall, wow. We’re five years in, about to do our 7th print run, and we’re still the #19 top selling game on DriveThru. It’s kind of trivial to say it succeeded beyond my wildest dreams because it had succeeded beyond my wildest dreams when the Kickstarter funded in the time it took me to drive to work. But here we are five years later and it’s been a wild wonderful ride.
John Kerry told us that refrigerators and air conditioners were more dangerous than ISIS. Last year, crazy ol’ Bernie Sanders said“climate change” causes terrorism. He wasn’t alone in doing so, but Bernie took it one step further. He blamed “climate change” for the Brits passing the Brexit referendum.
By canceling America’s signature to the Paris agreement, Trump took all that away. He told the world — allies and enemies both — that we were going to deal with the real problems with real solutions instead of sitting in a corner with the EUnuchs, sucking our thumbs and whining that “climate change” — not terrorism, North Korea, Iran, China or Russia — was the greatest threat we face.
President Trump could take the action he did, because the Paris agreement was nothing more than a paper agreed to by Barack Obama. It wasn’t — like so many other agreements Obama signed — submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent. The Constitution requires a supermajority of the Senate — two thirds of the members, at least 66 votes — for a treaty to become U.S. law. If a presidential agreement is approved in that manner, it becomes a part of the “supreme law of the land,” as the case law says, equal in stature to a congressionally enacted law, and subordinate only to the Constitution itself.
We took a break after the first set at 432. Again, the audience was unaware what it was in, 432 or 440. Everyone had a drink, the rain continued to pour and the mood was pretty neutral among all. It didn’t feel like a party, but there weren’t any bad vibes, mainly, it was void of extremes.
A 4-month-old baby, a 4-year-old boy, a seven-year-old boy and a nine-year old boy survived the attack without physical injury, after witnessing their parents being shot dead before their eyes.Boaz Malka, a MADA paramedic who arrive on the scene, said, "It was a very difficult scene. We saw a car in the middle of the road, and next to it, a man in his 30s lay on the ground with upper body gunshot wounds. Inside the car a woman sat, with severe upper body wounds. They had no vital signs and to our sorrow we had to declare them dead on the scene."The IDF was sweeping the area for suspects.Reacting to the shooting, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said "this murderous terror attack this evening is a clear continuation of the incitement against the State of Israel and its civilians, and repeated attempts to carry out terror attacks.""The war against terrorism requires determination from us, a steel hand, and patience. We are fighting against a blood-thirsty relentless enemy, and with great sorrow we sometimes absorb losses on the way. At this time, the IDF and the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency) are pursuing the murderers. We will pursue them and we will not be silent until we place our hands on the murderers, and those who sent them."In light of the shooting, right-wing politicians accused Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's incitement for the attack, which came a day after he threatened to stop abiding by all agreements with Israel in a fiery speech to the United Nations General Assembly.Likud Minister Miri Regev said, "24 hours after the violent speech of the arch-murderer Abu Mazen [Abbas], a husband and wife were killed in Israel."She called on Israel to take harsher steps against Palestinian terror.Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Bayit Yehudi) said that Abbas's "call to arms was taken up tonight in Israel, and it is red with blood."Bennett added that "A people whose leaders encourage murder will never have a state, and this must be made clear. Now the time of talking is done and the time for action has come."Meanwhile, Hamas praised the "heroic terror attack" and called for more "quality attacks."The group said that "Zionists will pay the price for [Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu's criminal policies everywhere."
"It puts him outside things - it makes him very hard for the actual cultural elite of England to take seriously."
In September 1976, the largest exhibition of Lowry's work to date took place at the Royal Academy. Your Paintings - LS Lowry
He added: "Lowry's a very English artist indeed, but in order to have the confidence to take on the industrial scene he built on his understanding of the French painting of modern life."
Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.
Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.
London has been chosen as the location for the awards this season and the gala will take place on October 23, at which the male and female players with the most votes will collect their awards alongside the World XI.
He then proceeds to pick one … count them … one single argument from a long list and proceeds to demolish it. Incidentally, it took me some time to actually find what he was attacking, I’ll not bore you with the details, but if truly curious, it comes from Number 7 on this page.
Reaction on social media has been swift. Eric Trump's tweet from the brewery has over 1,100 retweets, but there's also been backlash. Some Yuengling beer fans have vowed never to take another sip.
Okay, okay, this is the theatre I’m on about, not exactly SNSD themselves, more their personas and what’s in the lyrics. But ‘Paparazzi’ is another similar slant in modern pop perspectives to take sides on. The ‘bad’ paparazzi who scandal (run devil run? It’s a job isn’t it?), the good girls who might see their mirror image tarnished. But it could be the other way around, the ‘bad girl’ alluring the camera boy or the dance club DJ? That sort of thing; seducing and dividing. Template soft anger pop. But instead of the Jets and the Sharks that are verses, it’s the press and the famous, the VIP and the excluded, good/bad (or whatever). The concept’s okay, what the heck, it’s supposed to be fun. But a new song meaning to the words Girls’ Generation would be welcoming. For SNSD I really would love them to do…something spiritually unifying. “The Boys” album has strong songs and it’s a nice album, but SNSD should do something really different in their pop music now. This limited edition is a landscape packaging with CD/DVD but there’s no inner booklet with mucho photo here. I preferred this cover version, too, to the main edition; the girls look all pensive and moody, a bit 'edgy' maybe, and its alright. I like SNSD I really do, as I like Kara, T-ara and many others. No divisions.
A MeitY official told India Legal: “The finance minister has talked about a social revolution but we will need a cyber security revolution if the grand plan has to take off without floundering and losing its way. As things stand now, there are too many holes in the security set up which are being exploited by hackers. We have to prepare ourselves for a flood of cyber-related crime once the linkage happens. To make matters worse, no one is clear about the volume of Aadhaar data that has already been stolen or accessed by the wrong people.”
It wasn't always this way. In the 1940s and 1950s, this was a bustling thoroughfare popular with tourists who stayed at fashionable hotels that dotted the strip. Construction of the interstate highway in the 1960s and later of high-rise hotels downtown took travelers away. Many Tulane Avenue businesses closed and some hotels deteriorated into seedy flophouses.
Our Nation took another important step in 1938 — in fact, 65 years ago this week — when Fannie Mae was created to buy those FHA loans, and as a result, the secondary mortgage market was born. We took a few more giant steps in the 1940s with the G.I. Bill in 1944 and the Housing Act of 1949, which stated the goal of "a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family." We witnessed the Fair Housing Act in the 60s, the creation of Freddie Mac in 1970, the expansion of Fannie Mae’s activities, the Community Reinvestment Act in the 70s, the introduction of adjustable-rate mortgages in the 80s, and more recently, the National Affordable Housing Act of 1990.
We must understand that the credit scoring system we have built is still imperfect, and that if we are to have any chance at closing the homeownership gap, we must make a serious investment in improving its capacity and capabilities. We must do this through improved automated underwriting models that take into account more variables, and measure true indicators of risk and willingness to pay. We need an ongoing educational process, not only at the primary market level, but also in the secondary markets and with mortgage insurers to help lead this effort to recalibrate the scoring system. And finally, it must be recognized that borrowers with credit scores below what is currently defined as "creditworthy" levels can still be acceptable credit risks. Thus, the credit score bar dividing creditworthy from high-risk borrowers, must be substantially lowered by the GSEs, the secondary market in general, and with bank regulators. The GSEs have made good progress over the last few years in expanding their credit criteria, but I encourage them to become much more aggressive in this regard.
While traditional three-phase feeding aims to maximise growth by ensuring the top-performing animals have the nutrients they require, it does not take into account that every pig’s nutritional needs are different on different days, says the department’s Candido Pomar.
That spurred a black market in which foreigners overstayed visas, set up illegal businesses or took low-paid jobs in areas where authorities wanted Saudi workers hired on higher salaries.
Antoine le Galloudec, a French tourist, was climbing the mountain with three colleagues and took a picture of the dog using his mobile phone.
The vaccine candidate developed by WRAIR and tested jointly with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) to prevent vivax malaria infection is the first in-human study of its kind under an investigational new drug application with the US Food and Drug Administration. WRAIR investigators immunized 30 volunteers with three doses of the vaccine candidate. Malaria is only transmitted through the bite of a female mosquito. Immunized volunteers took part in WRAIR's well-established controlled human malaria infection (CHMI) model where they were bitten by malaria-infected mosquitoes. The efficacy of the vaccine candidate was then determined based on whether or not volunteers developed malaria by looking at blood smears or if it took longer for malaria parasites to appear in the blood.
To take into account the diversity of P. vivax strains, WRAIR researchers and collaborators developed vivax malaria protein 001 (VMP001) as a candidate vaccine for P. vivax malaria. The vaccine antigen VMP001 is an Escherichia coli produced synthetic chimeric recombinant protein that incorporates the three major domains of circumsporozoite protein (CSP), but is distinct from the native molecule. The VMP001 antigen was adjuvanted with AS01B, a proprietary liposome-based adjuvant system from GSK. This adjuvant system has been used in other malaria vaccine candidates, including RTS,S. The clinical trial was funded by the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative (MVI) and the U.S. Army Military Infectious Diseases Research Program (MIDRP).
Just as with any crash, the news coverage immediately following the Tempe incident raised questions of who was at fault. But in this case, the discussion focused on whether the Uber self-driving car could have anticipated the collision and moved out of the way. Uber temporarily took the self-driving fleet off the road while it assessed the situation, but it has since put the cars back on the road a few days later, and we’ve started passing them on the street again.
Number of people sleeping rough has DOUBLED since the Tories took over in 2010 and these MPs are focusing on buying a new royal yacht? If you vote Tory you have a hand in this. — Ian M (@Ian_McKinley) December 28, 2017
Until then, it had been regularly used by the Queen and members of the Royal family on their overseas trips. Over the course of 40 years, it took part in almost 1000 official tours and travelled over a million miles at sea.
Drew Geis, Christian's father, told the station that 45 minutes later, Carosella took the shovel his son had left on the beach and then attacked him when he was walking back to his hotel room.
In order to pay for its pricey plan-of-attack to eradicate homelessness in Los Angeles County, the L.A. County Board of Supervisors is audaciously attempting to place a 'millionaire's tax' on the November ballot for the voters' consideration. The proposed tax would take a half-percent of personal incomes exceeding $1 million annually countywide, and devote the revenue towards funding the county government's 47-point plan for ending homelessness in Los Angeles.
During the Obama years, Congress also vocally complained about being slow-rolled, although then it was typically Republicans saying that it took months to get answers.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE regained a double-digit lead over likely general-election rival Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in a new poll released Friday.
River Song took her time coming around.
The only reason electric cars might one day compete with cars that rely on internal combustion is that gasoline engines are highly inefficient; nearly all of the energy stored in gasoline is lost to heat. But gasoline makes up for that flaw with another advantage: When your car’s out of gas, you can refill it in a few minutes. With today’s electrical infrastructure, batteries need many hours to recharge. There’s some hope that we might one day install fast-charging stations across the country, but the researchers Fletcher interviews point out that this is a daunting challenge. The battery in today’s Tesla roadster needs about four hours to charge. If you wanted to charge that battery in 15 minutes, you’d need a 200-kilowatt electric substation feeding the charging station. “Your house takes 1 kilowatt,” one expert tells Fletcher. “If you want to have something like a gasoline fuel station that is all electrical, you’re talking about multimegawatts of power at that station. And I just don’t see that happening.”
But with every advance, there’s another hurdle. PolyPlus’s innovation makes the lithium metal in a lithium-air battery easy to recharge, but nobody knows, yet, how to recharge such a battery. Figuring that out seems destined to take many more years. The chief technology officer of PolyPlus tells Fletcher that it will be “a long time before you see battery packs that are large enough and proven and tested enough that you would start thinking about transportation.”
5. “We don’t want to take your guns”
Every major pitch for gun control is shrouded with words like “reasonable” and “common sense” and false assurances like, “We don’t want to take your guns” or “We strongly support the Second Amendment.”
If you ask me, that’s a strange way to prove to gun owners that they’re not really trying to take our lawfully owned firearms.
The International Monetary Fund took on a bigger global role Sunday as its 186 member nations accepted the mantle of guiding a lasting economic recovery from the 20 largest economies.
The panel vowed to maintain stimulus support of growth “until a durable recovery is secured” and take further steps as needed “to revive credit, recover lost jobs, and reverse setbacks in poverty reduction.”
Carlow Classic Motorcycle Show 2015 T he Leinster Classic Motorcycle Show takes place on Easter Sunday in St Mary’s Academy School just beside the railway station in Carlow. It is something of a season opener and a chance to come out of hibernation for those of us, who do not use our motorcycles to any extent over the winter period. The Jawa 350 had been resting, awaiting engagements, in the garage for many months, where it had provided a comfortable perch for our family cat during the Winter. That cat can spend so many hours in the saddle without tiring, if only the motorcycle’s owner could do the same! I had drained the tank and carburettor before resting up the bike and on Easter Saturday with fresh fuel and three kicks later she started up immediately. A spin around the block confirmed nothing amiss. Easter Day dawned and the Jawa was fired up and away we went for Carlow. The route taken to Carlow was of course Jawa friendly – down the N81 through Blessington, turning onto the R726 at Rathvilly. Perfect roads for 50/55mph cruising, speeds at which the Jawa excels. Met Eireann had forecast sunshine and decent temperatures for the day but they failed to show up. Grey and overcast conditions prevailed but it was almost flat calm with very little breeze. The trees and hedgerows along the route had as yet failed to show any sign of Spring. The only harbingers of hope were clumps of daffodils around farmyards and the lambs visible in the fields. The Carlow show is a big one with some 100 classic and vintage bikes on show. It attracts a large crowd and the roads and footpaths around the school are lined with motorcycles – some of which are as interesting as those on show inside the school hall. The auto jumble, laid out in the school yard, is also of significant size. I have to admit that these jumbles always look to me as if someone has dropped a bucket into some landfill and filled the plastic fish crates with the contents. No doubt there is gold there for those who know how to pan for it. If visiting the show in the future, do take a look at the railway station, which stands sentinel over the show - it is beauty. Dating from 1846 and built in the Jacobean revival style, it features a yellow brick façade with granite trim and four tall chimneys. The ride home was even more enjoyable as I emerged into sunshine between Rathvilly and Blessington. It was a bonus after the grey day. It also turned out to be a poignant trip, as little did I know, at the time, that it would be my last spin on the 350. In the interim, I succumbed to the temptation of the Jawa 250 Californian. This is the model assembled by Mates Moto Servis in the Czech Republic. It is extremely rare and in all only about 12 of these machines were made. Some of the new old stock parts on the machine still bear the stamp – “Made in Czechoslovakia”. There is a story here but for another day. Pat (Noddy G)
A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
Over the past months, many ostensible radicals talked up Clinton’s credentials. They ignored that Clinton was a quintessential corporate Democrat, a multimillionaire who took huge fees from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms, and, yes, she was a unabashed foreign policy hawk, who boasted of her friendship with Henry Kissinger, who, some have suggested, should be prosecuted for war crimes. And they insisted that women everywhere would by inspired by the success of a female candidate – and, as a result, be motivated to fight sexism in their own lives.
Many on the left – particularly in the ALP – take the failure of identity politics as proof that, if we want to relate to class anger, we can’t call out bigotry or denounce backwardness or welcome refugees. If we do so, we’ll be alienating workers, who don’t care about anything other than checking their pay packet and occasionally glumly swilling some beer.
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
This is new territory in Charlotte. Hornets owner Michael Jordan has always said he’ll pay what it takes to retain top talent. But that concept really hasn’t been tested by the talent level of past players on this roster.
"We have given a framework for the [Justice] Minister to consider, and it will be her job to take that framework and decide what has to be in legislation and what has to be in policy," Mr. Oliphant said.
The Supreme Court judgment ending the ban on assisted dying was set to take effect on Feb. 6, but the federal government obtained a four-month extension during which those seeking this outcome must get approval from court.
Where he got the ladder and why he was here instead of Florida were just some of the many burning questions she had. Seeing the heavy snow falling outside, she set them aside and opened the window so he could get in. As soon as the window opened, he crawled into her small, yet cozy room. He was shivering, despite wearing multiple layers, but he still had that goofy, lovable smile on his face. Not questioning whether or not it was a dream, Jessie just took him in her arms and hugged him.
“Ooh Jessie,” Robby gasped as he took in her naked body.
In addition, Ahmed said, to take away the refuse, they need trucks and fuel, which is expensive and not always available. “It’s a big town, so you need at least three vehicles if you want to clear the streets, but sometimes we can find only one.”
When the army seals off certain districts, activists sometimes cannot take out the waste for weeks. “Then we bury it in the ground because there is nothing else we can do,” Mohammed said.
“You have Leishmaniasis in many places now. It’s gotten worse since the start of the summer. This is why we are now trying harder to take away the trash. People are starting to fear for their health.”
But speaking at the SNP conference in Inverness, Sturgeon said she took anything the Tories said “with a healthy pinch of salt”.
“So there you have it – the awful price of letting ­Westminster control our resources and take our ­decisions for us.”
Fujisaki's 23-volume manga originally ran in Weekly Shonen Jump from 1996-2000. The manga is roughly based on the ancient Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi . The fantasy manga and the first anime adaptation takes place thousands of years ago. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of a powerful dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The Confederation of the Immortal Masters plan a bold mission: they send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.
Often when the darkest timeline is upon us, the aggro players go back to their most powerful tool: Burn Spells. So this week I take Stonescar Burn for a spin!
The goal is to bag 50,000 units of blood by the end of June, a target that will take a major surge to reach.
With those clinics now back open, he's hoping Canadians recognize how valuable their donations are for patients battling disease and recovering from accidents. Mulatu also notes that hospitals may take other steps to preserve the dwindling blood supply.
"When it doesn't work out I know that feeling, it is a hard one and it takes time to really work through it so we are reaching out through our campaign to his campaign," she told Holt.
Economists Jaison A. Abel and Richard Deitz found that women who have recently graduated from college make about 97 cents for every dollar their male counterparts take home -- a much narrower gap than the national average of 82 cents. In fact, for 29 of the 73 majors they analyzed, women actually outearned men. The traditional gender pay disparity was reversed in fields ranging from philosophy to aerospace engineering to social services.
If the gender pay disparity is an example of discrimination against female workers, perhaps it manifests more strongly later in a career. The pay gap could also be more about motherhood than gender. In the first years after graduating from college, most workers -- male or female -- are single and childless. But by mid-career, many of them have started families. And since most of the burden of childcare -- and all of the burden of childbirth -- falls on women, several studies have shown that working mothers’ wages and career prospects take a hit as a result.
Centuries later, farmers, tradespeople and politicians laboured mightily to establish the still-young United States as an economic and social power. The new country’s citizens – who often lived off the land and took pride in stalwart self-sufficiency – found kindred spirits in self-help spokesmen such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson, both of whom emphasised the sacrifice and struggle required to lead a meaningful life. ‘A great man is always willing to be little,’ Emerson opined in an 1841 essay. ‘When he is pushed, tormented, defeated, he has a chance to learn something.’
Florida's own Marco Rubio took spectacular advantage of that.
Don't take it from me. Take it from court documents. And investigative reports.
Heck, take it from conservative commentator Joe Scarborough, a former GOP congressman from Florida who has offered hearty defenses of Rubio in the past.
There could not have been a more appropriate ending to this game in which either team could have won if only someone would just take control once and for all, and put us all out of our emotional suffering.
It was one of the many turning points in this game, as the Redskins took away sure points from the Eagles. Disappointingly, the Redskins marched down the field only to have kicker Dustin Hopkins hit the crossbar yet again this year and attain the low honor of missing the most field goals for NFL kickers this year. The Redskin front office should most definitely send Hopkins a message by having some kickers tryout on Monday to at least see what they have, if only to send the message that his inconsistency will not be tolerated.
The Eagles would go on to score and take back the lead with just 38 seconds left in the 2nd quarter sending both teams to their locker rooms with the Eagles leading 13-7.
Dan: I was always doing whatever Kevin did. Like if Kevin wanted to take piano lessons, I would start playing the piano. I was always emulating my brother. And then Kevin was really big into acting, and so I went into acting. I always thought whatever he could do, I could do better.
Dan: Goonies. That was the first one that we loved so much we printed it out and read it. And we were just like, “Oh my God, this is such a bad script.” I don’t know if you’ve read the original script, but there was originally a scene where the Goonies are attacked by a giant squid, and they escape because Data takes out his Walkman, puts his headphones over the squid’s ears, and the squid just rocks out to Cyndi Lauper. Amazingly bad.
Kevin: I took one screenwriting course and I was like, whatever. I barely got a passing grade.
Kevin: And we literally came from shit. We used to work at a sewer treatment plant. Our father used to build them. So we had this chance to take over a lucrative family company to build, you know, shit factories—
Dan: But there was a nice moment recently where he teared up and said, “You boys don’t need me anymore. You didn’t take the family company, but you made it on your own.” It was a really touching moment.
Kevin: It took us ten years of writing before anything actually got made. We were tossed around a lot, we had a major screenplay making the rounds—they told us it was gonna sell for 2 million dollars. We had this major meeting at CAA, they’re telling us Steven Spielberg is going to direct—Dan, you cried, didn’t you?
Dan: I mean, it’s difficult to write with your brother, but we’ve met people who are married and write together. It’s so subjective. One of you will be writing some beautiful moment…”and here’s where he’ll take the flower, and reflect on his life…” and the other one is like “HE HAS TO LEAVE THE FLOWER! IF HE TAKES THE FLOWER IT RUINS EVERYTHING!”
Dan: Making a movie is really like a marathon, and as a writer you’re holding the first baton…just waiting for them to hire another writer or someone to take that baton from you. With Ninjago right now we’re in the driver’s seat, and it’s a great feeling.
Yes. Yes it was. It sure freaking was. I have wasted no time playing catch-up on all of the cream cheese I missed out on eating during those dark days. This stuff is so superior to anything else I’ve tried. It’s sublime. Not only is it delicious vegan cream cheese… it just IS cream cheese. It takes exactly the same as the cow-derived variety, with none of the cruelty or digestive sadness. One of my good friends eats dairy foods. I fed him this stuff and he was even more excited than I am. He asked me for the recipe and now slathers it on his bagels too. I may not have turned him vegan yet, but I’m pretty sure there’s one more happy cow out there thanks to this amazing vegan cultured cashew cream cheese.
I’m a little intimidated by fermented foods. I took a few stabs at making rejuvelac for the Artisan Vegan Cheese recipes, and it didn’t work so well for me. Beyond that, the process made me incredibly nervous. So take it from someone who is far from a whiz with culturing and fermenting things: this cashew cream cheese is extremely easy to make. And unlike rejuvelac, you will already know what the end product is supposed to smell and taste like! You know what yogurt is like, and you probably know what dairy cream cheese is like. You’ll be fine! If you’re nervous, start with a half batch (assuming your blender is small enough that it can blend that volume of ingredients smoothly).
4.8 from 34 votes Print Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amazingly easy vegan cultured cashew cream cheese, made from just two ingredients: cashews and nondairy yogurt. This vegan cream cheese will make a believer out of any skeptic. Naturally paleo, gluten-free, grain-free and no sugar added! Prep Time 10 minutes Total Time 10 minutes Total Yield 2 cups Calories Per Serving 81 kcal Author Yup, it's Vegan Ingredients 2 cups raw cashews soaked overnight in filtered water (raw macadamia nuts also work - but will take a lot longer to blend)
filtered water as needed to blend Instructions Prepare a clean and dry glass or other nonreactive container. I use a Pyrex container. It may not be strictly required, but it's best to sterilize all of your equipment with boiling water before getting started. Drain the liquid off of the soaked cashews. Add them to a blender or food processor and blend until completely smooth. If you aren't used a high-powered blender, it will take several minutes for the cashews to break down and release oils in order to become a smooth mixture. Stop to scrape down the sides as needed; you can also add filtered water a tablespoon at a time if you're having trouble blending. Note: if your blender has warmed the mixture very much, it's best to take a break now and wait for it to cool down (we don't want to kill the yogurt cultures with heat). Then, add the yogurt and salt and pulse to combine. Transfer to the clean container and cover. Let sit out at room temperature for 24 hours. Use a clean utensil to taste the mixture, and add more sea salt to taste; let it culture for another 12-24 hours if you want a stronger tang. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 weeks. (Note: length of storage time may depend on the culturing conditions and brand of yogurt used). (Optional step) This recipe makes cultured cashew cream cheese with a texture more like "whipped" dairy cream cheese. For a firmer texture like block cream cheese, press out the liquid using cheesecloth. Recipe Notes I use So Delicious Plain Unsweetened Cultured Coconut Milk as my nondairy yogurt of choice. I have tried this with soy yogurt and it also works. I find Forager cashew yogurt a little more prone to mold than other brands. Whatever you do, please use UNflavored, UNsweetened, yogurt. I have experienced that the raw cashews sold at Trader Joe's are a lower quality than other vendors. They do work for this recipe, but I recommend against them if you have other options available. Nutrition Facts Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amount Per Serving (2 tablespoons) Calories 81 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Polyunsaturated Fat 1g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 76mg 3% Total Carbohydrates 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 1g Protein 3g 6% Calcium 1% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
A potential Trump presidency may actually be spurring an increase of migrants at the southern U.S. border, according to Reuters . Between October 2015 and February 2016, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency reported a 24 percent increase in the number of migrants detained as they crossed the U.S.-Mexico border. One worker at a migrant shelter in Mexico attributed Trump’s rhetoric to the surge in migrant crossings, stating to the publication, “They think they need to take advantage while they can.”
EU leaders are joining in opposition to hosting Ankara's political campaigning among Turkish immigrants and there are calls in some quarters for the Union to take a united stand against Erdogan.
"The world must take a stance in the name of democracy against this fascist act! This behaviour against a female minister can never be accepted," she said.
The snow-clearing tram known as Sasara Densha makes its rounds in Sapporo, home of the famous Sapporo Snow Festival. The 2018 festival is scheduled to take place from Feb. 1 to Feb. 12.
For a Congress that struggled to pass even the most basic of bills, the 113th didn't lack for imaginative proposals. Squelched in committee, locked in legislative logjam, and buried in obscurity were bills that would do everything from eliminating federal agencies to micromanaging D.C. traffic enforcement. As the year draws to a close, let's take a look back at some of the best congressional pipe dreams, organized by their likelihood of passage, as determined by GovTrack.
1% — With a just-better-than-zero chance of passing, Rep. Alan Grayson's campaign finance proposal is more a product of idealism than of realism. His bill, the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act, imposes a 500 percent tax on political contributions by corporations. What better way to get money out of politics than to bring in revenue in the process? While reform advocates might see the logic in Grayson's proposal, his donor-reliant colleagues seem unlikely to take it up, even in committee.
Sometimes even the most quixotic ideas need to be stamped out before they take root. At least, that's the premise of Rep. Greg Walden's plan to ban trillion-dollar platinum coins. Some on the left had floated the idea of minting such coins as a work-around to another debt-ceiling fight with the GOP. Walden's bill would limit the value of platinum coins to $200, which, presumably, would not go very far toward circumventing a debt-ceiling battle.
Information matters more than results. We'll look for clues on player usage and traits while understanding that August is a mirage usually conjured up by thirsty football takesmen. Teams don't truly game-plan in the preseason, which makes it a different sport. Stable teams take a backseat for now; the preseason won't tell us much about the Panthers and Packers. This month is all about the players and teams we don't know.
Unlike Wentz, Jared Goff was not always expected to sit as a rookie in Los Angeles. His "plug-and-play" potential was one reason the Rams took him No. 1 overall. All reports, not to mention the first episode of "Hard Knocks," indicate Goff's progress is coming along slowly.
This is hardly cause for alarm. It has happened to rookie quarterbacks from Aaron Rodgers to Eli Manning to Alex Smith. It is a surprise, however -- no matter what kind of spin comes out of L.A. about veteran Case Keenum's "proven ability" to beat the Seahawks. Other recent Rams starters to beat the Seahawks: Austin Davis and Nick Foles. The Rams should take their time with Goff if he's not ready, but this has never been about Keenum. It's Goff vs. Goff, and we get four games to watch his progress. Bonus points for this tier: The Rams and 49ers both play Denver this month.
Robert Griffin III was signed by Cleveland on March 24, more than two weeks after he was released by the Redskins. It was hard to imagine him starting for any team as he languished on the free agent market, much less having a job locked down before the preseason starts. That takes some juice out of the Browns' preseason, but not much. We still want to see how RGIII looks against a live pass rush. We want to see if first-round pick Corey Coleman can live up to those Steve Smith comparisons, and whether Terrelle Pryor can finish his improbable journey from college quarterback to starting NFL wide receiver. We want to see running back Duke Johnson begin to make the leap. Browns homers can also enjoy open starting jobs up for grabs across the defense, but this preseason will be all about new coach Hue Jackson's offense. Are the Browns sneaky exciting?
Before he pulled his hamstring, fourth overall pick Ezekiel Elliott's burst and propensity for making linebackers look foolish at Cowboys camp was something to behold. He makes Dallas appointment viewing once he recovers, while Tony Romo's mobility is something to watch. There should be some level of concern that Romo's back stiffness seems to require him to take so many days off at camp. The Cowboys also still need to figure out both starting defensive ends this month.
The Lions will take a massive breath before the preseason starts, then exhale in a month if running back Ameer Abdullah's shoulder goes unscathed. The Bengals similarly can't handle more skill-position injuries; with their stacked roster, they don't truly need many of their young players to step up. Even Redskins beat writers admit camp this year is boring, which is a nice change of pace for them. Washington's first-round receiver Josh Doctson may not make it back on the field in time to play in the preseason, although we'll keep an eye on buzzy rookie runner Keith Marshall and second-year pro Matt Jones, who already wowed us in the preseason once. The Chiefs have a mostly veteran roster with intrigue at backup running back (Spencer Ware vs. Charcandrick West) and watching Chris Conley as the team's new starting wideout.
The brothers then took out a $100,000 loan from Dr. Ali Al-Attar. The brothers were unable to repay that loan, but that doesn’t seem to be a problem, because Dr. Attar is a fugitive from U.S. authorities. Attar was indicted on tax fraud charges after the IRS and FBI discovered he used multiple bank accounts to hide income, in March 2012. The doctor is also believed to have ties to Hezbollah, the terrorist group. Al-Attar has since fled to Iraq.
As the investigation continued, it kept getting worse. Several offices hired new IT staff, and found some of the computers were sending data to an offsite server. It is unknown what type of data or where the server is located yet, but several IT professionals on the Hill now believe members could be subject to blackmail because of the data theft. The violations were so bad, one staffer said, “There’s no question about it: If I was accused of a tenth of what these guys are accused of, they’d take me out in handcuffs that same day, and I’d never work again.”
The case took another turn in a committee hearing on the Capitol Hill Police budget last week. Wasserman-Shultz took the opportunity to confront the Capitol Hill Police Chief about evidence in possession of the police. The Congresswoman wants a laptop computer back that is currently considered evidence by the Capitol Hill Police. The laptop allegedly was assigned to Imran Awan, the ringleader of the group. The laptop was found hidden in a different building from the one Wasserman-Shultz works in. The Congresswoman has an office in the Longworth building, but the laptop was found “hidden in an unused crevice of the Rayburn House Office Building.” The Capitol Police seized it and are treating it as evidence in their ongoing criminal investigation.
LORI WALLACH: Well, I want to—actually, I want to take one step back before guessing why, because it’s hard to imagine. If you go to our website, TradeWatch.org, we’ve literally done a side-by-side of Obama’s policy goals as a president and everything fast-tracking the TPP would do to basically undermine everything that he has fought for, from lower medicine prices to re-regulating Wall Street, to more energy-efficient climate crisis-combating policies, to allegedly this middle-class economics agenda. The TPP and fast track are the antithesis.
Jill replied to Italian traditions customs: I had a great experience of Italian family life and culture, I traveled on a train down the entire east coast. I saw such amazing details of Italian life, the funniest is when they call each other on their mobile phones when they are sitting only three seats away from each other. They all take their family, pets and lunches on the train and it is pure entertainment watching them play out their lives on the way to their summer destination. I say travel by train and just hop off whenever you feel like it - be prepared to be amazed. Oh yes, it's amazing how many older women I saw wearing black! After their husband dies some of them wear black for the rest of there lives.
Patrick replied to Italian traditions customs: Find the best location (meaning most Roman) to live. The more you are among Romans the better. Most tourists choose to stay in a hotel near the main train station, this is the most “non-roman” place to book your Rome accommodation!. It's cheep but most of the residents there are “new Italians” meaning foreigners mostly from developing countries. The place is great but there is little roman about it. And then quite simply, take a walk around Rome, get a guide book or take notes from this site. Eat at trattorias and Pizzerias (not restaurants), they have a more homely feel and the staff and owners often like to converse. Also eat in places away from the main tourist squares.
Cockney Jock replied to Italian traditions customs: Italians enjoy their meals and take their time to eat, they don't shove their food down their throats in 35 - 45 minutes. I still enjoy going to a restaurant in Italy and being able to sit 3 or 4 hours and enjoy the courses and allow my food to settle before I begin the next course. They cook with olive oil, eat a lot of unprocessed meats and fresh vegetables from the market, and cook simple and not over spiced (depending on the area I guess) and don't overload their plates.
Italians enjoy their meals and take their time to eat, they don't shove their food down their throats in 35 - 45 minutes. I still enjoy going to a restaurant in Italy and being able to sit 3 or 4 hours and enjoy the courses and allow my food to settle before I begin the next course. They cook with olive oil, eat a lot of unprocessed meats and fresh vegetables from the market, and cook simple and not over spiced (depending on the area I guess) and don't overload their plates. Return to the top MaryAbbeymore replied to Italian traditions customs: I am an American who has been living in Italy for the last 9 years. Italians are very big on hygiene, you might find some who are very dirty, but they are in the minority. I think Italians are the Europeans who spend the most time and money on hygiene and personal appearance. In all Italian bathrooms you will find a shower or bathtub, toilet and a bidet. If you do not know what a bidet is it looks like a sink but it's low on the ground and Italians use it to wash their feet and intimate parts. Many Italians wash their intimate parts every time they visit the bathroom, and others 1 or 2 times a day. For Italians the thought of cleaning with only toilet paper is quite disgusting. They say it's not clean enough. Italian women spend millions of Euros yearly on perfumes, the hairdresser, shampoos, cosmetics, etc.and so do the Italian men. I know plenty of Italian guys that who spend a lots of money at hair dresser on cologne, shampoo, face cream, waxing, gym, designer clothes, etc. In the hotel I work at a Croatian client told me that Italian men are nothing like Croatian men because they take such good care of themselves (almost better than women in most other countries). I think the majority of Italians shower every day, the ones who go to gym take 2 or more showers. Italian women, and a lot of Italian men shave almost everything. I've yet to see an Italian woman with hairy armpits. I'm telling you all this because I've noticed a lot of stereotypes about Italian women with hairy armpits, it's false!
Sofia just got married, and being a traditional Italian she was still a virgin. On her wedding night at her mother's house she was nervous, but her mother reassured her, "Don't worry, Sofia Luca is a good man, go upstairs and he'll take care of you."
So she went. When she got upstairs, Luca took off his shirt and exposed his hairy chest. Sofia ran downstairs to her mother and said, "Mama, Mama, Luca's got a big hairy chest!"
"Don't worry, Sofia", says the mother, "All good men have hairy chests, go upstairs and he'll take good care of you."
So up she went again. When she was in the bedroom Luca took off his pants exposing his hairy legs, again Sofia ran downstairs to her mother, "Mama, Mama, Luca took off his pants, and he's got hairy legs!"
"Don't worry Sofia, all good men have hairy legs, Luca's a good man, go upstairs and he'll take good care of you."
Once we were at the church, we paid a small fee to take the elevator up to the very top for a panoramic view of their city.
“If you share a rolled up note or straw for snorting drugs you risk exposing yourself and others to hepatitis C. This is especially true if your nose is bleeding. Cocaine in particular is very alkaline and corrosive to the thin membranes in the nose. If even tiny drops of your blood - often too small to see - get onto the straw or note, it is quite possible that blood to blood contact may take place through the nasal membrane”.
I personally think that this is a crime for which the only victim is the individual. And I think that America has to take a different attitude. I’d like to see more rehabilitation and less incarceration. I’m a fan of the drug courts, which try to direct you back towards work and less time in jail.
SEN. RAND PAUL: But let me respond. The thing is, is that in Florida, Governor Bush campaigned against medical marijuana. That means that a small child like Morgan Hintz that has 500 seizures a day, is failing on nontraditional medications, is not allowed to use cannabis oil, and that if they attempt to do that in Florida, they will take the child away, they will put the parents in jail. And that’s what that means. If you’re against allowing people to use medical marijuana, you’ll actually put them in jail.
The further plan also seems to add a new love interest to the movie, and The Wrap is reporting that Kristen Wiig is in talks to take on the role. She would "play opposite Steve Carell", which suggests that it's Brick who will be finding romance. Crikey.
When you upgrade Windows to a new version, a copy of the old version is kept for a period of time. This is done to give you the option to restore the old version should you run into issues or are dissatisfied with the new version of Windows. This copy may take up more than ten Gigabyte of storage space.
Programs, and especially games, may take up a whole lot of disk space. Modern games are Gigabyte-sized, and it is uncommon that games use thirty or more Gigabyte on the hard drive when installed.
You cannot uninstall programs if you still require them. Moving may be an option in this case then, provided that you have another hard drive available. Please note that you may need to take hard drive performance into account as well. If you move a game from a fast Solid State Drive to a low spinning 5400 rpm platter-based drive, you will notice longer loading times.
Duplicate files are another thing that you may want to look into. The gain depends largely on how the computer is used. If you like to download large bulk archives from the Internet for instance, or use different programs for the same purpose, thing file synchronization, then you may end up with duplicate files on the system that may take up a bit of disk space.
Quantum computers have the potential to perform calculations far faster than the classical computers used today. This superior computing power comes from the fact that these computers use quantum bits, or qubits, which can represent both a 1 and a 0 at the same time, in contrast to classical bits that can represent only a 1 or a 0. Scientists take a number of different approaches to creating qubits. At NIST, the researchers use beryllium ions stored within so-called ion traps. Lasers are used to control the ions’ electronic states, depending on the frequency to which the laser light is tuned. The electronic states of the ions and their interactions determine the quantum operations that the machine performs.
The Federal Trade Commission denies accusations that it took no legal action against the tech company because of intense lobbying efforts
America’s top trade watchdog has rejected accusations it took no legal action to curb Google’s dominance in search because of intensive lobbying by the software giant.
The Wall Street Journal this week revealed that Google employees had lobbied the White House 230 times since Obama first took office, in 2009, and that the search company employs 20 separate lobbying agencies.
Mr Ó Domhnaill took cases in the High Court and the Court of Appeal seeking to prevent Sipo investigating the duplication of expenses. He lost both cases.
“We have a duty to investigate all complaints forwarded to us. The majority of the costs involved here related to Mr Ó Domhnaill’s decision to take a High Court challenge and to subsequently refer it to the Court of Appeal.
While Thatcher herself always claimed to oppose apartheid on principle and was eventually persuaded to take the ANC seriously as an opposition movement, some of her keenest supporters were far less restrained.
During Thatcher's time in office, members of the Federation of Conservative Students (FCS) went as far as wearing stickers declaring: "Hang Nelson Mandela" until the group was banned in 1986 by an embarrassed Tory leadership. The head of the FCS at the time, John Bercow, is now the Speaker of the Commons, but he has insisted he did not take part in the Mandela-baiting.
He added that he could not take sides in the election dispute.
The Church could not take sides over the elections, he said, because it had members "among both those on the square and those who were being opposed on the square".
“I think being in Miami, the best thing about our team in Miami was that you could say whatever you wanted to say, when you wanted to say it right then and there and nobody took it personal. Maybe be mad that guy for a few days or whatever the case may be but it never affected what we did on the floor. We only had one common goal and that was to win. That’s all that mattered. So when you realize stuff like that, when you realize that it’s not about you, it’s never about you, it’s about the big picture.”
In Venezuela, the Washington-backed right-wing opposition continues to ramp up its propaganda campaign, using its control of the private media, against the government and Venezuelan people. In most cases, the propaganda is based on lies and distortions. However, in some cases it takes advantage of weaknesses in the revolution resulting — a result oif bureaucracy, corruption, internal power struggles and attempts to stifle popular participation that pervade the old state structures.
[The suspended teachers] were offered severance pay of $5,500, but that is contingent on their dropping a federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission lawsuit, said Mark Schwartz, their lawyer. “This is a ridiculous offer,” he said. “I’d be surprised if they took it. Unlike the school, these two have some principles.” School representatives on Tuesday declined to give a reason for the terminations.
Who knows? Freedom, as they say in the army, isn’t free. The same often goes for achieving “excellence” in education: it’s not just book work; it can mean struggle. It takes organization, and it takes courage. In Selma it led Dr. King and me to jail; a few years later it led him to a bullet in Memphis.
Before I continue, I'll take this opportunity for a rant: getting Domain Admin should NOT be the sole scope of your pentest and if it is you are doing it wrong. You should be focusing on post-exploitation, trying to find sensitive PII, documents etc.. anything that can clearly demonstrate to 'management' how much it could have impacted the organization if it were a real world compromise. However, having Domain Admin access does make life easier, provides additional value to the client and tends to make an impression on the Blue Team.
Originally, I wanted something that could just take BloodHounds output, parse it, feed it to Empire and make it follow the 'chain'. However, BloodHound does not take into account (at least to my knowledge) paths that could be achieved using domain privilege escalations such as GPP Passwords in SYSVOL (I personally find that one an almost every engagement).
Once you get that first Agent, DeathStar will take over and the magic will start.
One thing that I'd like to point out: although these two videos take advantage of credentials in one way or another it is possible for DeathStar to obtain Domain Admin rights simply by using a combination of local admin relationships and PSInject without ever using a set of credentials.
Now, what about the speed issue? As mentioned, the speed comparisons with R (and with other languages) offered by the Julia people were widely regarded as unfair, as they did not take advantage of R’s speedy vectorization features. Let’s take a look at another example that has been presented in the R-vs.-Julia debate.
For most people, I believe the biggest speed issue is for large data manipulation rather than computation. But recent R packages such as data.table and dplyr take care of that quite efficiently. And for serial computation, Rcpp and its related packages ease C/C++ integration.
So, take THAT, Python and Julia! 🙂
This is the first affordable Raspberry Pi case made out of aluminum. We wanted to ensure we didn’t sacrifice form over function, so we used the aluminum housing of the case to provide a built in heat sink. Supplied with the case is a thermal pad and 4 screws for the simplest Raspberry Pi case assembly on the market. It only takes seconds to drop your Raspberry Pi into it’s amazing new home and show it off on your counter top.
Trump's campaign hoped that by the convention's end, voters would look past the gathering's rough start, including the plagiarism charge involving Melania Trump's opening address. After 36 hours of denials, the campaign moved to put the matter to rest Wednesday, releasing a statement from a speechwriter who took blame for including lines from a Michelle Obama speech in the remarks.
Republican worries about Trump's preparedness for a general election battle with Democrat Hillary Clinton have only been reinforced during the convention. The campaign struggled to respond to plagiarism charges involving Melania Trump's Monday night address, finally releasing a statement Wednesday from a speechwriter who took blame for including lines from a Michelle Obama speech in the remarks.
Lib Dem health spokesman Jim Hume said: "Our figures show that a total of 774 attacks on A&E staff took place across Scotland over 2012 and 2013. That's equivalent to an attack a day on NHS staff.
The commission has asked the court to appoint a receiver to take control of Aequitas. It also removed Aequitas chief executive Bob Jesenik and his longtime partner, Brian Oliver, from positions at the company and sought to ban them from the securities industry.
According to Danny Fein, Litographs’ founder, the campaign was successful for four main reasons – its mailing list and Danny’s social networks; its timing; its creative use of rewards; and its strong press coverage. “It’s really important to get your campaign off to a good start, and it’ll take on a life of its own,” Danny says.
Danny’s main goal for the campaign was to get it featured by Kickstarter on the homepage, but that doesn’t happen without a bit of leg work. In order to build momentum and prove to Kickstarter that his project was worth highlighting, Danny sent an email to his existing mailing list of about 4,000 people who already had an interest in Litographs. He also promoted the page heavily on his personal social media sites – particularly Facebook. Instead of featuring a promotion on his website, he took the opportunity to offer a special price on posters – $15 instead of around $30 – available only on the Kickstarter page. This drove hundreds of customers, who were already Litographs fans, to “donate” to the campaign and get a poster for half the price. Kickstarter noticed the page’s immediate success and featured it soon after. According to Danny, about 50% of the money raised came from people who found his page through Kickstarter.
Kadokawa Games’ Kensuke Tanaka will act as the game’s producer and director. It will use the browser game as its base, with a new user interface built for PS Vita including new systems like a “Waters Map.” Most of the Kanmusu (ship daughters) from the browser version will be included with the PS Vita version from the get-go, and gameplay will take a shift towards more overt strategy.
In Mirantis OpenStack 5.1, we reduced the time required to install Fuel on master node into the Docker containers. On a virtualized deployment on an SSD in 5.0, the Fuel master node took about 18 minutes to load images and 9 minutes to start the containers. In 5.1, we reduced image load time to 9 minutes, with 8 minutes to start the containers. When deploying on physical hardware, image load time decreased by 20% in 5.1. Many users recommended using tmpfs on Fuel Master to decrease installation times, but we found that it was unreliable in low memory environments, which slowed the process even further. We were working with 3GB of uncompressed container data, which is just too large to use with tmpfs. Improvements are planned for future releases.
Victoria Police and Metro yesterday urged people not to take the law into their own hands. Senior Sergeant David Cochrane, of the transit police, urged people not to approach offenders but to ring police or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Public Transport Users Association president Tony Morton said his group also did not encourage people to take matters into their own hands.
By latching onto bacteria and detonating at just the right moment, a new drug could help take out the leading cause of bacterial infections in humans worldwide.
“I had not intended to discuss this controversial subject at this particular time. However, I want you to know that I do not shun controversy. On the contrary, I will take a stand on any issue at any time, regardless of how fraught with controversy it might be. You have asked me how I feel about whiskey. All right, here is how I feel about whiskey.
If when you say whiskey you mean the devil’s brew, the poison scourge, the bloody monster, that defiles innocence, dethrones reason, destroys the home, creates misery and poverty, yea, literally takes the bread from the mouths of little children; if you mean the evil drink that topples the Christian man and woman from the pinnacle of righteous, gracious living into the bottomless pit of degradation, and despair, and shame and helplessness, and hopelessness, then certainly I am against it.
We don’t know how much of a factor the loss of this process might be on planets around red dwarf stars, as the paper takes pains to note:
Last year, special operations leaders bristled that some reporting used names, units, and mission details that revealed identities and other sensitivities putting elite U.S. troops at risk. Gen. Thomas, at a March 2016 press briefing in Tampa the day he took command of SOCOM, said, “I’d offer while our operations are necessarily secret, we are absolutely committed to the accountability we have to the American people and the president of the United States. So there’s a balance there, and certainly the American public have a need to know what we’re doing and that we’re doing it in the right way, and consistent with American values. So we accept that that’s a challenge in terms of information, but as Gen. Votel mentioned, I think where we do have concerns is where it starts to imperil the tactics and techniques that we employ, and more importantly, the people involved. We’ve had a rash of true-name disclosures here recently, which I don’t see serving any purpose other than to put those people in jeopardy.”
The U.S. military works with hundreds of reporters from global TV networks to niche magazines and bloggers doing their jobs every day. In our jobs, we interview American and foreign allied troops on their way to die and we talk to their mothers when they return home in caskets. We travel with and talk to the experienced Joint Chiefs and the newest Marines out of boot camp. We fly onto aircraft carriers and into forward operating bases, and then to bespoke-suited NATO meetings of top European defense ministers — often in the same week. Generals, admirals, and service secretaries trust us enough to take us into dangerous places where there are secrecy rules to keep us all safe. They give us briefings and speak to us, often privately, to make sure we are getting the story right or that they are at least getting their version of the story heard. Some of us have been shot at, blown up, and killed, alongside the servicemen and -women we are covering, and some are still going back into the war zones to keep reporting. They have earned the respect and admiration of troops of all ranks.
Journalists arriving on this beat find it takes a few years of source-building and practice just to get to know the enormous military, much less earn the kind of trust that leads senior leaders to talk to the public through your pen or camera when the news really hits.
When the New York Times’ Michael Gordon asked the general for his comments on Trump’s “dishonest” line and support from military voters, Goldfein said, “Yes, you know, this is a great opportunity, I think, just to step back and remind ourselves and the American people the oath we take as members of the military, the oath we take and we retake every time we are promoted, to support and defend the Constitution and the laws of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. We actually don’t, by design, pledge support to any particular party or any particular leader.”
“But since this will be my final press conference as secretary of defense, I would actually like to take this opportunity to say a few words to the Pentagon press corps. And don’t worry — it’s all good. These past few weeks have truly been the long goodbye, particularly for the traveling press, so I’ll keep it short.
Even though I had held senior jobs in the U.S. government and was president of a major university, before becoming secretary of defense, I had never had sustained a regular on-the-record interaction with the news media. When I first took office, I worried that relations between the Pentagon, the military and the press, while always difficult, were mostly characterized by mutual suspicion and resentment. So I made it a point when speaking to military officers, from cadets to generals, to remind them that a vigorous, inquisitive and even skeptical press was a critically important guarantor of the — of freedom under the Constitution and not to be treated as the enemy.
Webmaster level: Intermediate to AdvancedUser testing has taught us that searchers much prefer the view-all, single-page version of content over a component page containing only a portion of the same information with arbitrary page breaks (which cause the user to click “next” and load another URL).Therefore, to improve the user experience, when we detect that a content series (e.g. page-1.html, page-2.html, etc.) also contains a single-page version (e.g. page-all.html), we’re now making a larger effort to return the single-page version in search results. If your site has a view-all option, there’s nothing you need to do; we’ll work to do it on your behalf. Also, indexing properties, like links, will be consolidated from the component pages in the series to the view-all page.Interestingly, the cases when users didn’t prefer the view-all page were correlated with high latency (e.g., when the view-all page took a while to load, say, because it contained many images). This makes sense because we know users are less satisfied with slow results . So while a view-all page is commonly desired, as a webmaster it’s important to balance this preference with the page’s load time and overall user experience.In the diagram, page-2.html of a series may specify the canonical target as page-all.html because page-all.html is a superset of page-2.html's content. When a user searches for a query term and page-all.html is selected in search results, even if the query most related to page-2.html, we know the user will still see page-2.html’s relevant information within page-all.html.On the other hand, page-2.html shouldn’t designate page-1.html as the canonical because page-2.html’s content isn’t included on page-1.html. It’s possible that a user’s search query is relevant to content on page-2.html, but if page-2.html’s canonical is set to page-1.html, the user could then select page-1.html in search results and find herself in a position where she has to further navigate to a different page to arrive at the desired information. That’s a poor experience for the user, a suboptimal result from us, and it could also bring poorly targeted traffic to your site.However, if you strongly desire your view-all page not to appear in search results: 1) make sure the component pages in the series don’t include rel=”canonical” to the view-all page, and 2) mark the view-all page as “noindex” using any of the standard methods.It’s not uncommon for webmasters to incorrectly use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the first page of their series (e.g. page-2.html with rel=”canonical” to page-1.html). We recommend against this implementation because the component pages don’t actually contain duplicate content. Using rel=”next” and rel=”prev” is far more appropriate.Because users generally prefer the view-all option in search results, we’re making more of an effort to properly detect and serve this version to searchers. If you have a series of content, there’s nothing more you need to do. If you’d like to hint more to Google how best to serve users your information:As always, feel free to ask in our Webmaster Help Forum
I will yet again try to present a simplified physical picture: Our climate includes energy transport both from the equatorial region to the poles as well as a vertical flow from the surface to the height from which it can escape freely into outer space. The story behind mid-to-upper tropospheric warming strongly involves the vertical energy flow, which will be the focus of the discussion. In very simple terms, the laws of physics say there has to be a flow of energy from the planet’s surface, where energy is deposited, to the heights from where the heat loss takes place (see schematic below).
The vertical energy flow can take several forms: radiative, latent, and sensible heat. The radiative energy transfer has a character of diffusion (photon diffusion), and the more opaque the atmosphere, due to increased GHG concentrations, the slower the effective radiative energy transfer. A similar situation is believed to take place in the outer layer of the Sun, in the opaque convective zone, where convection is the main mode of energy transfer (which by the way subsequently play a role in solar activity).
Other forms for heat flow between the two levels are expected to compensate for the reduction in radiative energy transfer (despite greater temperature differences) if the planetary energy input and heat loss are to balance. One such candidate is convection, carrying both latent and sensible heat and where the energy transfer takes place in form of heat-carrying vertical motion. Indeed, warming below and cooling aloft give rise to more unstable conditions that favours convection.
This could not be construed as a bailout, since many sellers would take a loss -- how much depending on when they bought and how overheated their particular market became.
Also, it would not rescue homeowners who bought more house than they should have or took out one home-equity loan too many and are now "upside down" (they owe more than their house is worth).
The first wave of 42 cases was commonly known within the state health department, Wells said, but the agency did not take the information to the governor until confirming a second wave of 45 cases and analyzing them together.
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality “reminds me of a stubborn 2yr old child,” Henry wrote on Nov. 6 to Genesee County Health Officer Mark Valacak. “Instead of doing what is right, they’ll willfully take another spanking just to be defiant.”
He returned, left for the market, bought what his family called “sulphas”, available as tablets, came home and took some.
Code enforcement issued its citation to the landlord of Kat's Pub weeks before Angel Burlesque's performance took place, based upon the titillating nature of the bar's advertisement for the show. While the department says that "by definition, burlesque does not mean adult entertainment," the confluence of burlesque and a less than fully clothed woman on a poster was enough evidence for the city to make its decision.
In this post, I compare 16 file-sharing services. I took three main issues under consideration when creating the comprehensive app list below: Free, Fast, and Useful . . .
“I called his office in D.C. and asked about it,” Holtz said. “They took my email and name and said they would get back to me but I haven’t heard anything yet.”
“I contacted the Virginia ACLU and let them know what was going on,” Tucker said. “If you can’t take it when someone disagrees with you, then you should stop using Facebook in an official capacity.”
Over the past two years, London producer Jack Dixon has quietly amassed a rather impressive discography, dropping releases—both solo and collaborative—on labels such as Brownswood, Silverback, ManMakeMusic, and, most recently, R&S offshoot Apollo, which just put out his You Won't Let Me EP. But even with a string of quality releases to his name, it's sometimes easy to forget Dixon amongst the ever-swelling ranks of producers turning out bass music, or whatever genre tag is being applied at the moment. Perhaps it's due to the understated nature of his productions, which offer a polished, techno-infused take on UK rhythms. Well-suited for melancholy mornings and late-night comedowns, Dixon's tunes aren't anthems, nor are they meant to be. As admirers of his songcraft, we figured that it might be best to give Dixon a chance to showcase his talents outside of the club, which is why he's been invited to deliver the latest chapter of the XLR8R podcast series. As one might expect, it's a low-key affair, albeit never a sleepy one, as Dixon tastefully weaves together an hour's worth of nuanced house and techno selections. The blends are long and the mix never comes close to losing its composure, yet Dixon's podcast still carries enough weight to edge its way into our subconscious.
Fifty-five percent of women said they would give up their career to take care of children if their partner asked them to do so. But only 28 percent would ask the same of their partner.
When the partition of India took place in 1947, Karachi was a colonial port city of about 400,000 people. It's now grown into a crowded, industrial, polluted city of more than 13 million people, Inskeep says. "There are red streams going down the streets that people say are pollution from tanneries. There's raw sewage going into the harbor. But at the same time, it's a city full of incredible life and incredible improvisation."
The escalation of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran is the latest episode in a 35-year old low-intensity conflict between the two regional powers. The competition took off in 1979, when the Shiite Islamic revolution triumphed in Iran. The new government solidified its hold on Iran with harsh Islamic moral and social restrictions and began to spread its influence outside by setting itself up as rival to the US, an enemy of Israel and supporter of non-state militias, foremost among them Lebanon's Hezbollah.
"He's always done his thing and I've done mine, and to be honest I never thought something like this would happen," Austin said. "He called me up and asked me, 'Is this something you might be interested in because we need you.' When I heard that it was one of those things I had to think. I had to take a day to myself and think could this work, and it does."
— A planned “six-figure” spend in Nevada on “deep canvassing” in Hispanic neighborhoods to build support for educational savings accounts, which enable families to use state tax dollars to pay for private school. Although such a program was passed by the Nevada Legislature in 2015, it never took effect after the funding mechanism was ruled unconstitutional.
"Immigration into the UK has been a supply-and-demand issue. Businesses needed the labour and because of the way our benefit system was constructed, too few of the economically inactive took the jobs on offer."
Mr Duncan Smith said that when the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats took office in a coalition government in 2010, almost five million people were on out-of-work benefits.
For George, Sam and me, “Rags to Roses” has become the 10-unit class we never planned to take. For you, we hope it serves not only as a celebration of Stanford football’s recent accomplishments, but as the story of the men who brought this program back to life — and then took it to new heights.
The atoms are slowed until they are moving at just a few millimetres a second. They can then be unfrozen for precise lengths of time to take exact measurements of how far they moved, therefore allowing precise calculations on how the whole device moved in that time or changes in gravitation. One problem yet to be overcome is that these two possibilities cannot be told apart – a large object to the north of the sensor would give the same reading as acceleration to the south. It is thought that maps showing high-gravitation areas will be able to solve this issue.
At first, it was tough to convince others that running and drinking beer — almost simultaneously — isn’t a bizarre thing to do. But once Tej Sandhu and Dan Grant found their voice on social media, membership in their “running crew” took off, they say, swelling in the last six months from 10 runners to 900.
Society is in the throes of a running boom, experts say. And, running “crews” in particular are on the rise (FYI, you 40-somethings: “group” and “club” are not cool words anymore). Seems millennials (this includes people in their mid 20s to mid 30s), particularly those who live downtown in big cities, are taking to running like rappers to Nikes and hipsters to tight jeans. Joining “crews,” is how this younger set — who consider Trinity Bellwoods Park their backyard and prefer public to private space — have decided to take up the sport. A desired result is to get fit and healthier, of course, but they’re not just running to lose weight, says Alan Brookes, race director for the Canada Running Series, which includes the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Oct. 18. They’re running for all kinds of reasons: to escape a tiny, urban condo, connect with people and make new friends, explore the city, discover their own neighbourhoods and even make them better. “They seem committed with their values to a friendlier, more caring city,” Brookes says. “It’s about a search for community and building community and having a say in the kind of community you want.” It’s also about self improvement. Steven Artemiw, 34, co-founder of the Parkdale Roadrunners, one of the largest crews in the city, commanding up to 150 runners on their weekly Tuesday night jaunts, says he started running when he gave up drugs.
Members of the running group Night Terrors take to Toronto's streets on an early October night. ( Andrew Francis Wallace )
Run T.O Beer: It all started with a tweet. Beer writer Dan Grant was looking for a buddy, someone to join him on a run — and then a trip to the bar. Tej Sandhu replied, the two met for a jaunt and pint on a miserable March night in 2014 — and the rest is history. Runs are short — either three, five or 10 kilometres with shorter distance runners joining in along the route — and always rewarded with brew. Since beer companies have been quick to join this party, every run ends with a free drink. Nike + Run Club: Sometimes, 200 eager runners turn out. Head coach Rejean Chiasson, 32, says that in the last couple of years there’s been a surge of runners from all kinds of different backgrounds and skill levels. The more serious — those with defined goals — can join Chiasson’s other crew, Pace & Mind, where participants can pay $100 to $120 a month for customized programs. BlackToe Running Inc.: This trendy Bathurst St. store has partnered with Dr. Jack Daniels (no, not that JD), a former Olympian and coach, who makes all its training programs. The cost is $25 a month and the crew goes on four evening runs a week and for a long run on Sunday mornings, says BlackToe owner Mike Anderson. After that, they usually take over a local restaurant for brunch. Correction – October 15, 2015: This article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly referred to William Chaupiz as the co-founder of Night Terrors.
The list includes topics such as what to say at Question Period, hot-button issues to look out for, even what to avoid ("pet bureaucratic projects") and who to avoid: "bureaucrats that can't take no (or yes) for an answer."
Who to avoid: bureaucrats that can't take no (or yes) for an answer (this item was dropped from the list)
On Monday, Harper announced the appointment of eight new cabinet ministers -- four women and four men -- as part of the largest cabinet shuffle since he first took office.
Just taking depositions for the case took two years and required more than 600 pages of depositions. However, it never went to trial. Instead, the Ohio Supreme Court ruled that the Recorder’s Office needed to make the files available on CD—for $1 per CD. This meant that for 20 CDs’ worth of records, the County Recorder’s office went from charging $1,000 to wanting to charge $208,000 to being ordered by the court to charge…$20.
Especially in these days of rising expenses and looking to find a way to keep the IT department from being a cost center, it’s tempting to look for ways to recoup costs. Unfortunately, take it too far, and the backlash can be quite dramatic.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
From start to finish, a deploy of Balanced takes about 10 minutes. During that time, we run over 950 unit tests, and another 200-300 integration and acceptance tests. We often deploy upwards of ten times a day, over multiple services.
Bernstein writes: "A lot of people argue that there's a tradeoff between growth and inequality - that you can have faster growth but you might have to take more inequality along with it."
In this book you develop an elaborate set of arguments about how the high levels of economic inequality we're seeing hurt our economy, our institutions, and our politics. Let's start with the economy. A lot of people argue that there's a tradeoff between growth and inequality - that you can have faster growth but you might have to take more inequality along with it.
At the top [of the income scale], a lot of the inequality arises out of efforts that people take to get a larger share of the pie rather than to increase the size of the pie. As you know, economists call it "rent seeking." What they're doing is moving money from the bottom to the top. But they're not creating wealth; they're just shifting wealth around. And the people who have been exploited are not better off; in fact, they're worse off.
Some people say we have this inequality because some people have been contributing much more to our society, and so it's fair that they get more. But then you look at the people who are at the top and you realize they're not the people who have transformed our economy, our society. They're not the inventers of the lasers the transistors, the computer, the discoverers of DNA. They're the bankers that exploited the poor, the CEOs who took advantage of the deficiencies of our corporate governing structure to a larger and larger share of the corporate revenues without increasing the productivity and performance of the companies or our economy as a whole.
That takes us to a broader point: Preparing to launch a massive military operation to retake Iraq’s second-largest city is not the kind of thing that can be done stealthily. It’s literally not possible to move tens of thousands of troops, heavy artillery, and other equipment to the outskirts of the city a couple of hours before the attack is supposed to begin.
Making matters even harder, the 20,000 to 30,000 troops that will take part in the offensive aren’t part of a central, unified command. Moving fighters from so many different groups — some members of a formal army, some just tribal fighters with minimal training — and all of their weapons and equipment into place around a city as big as Mosul takes a while. And the idea that all that activity would go unnoticed by ISIS fighters in Mosul and the surrounding areas beggars belief.
There are aspects of the coming Mosul offensive that would without question do real damage if made public. ISIS would benefit from knowing the exact day the offensive will begin, the roads coalition troops will take into Mosul, the radio frequencies they’ll use to communicate, the buildings they plan to target, and other details about how the US and its allies hope to conquer the city.
The US hasn't disclosed any of those things. The Pentagon has hinted that the offensive would begin at the end of October or in early November, given a very broad estimate of the number of troops that will take part, and made the obvious points that the Kurds stationed north of the city would attack from the north while the Iraqi and tribal forces operating south of Mosul would move up from the south. It's hard to imagine the US getting more specific as the fighting draws nearer.
"With North Carolina residents traveling to and from the Caribbean and other affected areas, we have been monitoring for possible imported cases," State Epidemiologist Dr. Megan Davies said. "Anyone experiencing symptoms of chikungunya should contact a physician and minimize exposure to mosquitoes to reduce the risk of transmitting the virus to others. Travelers who visit countries where chikungunya is widespread should take extra precaution against mosquito bites."
Wilfred Mesquita, a spokesman for the BJP in Goa, said: “Anything which affects the morality and culture of Goa will be opposed by the party. If this Playboy is the same Playboy which is abroad, then we will definitely oppose it." He added his party is looking into what form the Playboy Clubs would take in India, and respond accordingly.
If there’s one thing the British are famous for it’s our ability to politely queue for anything. If it were possible for corpses to form an orderly line you’d be able to take great photos outside of our funeral parlors.
Mook went on to urge fundraisers "to take seriously the threat that Donald Trump could outraise us," warning that his small-donor operation is only getting started and has plenty of room to grow. Mook also noted how Trump, a billionaire, "has the capacity to write his campaign an eight or nine figure check, which could single-handedly tilt things in his favor."
"When I saw the story, it was just sad to see how two teenagers would take something away from a little 9-year-old," Leckington said. "It was just wrong, and I saw it was an opportunity to give back."
However, he was unable to find a job. “Isolation and despair took hold of me,” he said.
Morimoto: That’s basically right, but the origin was different. The main programmer, Yuji Naka, was a fan of the idol singer Noripii (Noriko Sakai), and her liked her new song “Nagisa no Fantasy” (Beachside Fantasy). From that he took the word Fantasy, and played around with it till he came up with Phantasy Star. It ultimately ended up matching the image of the game.
Yoshida: With RPGs today it’s almost impossible to implement a password-save feature. If we had tried to add one for Phantasy Star IV, first, it would have to be absolutely perfectly entered (just having one character off would mean it wouldn’t work), and the password would be so long it would take two screens to write out–not the kind of thing you can just write down on a notepad. Anyway, compared with the original Phantasy Star, the sequels have many more party members and the amount of data isn’t even comparable.
“Each has advised us to take the same steps of action and our first step is this presentation,” Brendan Linton said.
Brendan Linton said they are asking the supervisors and staff members to work together and take action to correct the issues.
"When [Rodriguez] gets up to bat, you can hit him and hit him hard," one player on the conference call told Yahoo Sports. "That's what I'd do. He sued us. Jhonny Peralta and Nelson Cruz screwed up. You know what? They owned up to it. They took their medicine. "[Rodriguez] needs to be scared of coming back and facing people he sued. If he can't fear the wrath of getting kicked out or not being included, he's going to be forced out."
Martin said he originally thought the Larkins might agree to doing one week but instead they wanted to do three weeks. They just started their second week and the third one takes place from Aug. 8-11.
"Some of my friends told me about this and I really wanted to go here so I'm like, 'Hey, Mom! Hey, Dad! Can I sign up for the Dylan Larkin camp? I heard it's really popular,'" Brennan said. "Then my mom and dad said, 'OK. When is it?' I said when it was and they took me here.
SLOW : logging into my Exchange and check it there But that took unnecessary long and was complicated..
The prime minister insisted that families would not be worse off. “If you take a family where someone is on the minimum wage, when you take into account all the things we are changing in tax, in the national living wage and tax credits – that family will be better of, not least because you’ve got the national living wage, and we are cutting tax so you can earn £11,000 before you start paying any tax at all.”
The year PRISM was established. The Post describes an “exponential growth” in the program since President Obama took office. The government has snooped on other forms of communication in recent years as well. On Thursday, Senator Dianne Feinstein confirmed that the NSA phone log database has been in place for at least seven years.
However, there are various nuances across the batting order. In general, the effectiveness of an ODI batsman is determined by factors such as how fast one can score his runs (strike rate), his ability to not get dismissed (not out %), and his propensity to score a big number of runs. Like the last time, here too, we will be examining the trends of these factors before moving on to take a look at the top batsmen who were proficient in the first ODI innings.
Overall, the lists have been dominated by batsmen who have batted in the top 5 positions. The presence of Kapil Dev, Boucher, Razzaq, Imran Khan, Oram, Flintoff and Symmonds in the top-20 show that it is easier for a lower-order batsman to make an impact while setting a target as compared to in a chase. Nevertheless, a small tweak to the index must be formulated to take care of the representation of the lower-order batmen.
In order to take care of this, a BI ratio cutoff of 1.40 can be applied across the board. The choice of the 1.40 BI ratio benchmark is specific, as it narrows the list of elite batsmen to at least 8 players. This ratio of 1.40 represents a 40% better performance, vis-à-vis an average batsman (1-7), while setting a target.
While individual predictions about a specific match can’t be made (and this is what makes the sport fun), take a moment to consider this: against the Aussies in their pomp (1 January 1998 to 31 December 2008), India had the best winning record against them while batting first; they only won five out of 27 matches batting second (fifth). After Tendulkar’s twin assaults in Desert Storm™ and Desert Storm Reloaded™, India hadn’t won a single match chasing against Australia until late 2007. No wonder the CB series victory against Australia in 2008 was a watershed moment.
Bobbitt, who was born in Ecuador and raised in Caracas, Venezuela, said she fell in love with Virginia when she first visited as a teenager. After graduating from high school, she moved to the U.S. and took classes at a community college. She thought perhaps she would become a dentist, like her father.
To support herself while in school, she took a job as a nanny. Later, she trained to be a manicurist and worked in a salon. As she describes it, her aspirations were simple: She wanted to marry and start a family.
The nature of the act Bobbitt committed ― cutting off a penis ― took over the discourse completely, said Jackson Katz, an activist who was working to engage men in preventing gender-based violence at the time.
Three times a week, Bobbitt takes a Zumba class. It’s a Latin-inspired cardio-dance workout, incorporating moves from hip hop, salsa, merengue, samba and mambo, and it’s her favorite form of exercise.
In the early 1980s, employers struck back. Following the lead of President Ronald Reagan, who fired striking air-traffic controllers, major companies began to routinely discharge workers who walked off the job. By the mid-’80s, strikes were in irreversible decline and companies were almost automatically firing workers who sought to form a union. A new doctrine, first propounded by economist Milton Friedman, took hold in boardrooms and executive suites. The purpose of a corporation, it held, was not to benefit all of its stakeholders — shareholders, employees and the public — but to benefit shareholders only. Boosting profits and the value of the company’s stock by laying off workers, holding down their pay, converting them to independent contractors or shifting their jobs overseas became so common a practice that any company not playing by these rules became the subject of journalistic profiles written in a tone of amazement (as the recent coverage of the Market Basket supermarket chain ­attests).
How ridiculously cool is that bench? How many tens of thousands of tourists are going to take their picture on that? How adorable are those socks?
That's exactly what Berhalter did when he publicly expressed why the Crew opted not to accept a loan for Toronto FC midfielder Matias Laba. That's exactly what Paulson took issue with on his Twitter account.
"What is very clear is this was an absolutely abominable event that took place in Houla, and at least a substantial part of it was summary executions of civilians, women and children," said Rupert Colville, spokesman for the U.N. High commissioner for Human Rights.
Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA
“It took us nearly an hour to free him. All of the group involved were very apologetic, but this was clearly a call-out which might have prevented us from helping someone else in genuine, accidental need.”
Simple isn’t easy. Easy means achieved without great effort. Simple means easily understood. I can bang out a complicated article in half the time it takes me to produce a simple one. I never had to learn how to build convoluted software either — it was a natural talent, you might say — but I did have to make a conscious effort to build stuff that didn’t hurt.
"Completely. I'm really not introverted - I'm just not acting all the time, which is what it would take to look like how people expect famous people to behave."
Coin mining is resource intensive, so running on a mobile device could drain a battery quickly. The developers of these apps are aware of this and built-in functionality for the mining to take place when the device is charging.
After first attacking Clinton for calling him a 'tool of Russian intelligence' and a 'nihilistic opportunist', Assange then took aim at the taypayer-funded broadcaster.
After first attacking Clinton for calling him a 'tool of Russian intelligence' and a 'nihilistic opportunist', Assange then took aim at the taypayer-funded broadcaster (pictured is Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour)
For the best of book takes of the UK and beyond
Officials told AFP the mass release, the largest of its kind, took them by surprise and said there had been no coordination with IS.
Started off with a 16″ x 10″ wood base and used cork board to build up the cliff sides. That was a bad idea since the layers are so thin and cork is not that easy to cut. I’ll definitely go with Styrofoam next time. Added a large sheet of cork to put on the base so i can lift the terrain part and run wires through the base. Forgot to take pics of the final cork cliff layout.
Used earth undercoat to paint the rest of the base. This took several layer to get the look I wanted.
This isn’t a simple 360 degree experience like other Fox VR projects such as Wild; it’s a full VR production that uses position-tracked controls. You take on the role of astronaut Mark Watney, played by Matt Damon in the movie, and experience key scenes like driving a rover across the surface of the red planet, and flying through space. While it’s not necessarily a VR movie, it might be closer to something like Batman: Arkham VR, as a shorter experiential piece in which you won’t have to worry about failure. It’s built in Epic Games’ Unreal Engine 4.
‘One of the key things we have to mention about this Cheetahs team is that Uzair Cassiem has been passing before taking contact and it’s so nice to see. He is a big, physical flank who takes the ball up a lot with pick and go's. But in the lead-up to the Cheetahs’ first try, he gets out to the wing and pops a lovely pass inside to Paul Schoeman before contact and allows them to get forward momentum. And Cassiem also threw that exquisite pass for one of Oupa Mohoje’s tries. I thought the Cheetahs were disrupted by Cassiem going off at half-time because of a knee injury.
‘The one positive they can take out of the game is the powerful ball carrying of the forwards that we saw against the Stormers. The two flankers, Tomás Lezana and Pablo Matera, were outstanding and the tight forwards carried well and ran good angles, like that brilliant run that set up Santiago Cordero’s second try. They really tested the Stormers defence in close. It was a much more physical affair for the Stormers.’
This is not to say that everyone immediately adjusts to working remotely. It takes a sense of adventure, patience with technology, and resourcefulness to succeed in an environment of your own making.
During the interview, Remy didn't hold back when she was talking about why she ethered Nicki not once, but twice. She admitted that she didn't care about the subliminal shots Nicki took of her on songs. It was actually the "behind the scenes things that you people will never know about." Remy said: "As far as trying to keep me off of red carpets, trying to make sure awards don't go to me or she's not going to be in attendance, trying to get people to make bad reports about my album sales-- just anything that I'm doing to make me look less and make her look better."
Cheyenne Mardi Gras Indians, 5/4, PAR, 4:10p: This Mardi Gras Indian tribe takes its name after one of the most famous tribes of the Great Plains.
Dale Watson and His Lone Stars, 5/4, FDD, 4:25p: Alabama-born Austin denizen Dale Watson carries a punk-rock energy into his take on Texas country swing, playing guitar behind original numbers formed by his maverick streak and grooving to his melodic long-time backing band, the Lone Stars.
Geno Delafose & French Rockin’ Boogie, 4/28, FDD, 6p: Originally the drummer in his late father John Delafose’s band, Geno took to accordion and became a popular bandleader specializing in country-styled zydeco, when not raising horses and cattle at his Double D Ranch outside Eunice, Louisiana.
The Meters, 5/7, GEN, 5:30p: The Jazz Fest Meters reunion took place in 2015. Remember the caricatures on the cover of the Jazz Fest Bible? Leo hated his. Formed in 1965 with Art Neville, George Porter Jr., Leo Nocentelli and Zigaboo Modeliste, this band developed the sound that we know today as funk. The Meters acted as the house band for Allen Toussaint’s New Orleans soul classics of the ’60s and are responsible for bringing New Orleans’ second line grooves into popular music.
Midnite Disturbers, 4/30, J&H, 4:30p: It took drummers Kevin O’Day and Stanton Moore to corral a dozen of New Orleans’ busiest players into one wild brass band. Ben Ellman, Kirk Joseph, Trombone Shorty, Big Sam, Matt Perrine, Skerik and Mark Mullins should all be familiar names to Fest-goers.
New Orleans Klezmer Allstars 25th Anniversary with special guests Henry Butler, Frank London and more, 5/7, FDD, 6p: Innovators of a funked-up localized take on traditional Jewish music, this band’s past and present members include scions of the city’s jazz and funk scenes. They’ll celebrate their anniversary with prestigious guests.
Original Four SA&PC, 5/5, PAR, 4:15: Founded in 1986, this social aid and pleasure club takes a unique and long route on its annual parade, marching from downtown all the way uptown through Central City.
The head of one of America’s largest teachers unions said Wednesday that Donald Trump is creating “bullying environments” in schools nationwide that will take decades to repair.
“What we’ve seen with Donald Trump is that there is now a new phenomenon in schools called the ‘Trump Effect,'” Weingarten said. “It will take decades to overcome the way Donald Trump speaks and promotes violence, xenophobia and racism. This is creating bullying environments in schools across the country.” (RELATED: Clinton Spins Bullying Question To Bash Trump)
Yet the extremists of the Middle East today, both Sunni and Shia, are employing history differently, in a way that is not only reactive and descriptive, but rather prescriptive. They use it in a way that is both specific and strategic to instruct policy. That history is “readily intelligible to both educated and uneducated Muslims,” as Bernard Lewis, the British-American historian who boasts the distinction of being the first to articulate the challenge of radical Islamism for the West, put it in his book The Crisis of Islam (2003). “It offers a set of themes, slogans, and symbols that are profoundly familiar and therefore effective in mobilizing support and in formulating both a critique of what is wrong and a program for putting it right,” he adds. Remembering the past is not a tool of mere inspiration or for marking enemies when utilized by the extremists, the past is their blueprint for resetting history back to a time they could take pride in.
The movie, although controversial, was eminently influential in how dramatized history reached great numbers of Muslims in countries such as Iraq and Syria. The jihadists don’t seem to have any qualms of using that imagery to their advantage, despite the nitpicking of their ideological cousins. In fact, they seem to borrow heavily from it. Take the flag of the Islamic State, for example. It is so omnipresent now that even the 2016 Eurovision Contest had to make it officially clear that it is banned along with such as flags as those of the Basques Country and Northern Cyprus. The jihadists claim that this is the banner of Muhammad, under which the conquering armies of Islam brought the high and mighty empires of their day to their knees. It certainly looks authentic, with its archaic font and old-timey seal. It looks as if it would be something that the art department of The Message would have come up with as background ‘color’. Consider the jihadist victory parade into Mosul. Their convoys of trucks and tanks were preceded by a number of warriors on horseback. Their dress, and their manner of riding, evokes scenes from the aforementioned movie, as Muhammad returned to Mecca, a conqueror. Or let us take that sole televised speech of the current caliph, Abu Bakr, on the occasion of proclamation of the caliphate. There is something about the way he slowly ascends the pulpit in the main mosque of Mosul, how he turns to face the worshippers, how he speaks, what he is wearing (save for the watch), his stern yet contemplative mannerisms—it all seems very familiar. It seem so because modern media in the Middle East, whether through movies or television series, have depicted early Islam as such. Clearly, the jihadists have latched on to a pre-existing stage-set to amplify their messaging.
What if there is a way by which we do not have to take the Charter of Medina at face value? There is no original, extant copy of the Charter of Medina under a glass display case in a well-guarded museum somewhere. We cannot even be sure if it was a written document at Muhammad’s time, or whether it was a verbal agreement as was the custom then. What we think we know about the Charter was jotted down, ink on parchment, 150 to 200 years after the event. That is the period when comprehensive chronicles of early Islam were written down, relying for the most part on oral transmission. One of those chroniclers, laboring six generations after the first community of Muslims had passed, may have seen an earlier, written charter somewhere, but again, we cannot know for sure. Our hearts should go out to that chronicler: difficult as it is to recall what one did last Tuesday, it is surely a heavy burden to recall the events on a Tuesday two hundred years ago. But that is precisely why the history of early Islam is enveloped in the fog of doubt. One need not worry though, because for the last two hundred years, Western scholars (whose discipline was dubbed ‘Orientalism’) took on the task of studying how that history was chronicled. They worked laboriously, with difficult languages, to figure out all the analytical angles. They have engaged in furious debates and disagreements, as scholars do, and they have made their respective cases in thousands of books, papers and symposia. Their work continues, with fascinating and insightful research coming out in print in recent years. At points, they were enjoined by Middle Eastern scholars who used those same methodologies that had been developed in the academies of the West—historiography, critical literary analysis, philology, archeology, exegesis, codicology, etc.—to delve into the fog. But such native efforts were sporadic, hesitant and ultimately minimalist compared to the corpus of work being done by German, Italian, British, Dutch, French, Russian, American, and the odd Czech and Hungarian Orientalists—and for good reason. The academies of the Middle East, as well as the general public discourse on history, were generally not amenable to raising doubt. Some of the most risqué works, written in Arabic, had to be published posthumously. Some authors were forced into exile or imprisonment. Some other authors were killed. Their counterparts in the West, on the other hand, could work freely, for the most part.
In his book Islamic History: A Framework for Inquiry (1991), University of California, Santa Barbara professor R. Stephen Humphreys presents a case study in which he marshals the arguments made by various Orientalists over the course of a century regarding the Charter of Medina. Some took it to be authentic, making a rational case for why they would think so. Others argued that it could not have been a unitary document or agreement, suggesting that it was amalgamated into one from a variety of separate agreements. Still others dwelt on the wording, and some of the terms used, and they could not reconcile this document to what they would deem to be plausible wording and terminology during seventh century Central Arabia. After a century’s worth of study, what scholars are left with is intellectual angst: “We will never know for certain.” That is the expected lament of historians that have to deal with events that far back without any extant or contemporary evidence; they have to resign themselves to living with doubt. Now, consider the angst of the historian versus the certitude of the Islamic extremist when revisiting history. Surely that fog of doubt should have a place in the conversation when history is used so deliberately and, at times, horrifically to justify extremism.
Orientalism carries a stigma among left-leaning Western academies, where it is widely believed to have served Western imperialism. Orientalism is rejected by like-minded leftists in the Middle East for the same reasons. Columbia University’s Palestinian-American literary critic Edward Said, the late author of the supremely influential book Orientalism (1978)—which almost single handedly managed to turn its title word into an academic pejorative—boasts the distinction of being the sole intellectual luminary from around the world to have two portraits, not one, hanging on the walls of the Writers’ Café in old Basra, where crusty old Marxists gather for tea and conversation. Conservative and religiously-minded Muslims, on the other hand, believe that the field of Orientalism is part of a Western effort to undermine their faith. One can find 200 Arabic books on the internet available for full download that attack the Orientalists. Many are parked on websites amply funded by conservative Arab regimes. Yet even so, the scholarly methodology of applying critical analysis to the historical record is ‘agenda neutral’, and it is desperately needed in light of the extremist use of this record. Two hundred years’ worth of scholastic legacy is parked on bookshelves in Western libraries. Little of it is available online. Much less of it has been translated into the languages spoken in the Middle East. If the internet is supposed to be the great equalizer of content, then why is there such a disparity when it comes to a sober and systematic conversation about early Islam? Why is this the case at a time when many young Muslims are watching what extremism has wrought and asking themselves “is this really our religion”? The extremist affirmation that it is indeed “our history, refer to page X, paragraph Y in such and such book” goes unchallenged. Many of those young Muslims have not been trained to take on the task of revisiting the historical record themselves. There is no funding from the local powers-that-be for it. However, they need not start from scratch. Parts of the Orientalist methodology and its output can be made available for them, online and in their languages, and should. Whichever way the subsequent conversation goes is left to them. But a conversation needs to begin somewhere, and on solid scholastic ground. Should it be somewhat controversial may actually be helpful. That controversy could provide the drama that matches the theatrics of the extremists.
<blockquote>”I had promised Bernie when I took the helm of the Democratic National Committee after the convention that I would get to the bottom of whether Hillary Clinton’s team had rigged the nomination process, as a cache of emails stolen by Russian hackers and posted online had suggested. I’d had my suspicions from the moment I walked in the door of the DNC a month or so earlier, based on the leaked emails. But who knew if some of them might have been forged? I needed to have solid proof, and so did Bernie.”</blockquote>
I have to stop for a second and clean up the coffee I just spit out while reading the words of Donna Brazile here, who somehow writes that in her mind she took the moral high ground in order to defend impartiality and fairness.
Going further into explaining how Hillary Clinton was able to take over complete control of what should have been an impartial and unbiased DNC; Donna Brazile wrote:
It's sort of the <i>“golem”</i> of the international Communists, those groups, which assist in controlling their hand picked puppets by applying pressures in order to ensure they can pull the strings once their candidate(s) take office.
Again most people knew this, including Democrats who have long since claimed that the DNC cheated for Hillary; but if they're to take this unscrupulous truth at face value from Brazile, they now have even more proof.
<blockquote>“No! That can’t be true!” I said. “The party cannot take out a loan without the unanimous agreement of all of the officers.””</blockquote>
The billionaire puppet masters will take say, a million people, who each have a maximum of $2,700 they can contribute.
It's not a coincidence that President Donald Trump who literally self financed and took small amounts from Trump Supporters didn't have but a fraction of the money available for Hillary Clinton.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here. More details on the poll's methodology are available here.
Les Halles breadJust before placing the baguettes in the oven, a baker makes small slits in the dough.And yet there are still some things that must be done by hand, such as shaping the dough into long batons of brioche for the sandwiches, as several cast members were doing when I snuck a peek inside the facility recently. I wasn’t allowed to take any photos in the “backstage” kitchen, but I can tell you I was impressed with the extent -- and expense -- that has been taken to produce as authentic a product as possible.
It shows in the items that I tasted, none better than the simple baguette I took home with me and enjoyed with some cheese. The outside was hard and crusty and the inside was fresh and fluffy.
“I would douse my body in it,” said Charlene. “That’s how you stay young,” said Daniella. “It takes you back to the Roman Empire,” said Keisha.
The day I attended, about 100 parishioners, among them many parents with small children, were gathered for a subdued, half-hour Mass without a homily. An additional group of about 30 young, red sweater-clad children, from the Catholic Montessori school on the grounds, were ushered in by teachers and a nun. Most of the parishioners who were there, many explained to me after, can be seen at Mass every day. The new Mass translation implemented at the end of last November, which most Catholics are still getting acclimated to, was already second-nature to them. After the Mass I attended, many lingered for an Exposition of the Blessed Sacrament, a ceremony in which devout parishioners kneel before the Eucharist and continuously recite a short prayer, a devotion that takes place several times a week at St. Catherine. Mary Ellen Konieczny, an assistant professor of sociology at Notre Dame who has produced comparative studies of liberal and conservative Catholic parishes, said that while Eucharistic adoration is resurging among many Catholic parishes, St. Catherine’s frequent, well-attended ceremonies, and its Latin Masses, are indications that it has a more conservative membership.
In the section entitled "The Doctor’s Opinion", written by addiction specialist Dr. William Silkworth in the late 1930s, one sees alcoholism described as the operation of a type of allergy to alcohol within the body of the alcoholic. Dr. Silkworth notes that the alcoholic experiences a "phenomenon of craving" that is triggered when he takes a drink. In addition to this physical craving, he experiences a mental obsession with drinking that defies reason or willpower. He seeks after a sense of "ease and comfort" that becomes ever more elusive over time, even in the face of a relentless and fatal progression. If he is fortunate, the alcoholic will come to discover that: a) once he takes the first drink, he is unable to stop, and b) that he has no effective mental defense against the first drink. So why does he do this? The best way to explain is for me to recount my own experience of drinking and recovery.
A few weeks ago, the March of Dimes supporters came out in droves for a networked memorial service for a toddler named Maddie. The community raised tens of thousands of dollars for the March of Dimes in Maddie's memory as well as covering the funeral costs for the family. The organization did little to stage this event. The March of Dimes has embraced openness and inspired their stakeholders to feel empowered enough to take action on their own.
Social software design is also helping accelerate this trend. Look no further than the Facebook Causes Birthday application that encourages an individual who is a member of a Cause to use their birthday as an excuse to raise money for a non-profit organization. DonorsChoose recently launched a similar feature called “Birthday Give Back," with Stephen Colbert leading the charge. And keep an eye out for more social apps with a conscience that will offer even more creative ways for supporters to self-organize and take action around causes.
On the product side, we dive deep into how to kill features and why this is important for any aspiring creator of a great product. (Spoiler alert: those embrace simplicity.) We also talk about the “cigarettes” of the B2C web industry, and what it takes to get ‘lean startup’ as a concept going in an enterprise.
Pre-draft visits for NFL draft prospects don't tend to vary too much. They buzz into town for a day or less, meet with coaches and team officials, maybe take a quiz on a playbook, meet a few potential future teammates, and head back to the airport.
“I’m for compassionate care but am also concerned about the over saturation of them,” Tate said. “These buildings, they have now just started popping up everywhere and because the state law is not clear on if they’re allowed or not, we take these businesses to court and they just get tied up and they just stay there. We have not won not one case, nothing has been shut down and that’s the reason why. Most of these businesses don’t have a permit, they have no licensing.”
Current Oklahoma City Thunder fans? The city of Seattle, and former SuperSonic fans, did absolutely nothing to deserve this. In the midst of what could be a championship season, diverting attention from the franchise's ultimate goal to take a needless shot at a city and fan base that is clearly still hurting is the ultimate prick move, and we heartily encourage any mindful Thunder fans to take Twitter pictures and send them our way during Monday's Game 5; so that we can band together to shame however many morons that decide to sport these shirts.
A few hours later, the company seemed to take a more conciliatory tone: "So much hate in the world. No disrespect meant. We appreciate where our team came from actually. Put your energy into something positive." And later: "We r (sic) saying thank you for such a great organization. We truly appreciate and respect the city of sea (sic)." Finally, the company said it was dropping the shirt from its website: "After receiving death threats we have decided to take the shirt down offline. Sorry if we offended you Seattle."
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
That's one thing we've seen since we've been in Austin, because we have an open kitchen. Just go out and eat and enjoy yourself! Some people are just going out to dinner and taking pictures of it just to post on Facebook? Come on! Just have fun with it! You wouldn't go into your dentist's office and do that! We get that all the time, people like 'Hey, I would do this if I were you!' You know what? I'm going to show up to your work early, complain that you didn't take me into your office early, and then tell you that I think your office should be rearranged.
You lose your job in New York, it takes a little while to get a new job. You're screwed. Especially in restaurants. Okay, you lose a job in the middle of the month, you're not going to get a job till the next month. It's going to take a week or two, you're not going to be getting that paycheck, you're going to get evicted. So you know that paycheck is so important and I was always the first one in the kitchen.
It can take a long time to attain statistically significant results for experiments. We want to know with high confidence that one version of the site is better than another. Depending on user traffic it can take days, or even weeks, to run a single iteration. These experiments are also expensive; by showing a suboptimal version of your site, you are sacrificing potential revenue. There is also an opportunity cost associated with creating, developing, and running any particular experiment. So the fewer experiment iterations to get to the optimum, the better.
Could Rams take DE Jadeveon Clowney at No. 2 overall? Fisher: "I've learned over the years that you never have enough pass rushers." — Jim Thomas (@jthom1) March 26, 2014
Kenny Britt’s deal with the #Rams is worth $1.4M base, but incentives could take it to $2.9M, source says. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) March 31, 2014
As expected, Jeff Fisher is giving very little away with respect to the direction the Rams will take in the draft. The Rams could go down many different paths on draft day, and likely have a surprise or two in store.
A lot of time is spent studying prospects we would like to see join the Rams. Conversely, we rarely take in-depth looks at players we DON'T want on our team. Some names on the list may surprise you.
Rams take a flyer on former Florida State star: St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Pat Kirwan takes an in-depth look at defensive line prospects in the 2014 NFL Draft. A very detailed explanation of the various positions across the line.
But the margin expansion and cost savings played out in spades: from that $1 billion in extra annual revenue sprang added gross profits, added operating profits, and added net income of $ 4 billion each, give or take (mostly give). : from that $1 billion in extra annual revenue sprang added gross profits, added operating profits, and added net income of $ 4 billion each, give or take (mostly give).
So adept has IBM been at matching the cost of downsizing its operations with gains on sales of bits of those operations that it was apparently hoping to generate a big enough gain from the sale of its server business to offset the $1 billion “workforce rebalancing charge” it took in 2013 (these charges are one of the bigger growth items in IBM’s P&L)—but Lenovo appeared to play hardball and the sale didn’t happen in 2013. Meanwhile, a different, smaller sale (at a reported measly 5-times EBITA), of a service business to Synnex, didn’t close in time to help the 2013 EPS. So adept has IBM been at matching the cost of downsizing its operations with gains on sales of bits of those operations that it was apparently hoping to generate a big enough gain from the sale of its server business to offset the $1 billion “workforce rebalancing charge” it took in 2013 (these charges are one of the bigger growth items in IBM’s P&L)—but Lenovo appeared to play hardball and the sale didn’t happen in 2013. Meanwhile, a different, smaller sale (at a reported measly 5-times EBITA), of a service business to Synnex, didn’t close in time to help the 2013 EPS.
It was. Now I keep my passport in a safe. I can only take it out when I am about to get on an airplane [laughs].
What the 16 Hindus want is compensation for a trip to the Hindu holy town of Haridwar, India, where the Ganges begins its downward flow to the ocean. There, they want to take dips in the river and, by Hindu belief, cleanse their souls of sin.
Indian-Americans have much to be grateful for in America, he said, and the lawsuit takes advantage of a U.S. judicial system that has afforded them individual protections.
In an article titled “7 Lazy Girl Beauty Hacks,” the author points out that toilet-seat covers can be used to blot oil from one’s face, if one takes the time to trim them into “small squares.” In another Lazy Girl’s guide to better skin, the very first tip is to apply SkinCeuticals Phloretin CF, a serum that costs well over $100 per bottle. This one, on “holiday beauty hacks,” holds it together for three list items before suggesting in the fourth that you simply apply eyeliner not once, but twice, in the same perfect straight line. This one tells you that you can pull off pajamas as formalwear if you can simply have the taste and fashion sense of an impeccable stylist. (There is also the occasional attempt at Lazy Girl identity content, which would seem to get the meme’s appeal backward by correctly identifying and listing a bunch of actual lazy behaviors.)
Lazy Girl speaks to how we’d all like to put forward less effort. But at the same time, to the extent that these articles continue to exist, we will always believe it takes a large amount of effort to be acceptable. The tacit promise of the Lazy Girl is that it’ll be easy to add yet another self-improvement habit to your routine, normalizing the endless list of obligations while implying they should take no effort or time at all. To be a lazier woman is a worthy aspiration: Actual Lazy Girls are heroes. The Lazy Girl meme represents, if anything, the opposite .
There are many forms of competition using a fixed gear bike, most of the competitions being track races. Formal track races most often take place in a velodrome, a circular track that is constructed of concrete or wood and can be indoor or outdoor. Race types such as common scratch races or more complex omnium races take place in these arenas.
Moreover, bike messengers and other urban riders may ride fixed gear bicycles in alleycat races, which are normally held in city streets, including New York City's famous fixed-gear-only race Monstertrack alleycat. Similarly, Wolfpack Hustle began in 2005 simply as ride bringing together fast paced bicycle riders with the common love for riding and has expanded to an internationally known race series that takes place in Los Angeles, California.[61] The group has managed to receive sponsorships from several well-known companies including Castelli, which is an over-130-year-old Italian cycling clothing brand, helping spread interest and knowledge about the group and the races they hold.[62] In San Francisco, California, Red Bull holds Red Bull Ride + Style events, which bring together both track and freestyle fixed-gear riders from around the world for competitions.[63]
Swiss media say that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who took over in December 2011 after the death of his father Kim Jong-il, apparently spent several years in Switzerland being educated under a pseudonym.
.- The lawyers of the bakery owner who made headlines for declining to make a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding is “evaluating all legal options” to preserve the man’s First Amendment rights after the state’s highest court declined to take the case.
“We asked the Colorado Supreme Court to take this case to ensure that government understands that its duty is to protect the people’s freedom to follow their beliefs personally and professionally, not force them to violate those beliefs as the price of earning a living,” Alliance Defending Freedom Senior Counsel Jeremy Tedesco said in an April 25 statement.
The victim was beaten inside his home, police said. The suspects stole his wallet and phone and took off in two separate vehicles.
OGE director Shaub argued that federal law requires that ethics reports be completed before any hearings take place.
Typically during the confirmation process, the ethics office writes reports outlining any possible ethics issues and steps the nominee agrees to take to resolve them.
BANGALORE: Foreign agents are out to lure poor Muslims to join the insurgents in Iraq, the Intelligence Bureau has alerted Karnataka. The agents, many disguised as students, are looking for men to take on the government in Iraq to establish an Islamic Caliphate. Fighting under the banner of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the insurgent group is offering huge salaries, according to a source.
Mayor Ron White has said Browser got caught in the political crossfire after a city employee wasn't allowed to take a puppy to work at City Hall.
But whereas my grandmother would have been at sea if returned to her girlhood home, I would miss relatively little if suddenly placed in the home I grew up in. It takes longer and is less comfortable to fly from Boston to Washington or London than it was 40 years ago. There are more highways now but much more traffic congestion as well. Life expectancy has continued to increase, though at about half the pace it did during my grandmother’s day. But the most important transformation—child death being an extraordinary event—had already happened by the time I was born.
Economic historians like Paul David have long noted that it took surprisingly long for the benefits of electricity to show up in the economic statistics. Creative destruction takes time. Think about a canonical major innovation like the supermarket. Initially when it is first introduced all the other shops remain in business with reduced volumes. Measured productivity—defined as total sales per retail worker—go down as employment in retailing rises and total sales remain roughly constant. Only with the passage of time and the closing of traditional shops will measured retail productivity increase. If this story is playing out in many different sectors on different rhythms, overall productivity growth could be relatively slow even as there is substantial job losses in sectors further along in the adjustment process.
Can you imagine Wade trying to topple James for supremacy in his present condition? Wade might not move exactly the way he did, but that move he made three years ago is still serving him. Makes you wonder if he’ll be the one choosing to take the biggest discount again to keep this together beyond the current contracts.
REYHANLI, Turkey — A court in the Turkish border town Reyhanli has begun hearing the first case of oil smuggling from Syria, which has brought Turkey under intense international pressure. Al-Monitor was provided full access to the indictment and the transcript of the first open public hearing, which took place Sept. 15. As the judge has not yet decided the case, Al-Monitor was strictly advised to only report on the generic themes of what the prosecutor detailed with extreme precision and unquestionable evidence.
The case lays out how a small village with fewer than 2,000 inhabitants on the border with Syria — called the Besaslan village attached to Reyhanli — transformed itself into a sort of cooperative where everyone mutually agreed to take part in illegal oil smuggling. The families who don’t want to actively participate are given hush money — 1,500 Turkish lira weekly ($663), which comes to a considerable amount in monthly terms (6,000 Turkish lira, or $2,650). It is a skillfully organized network where even family ties are overridden by the alleged chief of the network, referred to as A.B. The indictment also lays out how border patrols take part, exploiting their privileged status to benefit from the smuggling.
Friday’s panel, according to the published names, indicate it will include two Latino women, three white men and a Latino moderator. Yet the panel is not without an issue in optics; the room where the discussion will take place is called the “Burwell Plantation” room at the Kingsmill Resort. In fact, the room is named after the Burwell Family, a wealthy family that owned many slaves in 18th century Southern Virginia. Records pertaining to the families owning of slaves is well-documented by the city of Williamsburg on their website. Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore., who heads Republicans’ campaign efforts, deflected a question regarding the irony of a panel trying to help the GOP woo minorities happening in a room named after a slave-owning family’s plantation. “I don’t pick the rooms we meet in,” Walden said. “I know the Democrats have held their retreats here too and I assume you’ll go and figure out if they ever held meetings in that same room.”
I was then anesthetized and placed into ICU. I don’t remember much of the next few days, until I woke to my family and loved ones around me. The emergency room ENT who had placed my trach had told them there was nothing that could be done. I was terminal and the best they could do was take me home and make me comfortable until the end.
I’ll stop here, because most of the rest is well known. Those people raised in excess of $50,000 for my medical needs. But here’s the part that took all the wind out of my sails, so to speak. The donation amount stayed stagnant at twelve grand for a couple of weeks. Do you want to know where the spike in donations came from? The spike that took that figure up tand over the 50K goal?
It will take months for scientists to fully understand how and why Zika might cause birth defects and to figure out why it had not been noticed before.
The Glazov Gang will not take this lying down. Please spread the message that GoFundMe has surrendered to leftist fascism and kindly write to the organization to request that The Glazov Gang get its campaign back:
Canonical now has an opportunity to make a real impact with a product that is radically different from everything else. If you take all of these features together, the convergence, the fact that it's open source, the unique design, and the huge community behind Ubuntu, you will find that there is nothing like it in the entire industry.
The power-sharing Northern Ireland government will take on police and justice powers on April 12 with the help of a British Government grant of £800 million ($1.25 billion). The communities will cooperate on the handling of contentious Orange Order parades through Catholic areas.
‘I wanted to write these papers in three parts. I had written most of the first part before they took away our laptops that contain the evidence, at the end of 2009. I will later work on to complete the remaining two parts after the government returns our computers soon,’ he wrote.
On Sunday, in Anaheim, Calif., Rousey takes on Liz Carmouche in the first UFC women's fight ever.
A novelist, poet and playwright who writes equally well in Shona and English, Charles Mungoshi is Zimbabwe’s finest and most versatile writer. His life project has been to interrogate the notion of family. In this groundbreaking novel, he uses multiple voices to unfold, in a stream of consciousness, the unease caused by the return from England of the arrogant Eric Chimbimu. His poor judgment and unthinking actions ensnare him in a love triangle with his half-brother, the weak-willed Paul, and Paul’s beautiful and ambitious wife Lorna. The tensions between the three bring to boiling point the resentments that have been simmering for two generations in their polygamous family. This very modern novel takes an old language in new and unexpected directions.
This warm and funny memoir is a love letter to a country in the grip of madness. Lyn and Ros Rogers are the owners of Drifters, a farm they bought after Zimbabwe’s independence in 1980. Their son Douglas tells the story of how they and their motley staff seek to coexist with the Comrades who try to take over their farm while the economy crashes and spins out of control around them. This book gives the reader an understanding of why there will never be an Arab spring in Zimbabwe – we Zimbos are resilient to the nth degree. We don’t revolt, we “make a plan”. In my favourite passage in the book, a most unlikely character turns out to be the biggest pothead on Zimbabwean soil since Bob Marley and the Wailers played the independence concert. Magic.
"The policy’s not final until he signs it ," Green said, adding that Dunford could still send it back and tell them to take another stab at it.
"Once that policy goes out, that MARADMIN, [the commandant ] expects every Marine to take a full 30-inch step and follow the policy," Green said. "That’s the end state."
Gun rights advocates are willing to take these risks because colleges are where the next generation of America’s leaders will be produced. What better place to affect people’s attitudes about guns than the very institutions responsible for teaching our most cherished values and ideals?
He promised an explanation after prayer and talks with friends. But Camping had a stroke less than a month later and was hospitalized until September. Once he was released, Camping said both the rapture and the end of the world would take place Oct. 21.
After three years as Cincinnati Bengals offensive coordinator grooming quarterback Andy Dalton, Jay is tasked with helping Robert Griffin III take the next step as a polished pocket passer.
"It's going to take time. He's implementing a new offense, changing to a degree the style of Robert. He's had tremendous success. And we all know what a tremendous athlete and a great kid (Griffin) is.
On Friday about 5 p.m., members of the sheriff's Central Warrant Unit took El Ammouri into custody at O'Hare after he arrived from Jordan, where he resides, the sheriff's office said. He was traveling to the U.S. to attend a graduation, but the sheriff's office did not release additional details.
“Hamas, to my great regret, is Israel’s creation,” says Mr. Cohen, a Tunisian-born Jew who worked in Gaza for more than two decades. Responsible for religious affairs in the region until 1994, Mr. Cohen watched the Islamist movement take shape, muscle aside secular Palestinian rivals and then morph into what is today Hamas, a militant group that is sworn to Israel’s destruction. Instead of trying to curb Gaza’s Islamists from the outset, says Mr. Cohen, Israel for years tolerated and, in some cases, encouraged them as a counterweight to the secular nationalists of the Palestine Liberation Organization and its dominant faction, Yasser Arafat’s Fatah. Israel cooperated with a crippled, half-blind cleric named Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, even as he was laying the foundations for what would become Hamas. Sheikh Yassin continues to inspire militants today; during the recent war in Gaza, Hamas fighters confronted Israeli troops with “Yassins,” primitive rocket-propelled grenades named in honor of the cleric.
The report itself conspires to use covert provocations to trigger a war with Iran, to undermine it politically through foreign-sponsored “protests” augmented by covert armed groups, the direct funding, arming, and use of listed terrorist organizations against the Iranian people, and specifically the use of Israel to attack Iran with covert Western backing to make it appear as if Tel Aviv took the steps unilaterally. It specifically states:
“An Israeli air campaign against Iran would have a number of very important differences from an American campaign. First, the Israeli Air Force (IAF) has the problem of overflight transit from Israel to Iran. Israel has no aircraft carriers, so its planes must take off from Israeli air bases. It also does not possess long-range bombers like the B-1 or B-2, or huge fleets of refueling tankers, all of which means that unlike the United States, Israel cannot avoid flying through someone’s air space. The most direct route from Israel to Iran’s Natanz facility is roughly 1,750 kilometers across Jordan and Iraq. As the occupying power in Iraq, the United States is responsible for defending Iraqi airspace. “Which Path to Persia?-page 105 (.pdf) “From the American perspective, this negates the whole point of the option—distancing the United States from culpability—and it could jeopardize American efforts in Iraq, thus making it a possible nonstarter for Washington. Finally, Israeli violation of Jordanian airspace would likely create political problems for King Abdullah of Jordan, one of America’s (and Israel’s) closest Arab friends in the region. Thus it is exceedingly unlikely that the United States would allow Israel to overfly Iraq, and because of the problems it would create for Washington and Amman, it is unlikely that Israel would try to fly over Jordan.” Which Path to Perisa?-page 106 (.pdf)
Matthias Mueller, who took the helm last month after Europe’s biggest automaker admitted to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests, said the German company needed to give more power to its brands and regional operations while working to get to the bottom of the biggest business scandal in its history.
“We will significantly streamline structures, processes and (decision-making) bodies. We must become leaner and take decisions more rapidly,” Mueller said of his recovery plan.
The end of the year is fast approaching, but the fun doesn’t have to end after the ball drops in Times Square. When you’re ready to kick off your travel plans for 2018 and take a weekend getaway, check out our trending destinations for travel inspiration, and our new features to feel confident you’re getting a good deal.
If you struggling to remember something, the best thing to do is to just take a quick, 45-minute nap. Power naps positively influence memory recall, according to a new study by Saarland University in Germany.
Apparel products usually only takes 4-7 business
It’s pretty tight. Sometimes — such as in the 2012 race — there’s an overwhelming front-runner. Not this time. “Boyhood” took home top honors at a lot of the reasonably predictive awards — Golden Globes (drama), BAFTAs, several critics groups — but “Birdman” took home the gold when it really counted, at the Directors Guild, Producers Guild, and Screen Actors Guild award shows. As a result, “Birdman” is the slight favorite to win, mostly based on the historical predictive rate of the guild award shows.
This is the last category in which it’s even close to a fight. Redmayne has been scooping up awards left and right for his portrayal of Stephen Hawking. Redmayne took home the heavily predictive BAFTA, Screen Actors Guild, and Golden Globe (drama) awards for best actor. And while Michael Keaton has done well among critics, Redmayne appears to have a substantial lead.
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
History also shows it pays off to take a quarterback high in the draft, as 12 of the last 16 Super Bowl-winning quarterbacks were drafted within the first 60 picks (including Steve Young in the 1984 supplemental draft).
NB’s duo lane went top to make 2v1 lanes at game start, Pony took starfall first to almost immediately push the wave into the turret. H0R0 roamed top immediately after taking double buffs and secured first blood on asd. Both junglers moved to support top lane, resulting in SKTS taking bottom turret shortly before NB could reply with top turret. SKTS then roamed into NB’s blue jungle and stole the buff followed by the first dragon. SKTS then roamed into NB’s Red jungle, killing Longpanda and taking that buff as well. Both teams moved to dragon as it respawned.
SKTS took the dragon then engaged, taking a 5/0 teamfight followed by the 1st and 2nd mid turrets. NB immediately rushed mid to attempt to reply with SKTS mid turret. SKTS engaged and took a 3/0 teamfight followed by NB’s mid inhibitor, trading for their bottom turret to Elf’s split push. SKTS then roamed top, took 2 more unanswered kills and the 2nd top turret. Then bottom another kill and the 2nd bottom turret. NB attempted an engagement as SKTS sieged bottom but SKTS took 4 more kills and closed out the game.
The teams started standard lanes. H0R0 ganked top just before 6 minutes but minjae and Elf followed up, ending in a 2/1 fight for NB. BANG and Wolf dove asd and pony, forcing them out of lane, allowing H0R0 and Wolf to take dragon while bottom lane was empty. Just before dragon respawned, both junglers ganked bottom, resulting in a 3/1 fight, bottom turret, and a second dragon for SKTS. Your members of NB grouped up mid, potentially to gank, but left when Easyhoon backed off, allowing Easyhoon to take mid turret for free.
SKTS ganked bottom just before 20 minutes, trading 2nd bottom turret for their top turret after a 1/1 fight. NB moved to mid turret to kill Wolf then pushed into their red jungle and were ambushed by SKTS. SKTS came out of the fight 4/0 then took their third dragon while MaRin destroyed top turret. Both teams moved to mid lane, SKTS killed pony in a pick and both teams engaged, resulting in a total 4/3 teamfight for SKTS. Both teams returned mid, SKTS got a pick on asd then took 2nd mid turret. SKTS moved toward Baron to set up a pick.
MaRin baited an engagement that resulted in a 1/0 teamfight for SKTS after which they took baron and began to split push all three lanes. Easyhoon quickly took 2nd top turret then SKTS began a prolonged siege, bring NB’s mid and bottom inhibitor turrets low before baron buff expired. After backing to buy, SKTS split push mid and bottom lanes. After scoring a kill on pony, SKTS took both turrets and mid inhibitor before NB engaged. SKTS came out of the fight 4/1 and took the Nexus.
Teams began with 2v1 lane, Swords duo going top. At 6 minutes KaKAO moved to the tribush behind Expession’s turret and placed a ward for InSec to teleport in. Expession read the dive and backed off just in time. Bullets traded their top turret for the first dragon. Sword switched their duo lanes bottom to allow Expession to farm the empty lane. When dragon respawned, Bullets ran interference while KaKAO soloed it. Bullets then pushed Sword out of their blue jungle and took bottom turret.
inSec was caught invading Sword’s red jungle but escaped into mid lane and finished off a kill on Peng. Bullets then returned mid to siege and took mid turret. Sword attempted to take the next dragon but Bullets catch and kill Expession then take their third dragon of the game. Bullets begin moving around Baron to deny vision, ultimately taking top turret while Sword piles in to take their mid turret. Bullets traveled to bottom lane to siege the 2nd turret.
After an engage by Sword resulting in no deaths, Sword was forced to back while Bullets took the turret. KaKAO then secured Bullet’s fourth dragon. InSec started farming bottom lane, baiting out 3 members of Sword to attempt a gank while his team began Baron. After avoiding all of Sword's abilities, InSec teleported to Baron to take the objective. Bullets used the buff to rapidly secure the 2nd mid and top turrets. Sword attempted to engage mid lane ending in a perfect 5/0 teamfight for Bullets. Bullets capitalized on the fight and pushed mid all the way to the Nexus.
Sword late invaded Bullets blue buff at level 1 resulting in a stand off. Mafa attempted an engage which ultimately resulted in PraY getting first blood. With the number advantage, Watch stole Bullets blue and secured a large cs lead for both Sword’s solo lanes. Bullets duo lane moved top while Sword stayed bottom, resulting in 2v1 lanes. Sword took bottom turret then rotated to take the first dragon while Bullets took top turret and stole Sword’s blue. Sword repeatedly ganked Ryu mid, either killing him or pushing him out of lane to put him further behind after his deficit from level 1.
Sword eventually took mid turret off of the pressure then rotated top to kill InSec. Sword took their second dragon when it respawned with no contest from Bullets. An engagement by Bullets in bottom lane leads to an extended 2/2 teamfight. Sword picked up 2 more kills before both teams moved toward the next dragon. Bullets contested, killed Expession, and took the third dragon. Sword made repeated successful picks on KaKAO which they attempt to convert into Baron.
The first attempt resulted in Bullets rushing mid turret and taking it out from under Sword, although Sword was able to secure the fourth dragon. The second attempt resulted in a 3/3 teamfight. After both teams respawned, Bullets rushed Baron and secured it for themselves then engaged on Sword but losing the resulting teamfight. Bullets returned and took dragon then rotated to also secure bottom turret. Sword attempted to siege mid turret but KaKAO initiated on Peng for a 3/0 teamfight for Bullets who pushed all the way in to take Sword’s mid inhibitor.
Both teams returned mid and Sword attempted another engagement. Bullets won the teamfight 4/0 then pushed in and took the Nexus.
Frost invaded Falcon’s blue, resulting in the teams trading blue buffs and 2v1 lane matchups with Frost’s duo going top. Falcons’ duo took their turret first in bottom lane at 7 minutes. Roar forced Shy out of lane, allowing Falcons to safely secure the first dragon at 9 minutes. At 10 minutes, Frost finally took top turret while Falcons took the 2nd bottom turret. ActScene ganked middle, pushing MakNoon back while Falcons entire team grouped mid, taking mid turret at 11 minutes and almost destroying the 2nd mid turret while Frost took the 2nd top turret. Space and Reapered both rotated bottom to split push while the rest of their teams went top. Falcons sieged Frost’s turret until Frost engaged 4v4 and MakNoon took first blood at 14 minutes. Reapered rotated top to split push against shy as both teams roamed to dragon, Falcons securing their second dragon at 16 minutes. Frost ganked Reapered and killed him 3v1 while Falcons group mid and took 2nd mid turret, ending in a trade as MakNoon took bottom turret solo.
At 21 minutes Falcons took control of vision around Baron and waited for a pick. Falcons ambushed Helios and forced out his Ragnarok and Ghost to get away then began Baron while MakNoon and Space were taking dragon. shy and Madlife rushed the pit and shy killed starlast as Falcons took Baron. The teams fought and Frost won the fight 4/2 but were too low to take an objective. Upon respawning, Falcons rushed top and took top turret at 24 minutes then attempted to push in and group siege the 2nd turret. Frost engaged once again, winning another 4/2 teamfight.
Frost grouped mid at 27 minutes with shy split pushing bottom. MiSo was caught out a killed and Frost immediately took mid turret. MakNoon roamed bot to join shy and both lanes dove Falcons, Reapered dying bottom but no turrets taken. Frost backed off and took their second dragon. shy remained bottom, forcing Reapered to stay with him while the rest of Frost started clearing Baron area. shy baited Reapered into an all in, allowing Space to roam bottom and take the kill. Frost then moved to Baron. Falcons engaged and shy teleported into the fight from bottom lane. Frost killed MiSo and took Baron then piled in mid lane, taking 2nd mid turret then 2nd bottom turret and group sieging the lane. Falcons engaged again, Frost taking the teamfight 2/1 as well as mid and bottom inhibitors before backing off, securing their third dragon, and buying.
Frost pushed in mid lane, took the final inhibitor at 38 minutes and scored 3 more kills before taking the Nexus.
Frost unsuccessfully attempted to late invade Falcons’ blue. Teams moved into standard lane matchups with duo lanes top. ActScene invaded red with Reapered, scoring first blood on Helios and stealing red. Both junglers ganked mid at 6 minutes, ending with a double kill for Reapered. As Frosts blue respawned, Actscene invaded with Falcons’ duo lane, stealing blue and killing Helios and Space while Reapered killed MakNoon under tower when he attempted to assist. MakNoon and shy switched lanes while Reapered and ActScene took the first dragon at 10 minutes. Meanwhile, MiSo teleported top and killed Frost’s duo lane 3v2, taking the score to 8/0 then securing the top turret.
Both duo lanes rotated bottom, ActScene showing up in lane 2 minutes later and pushing Frost out while they took bottom turret. Frosts 3 man dove Reapered top, killing him then taking the turret while the remainder of Falcons traded for Frost’s mid turret. Frost managed to pick Roar as he was withdrawing from bottom then pushed in the lane and 5v4 dove bottom turret, losing the fight to Falcons 5/2 while Reapered took 2nd top turret.
After respawning, Falcons went directly to Baron and snuck the objective at 16 minutes. Falcons immediately ambushed Frost with the buff, resulting in a 3/0 teamfight, and then rotated to take their second dragon. Reapered moved to bottom and pushed to the 2nd turret to set up for a 5v4 tower dive, taking 2 kills and then 2nd bottom turret. When Frost respawned, Falcons dove again, taking another kill and the bottom inhibitor. The kill gap grew to 19/4.
MakNoon was ambushed and killed in top lane, allowing Falcons to 5 man siege mid, taking another kill and the mid inhibitor at 21 minutes. With both inhibitors down, Falcons rotated to top lane with Tryndamere split pushing bottom. Frost engaged under top turret 5v4 and won a 4/1 teamfight while minions destroyed one of the Nexus turrets. Falcons respawned and took their second Baron then pushed in to retake bottom and mid inhibitors before returning to siege top lane. Falcons engaged under turret for a 5/2 teamfight and the Nexus.
After securing top turret, Blaze’s duo lane rotated bottom for a 2v2 matchup. Bengi ganked mid at 13 minutes. Faker killed Ambition and they took mid turret. Impact and Bengi roamed bottom, counterengaging when their duo baited a jungle gank from Blaze. SKTK scored a triple kill bottom while Faker killed Ambition in the river, resulting in a 4/0 fight and a 7/1 kill score at 15 minutes.
Faker killed DayDream in his own jungle, resulting in a skirmish mid that scored 2 more kills for SKTK. SKTK used the number advantage to secure their second dragon. SKTK grouped bottom to push while Impact split push against Flame top. Blaze defends for some time but is forced to respond when Faker starts pushing mid. SKTK killed Pact Jack and took 2nd bottom turret at 22 minutes. Blaze attempted a pick on Impact in the jungle but SKTK took 2nd mid turret then killed DayDream and forced Blaze to retreat, securing SKTK the 2nd top turret as well.
Ambition and DayDream roamed bottom at 11 minutes to tower dive SKTKs duo lane. Faker way caught by the two in the river but escaped, drawing them into the river while Bengi ganked bottom and got a double kill. Flame was forced to cancel his teleport and SKTK took bottom turret. Blaze returned with DayDream and took bottom turret, but Bengi and Faker roamed bottom, killing Blaze’s duo lane yet again. SKTK moved to dragon but Ambition stole it with his ultimate. SKTK’s due lane rotated top, catching Flame teleporting onto his tower with Bengi. They chased Flame down to his 2nd turret but Blaze turned and killed Impact. Bengi and Faker used the distraction to take mid turret. Blaze’s duo lane remained top to keep the 2v2 matchup while Flame rotated to bottom against Impact. Skirmishes broke out in all 3 lanes, resulting in another kill for each team and Ambition taking mid turret.
Blazed recalled and SKTK started Baron while top lane pushed. Top turret fell to minions and SKTK left Baron, rotating into Blaze’s blue jungle and forcing them to take the long way around while they took the 2nd top turret. SKTK engaged as the turret fell. During a prolonged fight, SKTK took the top inhibitor and a 2/1 teamfight. Blaze pursued as SKTK backed off, preventing them from recalling and then rotating to Baron to take it while SKTK was too low to contest. Blaze them moved to dragon and secured that as well, obtaining a gold lead.
Despite the active Baron buff on Blaze, SKTK immediately pushed down mid lane and took the 2nd mid turret, making the gold almost dead even at 35 minutes. After Baron buff expired, SKTK began sieging mid lane once again. Blaze engaged, both teams becoming very low and backing off without any kills. Baron respawned and both teams began vying for vision in the river, SKTK securing dragon and Flame split pushing bottom during the contest. SKTK grouped mid and almost destroyed the mid inhibitor turret before Blaze repelled them as SKTK’s 2nd bottom turret dropped to minions. Impact was forced to return to base to deal with the huge minion waves pushing in the side lanes and Blaze started Baron. Impact rushed back and SKTK engaged in Baron pit. Bengi stole Baron and SKTK won the teamfight 3/2. SKTK pushed mid, scored another kill, and took mid and top inhibitors.
With top and mid pushing, SKTK grouped bottom at 45 minutes and took the bottom mid and inhibitor turrets, losing Impact to Blaze during the conflict. SKTK backed off and took another dragon. Blaze’s inhibitors respawned and SKTK returned bottom. Blaze engaged once again. SKTK won the fight 1/0 then took the bottom and mid inhibitors. SKTK backed yet again and Baron respawned. SKTK stood in Baron pit while mid and bottom pushed. Blaze was forced to return to defend and SKTK tok Baron for free at 51 minutes. SKTK took top inhibitor and Blaze engaged. SKTK won the fight 5/1 and took the Nexus at 52 minutes.
IM#2’s duo lane hid to the top bush with PLL to ambush Acorn as he came into lane, forcing out his flash when he went to check the bush. PLL then teleported bottom to make 2v1 lanes with IM#2 in top lane. Spirit took both his buffs then moved top to support Acorn in lane while Reign over stole his jungle then ganked mid to give Kuro first blood at 4 minutes. Blue engaged top, trading Acorn for Ondal 1/1. Blue engaged top once again at 6 minutes, taking a 2/1 trade while their duo lane killed PLL bottom. Spirit roamed down and took the first dragon with Blues duo lane. At 10 minutes IM#2 took top turret while Spirit ganked bottom, scoring another kill on PLL and taking bottom turret for Blue.
With the side towers down, IM#2’s duo lane rotated bottom and Blue’s duo rotated mid. IM#2 attempted to group invade and steal red at 13 minutes but Blue responded, winning a 2/1 teamfight. IM#2 took bottom turret then both teams moved to dragon at 14 minutes. Blue engaged as IM#2 began the objective. IM#2 took the dragon, but Blue took a 5/3 teamfight.
At 21 minutes IM#2 grouped mid and attempted to take mid turret. Blue engaged, resulting in a 1/1 teamfight then a re engagement and another 1/1 trade. At some point afterward Blue took mid turret.
At 29 minutes IM#2 attempted Baron. Blue engaged in Baron pit but IM#2 took the teamfight 5/0 and Baron. IM#2 then pushed in to take the mid turret.
AT 31 minutes IM#2 pushed in top while PLL split bottom. IM#2 took 2nd top turret and engaged. Although Blue came away from the fight 1/0, they were all forced to back and IM#2 took a Nexus turret.
IM#2 started by giving blue to Kuro while Reign over took red. They then invaded Blue’s blue jungle with 4 members and took first blood on Acorn. IM#2 then moved their duo lane to top to make 2v1 lanes. Deft remained bottom to solo lane against PLL while Heart roamed mid with Spirit. Together with PawN they killed Kuro and gave blue buff to PawN. Reign over ganked bottom twice, the 2nd time resulting in a 1/1 trade. At 6 minutes Spirit ganked mid again and gave another kill to PawN. Acorn roamed at level 6 and ganked mid, taking Kuro very low. When Kuro didn’t back, Blue used the advantage to take the first dragon at 9 minutes.
Reign over ganked bottom yet again at 10 minutes. Spirit counter ganked and the fight ended in a 1/1 trade when BenKyo killed Deft with his ultimate from across the map. Despite an even trade, Blue forced Reign over back and took bottom turret. IM#2 grouped mid and pushed, forcing Blue to defend. BenKyo almost took top turret while Blue was on the defense but Blue roamed top, killed BenKyo, and took top turret for a 2/0 turret score at 15 minutes.
IM#2 moved to dragon and Blue engaged on them. IM#2 took the dragon but Blue won the following teamfight 3/2. Blue scored another pick on PLL in top lane then grouped mid, catching and killing Reign over before taking mid turret at 18 minutes. Acorn pushed top, PawN mid, and the rest of blue bottom until dragon respawned at 21 minutes. Blue’s bottom lane backed to dragon and took their second dragon unopposed. Blue rotated top and attempted to get a pick in IM#2’s red jungle. IM#2 took the fight 2/0 and quickly secured mid turret with their number advantage.
Blue grouped mid again at 27 minutes, diving IM#2 for a 3/1 teamfight and taking 2nd mid turret. Blue then moved to dragon and began taking it. The remaining 2 members of IM#2 attempted to interfere but Blue took the dragon and killed them both for a delayed ace. Both teams grouped mid and Blue engaged and came out of the fight 5/0 and took mid inhibitor then retreated to Baron and took it before IM#2 could reach them.
After recalling, Blue group bottom lane, taking the 2nd turret uncontested. Blue unsuccessfully dove IM#2 under turret, losing PawN, but managed to destroy the bottom inhibitor turret. They then backed and took their third dragon at 35 minutes. Blue returned mid and took both exposed inhibitors then fought IM#2, resulting in no kills. After backing, Blue and IM#2 moved to the newly respawned Baron. Blue waited until the super minions were on the IM#2’s Nexus turrets before starting. Half of IM#2 backed and Blue secured the buff. Blue pushed in, took a 4/1 teamfight, and claimed the Nexus.
Although this happens across all school types, it tends to be more prominent in, and easier for, non-government or private schools. As these schools compete for enrolments and top exam results, there is a disincentive for them to take any risk that might dilute those results.
It's knowing that when you’re sitting in your cubicle at work, crammed in the middle seat of an airplane, being entranced at a concert or working up a sweat at the gym that what you’re experiencing is real. It’s not a dream or trick, and reality’s realness is something we just take for granted.
The first thing about the Oculus Crescent Bay, the newest virtual reality headset prototype announced at Oculus Connect on Saturday, is that it takes a room to simulate. You aren't stuffed into an office chair — even though the Oculus team loves repeating, for liability reasons, that the Rift is a sitting experience. Instead, I stood on a square pad in the middle of an 8-by-8 room. I stared at a camera while the headset was lowered over my eyes.
Brook will be back in the WHL again next year, and in addition to seeing further progression in his production, it’s also entirely probable he takes on a larger leadership role for his team.
Although dark, the first teaser suggests the CLS takes Mercedes' design language into a sharper, sportier direction. The front end wears angular headlights that are better proportioned than the ones on the outgoing car and a wide, GT-like grille. We'll have to be patient to find out what the rest of it looks like.
The Yankees and JetBlue had been slated as sponsors of the parade, but both issued statements Monday announcing they would not take part, citing the López Rivera furor. They join another major sponsor, Goya Foods, which also recently bailed out.
“We took an oath to protect and serve the people. Unfortunately, this year’s views and values of the National Puerto Rican Day Parade committee do not conform with the society’s mission of promoting peace and unity.”
“When elected, the speaker took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. Mark-Viverito violates that oath every time she celebrates this terrorist,” Palladino said.
Robinson declined to comment on the speech that he gave to the players, but it was smart for the Panthers to take advantage of the fact that they have a compelling in-house reminder of the pitfalls that can arise during Super Bowl week.
“TapRide will allow you to go in and demand a car just like Uber,” Student Body President Ryan Rinaldi said. “You go in and select where you want to go and it’ll take you there,” “They’ll even send you a text when the bus is outside your door.”
I asked him how long did it take for him and his teammate to build it, only to get the hilarious response of “We procrastinated until almost January…”, so only three months of after school hours.
There is still a lot the team wants to add to CloudNG. Streaming media, running third party apps, more social network functions, enabling an online document editor, etc. It will look very mature and poised to take on real world competitors soon. You can see a detailed comparison of the current functions of CloudNG versus current products here.
So haste is about 0.1722/0.4380=39.3% as good as mastery for TDR. Having 205 haste and 205 mastery is roughly equivalent to having 286 mastery. To put that in terms of damage reduction, let’s use a simplistic model: the damage reduction is approximately equal to (SotR uptime)*rating/600, such that at 100% SotR uptime 600 rating gives 1% damage reduction. In practice, SotR uptime is generally only about 40-50%. If we take the generous assumption of 50% SotR uptime, that 286 rating is only 0.238% reduced damage taken. However, this is absolute damage taken, not relative damage taken. To get relative damage reduction, we’d need to divide by the amount we actually take (i.e. if we only take 70% of the damage that’s coming at us, it’s 0.00238/0.3=0.0079, or ~0.8% relative damage reduction).
Personally, I’d take the 8k absorb. Because my usual death scenario is a 5-8 second window where I’m bursted down without enough healing. There’s a very good chance that I’ll have one Colossus proc in that window (at roughly 1 proc every 8.3 seconds with 20% raid-buffed haste, the overlap chance is greater than 65%). There’s a much smaller chance that I have a useful Windsong proc covering that window. Admittedly, if it does line up, it’s a much stronger defensive effect than an 8k absorb, but I’d rather have the 8k absorb ~80% of the time than the much larger effect 25% of the time (roughly estimating, 12s*(4/3)/60s=26.6%).
William B. Ogden was born in Walton, New York in 1805. He was orphaned young and took over his late father’s real estate business at just 14 years old. When he was sent in 1835 to oversee a purchase in the burgeoning town of Chicago and saw his investment tripled, Ogden’s real estate antennae twitched. He left the seat he had just won in the New York state legislature to put down stakes in Chicago.
Still, his misdeeds were forgiven when the Great Fire of 1871 leveled the young city. Ogden lost all his properties in the fire, including his family home. When he received news of the disaster, he took an express train from New York to grieve with the rest of the city. Afterward, Ogden returned to New York, where he remained until his death in 1877. The Chicago Tribune wrote of him: “No one else in the history of the city better understood its prime commercial position, and no one did more to influence the world to appreciate it.”
But the big difference between Batman and Robin and this show (which ran from 2008 — 2011 with 65 episodes) is that this show is actually incredibly funny … good funny, that is. The 22ish minute run time is just enough time to tell a tight, goofy story in a charming way. It doesn’t grate on you in the same way a two hour movie of this would. But more than that, the writing is just solid. It’s writing in a very particular style, but they did the style well and with deliberation. It even took the chance on a normal basis to have a character step back and comment on how ridiculous a situation was. In other words, the show and the audience is in on the joke and the joke is legitimately funny.
Spanish physician Juan Gomez-Alonso explains four connections between rabies and vampire myths in a 1998 Neurology journal article, the most obvious being infection through the blood via bites. Rabies victims also often suffer from facial spasms, lending them an animalistic appearance. The third connection is the time frame: vampire lore had them living for forty days before being turned, the same amount of time it usually takes for the victim of a rabies attack to die after their initial bite. The final connection is probably the most surprising: sex drive. The insatiable sexual desire that’s a trademark of both traditionally gothic and sparkly modern vampires can also be traced to rabies. Male rabies victims often get involuntary erections and have spontaneous orgasms. Unsurprisingly, this was not often spoken of outright, but was alluded to in much of the early medical literature, with one eighteenth century Austrian physician noting “his seed and his life were lost at the same time.”
“I would suggest that if a good offer is placed in front of him, he might well be inclined to take it very seriously,” said Da Rocha, who has been in discussions with Ronaldinho’s management team.
ROMA, Texas — Five members of Mexico’s Gulf Cartel were arrested near this border city as they tried to illegally enter the country. The arrests took place this week when the group tried to cross the Rio Grande near the Mexican City of Miguel Aleman into this border city, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the 229th District Attorney’s office revealed.
It will take years for revenue from any of the blocks to start flowing to the country, he said in a televised news conference.
When the process was first launched in 2013, 46 companies qualified to take part in bidding, 12 of them as operators, including Chevron Corp, Total SA and Exxon Mobil Corp.
Just days after a lorry caused severe delays by shedding 24 tonnes of lard across a motorway slip road, BBC News takes a look at the strangest items spilled on England's roads.
Specialist teams were dispatched to stop the sticky black mess spreading in a clean-up operation that took 12 hours.
It took almost four hours for specialist teams to mop up animal blood from the eastbound carriageway of the A50 at Stoke-on-Trent in 2011 after the tanker carrying the liquid sprang a leak.
It took five hours for the hazardous material to be removed.
Image copyright North West Motorway Police Image caption It took 18 hours to clear the road of powdered cement
It took 18 hours to clear and resurface the road.
It takes a while to spot him, but finding his distinctly awkward face among the crowd is a triumph reminiscent of picking out Wally (or Waldo, if you're from that part of the world) from a sea of football fans, factory workers or beach-goers.
When you are having the “gold” or “no gold” discussion with your next generation, here is my take on it: It is fine to have some gold in your balanced portfolio. I don’t like to see more than a 10 percent holding in gold.
In spite of this separation, both stages share several common techniques to hinder malware analysis and we will now take a look at some of them.
Kaiman: If you want it, come and take it from me.
The administration has not announced its next step, but Trump has previously indicated that he would take the case all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary, a move that would set up a legal showdown of even higher stakes and visibility.
Louis Rosen was born in Manhattan, earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the University of Alabama, and a doctorate in physics from Pennsylvania State University. He said he never took a course in nuclear physics.
But I fear that the Mnuchin nomination may well cause the president more than a little bit of damage. The Department of the Treasury is a complex organization, and its CEO, the Secretary of the Treasury, even more than the IRS, wields profound powers over the lives of all Americans, whether individuals or business entities. As Ms. Kenneally's testimony exemplifies, taxation, financial, and economic policies can take a significant toll on the noneconomic aspects of an individual's life, thereby affecting his well-being. Mr. Mnuchin no doubt understands this dynamic on an intellectual level, but how well has he internalized it?
Bryant took to Twitter to defend his decision to hold out:
It was fun to be back at the arena again to see all of the familiar faces and some of the new ones. The Leafs were split into two teams/practice squads (Team A and Team B, very creative) that took over the ice on the Leafs rink and the Marlies rink.
There was also a concern that the armaments might be used against other European powers once the newly established communist government built up the newly minted red Army's power. Western nations greatly feared Marxism, which taught that industrial powers would eventually be overthrown in "peoples' revolutions" as the "proletariat" took their rightful place. The idea of a heavily armed communist state was, as a result, extremely unpalatable to most Western governments.
It is certain that Admiral Koltchak would never have gone to Siberia, nor have become the head of the constitutional movement and government of Russia, if he had not been advised and even urged to do so by the Allies. He received the most categorical promises of whole-hearted support and early Allied recognition before he agreed to take up the dangerous duty of head of the Omsk Government. Had these urgings and promises been ungrudgingly performed a Constituent Assembly would be now sitting at Moscow hammering out the details of a Federal Constitution for a mighty Russian Republic or a parliamentary system similar to our own. (Ward, 1920)
[...] [the Allies'] help took the form of positive wilful obstruction. The Japanese, by bolstering up Semianoff and Kalmakoff, and the Americans, by protecting and organising enemies, made it practically impossible for the Omsk Government to maintain its authority or existence. The most that could be expected was that both would see the danger of their policy in time to avert disaster. One did; the other left when the evils created had got beyond control. Koltchak has not been destroyed so much by the acts of his enemies as by the stupidity and neglect of his Allied friends. (Ward, 1920)
One thing is for sure, the Chargers have holes to fill at the Tackle and Guard spots. Most teams in situations like this will attempt to fill both via free agency, and take whichever free agent fits the team best (in terms of scheme, personality and dollars). They'll then fill the remaining hole on the offensive line with a first or second-round draft pick. That means that Kiper or McShay could be right, but it will probably depend on free agency to decide which one actually is.
Judge Marco Billi took slightly more than four hours to reach the verdict, the BBC reported.
Author takes out top prize for fiction for the second time with novel about race, poverty, loss and family in America’s south
About 1,500 books were submitted for the awards, which are restricted to works published between 1 December 2016 and 30 November 2017. Of the 20 finalists this year, 15 were women. Each finalist receives $1,000, and the winners take home $10,000 each.
There's a lesson here, one from which we can all learn, and it is: under no circumstances should you ever take mushrooms with someone whose job is to maul people into submission while trapped in a steel cage.
As the ram hit the floor of the pit Nick changed, his fury was back and he turned towards the intruder. Stepping in front of the motionless Judy he placed himself between her and the ram, he snarled loudly and began to back up pressing into Judy's chest with his butt. Her eyes widened as the steady pressured forced Judy to the ground and Nick took up a place over her. She was being covered completely by his body as he stood above her and tightened his muscles. The ram stumbled up and faced the duo, putting his hands out in front of him as he approached. Nick tightened, even more, the closer he came, and Judy watched Nick's muscles he had previously kept hidden visibly moved beneath his clothing.
Bogo grinned as his officers took the crooked mayor away, he crossed his arms over his chest triumphantly.
After a couple of false starts due to the unsettled weather we decided to head to Eberswalde to check out Papierfabrik Wolfswinkel, which I first heard about when Sherry of Ottsworld took a Photo tour there during her time in Berlin as a guest blogger for Go With Oh.
In 1956, Papierfabrik Wolfswinkel took over the production of a famous handcrafted paper with a woodpecker watermark when the Papierfabrik Spechthausen was acquisitioned by the army.
Moda's parent company was forced this spring to sell off assets and borrow additional funds in order to replenish its depleted capital reserves. Oregon's Department of Consumer and Business Services took Moda into supervision last January.
This brings us back to United's full-backs. They are essential for two reasons -- first, as mentioned above, they allow their team's most creative players to move infield, and secondly, they stretch the play against teams who try to congest the midfield. And this is where Valencia can and should do more. Since the 2012-13 season, when United last won the title, he has scored only four times in 118 matches. Given his speed and strength, and the fact he takes up very advanced positions for his club, this is an area where he could do better. He could also improve his final ball -- he was once a winger whose delivery was among the very best in the division, perhaps even Europe, but on several occasions in the last few seasons his crosses have found themselves deflected away by the first man.
Being a developer for over 20 years I realized that when a started I saw debugging not as a craft on which I could improve but as a tedious factory job that sadly you need to do when you're a developer. And nobody wants to do dull work, so as many before me I started looking for ways to improve my debugging skills so I could be more efficient at it. Nowadays I see debugging as an art which takes ongoing efforts to master. But can be really fun when you get better at it.
“What interested me most about Amelia was that her foundation is actually her moral compass, and her decisions and tactics aren’t coming from a place of manipulation or ambition to obtain some sort of power or personal gain,” Jones explained. She also said that’s something she hopes to take with her in her own life.
The impact that Amelia and Damnation has made on Jones is something she’ll take with her, both personally and professionally. “Ultimately, knowing you’re safe and ok to allow yourself to be vulnerable and exposed.”
The headline screams “It’s time for Jeremy Corbyn’s supporters to take on the trade union leadership”. Nothing could be more counterproductive than seeking to mobilize supporters of Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour Party to intervene in internal union politics.
To take two examples over the last couple of weeks, the solicitors Leigh Day won the first stage of a legal campaign to force ASDA to give equal pay to the mainly female retail workforce compared to mainly male workers doing similar work in distribution.
when the app starts degrading a few years from now. OrgMode is ideal, but images cause Emacs scrolling to be wonky on the desktop, and recreating agenda mode on the mobile would be a challenge. But glad to see apps like Orgzly take on it.
Sports Illustrated told the story of Abel Rodríguez, a 41-year-old Mexican-American from California, and an obsessive Real fan, who took two weeks' unpaid holiday for the last seven years to volunteer at the team's annual summer trip to Los Angeles.
Rodríguez's annual interaction with Mourinho and Los Blancos strengthened his passion for the club and this year he took the decision to withdraw his life savings to fund a trip to Madrid, in a desperate attempt to attend El Clásico before Mourinho left the club.
It also will help add structure for 3D IC, which is still the least expensive approach to achieving throughput and density. Exactly where this packaging approach takes root, though, isn’t clear. While the focus has been on processors, memory has been stacked for some time, and some sensors are being packaged using this approach.
As William Chen, a fellow at ASE, observed rather succinctly, “We need to understand how things fit together.” That will take years, but it also will shift the focus of the semiconductor industry well beyond just the chip to the package, the system, and possibly even well beyond that.
Since over such a short period as three years, there is unlikely to have been much shift in the sectoral composition of the workforce, and hence of the population dependent upon it, we can quite legitimately take the rate of growth of the agriculture-dependent population as being equal to the rate of growth of the overall population of the country.
The demand arising from net exports (that is, exports minus imports) has been fairly sluggish over this period, because of the crisis in the world economy and also the protectionism increasingly adopted by the United States of America. Such protectionism, by discouraging US firms from 'outsourcing' service sector activities, hurts the exports of services from countries like India. True, the lower oil prices in the world economy should have had the effect of boosting domestic demand, if these lower prices had been passed on to the consumers. But this did not happen; on the contrary, the government just took advantage of the lower world oil prices to garner larger revenues through excise duty.
The group antis3curityops posted a video saying it was "actively engaged in actions against the Chicago Police Department," and it encouraged "anyone to take up the cause and use the AntiS3curityOPS Anonymous banner. For those able, chicagopolice.org should be fired upon as much as possible. We are in your harbor Chicago, and you will not forget us."
Referring to clashes between police and protesters during marches in the Loop Saturday night, the video said "let us unite and show the violent Chicago police and the government big brother tactic’s (sic) that we are not gonna take this."
The retail version of the Fuka & Desco chapters requires a copy of Disgaea 4. Fans still might want to give the append disc a look because it comes with bonus items. A soundtrack CD and a Desco figure are part of the package. Let’s take a look at that.
By the time Paul Morphy was felled by a stroke on July 10, 1884, he had become an odd and familiar presence on Canal Street in New Orleans: a trim little man in sack suit and monocle, muttering to himself, smiling at his own conceits, swinging his cane at most who dared approach. Sometimes he would take a fancy to a passing woman and following her for hours at a distance. He lived in fear of being poisoned, eating only food prepared by his mother or sister, and he believed that neighborhood barbers were conspiring to slit his throat. His family tried to have him committed to an asylum, but he argued his sanity so convincingly that the authorities declined to admit him. It had been a quarter-century since he became a world-renowned chess champion, and for the last decade of his life he was loath to discuss the game at all.
No one could say with certainty what prompted Morphy’s slow decline, but the discovery of his genius in 1846 remained legendary. Morphy, at age 9, was sitting on his family’s back porch as his uncle and father, a justice on the Louisiana State Supreme Court, played chess. After several hours, the men declared the match a draw and moved to sweep away the pieces. Morphy stopped them. “Uncle,” he said, “you should have won that game.” He maneuvered the pieces and explained: “Here it is: check with the rook, now the king has to take it, and the rest is easy.” And he was right.
Morphy had an astounding memory, capable of recording every factor he deemed pertinent to his play—openings, defenses, even entire games—but he also had an intuitive grasp of the possibilities. He could visualize the board several plays deep, anticipating and capitalizing on even the slightest misstep. “The child had never opened a work on chess,” wrote Morphy’s uncle, Ernest Morphy, to the editor of chess magazine La Régence, which published one of Morphy’s early games. “In the openings he makes the right moves as if by inspiration, and it is astonishing to note the precision of his calculations in the middle and end game. When seated before the chessboard, his face betrays no agitation even in the most critical positions; in such cases he generally whistles an air through his teeth and patiently seeks for the combination to get him out of trouble.” The prodigy next took on Johann J. Lowenthal, a political refugee from Hungary who was well known in European chess circles. Morphy, in his French vernacular, described Lowenthal’s reaction at losing to him in one word: “comique.”
Morphy entered the First American Chess Congress, held on October 5, 1857 at the New York Chess Club. He won his first game in 21 moves, almost in a matter of minutes—and this in an era with no time limit, when players pondered for hours and games lasted for days. His only true competitor was a German immigrant named Louis Paulsen, who exasperated Morphy by taking as long as 75 minutes on a move and beating him at their third game. Before the sixth game, Morphy dined with fellow player William James Appleton Fuller. “His patience was worn out by the great length of time Paulsen took for each move,” Fuller recalled. “His usually equable temper was so disturbed that he clenched his fist and said, ‘Paulsen shall never win another game from me while he lives.’” Morphy beat him five times and won the competition, then spent the next month in New York being feted like a king.
Bloomberg did the math and determined that Christie has paid more than $8.8 billion into the state pension system since he took over as governor in 2010. That's more than double the total payments made by all New Jersey governors in the 16 years before Christie took over—so give him some credit there—but it's less than half of what the pension system needs on an annual basis to remain solvent, according to the actuaries who make such determinations.
The murder took place Monday, early morning in a wealthy neighborhood in Ecatepec, not far from Mexico City. Breitbart Texas obtained a copy of the video that shows when the assassin, wearing black clothing, runs up to Judge Vicente Bermudez in order to shoot him in the head.
The high-profile assassination led to Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto to call for federal authorities to take over the murder investigation. In Mexico, violent cases are usually investigated and prosecuted at the state level.
He has dogged Congress for the past couple of years to take action to assist Puerto Rico and pushed his own legislation that would have allowed the territory to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy, as cities like Detroit have done. The legislation stalled.
Over the last few years, we've covered President Obama's war on whistleblowers , including the fact that he's used the Espionage Act against whistleblowers more than every other President combined, which is really quite incredible when you think about it. The NY Times has tried to dig around and figure out why the Obama administration is so harsh on whistleblowers and comes up with a few different sources. The first one, the Times reporter actually buries pretty far down in the story: Senator Dianne Feinstein from California:Of course, as we've pointed out a few times, Feinstein, ridiculously, seems much more concerned about leaks than the government abuses and lawbreaking that those leaks reveal. That's quite incredible when you think about it.The second source -- also underplayed by the article -- is officials in the intelligence community itself, who the President and his top advisors seem somewhat in awe of, and rarely seem willing to push back on what they have to say:Basically, the long term intelligence insiders were sick of leaks -- such as the revealing of their warrantless wiretapping -- meaning that they actually have to answer to the public for overreaching into everyone's private lives. Given the combination of those intelligence agencies and Feinstein (who has always parroted whatever the intelligence agencies have to say), President Obama put his first Director of National Intelligence on the job of "solving" this issue of whistleblowers. And Blair apparently took to it with fervor, believing that the best thing to do would be to "make some examples" bypeople:While he's not literally talking about hanging someone, just the idea that they set out, purposefully, to "make examples" out of whistleblowers, is what lead to these kinds of massive overreaches and the chilling effects found today. The administration may think that's a good thing, because it keeps their secrets secret -- but it's also what's allowed massive abuses within the government to flourish with no one willing to blow the whistle.The next culprit outlined (and mentioned above) is Attorney General Eric Holder, who teamed up with Blair to craft a program that was focused on going after anyone they could very aggressively:So, rather than get the whole story, understand what's going on, the DOJ has a three-week deadline before moving forward withinvestigations on whistleblowing.The final person to blame for all of this: the President himself. As noted above, he seems to accept everything the intelligence guys tell him without question. And that leads to absolutely moronic claims like the following:The Times reporter doesn't dig into this, but that meeting from March 2011 was first written about in Jane Mayer's amazing New Yorker article about the ridiculous prosecution against whistleblower Thomas Drake . That was a case where Drake legitimately blew the whistle on fraud and abuse within the NSA -- and it was only in searching for who was behind a different leak, that investigators found a completely pointless document on his home computer, including details of some meeting schedules. The document was, but prosecutors said that Drake should have known it was actually classified (even though the documentdeclassified months later).That was clearly an extreme case of going after a whistleblower for being a whistleblower -- and yet when confronted on this, the President strongly pushed back against it and seemed to buy completely into the bogus claims his intelligence people were telling him about Drake. From the Mayer piece:Of course, Brian was exactly right -- Thomas Drake was exactly the kind of whistleblower President Obama claims he wants more of: the kind who reveal government wrongdoing in the form of financial shenanigans. And yet, he never seemed to recognize or acknowledge that Drake never revealed anything that jeopardized national security. Given how the various intelligence bosses -- from Blair to Keith Alexander to James Clapper (and their various predecessors who are now making tons of money working for private defense contractors bilking billions from the government on these issues) -- seem to have decided that they need to "hang" a few leakers, President Obama's failure to recognize that they've been using his support for this to hang true whistleblowers, rather than anyone who's harmed national security, means he needs to take the blame for this massive failure within his own administration.Brian was completely correct in her statements. These actions -- and the latest Snowden revelations of a President who seems to cave to the intelligence agencies at every chance -- really do a massive amount of harm to his legacy. But, tragically, the President appears to have a huge blindspot on that, not realizing how damning his war on whistleblowers has become.
After a federal appeals court refused to reinstate President Donald Trump’s travel ban, he took to social media. Trump tweeted: “SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!”
Three federal judges say the U.S. government presented no evidence to explain the urgent need for President Donald Trump’s executive order to take effect immediately.
In August 2014, Benko took over 83 Karstadt branches. Since then, he closed the store in Stuttgart and announced that five additional stores will be shut down by 2016. An additional 15 branches and six sports outlets are threatened with closure as well.
In 2005, the union and works council welcomed Thomas Middelhoff, who now sits in prison for breach of trust, as the “white knight” at KarstadtQuelle AG, and supported his “restructuring plan,” i.e., his programme of deep cuts. Middelhoff took Karstadt into bankruptcy in 2009.
In August 2014, René Benko stepped onto the scene. As soon as he took over Karstadt for €1, he announced store closings and layoffs. The Austrian Standard newspaper called him an “adventurer and phony”. Wirtschaftswoche quoted a Karstadt saleswoman with the words, “We already had one billionaire as an owner. They provide absolutely nothing.”
Jürgen Ettl, the new chairperson of the general works council who took over this post from Hellmut Patzelt in June, warned that the company head should not “exceed the target”, but in the same breath emphasised that “Mr. Fanderl tackles things consistently.”
That about covers the basics. Now, if you will excuse me, I need to take some time to address these test results.
By Mark Doyleaccountancy firm is calledTax & Legal, its name inspired by an Oscar-winning movie starring Tom Cruise.president Aurelio Dewould no doubt be offended by the insinuation thatis in any way similar to Jerry, the fictional sports agent who comes to champion love (or “”) over greed, but many of his clients would argue that the comparison is just.Welcome to the divisive - yet lucrative - world of, super agent.The 45-year-old was born in, Italy, but his parents emigrated to Netherlands when he was still an infant, settling in. It was in this Dutch municipality thatwas raised before taking the first steps to becoming one of the most influential agents in football.Although it might not look it now,was a moderately talented player in his youth and he played for his local club before quitting the game at just 18. However, while he started studying law, he had not lost his passion for football, electing to take charge of theyouth team.Even at such a tender age,was a straight-talker with a distinct lack of respect for any figure of authority other than his restaurateur father.IlXIX two years ago. “I was always telling him that he knew nothing about football. One day he takes me aside and says: ‘Listen, you try it.’ He appointed me sporting director.”, though, became frustrated by his inability to make what he reckoned were the requisite changes due to a lack of funds. However, with Dutch players very much in vogue in the mid-1980s, he saw that there was money to be made in selling his adopted nation’s top footballing talent to Italy, which was then the centre of the footballing universe.His goal at this point was to establish a special working relationship with, “the club of my heart”. However, the deal collapsed. "I called [thenpresident. We started the collaboration. I offered him [Dennis]for 700 million lire [€362,000]. He hesitated. Two years later [1993], he offered €14 million, but I gave the player to Inter."With thedeal, which also sawjoin thefrom Ajax,had established himself as a major player inA, coming as it did a year after Bryan Roy's successful switch from Amsterdam toWhat was clear at this juncture was thatwas adept at making his clients happy. However, clubs were becoming increasingly concerned by his methods.Indeed, Ajax, who had profited substantially from-arranged deals during the early '90s, were less enamoured with the way in which star forwardleft forin 2004. Their ill-feeling only intensified two years later when the fallout fromled to the release of the following recorded telephone exchanges between thenmanaging director LucianoandRaiola: "Tomorrow, I'll keep the player at home all day; he won't show up for training. I then have an appointment with the directors of Ajax at noon, but I'll come at two ..."'s influence on players was also queried by Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson during his club’s ultimately futile attempts to persuade former midfielder Paulto remain at Oldlast year. “He [] has got an agent who’s obviously become a bit difficult ...”Meanwhile, the aforementioned Dewas, unsurprisingly, far more blunt when it came to addressingand the agent's all-too-public protestations that, who is not even officially a client, should leave the San Paolo in order to better himself as a player. "," Demused. "He's a pain in the backside, who, for years, has been trying to takeaway.""I think that when a player decides to leave a team he should leave," he reasons. "I have never made compromises; I work exclusively in the interest of my client. The players are my fortune and I have a great responsibility towards them. However, I have never carried out improper activity or activity that I, personally, do not think proper. The old agents favoured the interests of the club. For me, the player comes first.”Whatever the truth, this is a man with an undeniable way with words who knows how to sell himself, and his players. He has memorably comparedwith a Salvador Dali painting and claimed thatmove to Paris Saint-Germain has provided visitors to the French capital with something to see other than the Mona Lisa. However, while he speaks eight languages (Italian, Dutch, French, English, German, Spanish, Portuguese and "of course Neapolitan"), he rather humbly puts his impressive linguistic capabilities down to "preparation, not intelligence".Whatever it is, he is incredibly canny. He has cultivated a mutually beneficial relationship with Milan, as further evidenced by his masterminding of Mario's recent switch to San, and he has also proven himself wonderfully adept at massaging the ego of his players. He told a teenagethat he would make him a three-timed’Or winner, yet says the same award will be rendered meaningless if it is never given toSuch contradictions lie at the very heart of the role of agents in the modern game. Yes, the world of football would be a beautiful place if there were no agents, but it is a pipe dream, as football is no longer a sport, but big business. "We live in a cynical world," as Dicky Fox says in 'Jerry Maguire'. "A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors."Consequently, there will always be a need for people like. Love him or loathe him, one cannot deny that he is very good at what he does. The man himself says he resolves problems. His detractors say that he creates them. Perhaps the truth is somewhere in between - and perhaps utterly irrelevant because the bottom line is thatmakes money. Both for his clients - and himself.
I'll get to the point. My cancer is back. I had a CT scan on Tuesday, and after being told it could take up to 72 hours to hear back my results, my doctor had called me 3 hours later to inform me that "the disease" had reoccurred. That there's already a full body scan setup next week to find out how far it's gotten this time. That I'll have to go through everything again a second time to figure this out.
They were running low on cash and the festival lacked fundamental necessities — toilets and showers, for example — and they were running out of time. One supplier told VICE News that when they were contacted by the festival in April, they told the organizers that all the money in the world wouldn’t get trailers for toilets and showers past customs in time, because that takes weeks to process. The festival was scheduled over two weekends in late April and early May.
They were running low on cash and the festival lacked fundamental necessities — toilets and showers, for example — and they were running out of time. One supplier told VICE News that when they were contacted by the festival in April, they told the organizers that all the money in the world wouldn’t get trailers for toilets and showers past customs in time, because that takes weeks to process. The festival was scheduled over two weekends in late April and early May.
Fyre Festival employees said planning for the event took on the feel of an extended Spring Break frat party. McFarland and members of his team would fly down “every other weekend for lavish vacations” on nearby islands, but only male employees and models were allowed to go. “Billy would take all the boys down there, it would be boys only,” the employee said. “They talk about f—ing bitches and hoes in conference meetings.”
The system can't take photos or collect data on what shoppers have purchased. And it doesn't collect any personal details associated with the ID, like the user's name or phone number. That information is fiercely protected by mobile carriers, and often can be legally obtained only through a court order.
Today was supposed to have been Piddubnyj’s first day at work, although he never turned up, at least not through the front door. Perhaps because since this morning a crowd of a hundred or so “activists” had been awaiting his arrival, hoping that he would take the APC “Taxi to Dubno” back to his native region.Most probably the armoured personnel carrier belongs to one of these guys, interviewed here, with the article asking if they are “extremists or defenders”. Good question.
The groups involved today were: Maidan Self-Defence, which took on a coordinating role in the protests in Kyiv and locally, but now seems to be some kind of semi-paramilitary gang of camouflaged men; Right Sector, who locally at least are basically UNA-UNSO, a paramilitary group, plus the youth organisation Tryzub (Trident); and Automaidan, with the Kalush branch most evident today. Very few police, beyond traffic cops blocking the street, were visible when I passed about 13:30 this afternoon, although the media show that many uniformed officers did come out to declare that “the police are with the people”. (The photo reportage linked to here also manages to be typically sexist towards female police officers) It’s not clear what intention the police had with this statement, although since most have declared loyalty to the new head it was presumably a rejection of the “activists'” attempts to appropriate the voice of the people of Ivano-Frankivsk region.
“We have to challenge this before it takes root... If Mueller gets fired, it would be destructive to our society in ways we can’t even fathom right now,” Shaub said.
“Nairo is still very young, he is still developing his skills, his strength,” Jaimerena said. “Some say, ‘well, look what they did, they don’t take him to the Tour.’ He has a lot of road ahead of him. He is only 24.”
The race equality category -- based on data from a World Bank ethnic inequality report -- is, perhaps surprisingly, topped by cities in the US. San Francisco, Boston and Seattle take the top three slots.
Frank Fernando Jones was a Villisca resident and an Iowa State Senator. Josiah Moore had worked for Frank Jones at his implement store for many years before leaving to open his own store. Moore reportedly took business away from Jones, including a very successful John Deere dealership. Moore was rumored to have had a sexual affair with Jones’ daughter-in-law, though no evidence supports this.
"If the dog was in the park today and has developed any symptoms of illness, they should take their dog to their veterinarian," he said.
Before going through each part we need first to take a look on the big picture, the file structure of the project will be as the following:
“I took a few steps towards them and said, ‘F*** you, I’m Millwall’” Roy Larner Roy Larner was enjoying a few beers in Borough Market when the three London Bridge terrorists burst into the pub, brandishing huge knives. The twisted jihadis then started chanting “Islam, Islam”, and looked for defenceless revellers to attack. But Roy stood his ground and launched himself at the group, saving the lives of others who managed to escape.
He told the Sun: “They had these long knives and started shouting about Allah. Then it was, ‘Islam, Islam, Islam’. “Like an idiot I shouted back at them. I thought, ‘I need to take the p*** out of these b******s’.” “I took a few steps towards them and said, ‘F*** you, I’m Millwall’. So they started attacking me.”
One recent race was canceled because officials failed to secure permits to use national highways. The high price of race licenses and registration fees forces some cyclists to hold raffles and take up collections from bakeries and hardware stores in their hometowns to cover expenses. They incur more costs by breaking wheels and bike frames on potholed roads while competing for prizes of less than $100.
"Really, not getting the job for me was like a divorce or a death in the family," he says a few moments later. "It was something you've kind of just got to get over, you know? I am now, in a positive way — but it just took a little while."
Instead, when Orgeron convened the players and staff at USC after Kiffin was let go, he had everyone play tug-of-war. Really. The offensive line squared off against the defensive line. Running backs against linebackers. Receivers against defensive backs. And then, the school's administration took on the football coaches.
Needless to say, I was pretty shocked to watch the RHOD reunion episode and hear that Marie supposedly hired a social media team to take down LeeAnne and Tiffany Hendra. It’s absurd, to me, that she would invest so much thought and money into maintaining some sort of persona.
Responding to Kasowitz's claim that Trump doesn't have time, as president, to deal with state lawsuits, Mariann Meier Wang, a lawyer for Zervos, said: "We can take a deposition down to Mar-a-Lago in between him going to play golf."
“Human health is directly related to the health of the environment, the production of food and how it is grown,” said Weiss who has an undergraduate degree in botany at Rutgers College of Arts in Science. “I see this farm as an opportunity for me to take everything I’ve done all my life, all the biology and chemistry of plants I have studied, and link them to the human biological system.”
Switzerland holds India in great esteem; a vast country of diverse cultures with a rich heritage, an emerging economic power and the world’s largest democracy. We can depend on close relations based on the Treaty of Friendship that was signed between our two countries almost 70 years ago. Today, the aim is to further deepen that cooperation and to take a determined approach to addressing global challenges for the benefit of both our countries.
As part of its Energy Strategy 2050, Switzerland has decided to take steps to improve energy efficiency and boost the share of renewable energies in the energy mix. India’s energy strategy, which is currently being drawn up, shares the same priorities. In terms of energy efficiency and the increased use of renewable energies, a number of joint projects are already under way between our two countries. One of those is CapaCITIES, where Switzerland is helping municipal authorities in India to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
...in 1970, President Richard M. Nixon signed a monstrosity known as the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. Think of it as “the treaty on treaties” -- even though you probably thought we already had an American law of treaties. Under Article 18 of the treaty on treaties, once a nation signs a treaty -- or merely does something that could be interpreted as “express[ing] its consent to be bound by the treaty” -- that nation is “obliged to refrain from acts which would defeat the object and purpose of the treaty.” In other words, the Constitution notwithstanding, once a presidential administration signs or otherwise signals assent to the terms of an international agreement, the United States must consider itself bound – even though the Senate has not approved it, even though it has not been ratified. If a subsequent president wants to get the United States out from under this counter-constitutional strait-jacket, it is not enough merely to refrain from submitting the treaty to the Senate. The later president must take an affirmative action that withdraws the prior president’s assent. That is why Trump cannot not just ignore the Paris agreement; he needs to openly and notoriously pull out of it.[snip] How does that square with the Constitution? Wrong question. The right one, apparently, is: Who needs the Constitution when you have the State Department? That bastion of transnational progressives advises that, despite the lack of ratification under our Constitution, “many” of the treaty on treaties’ provisions are binding as -- what else? -- “customary international law.” President Trump is taking a significant step in removing the United States from the Paris agreement. But the step should not be significant, or politically fraught, at all. President Obama’s eleventh-hour consent to the agreement’s terms should have been nothing more consequential than symbolic pom-pom waving at his fellow climate alarmists. It should have had no legal ramifications.
The most amazing thing about this election is how the curtains have been drawn back and we see people for what they really are. I have never seen anything like it. Most of the political class thrives on deception and role-playing. For some reason, President Trump causes them to blurt out revealing comments and take actions, which reveal who they really are. It's almost like they can't help it. National Review and The Weekly Standard could have simply talked about policy and critiqued some of Trump's platform without anyone thinking a thing about it. Instead, they went all in with mocking and demonizing him and continue to do so today. Why did they do that? What keeps Ben Sasse and Paul Ryan posing as virtuous nebbishes who look down on their own voters? Why does John McCain tour the world like some second rate Bond villain, making snarky comments about the President and hanging out with dubious foreign characters? The democrats are in an even worse position, because they have been revealed not only as elitists but as completely insane. I don't care whether we are talking about Hillary, or Tom Perez, or Debbie Wasserman-Schultz; they come off as completely unhinged. It's the most amazing thing in politics I have ever seen.
The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed, 69-year-old lady is so desperate to keep her self-image alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition. Her longtime loyalists are so happy to bustle around her in the service of maintaining the illusion that, after she takes an hour away from it all to exercise, her communications director, Nick Merrill, breathlessly updates her on everything that’s happened in the political world in the last threescore ticks of the minute hand. Her profiler, Rebecca Traister of New York magazine, obviously a great admirer but one who declines to throw herself overboard from reality for the sake of giving Hillary more company bobbing about in the sea of fancy, writes that Clinton “listens to the barrage of updates, nodding like a person whose job requires her to be up-to-date on what’s happening, even though it does not.” Ouch. Hillary Rodham Clinton isn’t merely in a state of denial. She has become Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense. Politically speaking, she is dead, but she doesn’t know it. Her staffers are so many Haley Joel Osments -- too kind (and too attached to their salaries) to tell her that her career is over. She doesn’t need briefings. She doesn’t need to do interviews. She doesn’t need to write the book she is writing (after so many indigestible volumes, why bother with one more?). She doesn’t need to stake out a politically nuanced position on James Comey’s firing or scramble to get out in front of the Resistance parade. She lost two exceedingly winnable presidential campaigns in Hindenburgian fashion. There is no demand for her to run again and there is nothing left for her except to receive whatever ceremonial honors and sinecures may come her way. She has been handed her political retirement papers by the American people. She’s done.
With his incredible wrestling, speed and power, Cormier is a stylistic matchup nightmare for anyone at heavyweight in the UFC. Yes, he’s not the tallest guy for the division, but he makes up for his lack of size by being fast and super athletic, and if he drops to light heavyweight like he’s said he’s been contemplating, I’m afraid that the weight cut would take too much of a toll on him and he won’t be as effective. Either way, of all the Stirkeforce champs, I believe that Cormier has the best chance to win a UFC title, and even if he doesn’t, he’ll beat most guys in the top 10 of the heavyweight division.
But it takes more than talent to ignite this once fiery rivalry. As Mike Vaccaro wrote in his New York Post article, they are missing a necessary four letter word; hate. Hate is what drove this rivalry from good to great, from “exciting” baseball to “must watch” baseball. We need to see more hate. We need Aaron Judge to get into a fight with Sandy Leon after being intentionally throw at by Drew Pomeranz. We need Clint Frazier to slap the ball out of Rick Porcello’s hand in the late innings of a playoff game. We need Chris Sale to shove Tony Pena to the ground in the middle of a benches clearing brawl. We need boos and f*ck you’s. You take all of that and combine it with game changing plays, intense divisional matches, and all-or-nothing playoff scenarios, and you will see the fire return. This is what Boston and New York fans have been waiting for. Just show us a little hate coupled with competitive baseball and we’ll take care of the rest. We’ve been itching for this.
ROCHESTER - U.S. Senate candidate Al Franken took the DFL endorsement by acclamation on Saturday, after a day of questions, speeches and fretting by some activists over whether the controversial satirist can wage a focused campaign to unseat Republican U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman. After being publicly and privately urged to do so, Franken tackled the issue of his sometimes sexually explicit humor head on, with the outright apology that many had been waiting for. "It kills me that things I said and wrote sent a message ... that they can't count on me to be a champion for women, for all Minnesotans. I'm sorry for that. Because that's not who I am," Franken told delegates. Franken acknowledged that in his often edgy career as a comedian. "I wrote a lot of jokes. Some of them weren't funny. Some of them weren't appropriate. Some of them were downright offensive. I understand that." Franken then turned attention to Coleman, saying that "there are some people in Washington who could afford to feel a little less comfortable." Drawing on his strength as an acerbic critic of Republicans, Franken said that he would "stand up to Norm Coleman in a way he's never been stood up to before." In the end, DFLers agreed with Franken and were preparing to endorse him on the first ballot when Franken's rival, Jack Nelson-Pallmeyer withdrew. Franken had garnered nearly 62 percent of the votes, slightly more than needed for endorsement. Franken said he accepted endorsement in a "spirit of tremendous gratitude and tremendous humility" and would dedicate himself to the tasks of securing universal health care, leveling the economic playing field, improving educational opportunities and withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq.
"We have a lot of work to do together," he told cheering delegates. "We're going to canvass until our feet hurt, and when our feet hurt, we'll pick up the phone. ... We're going to do it because five million Minnesotans need a voice in Washington and they don't have one in Norm Coleman." In a passionate acceptance speech, Franken said he offered the combined ability to take Coleman to task while laying out a hopeful vision that would propel Democrats to reclaim the Senate seat once held by DFL icon Paul Wellstone. Republicans ready Republicans were ready with a line of attack that pegged Franken as their "dream candidate." State Republican chairman Ron Carey said that Minnesotans would not be fooled by what he called an "eleventh-hour apology made out of political necessity." Carey hinted broadly that the GOP would have additional revelations about Franken, who has taken a pounding in recent weeks for tax problems and for his often profane style of humor. Franken said that further broadsides against him reflected an effort by Republicans to make the race "about anything but Norm Coleman's record." Franken came into the convention on Friday dogged by controversy over a soft-porn parody written for Playboy in 2000 and an earlier skit involving an imagined rape that he once pitched during his "Saturday Night Live" days. Some Nelson-Pallmeyer supporters took defeat hard. As Nelson-Pallmeyer gave a concession speech Saturday, a young supporter wearing a green-and-white campaign shirt and a headset stood in the back of the hall, accepted hugs and cried slightly. She raised her hands high above her head as Nelson-Pallmeyer finished speaking. Asked by a reporter whether she could comment on the defeat she bowed her head. "I'd rather not, I'm sorry," she said. Speaking to reporters shortly after endorsement, Franken again acknowledged that he wasn't "a perfect person." The coming campaign, he said, should revolve around the issues that matter to Minnesotans. But few expected that Franken will be able to avoid continuing attacks on past writings that some have found demeaning to women. State Rep. Nora Slawik, a delegate and early supporter, wondered aloud whether voters would be as forgiving of Franken as party activists.
MCE investigators hypothesized that the clinical effects of lowering serum cholesterol would take substantial time to manifest and thus placed special emphasis on the subgroup of participants exposed to the study diets for a year or more. 6 15 19 20 MCE investigators chose not to measure serum cholesterol in the whole sample of participants exposed to diets for less than a year because they “remained in the hospital for too short a time to contribute significantly to the results.” 15 Based on recovered data, 2403 MCE participants were exposed to study diets for a year or more. We recovered longitudinal data on serum total cholesterol for 2355 (98%) of these participants. In addition to pre-randomization measures, participants had an average of six follow-up measurements of serum cholesterol.
The Razorbacks kept possession of the ball in 2OT and took just three plays to punch it in. From three yards out Kody Walker ran it up the gut to put the Hogs back on top.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said his son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Afterwards the laughing star took the incident in her stride, saying it was not the first time she had been caught out on live television.
Prognosis: Wan blew us away (and rocked the box office) with The Conjuring, so we're excited to see what might be his last foray into horror. Wan promises Insidious 2 takes it to "a whole other crazy disturbing level." Fingers crossed.
The one on the top navigation will simply take you directly to The Secular Buddhist FB page without having to become a fan.
These two remain tied for our 10th spot. The GOP got some good news and bad news in the last month as top potential recruit Rep. Mike Rogers opted not to run but former secretary of state Terri Lynn Land jumped in the race. Republicans at least have a statewide winner on the ballot against Rep. Gary Peters (D), left. As for Georgia, Democrats are still waiting on Michelle Nunn to get in, and the crowded GOP primary field has yet to really take shape. Both remain uphill climbs for the opposition party. (Previous ranking: 10)
10. Georgia (Republican-controlled)/Michigan (Democratic-controlled) (tie) These two remain tied for our 10th spot. The GOP got some good news and bad news in the last month as top potential recruit Rep. Mike Rogers opted not to run but former secretary of state Terri Lynn Land jumped in the race. Republicans at least have a statewide winner on the ballot against Rep. Gary Peters (D), left. As for Georgia, Democrats are still waiting on Michelle Nunn to get in, and the crowded GOP primary field has yet to really take shape. Both remain uphill climbs for the opposition party. (Previous ranking: 10) Carlos Osorio/AP
Rising above the din are 13 economists and legal experts from top universities — Berkeley, University of Chicago, U.C. Davis, Harvard, MIT, Stanford and Yale — who published their take in this week’s issue of the journal Science.
Overall, the plan is positive and “an important step for national climate change policy,” Berkeley professor Meredith Fowlie, one of three lead authors, tells NBCNews.com. It can be made more cost effective, the professors said, if states work together in regional carbon trading programs, or even a national program, where states heavy on carbon can pay states low on carbon to take some of their emissions. In the long run, this cap-and-trade system can bring emissions down across the country, the experts said.
Urban designer Howard Blackson said a “nutty lady” pulled a knife on him once, but he said the park is better than before: “It’s OK to not mindlessly booster our city because we’re confident enough to take criticism and use it to make improvements.”
“Bringing back the games and bringing back water fountain play days, coloring stations, the fit program, we're going to reengage on a daily basis,” Brewer said. “I definitely think people we've spoken to and even some of the different organizations that plan events — it’s really been a success. These types of spaces take some time to develop.”
Horton Plaza (the grassy park around the fountain) has a long and storied history. It opened soon after Alonzo Horton opened his Horton House hotel in 1870 and took its current form in 1910, when the U.S. Grant Hotel opened on the site of Horton House. Gill designed the park layout as well as the fountain.
"Yeah, that's something we definitely take pride in (making the opposing quarterback uncomfortable) and have to do a better job of. Clearly it wasn't enough last game," Jordan said. "Zero sacks, a couple hurries, some pressures, but not enough to really make the quarterback worried about what we're doing and where we are."
The photos were taken by a company called DigitalGlobe. Based in Longmont, Colo., they take high-resolution satellite photos across the world.
“Obviously, we will take into consideration the configuration and activity of the NATO forces at the Russian borders in our military planning, and will take all that is necessary to reliably provide security and to ensure safety against any threats,” envoy Alexander Grushko told Interfax.
I don’t think there was any racism until Obama got elected. We never had problems like this … If you’re black and you haven’t been successful in the last 50 years, it’s your own fault. You’ve had every opportunity, it was given to you. You’ve had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn’t have. You had all the advantages and didn’t take advantage of it. It’s not our fault, certainly.
Now you know why Pope Francis pushes so very hard for “all the world” to take in these illegal Muslim migrants. He’s getting paid millions to do it. Someone once said that when something doesn’t make sense, there’s a buck in it. In this case, there were 79 million of them.
Several recent news items on Enceladus have me wanting to catch up with mission possibilities and the instruments that will drive them. NASA’s thinking in that direction takes in a remote sensing instrument called SELFI, an acronym standing for Submillimeter Enceladus Life Fundamentals Instrument. The plan here is to examine the chemical composition of the plumes of water vapor and icy particles that are regularly lofted into space from Enceladus’ south pole, in the region we’ve come to know as the ‘tiger stripes.’
The house is to be built using metal columns, plasterboard panels, concrete and wooden flooring, and floor-to-ceiling windows. It takes the concept of the tree house to the extreme by fully enveloping a living tree. The home’s staircases wind around the tree it as it were the central pillar of a tower. Scheduled for completion in 2014, the daylit house provides its inhabitant with his own private piece of the forest.
My name is Alex Blumberg, and this is my Brief But Spectacular take on good tape.
Bateman went on to say that he is uncertain why it took the project so long to get off the ground, adding: "It is embarrassing. We are embarrassed."
Considering how many times the work of Stephen King has been adapted for film and TV over the past 40 years, it may seem surprising that it's taken this long for The Dark Tower to make the jump. As can happen with some titles, The Dark Tower has been through various filmmakers' hands and studios in the past decade alone; in 2007, a film adaptation was going to be directed by J.J. Abrams and written by Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof of Lost, and a few years after that, Ron Howard was going to take the helm. The just-released feature film, directed by Nikolaj Arcel, suggests this much, unfortunately: The Dark Tower may not work as a movie.
A Russian Bear H incursion in Asia took place in in July 2013 when two Tu-95s were intercepted by Japanese and South Korean jets near the Korean peninsula and Japan’s northern Hokkaido Island.
In a historic first for Samoa, representatives of media outlets took part in a workshop to discuss fair and accurate reporting on Fa’afafine, Fa’afatama and LGBTIQ issues. Such a meeting, hosted by Samoa Fa’afafine Association, was “long overdue,” facilitator Vaitoa Toelupe was quoted as saying, and the need for it had become evident after in June last year a national newspaper published a photograph of Jeanine Tuivaiki on its front page, and repeatedly misgendered her while reporting on her death.
This week, bisexual people from around the world took to Twitter to share photos of themselves and their stories under the trending hashtag #BiTwitter.
After publishing the main book, she followed it up with a smaller set of images she calls Tactile Atelier Bookmark. Referring to her picture of a woman’s posterior with panties on, which you can see below, Murphy said, “The butt was really hard to sculpt. I wanted to get it nice and even and give it a feminine softness so it would actually feel like a woman’s butt. It took me days to sculpt all the curves right, but I’m told it does feel like a woman’s butt in a G-string.”
On Iran, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney suggested that the U.S. government should make it “very clear that the United States of America is willing, in the final analysis, if necessary, to take military action to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.” Little did Romney realize that the AP is the final arbiter of America’s tactical military capabilities and can say with certainty that a military attack on Iran’s nuclear program should not be attempted. “The U.S. certainly has military force readily at hand to destroy Iran’s known nuclear development sites in short order. This is highly unlikely, however, because of the strategic calculation that an attack would be counterproductive and ultimately ineffective, spawning retaliation against U.S. allies and forces in the region, and merely delaying eventual nuclear weapons development.” Also fortunate for the savvy news consumer, the AP apparently has a better grasp of what America’s intelligence agencies do and do not know than Newt Gingrich, a man who used to be third in line for the presidency and has received countless classified intelligence briefings. At the debate, Gingrich suggested that there was room for improvement at America’s intelligence agencies, and noted in particular that we don’t have a reliable intelligence operation in Pakistan. The AP sprang to the defense of the CIA: “The U.S. killing of a succession of al Qaeda figures in Pakistan, none more prized by America than Osama bin Laden, demonstrates that the United States indeed gets vital and reliable intelligence out of Pakistan. While it may have been true when Gingrich left government in 1999 that the CIA’s spy network was limited, since 2001 the agency has dramatically expanded its on-the-ground operations worldwide,” the AP “fact check” concluded. The fact that bin Laden, the most wanted man on the planet, was living in a compound in Pakistan possibly for years may seem like a sign that our intelligence sources in the country leave something to be desired—but guess again, Newt.
The same negative media dynamic against Right-leaning messages is in effect outside of campaigns as well. In July of 2013, the conservative group Americans for Prosperity, a non-profit closely aligned with activist billionaires Charles and David Koch, announced it was going to spend $1 million to air a television ad across Ohio and Virginia criticizing the Obamacare health law. The ad was professionally done and could have been convincing to some people—if only it had not been denounced by legions of Left-leaning media types who took great exception to it.
Holtby had an all-around solid 2012 season. After being thrust into a 2011 playoff series versus the Rangers, he took over the reigns as the starting goalie in D.C. Holtby has the potential to shoot up the rankings this season.
Elliot took over for Jaroslav Halak as the starting goalie in St. Louis due to an injury. Coming off of a Jennings trophy the season prior, the goaltending for the Blues took a big hit. Elliot had a decent performance, but it’s not close to his 2011 season. If he can get back to playing that way, he will earn his nineteenth slot on this list.
Once I went vegan, and dedicated myself to becoming a solid, vegan home cook, I learned to love cooking with the flexible, chameleon-like bean curd filled with protein, calcium and iron. Here’s my laywoman’s take on preparing tofu.
Then you take it from there. I have tried things like miso with date syrup and pumpkin. Tuesday I made this:
So in this case, it’s easy: I denounce British values. They do not apply to me whatsoever. They don’t apply to anyone I know, quite possibly to anyone I’ve ever met. I want the institutions which define them to be constitutionally separated from the state that I take part in electing at the ballot box, and the people of the country that I live in to be sovereign. I have a fantastic opportunity to help that happen soon by voting Yes. But say the Daily Mail definition isn’t correct, and like Alistair Campbell claims, these are the wrong British values, then still all that we’re left with are those platitudes of the careerist politicians frightened for their Westminster salaries and second homes. We have a choice between a highly authoritarian cult of the elite and screeds of nicey-nicey nothingness. And I denounce those British values too. I denounce the British values of ‘common decency’ and ‘fair play’ when they are used in this context to say absolutely nothing and serve only to get in the way of what is actually at stake in the world. I certainly don’t hate Britain, but it makes some kind of sense to me if this means that I don’t have a British identity – and so be it.
Those values don’t belong to a creed or a nation and without being in any way prescriptive they apply to me in a very practical manner. They have guided a great deal of what I have done in my adult life, and I found it surprisingly easy to just detail what they were. Although I’ve always played about with Scottish imagery, and you’d certainly never hear me say that I enjoyed seeing Gascoigne scoring against the international football team I support, Scotland, I’ve never written anything that could be called nationalistic because I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing so, it’s not me, and it doesn’t fit with those values I’ve had since I was a wide-eyed wee boy just trying to make as much noise as I could. I intend to vote Yes and I am not a nationalist. Furthermore, and it may sound odd in a climate where even every No campaigner is clamouring to drape themselves in the Saltire, I would not even describe myself as particularly patriotic. I love and feel a deep connection to a great deal of Scottish culture, I am proud to take part in it in my own small way, it burns at me when our culture is denigrated, but I can also think of many things that us Scots should collectively be thoroughly ashamed of (sectarianism and an odd and prevailing sort of pride in our violence and our alcoholism spring to mind). I also feel a connection to English culture. Just like a famous German Jew who lived in London once did, I can try to lend weight to the argument I’m eventually going to make here by quoting Shakespeare on money (“Thou common whore of mankind, that put’st odds / Among the rout of nations”) and feel I’m pulling from a shared cultural understanding in doing so. I just think that the best way that this particular piece of the world can be governed is if the people that live here have the ultimate say on it.
In statement released to the Andrews County News, Andrews Superintendent Bobby Azam said “Andrews ISD cannot comment on individual student or personal matters. However, as always, the district’s primary purpose is the safety and security of all AISD students, faculty and staff. Therefore, the district will continue to take appropriate actions to ensure their safety and well being.”
“This is a case where the creator takes a video, makes money from it and doesn’t pay a penny [to the owner],” she said in her opening statements. “Without these videos, his show wouldn’t even exist.”
What’s more is that when angry YouTubers tried to game SoFlo at his own pirating mastery, on Facebook no less, Facebook flagged the fake page, took it down and reallocated the views accumulated from that fake page to SoFlo’s authenticated fan page, according to one creator H3 Productions. Backwards? Seems so.
SPICER: No, that’s — it’s not a question of wait until the fall. I think there’s a lot of things that have to happen. It’s like any construction. Well, you’ve got to start doing some planning and things. And, so, we will take the first steps now and then we will continue to seek funding through the FY18 and further budgets to make sure that the actual — it is completed.
There are a series of interesting articles covering her book and her opinions: The Anti-Bono (NY Times) Aid dependency blights Africa. The cure is in the credit crisis. (Independent) The road to ruin (Guardian) Everybody knows it does not work (Guardian)More here Of course the aid "industry" has reacted. But barely. As of today, a Google search only shows two articles: A half-assed reply by the co-founder of "One" in the Financial Times, and a more relativating answer by the CEO of SOS Children UK.Another half assed answer by Oxfam Dambisa clarifies in one article:My response, as an aid worker, is this:If one limits the discussion only to aid given to a government (bilateral or via IMF/Worldbank), we are limiting the discussion too much. Weneed to question any form of aid. Even though aid given to government institutions is an obvious (and easy) target of criticism.But also humanitarian aid, emergency aid, should be looked at. Why, after decennia of foreign aid, is the West still crawling over each other to provide relief in cases of natural disasters? What is done to institutionally ensure these countries (which are always the same, by the way), can (mostly) take care of their own disaster response?It is clear that traditional aid does not work. And has never worked. Otherwise aid organisations would have been able to prove at least some progress in countries like Somalia, Ethiopia, DRC, Afghanistan,...If it took us 40-50 years to come to that conclusion, so be it. A pity of the money wasted, but at least let's start changing the mechanics now.Aid has been a self-fulfilling and self-fueling economic mechanism. I have always said there are three markets in the world economy: the official market, the black market and the aid market.All three keep the world economy turning. Unfortunately mostly the "first world economy". Here is how I see it work:- Too many donor governments are all too happy to channel foreign aid through whatever means. After all, they need to look good on the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) performance scale. And it is good for public opinion. Helps get people re-elected.- Too many aid organisations are all too happy to transform that donor money into projects. After all, they need to sustain themselves. No, or hardly ANY aid agency will turn down money from a donor. No matter how ridiculous or un-needed the targets are (hats off to MSF for refusing more Tsunami aid two weeks after the disaster , stating they had sufficient funding. Which aid agency would have the courage to do that?)- So one loves to give, the other loves to accept. All happy-happy.- Foreign "aid" as such is an industry by itself. It employs people, it keeps "the economy" running. But whose economy?No surprise a lot, if not most, of the goods procured by aid organisations is produced in "the West". Many services are procured from companies in "the West". In this aspect, not much difference between "a war in Iraq" and "foreign aid", is there? Both are wagging the dog of 'our economy'.- Foreign "aid" has been targeting mostly countries a donor country had a political, economical or military connection with. "Aid" was just a way of keeping government counterparts happy. No matter if the aid was effective or not. It kept the targeted country as an ally. We got cheap resources from them, or they did not 'fall' into the hands of the communists, or more recently in the hands of the islamists.For the 'west', it has always been best if a developing country sitting on a lot of natural resources (oil, diamonds, gold, minerals) was unstable.It was a way to get those resources cheaply. During the Angola civil war, their oil was sold for many years in advance, only to keep the cost of war going.Look around you: which countries have gone through the most devastating levels of poverty and civil war? Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, DRC, Somalia, Sudan... I bet you if we make a top 10 list of the countries (in the world) with the longest civil wars, and you tick those with abundant natural resources, you would be surprised of the correlation.OK, I will relativate: natural resources or a country's strategic (political, religious or geographical) position.. Should cover all on the top 10, top 20 list.So if aid would have been effective, and would have brought peace, prosperity or stability, in what way would it not have been decremental to the Western Economy? God forgive if a country like that would become an economical power. An independent political entity with its own mind. Gosh, think what that would have done to the political position of the powers-that-be?- I agree with Dambisa: government to government aid does not work. As electorate, we should hold our governments accountable to give us real and verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Worldbank aid does not work. Same thing: Show us verifiable figures of effectiveness.- Effectiveness of aid in no matter what shape or form, should be measurable along the same criteria. Criteria should include clear and concrete targets from the onset, and measures of achievement. Aid should measured by the effectiveness for the individuals targeted, not by the effectiveness for institutions (which can not be measured).- Any aid organisation, any humanitarian organisation should work on a voluntary funding basis. No guaranteed annual funding. Funding per project. You don't perform? Next time you don't get funding anymore. Worldbank the first to start.- Aid, any aid, should be audited by external bodies. Objective figures should be provided for overhead.- Aid, any aid, should be governed by the same measures of governance quality as the commercial market (as long as it is not the US-standards of governance. We all saw where that one brought us).Why don't we apply ISO-9002 to aid? Let's make an ISO standard for aid. After all we spent trillions on aid. And it our money. Us, tax payers, need to know. We cry foul when we see the government wasting money on ineffective road building or useless prestige projects, but don't cry foul when we pour billions over the 'poor'? Because we get soft hearted when seeing children crying on TV? Think what you do to that child to ensure it stops crying the next year. And the year after. And the year after.OkayOkayOkay. I am getting off my soapbox now.
KOSOVO PROFILE Population about two million Majority ethnic Albanian; 10% Serb Under UN control since Nato drove out Serb forces in 1999 2,000-strong EU staff to take over from UN after independence Nato to stay to provide security
Besides the intellectual challenge, you may also find it improves your coding skills and language knowledge. Of course, you won’t want to take the obfuscating code-shortening techniques back into your professional environment, but other aspects of golf coding concern the use of appropriate algorithms, and knowledge of the available features of your programming language. You’ll find code golfing to be good programming exercise!
Try replacing S(7,1) with S(8,1). It will take longer but draw a bigger picture.
“There is no rational reason to take away someone’s voting rights because they committed a crime,” Holder said at a conference at Georgetown University. When laws prevent people from voting, Holder said, the country falls “short of the bedrock promise of equal opportunity and equal justice.”
Indeed, it’s often the case that people who’ve had NDEs are afraid of being ridiculed or disbelieved. Some who’ve reported an NDE have been misdiagnosed as having a psychiatric illness — often post-traumatic stress. And I know of one woman who was told she had unresolved emotional conflicts and ordered to take tranquilisers.
If you are going to argue about racism in this thread, just don't. It is a pointless argument that merits no valuable discussion whatsoever. If people truly feel so strongly about it, then take it to PMs. Do not muck up this thread with racism arguments.
Kim Phan: Well, first of all we took a look at all the years and what people liked and the StarCraft community is so amazing—from the players, to the influencers, just everyone involved is very vocal about StarCraft and is very passionate about it, so we hear a lot of feedback—and it’s great to be able to receive so many thoughts and a lot of that is taken into account, when we make changes.
The thing that we saw in 2015 was that it was very difficult for a professional player to really stand out and to get noticed in a system where there were a lot of players from Korea in this space. You know, Korea has just always been a very dominant and fierce country when it comes to eSports—they’re just so, so good. And there probably aren’t enough tournaments out there to really accommodate all their skill. So what we saw was not enough growth in other regions, because there weren’t enough moments where we saw—for example in Krakow last year for the Season 3 finals—a moment that was like ‘wow, this is amazing, look at the Polish crowd cheer on MaNa in the finals and there is Lilbow as well’ and it’s just so great to see that energy and to see local heroes shine and these players played really, really well, they took out Hydra and Polt. So how do you cultivate that? I think that influenced a lot of our changes and that is why we decided to go the route of two different ranking systems.
Kim Phan: I think every time you introduce change it takes a while for people to form a decision about it. And I will admit we changed WCS year after year, it’s always been different and the community has been very patient in letting us try things and giving feedback. So I can see why it may be challenging when you are really invested into one format and then another change happens. But we really want to do it right and create a system that can continue and be easy to follow, and so we continue to make improvements. And I think we just expect there to be different voices. We are trying to make sure we are doing what’s best for StarCraft and what’s best for the players.
I was watching a drama recently where they had a scene that took place in a PC Bang in 1999 and everyone was playing StarCraft. Made me kinda sad when I think about going there now and it's all League and other random games. @Drayxs | Drayxs.221 | Drayxs#1802
And the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign? I am still waiting for the win he was training forThis Karma thing is gorgeousAnd the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign? I imagine France should be able to take this unless Lilbow is busy practicing for Starcraft III. | KadaverBB is my fairy ban mother.
Not sure what happened with ATC. Also all the attempts failed on the foreign side. I remember TB(Clan Wars) saying that teams were always late(e.g. http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/starcraft-2/496820-foreign-sc2-doesnt-need-wcs-it-needs-a-proleague?page=2#37 Not sure what happened with ATC. I imagine France should be able to take this unless Lilbow is busy practicing for Starcraft III. | KadaverBB is my fairy ban mother.
I think he mentioned EG being late, not caring about training on specific maps and other interesting stuff. But I may be wrong, it was a long time I think he mentioned EG being late, not caring about training on specific maps and other interesting stuff. But I may be wrong, it was a long time I imagine France should be able to take this unless Lilbow is busy practicing for Starcraft III. | KadaverBB is my fairy ban mother.
Please Note: This item will take 2-3 weeks to ship
Or is it? Let’s take another look. Actually, these photos are nothing more than cunningly framed selfies! But how did he do it alone?
▼Now this is how it’s done as a single-person selfie! Pshaw, who needs a relationship anyway. This guy’s “lover” is his own right hand. While his right hand acts the part of “girlfriend”, his left presses the button on his smartphone to take the picture.
▼Pro tip: it’s best to add a retro filter, or take the picture in cutesy Instagram style to make it a real “girlfriend” pic. There are tons of smartphone apps that will make your pic super-cute!
"Today's verdict does not bring Glen back, but we do take some comfort knowing that justice has been done."
The first one happened on Feb. 2, the day after Georgia’s voter registration deadline. The next one took place just days before the SEC primary. Another occurred in May, the day before the general primary, and then two more took place in November, the day before and the day of the presidential election.
"We just need to ask the new administration to take a look at this and make sure that we get the truth the people of Georgia are deserving to know that and really demanding it,” Kemp said.
A whistleblower claiming to have been privy to text messages exchanged between ACU Strategic Partners official, Alex Copson, and then-incoming National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, appears to have been lying. Flynn had reportedly told Copson that sanctions against Russia would be “ripped up,” in an effort to boost relations between Washington and Moscow. According to AT&T phone records, the conversation did not take place as the whistleblower claims.
“For games, but really for anything you buy today, you need to be able to take it out of the box and play it,” said John Frascotti, Hasbro’s chief marketing officer. “You’re not ensconced in the rulebook.”
“People were saying, ‘It takes me a while to get to own properties,’ ” Ms. Ritson-Parsons said. “Well, it’s going to if you don’t auction it.”
“It takes away from the aspect of interpersonal negotiations if you have an electronic voice in the middle of the board telling you everything to do,” said Dale Crabtree, a finalist in the national Monopoly championships in 2009. “The first thing I said was, ‘The next thing they’ll do away with is the players.’ ”
The following community events will take place in the city of New Bedford during the month of December in celebration of the holiday season:
Date and Time: Ten performances will take place over two weekends.
Speculation is often thrown around about what kind of hidden gems are lurking at the Nike campus in Beaverton, OR. This inside look at CEO Mark Parker's office should give you a give idea of just what sort of crazy Nike memorabilia and history is housed at the Nike headquarters. Parker's office is jam packed with a frenzied collection of art and shoes that manifests all of the various influences and iterations of the Nike lineage. Unreleased samples, one off promo materials, and classic models are found in the various nooks of the room alongside sculptures and scraps of the Nike story. This baffling gallery of photos really shows how much the business heads at Nike stay grounded in the company's roots of innovative design. Continue reading to take a look at the rest of this photo set, and then head over to Whitewall to read their interview with Mark Parker. via: fubiz
The Communist Tendency has correctly described the latest Greek offer as a new “Memorandum” and urged “members of parliament, officers and members of SYRIZA and all other trends and components to take a clear position and to resist the flagrant breach of popular mandate from the government and the party leadership. The party's MPs should commit to vote against the Memorandum agreement.” (Link)
While it seems obvious that an ocean deprived of oxygen is a bad thing, let’s break it down real quick: Almost everything in the ocean depends on the oxygen in the water to survive. Of course, there are a few things that don’t–whales, dolphins, turtles, and other creatures that surface to breathe–but for the most part, everything takes oxygen from the water. If those things die, that’s a pretty massive big ball rolling towards everything else being dead.
So how does climate change affect the ocean? Well, the ocean is warming up, and a warm ocean doesn’t take in as much oxygen from the atmosphere, for starters. There’s the whole sea level rising issue, which is just way too big to go into here. But possibly the most concerning part of the whole thing has to do with phytoplankton, which are one of the smallest, most prolific, and really fucking important creatures on earth. If you believe National Geographic, “fish, whales, dolphins, crabs, seabirds, and just about everything else that makes a living in or off of the oceans owe their existence to phytoplankton, one-celled plants that live at the ocean surface. Phytoplankton are at the base of what scientists refer to as oceanic biological productivity, the ability of a water body to support life such as plants, fish, and wildlife.”
My new relationship with food started out of necessity. After a bad go with narcolepsy meds, I found myself unable to take big pharm meds anymore. Everything gave me terrible side effects, even over the counter meds. I wasn’t quite sure what to do and I stumbled on a TedX talk by Dr. Terry Wahls. She had pushed her MS (multiple sclerosis) into remission with just food. She did a lot of research on her own on pub med, in hopes of getting out of the zero gravity wheelchair she’d ended up in, despite the best doctors and treatments. She found certain foods reinforce the mitochondria in the brain (which is where MS and Parkinson’s come from – I think nocturnal myoclonus (now called PLMD) is similar to that as I was given an anti-seizure med (Klonopin) for it in the 90s.) Now here’s this lady, who went from a zero gravity wheelchair to a bicycle in six months. I was hooked. I thought, what’s the worst that can happen? I eat? Done. If you would like to watch this inspiring vid, it was life changing for me:
I shop at 3 different grocery stores – Costco (big box), Sprouts (local produce) and Vons (mostly for my kid’s food). They take center stage in 3 columns. I have some things I get on Amazon, at the Indian Market and the Dispensary, but not every week, that are off to the side. They’re organized on the list in the order that I walk through the store. Sometimes I miss something and have to go back but, having the list laid out in the order you walk the store, cuts down on the brain fog that can leave you walking back and forth across the store several times.
Please take a moment to fill out our survey at this link: http://goo.gl/forms/J3bdXYAywI
I am beginning with Trix because, regardless of how unstoppably scary it was, people would still shake their heads and point at the possibilities where the deck could betray its evil master. They desperately, and in most cases laughably, tried to build against perceived inefficiencies. For the most part, they failed. What if the opponent has an Erase when Illusions of Grandeur is on the stack? What if there is an Elvish Lyrist or Seal of Cleansing already in play? You will take 20 points before your 20 free points resolve! Hoodwink? Really? What if the opponent has but a simple Spike Feeder? You'll have to go through it all over again... Then again you should have 20 extra life points to fuel your Necropotence, but that's not the point. The most legitimate criticism of the deck was simply that Trix could lose to a bad Consult. Demonic Consultation was conditionally dangerous, and I have seen some of the best players in the world deck themselves on turn 3 and pull their hair out afterward. But you know what?
Many Rakdos mages in Charleston made the same choice, and they for the most part said that the combination just didn't come up. Were they aware of the danger? Of course they were! Patrick Sullivan once flipped his Hit // Run and was forced to Hit his own Maher in order to preserve any chance to win the game... which he did. Even given the danger of the interaction, the ability to take out Simic Sky Swallower and punish his master for a couple of extra points (like, say, half his remaining life total) was too much to pass up for a risk that was never going to punish Terry or the others anyway.
No one is saying you leave in Hit // Run against Ghazi-Glare... But it proved a fine spell in the main, and let's remember Terry had probably the best overall Swiss record of the largest Pro Tour in history! In fact, it is all the little things, like bravely playing two seemingly disparate spells next to one another to form a more powerful deck that can sometimes give you the edge you need to succeed in tournament trials. Anyone can win a blowout, and most people know how to take advantage of a manascrew, but it is the little things that often draw the line between early exit and tournament victory. This article is dedicated to discussing some of those small elements and explaining why they make sense in the current Standard format.
Hemingway left cottage country a few months later, but, rather than returning to Toronto, he took up residence in an apartment in Chicago while still writing weekly features for the Star. In a piece dated November 6, 1920, Hemingway draws a number of comparisons between wild and bustling Chicago, and pious, soporific Toronto.
In Chicago, Hemingway would meet his first wife, Hadley Richardson. After marrying her in September 1921, he took a position as a foreign correspondent for the Star in Europe. He was enchanted by Paris, and his first literary work, Three Stories and Ten Poems, was well-received by the city’s expatriate artistic community, including one of the era’s greatest literary lights, Ezra Pound. But Hemingway was offered a position with the daily edition of the Star, and Hadley was pregnant with the couple’s first child. Toronto doctors had a reputation for delivering babies safely, and Hemingway was exhausted by his travel schedule as a foreign correspondent. Moving back to Toronto was the logical thing to do.
I think that’s everything for now. Oh, if you haven’t, please go vote on my new tagline. It’ll only take a second and be really helpful.
Reggio stated that the Qatsi films are intended to simply create an experience and that "it is up [to] the viewer to take for himself/herself what it is that [the film] means." He also said that "these films have never been about the effect of technology, of industry on people. It's been that everyone: politics, education, things of the financial structure, the nation state structure, language, the culture, religion, all of that exists within the host of technology. So it's not the effect of, it's that everything exists within [technology]. It's not that we use technology, we live technology. Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe ..."[3] According to Hopi Dictionary: Hopìikwa Lavàytutuveni, the Hopi word koyaanisqatsi ( Hopi pronunciation: [kojɑːnisˈkɑtsi]) is defined as "life of moral corruption and turmoil" or "life out of balance". The prefix koyaanis– means "corrupted" or "chaotic", and the word qatsi means "life" or "existence", literally translating koyaanisqatsi as "chaotic life". The film also defines the word as "crazy life", "life in turmoil", "life disintegrating", and "a state of life that calls for another way of living".[28] In the score by Philip Glass, the word "Koyaanisqatsi" is chanted at the beginning and end of the film in an "otherworldly"[29] dark, sepulchral basso profondo by singer Albert de Ruiter over a solemn, four-bar organ-passacaglia bassline. Three Hopi prophecies sung by a choral ensemble during the latter part of the "Prophecies" movement are translated just prior to the end credits: "If we dig precious things from the land, we will invite disaster."
There have been other, less subtle signals which police officers have no doubt caught wind of. They’ve had to watch a very public and embarrassing battle take place in the press as elected legislators battled over a painting hanging within a stone’s throw of the halls where Congress meets. It’s a piece of “art” which depicts police officers as pigs who are oppressing African American residents in Ferguson.
119th day of interrupted sleep 48 times a day, about 20 people took part in an EMERGENCY PROTEST so-called “security/welfare checks” On Nov 30th, theof interrupted sleep 48 times a day, about 20 people took part in anat CDCr headquarters in Sacramento to stop thesebeing done every 30 minutes in the Pelican Bay SHU and other solitary units in CA prisons.
Brian Owens, brewer for O’Fallon Brewery in O’Fallon, MO, recently had a label for his Hemp Hop Rye beer rejected because it had a picture of a spiky-leaved hemp plant. “They said you can’t advertise a controlled substance,” he says of the TTB’s response. Although it’s legal to import sterilized hempseed (as long as contains no more than traces of the psychoactive chemical THC), you can’t grow hemp in any form. “Oddly enough, we had to take the picture of the healthiest ingredient off the label,” commented Owens.
On the other hand, Greg Schirf of Wasatch Beers in Salt Lake City was actively courting controversy when he premiered his Polygamy Porter (slogan: “Why have just one?”) in 2001. Schirf brews in a state whose population is more than two-thirds Mormon. More properly called the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the religion outlawed its controversial practice of plural marriage in 1890 and has since tried to integrate itself into the American mainstream. However, some breakaway sects still allow men to take multiple wives.
The enthusiasm surrounding craft beer these days has some breweries putting odd ingredients in their batches, from beard yeast to oysters. Innovation can be exciting, but it inevitably comes with the backlash to seek something authentic. Breweries seeking to go old school might take note: There’s a recipe out there for a very authentic ale brewed and enjoyed by none other than George Washington himself.
1. Langtang Trek is perhaps the easiest and most enjoyable among Nepal treks taking you through the picturesque Langtang Valley. This particular trekking in Nepal adventure will take 9 days to complete walking about 4-5 hours daily. You will be able to trek through Langtang forests passing yak pastures and ending up in the Tibetan village of Langtang. Beware of the yaks as they might get aggressive and were known to push trekkers off the steep slopes. Stay safe and keep away from cliff edges.
5. Rara Lake Trek will take your through spectacular National Park that is home to many rare species of animals like Himalayan black bear, red panda, wild boar, snow leopard, black panther and numerous kinds of birds and smaller animals. The highlight of this amazing 16 day trek is reaching the Rara Lake located at an altitude of almost 3,000 m. Trekkers can enjoy the remote wilderness of Western Nepal while enjoying the adventure of the Rara Lake trek. Trekkers can enjoy the views of Rara Lake which is Nepal’s largest lake measuring at 3062 meters. This is a picturesque high altitude lake that is surrounded by gorgeous alpine meadows and pine forests complete with Juniper and Spruce. Participating in the Rara Lake Trek is truly a once in a lifetime experience and shouldn’t be missed if visiting Nepal and the Himalayas.
7. Manaslu Trek will take you to the 8th highest peak of the world area. Manaslu trek is definitely not a walk in the park and is considered one of the roughest and challenging treks in Nepal. Only the more experienced trekkers should attempt to make the Manaslu trek. You will have a rare opportunity to witness the untouched primal beauty of Nepal’s mountain scenery, rich cultural and historical heritage and introduction to different flora and fauna. Whoever chooses the Manaslu Trek will enjoy pure Himalayan beauty as well as the rich cultural experiences. There are many breathtaking Himalayan mountain views available during the Manaslu trek. While trekking through some of the villages, visitors will get a glimpse of the traditional Himalayan culture of the local population.
8. Dhaulagiri Trek is only for well experienced or professional trekkers due to its demanding terrain and rough landscape. This 24-day challenging trek will take you beyond the beaten trekking paths most tourists take into the Nepal wilderness and remote villages. The trekking around Dhaulagiri region is very strenuous and requires additional climbing skills to get through some high passes. Along the way you will be rewarded by stunning sceneries of untouched beauty of Nepal. The Dhaulagiri trek is one of the more challenging treks as it is the seventh highest peak in the world rising above the Kali Gandaki River. During the Dhaulagiri Trek, you will enjoy magnificent views of many Himalayan Peaks as well as White Water Rivers. Many of the trekking guides will allow trekkers to camp on a glacier. This is truly a once in a lifetime experience!
9. Lower Dolpo Trek trekking in Nepal is unique in its kind providing you with an opportunity to tour some of the isolated areas of western Nepal. You will encounter charming locals who still practice Bon Po religion that had been widely spread in pre-Buddhist Nepal. While enjoying the Lower Dolpo trek, visitors will be able to experience traditional Himalayan culture as well as visit some traditional Buddhist Monasteries. Those enjoying the Lower Dolpo trek will be able to enjoy the magnificent views of Shey Phoksundo Lake as well as various rare and endangered species of wildlife as well as plants. The trek will take 25 days to experience the primal wilderness of Nepal and get through 3 major passes along the way, namely, Kagmara La, Baga La and Numa La.
Early symptoms of measles may include fever, cough, and tiny white spots in the mouth. Within three to seven days, a red blotchy rash will appear, first on the face and then spreading to the body, arms and legs. If you believe that you have measles, you should isolate yourself by staying home and avoid all contact with unimmunized persons. Call before visiting your doctor so they can take precautions to protect other patients.
18. When enemies approach, it’s best to take evasive action. This dog wouldn’t even know what hit it.
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted unanimously in favor of the measure after supporters said six weeks of fully paid leave is needed because too many families can’t afford to take time off after a child is born or adopted.
Among the dozen or so attendees was Kim Turner, a nonprofit attorney who took advantage of the state parental leave program. She says full paid leave would have been better.
Nakamura, 49, said: 'I went to the zoo to take some photos of the panda - but I never imagined I'd see something like this!
Related: Fitbit unveils two new fitness trackers -- including one you can take in the pool
He became known for his vivid combat pictures and also for the risks he took and the wounds he survived. At the time Mr. Flynn disappeared, Mr. Page had suffered his most severe injuries, from a mine explosion that sent shrapnel into his brain and body.
“My mother meant the world to me,” he says, his voice breaking through the tears and the recollections of her demons with alcohol, drugs and men who didn’t stick around. “My only thing was to take care of her. I really didn’t have a Plan B.”
The timing of it all sounds haunting, but, he says now, his tough New York City skin holding up to the years of piercing pain, “I don’t want no pity from nobody. My mother used to say, `You had eight kids? Did you have fun making them? You’re a knucklehead but take care of them.’ ”
How does he take care – or repair – a complicated life he can so casually call “a walking mistake?” How does he make sense of it all?
Ailes hired Palin back because she tried to make it on her own and vanished into Facebook oblivion. Palin couldn’t survive without Fox News, so she came back to Ailes grovelling on her hands and knees and took a massive pay cut. That pay cut is why Palin is back on Fox in a reduced role.
CBS Philadelphia reports that the suspect took off in a dark silver car. The victim was cut on his leg during the scuffle.
Lavoy Finicum, 54, was a Mormon rancher from Arizona. He was a father of 11, grandpa to 19, and was married to his wife for 23 years. The details surrounding the fatal shooting along Highway 395 near Burns, Oregon, remain slight. Ryan Bundy took a round to the arm and was treated and released from the hospital. Finicum, who previously stated he would prefer death to being arrested and locked up behind bars, was on his way to a community meeting with area residents about an hour from the Malheur wildlife refuge when he was mortally wounded.
When the media deemed “Oregon Militia” took control over the Malheur wildlife center, Finicum reportedly opted to keep guard and slept outside in the cold January air in his sleeping bag with a rifle. During an interview with MSNBC from his little outpost at the refuge, Lavoy said he was “prepared to defend freedom.”
“They’re doing all the things that show they want to take some kinetic action against us,” Lavoy added. “And we’re saying, ‘Why be so unfriendly?’ “
…Let’s take a quick stab at answering why and how you should consume New York Jets football in 2017.
The story of our flooding problem, like most environmental hazards, starts with natural resources sold as commodities. From about the 1830s to 1870s, "earlier settlers made a ton of money off plantations because [the land along Houston's bayous] was so fertile," says Keiji Asakura, Principal Designer at Asakura Robinson, a planning, urban design, and landscape architecture firm. Well before urbanization, farmers raising cattle and growing crops like cotton and rice fundamentally changed the soil. In addition, farm-to-market roads and railroads displaced organic drainage patterns. Coastal prairie that took root in Houston for thousands of years was decimated in a few decades.
For so many years, development patterns in Houston have approached nature as an adversary, laying ever more concrete and exploiting its flat surface, ever chasing the bottom line. Perhaps Harvey has exacted extreme enough damage for us to take what has worked in a few parks and neighborhoods here and there and scale up working with nature.
Of course, if you and your spouse do give into those desires, you can not protect yourself from getting pregnant. At all. So if you get pregnant, oh well. You have a baby. Great. I've been married 23 years. That means I would have had the potential to have at LEAST 20 kids by now!!! Lets face the facts... the majority of couples in the entire world that could possibly support and raise that many kids these days is REALLY small. Financially alone most of us couldn't do it. These days, it takes both couples working their tales off just to afford 2 or 3 kids. But 20 kids? Not all of us are the Duggart family, we can't afford it and we wouldn't want it. Having that many kids means SOME one, usually the mom, has to stay home and be enslaved to the kitchen, laundry and nursery to care for them all. Which means, there is only one income to support all those mouths to feed. Good luck with that. Unless you are an executive with a golden parachute you'd be living in complete poverty. So would your children.
That is of course saying you can actually take care of another baby. Or any baby. Another fact.. sadly, there a lot of people out there, single and married, who should never have had kids. Child abuse and neglect occur every day, in ways we don't even want to consider. If those children are not killed outright by their parents (in ways that are just terrible to behold), then they live with the catastrophic effects of child abuse. Those effects can linger for life, causing depression, self hatred and criminal activity and that's just for starters. Their lives are a constant struggle with pain and self doubt and they often become under achievers.Without help, they will often go on to abuse others including their own children.
There are already countries in which access to birth control is rare or non-existent. In those places, women are forced to have child after child, since they often also have no say over if they will have sex or not. What happens to those children? As already stated, it takes a massive amount of resources to raise just 3 kids to adulthood - and that is in a first world country! In poorer countries its even worse!! Look at Africa. Do you know how many children die each day from starvation and lack of medical care? I can answer you. Thousands. They die a horrible death, slowly wasting away in agony because their parents can not afford to feed 15 kids.
Let's continue to look at another side of this. What about children born with disabilities? Simple fact.. there are families (I know one) in which ALL of their children are disabled. What about the children? All are disabled enough that they will never have a "life" as we know it. They will have to be cared for their entire lives. At a VERY great financial expense to the families and to society. As the parent of a disabled person myself, you can not possibly know the pain we go through with our children. I look at my son, and know the hell he has been through. Schools that are abusive, not having a voice to speak up for himself. Living very little of life, because he's just not able to interact with it. Knowing he will probably never have a girlfriend, knowing he will have to be cared for by a society that often rejects him. More, a society that doesn't want to have to pay the 100,000 dollars a year it will take to house him in a decent group home for his life. But according to these churches, it doesn't matter. They still expect you to continue to have children even if that child will be born with life limiting disabilities.
The former Liverpool striker took responsibility for his side's defeat but accused Uefa of being more interested in potential kit clashes - with both sides wearing their away strip on the night - than competent refereeing.
It is customary for presidential candidates to make public their health records during the campaign season. Sanders, who would be 75 on inauguration day, would also be the oldest president ever elected. Ronald Reagan, the current titleholder, was just a couple days shy of his 70th birthday when he first took office.
Epigenetic aging is a measure that uses DNA methylation levels to predict an individual’s age. It takes into account the methylation levels of many sites from different parts of the genome. What these sites have in common is that they correlate strongly with chronological age.
Spotlight is a good enough film. It has a sturdy structure, quality acting across the board, and locks in on some worthwhile thematic material. It’s not a movie I’m sorry to have watched, but it’s also not a movie I’m likely to ever watch again, because even if I haven’t seen this exact film before, I’ve seen this type of film 100 times before. It’s a solid take on the “dogged reporter breaking a scandal” story, and it hits all the right notes for an Oscar hopeful. But Spotlight never goes a step beyond that commendable-yet-spiritless flavor to the proceedings that seems to persist through so many movies in the same vein.
Alberto Contador (Team Saxo-Tinkoff) is a strong candidate but is this thanks to reputation or form? Banned this time last year he came back to win the Vuelta. But we wondered how big his margin of victory would be only he needed a surprise move on a medium mountain stage to take the race. It was an great result but not the domination many had expected. This year he’s had only one win and in the modest Tour de San Luis, an early season race in Argentina. It’s now all about improving on his performance in the Dauphiné. He took second on the stage to the ski resort of Valmorel behind Froome and complained of allergies during the race. The late spring this year in western Europe means pollen levels are still high; perhaps the variety that bugged him in June has gone but he could still suffer in July. A podium is possible but he’s over 30 now and not the same rider when he had the sulphurous Jose “Pepe” Martí as coach but if anything he’s more aggressive and willing to take risks. We’ll know a lot more after the Stage 11 time trial where a top-20 position would suggest he’s on track. He’s had a lite team in years past but the arrival of Russian tycoon Oleg Tinkov has meant Roubles to sign riders like Nico Roche, Roman Kreuziger plus Mick Rogers has transferred from Team Sky, bringing the inside scoop on Sky’s marginal gains.
Bauke Mollema is Belkin’s leader with Robert Gesink for support. The newly branded team needs a result to win more sponsors and Mollema’s momentum from the Tour de Suisse could be just what’s needed. His lively riding in Switzerland was a pleasure to watch but behind the spectacle it took big power to ride away for the win on Stage 2.
Lotto-Belisol’s Jurgen van den Broeck has to be mentioned. Fourth overall in 2010 and 2012 but do you remember it happening? Clearly it takes big talent and dedication to achieve this result but he’s made one victory salute during his 11 years as a pro and its rare to see him attack. He’ll have to work hard as Lotto-Belisol come equipped with more wagons for André Greipel’s sprint train than mountain helpers.
First inhabited by indigenous Taiwanese before it was colonised by the Dutch and then the Spanish in the 17th century, Taiwan came under Japanese rule after the Qing Dynasty lost the Sino-Japanese War in 1895. The Republic of China then took the island back in 1945. Today, its political status is somewhat ambiguous, having been the safehouse for the ousted Republic of China government after the People's Republic of China won the Chinese Civil War. Its cultural heritage, therefore, is a blend of Taiwanese, traditional Chinese and Japanese.
Hustling, bustling, buzzing and brightly lit, the night markets of Taiwan are quite an experience. From the best-known Shilin Night Market to Tainan Flowers Night Market, these open-air festivals of sound, smell and taste take place on different nights around the island so be sure to research ahead. There is around 300 to choose from.
The tallest building in the world between 2004 and 2010, when the Burj Khalifa in Dubai took over, Taipei101 (the figure denoting the number of floors) towers over the capital, serving as an icon for the modern evolution of the country. Its lifts reach speeds of 37.6mph, flinging passengers from the fifth to the 89th floor in 37 seconds. There is an observation deck on the 91st floor, some 1,285 feet above the ground.
Featuring a light heavyweight matchup between Alexander Gustafsson and undefeated striking specialist Jimi Manuwa, UFC Fight Night 37 takes place March 8 at London’s O2 Arena. The entire 10-fight event streams on UFC Fight Pass in the U.S.
Meanwhile, the 29-year-old McCall recently halted a three-fight winless streak (a draw and loss to Demetrious Johnson, as well as a defeat to Joseph Benavidez) with a unanimous-decision win over Iliarde Santos in August. “Uncle Creepy” picked up a “Fight of the Night” bonus for the effort. However, he’s now pulled out of two consecutive bouts after being forced to withdraw from a planned matchup with Scott Jorgensen that was slated to take place at December’s UFC on FOX 9 event.
An archer’s shot can be assessed in several ways. It can be accurate (successful in hitting the target). It can also be adroit (skillful or competent). An archery shot is adroit only if, as the arrow leaves the bow, it is oriented well and powerfully enough. But a shot that is both accurate and adroit can still fall short. Consider an adroitly shot arrow leaving the bow with an orientation and speed that would normally take it straight to the bull’s-eye. A gust of wind then diverts it, but a second gust puts it back on track. This shot is both accurate and adroit, but it fails to be apt. A shot’s aptness requires that its success be attained not just by luck (such as the luck of that second gust). The success must rather be a result of competence.
A particularly important sort of affirmation is one aimed at attaining truth, at getting it right. Such an affirmation is called alethic (from the Greek term for truth). All it takes for an affirmation to be alethic is that one of its aims be: getting it right.
The anonymous stencils first appeared in August. You’d notice them at reds as you braked at the mouth of an intersection. You’d look down, perhaps as you began to creep into the crosswalk, and spy the Day-Glo words on the asphalt: “Make Us Bicyclists Look Good.” And then, maybe, you’d stay put, waiting for that green. By the middle of August, the messages had emerged up and down 15th Street’s protected cycletrack, around the National Mall, and in bike lanes on R and T streets NW and Rhode Island Avenue. They contained affirmations like “Thank You for Biking,” “Your Bike Is Sexy,” and “Smile! You’re on a Bicycle”; cutesy reminders like “Please Bike Safely Honey. Love, Your Parents”; and cheeky exclamations like “Don’t Door Me Bro.” These weren’t missives for pedestrians, or motorists, or anyone who wasn’t on a bike. If you don’t spend any time in bike lanes, you probably didn’t see them. But among bike commuters, they quickly punctured daily water-cooler talk. Did you see the bike-lane graffiti? In the middle of August, Streetsblog, a transportation website, posted a video with a fist-pump-inducing soundtrack and described the stencil art as “extraordinarily motivating” and “sweet.” DCist called it “rather delightful”; Instagram and Twitter users memorialized their stencil-brightened commutes (“OMG I LOVE THESE!!!” read one Instagram comment); and for about a month, pictures of the stencils seemed to take over the popular #bikedc hashtag. (One of the stencils, sensing the opportunity, read “#bikedc.”) Even the District Department of Transportation conceded it had been charmed. While a spokeswoman told DCist that the agency planned to “check into” the stencil art, the @DDOT Twitter feed called the bike-lane messages “kinda cool!” On Reddit, users debated how the bicycle-lane messages might impact cycling etiquette. “This is fantastic, spray them right next to every rack and street lamp in florescent paint,” wrote one user. Others were skeptical, for different reasons. “I always stop at red lights regardless of these stencils and unfortunately they don’t seem to stop the 10+ riders behind me that blow through red lights on 15th and K St. for example,” wrote a Redditor. Another: “As one ‘asshole cyclist’ among many, I don’t know what they expect this to accomplish. We know exactly what we are doing and we do it anyway. It’s not some sort of ‘I didn’t know I couldn’t do that’ situation, nor do we go through red lights and stop signs by accident.” The messages proliferated throughout the fall, with dozens appearing in Shaw, Bloomingdale, and Logan Circle. Adams Morgan. Woodley Park. Downtown. Just recently in Arlington, at the entrance to the Key Bridge. After the 15th Street cycletrack was repaved—and the stencil art along it was destroyed—the tagger struck again, restamping the entire strip. One slogan emerged on M Street NW between 15th and 16th streets—a block where the city recently canceled part of a planned cycletrack at the urging of a church that wanted to preserve curbside space for congregants’ cars. The decision angered District bike advocates and inspired the mystery stenciler to tattoo the block’s pavement with the message “Jesus Loves Bicyclists.” That one threw some political shade, but for the most part the messages aren’t meant for bicyclists’ detractors. They say encouraging things such as “Drive Your Bike” and “Bike [Heart]” and “I Want to Ride My Bike With You,” like telegrams from the conscience of D.C.’s collective bicycling consciousness. From time to time on my ride home on 15th Street, I see fellow commuters stopping at red lights, spotting the stencils, and smiling. The messages are illicit by their nature but adorable in their content—quietly empowering random acts of cuteness. That, or they’re the least dangerous, least unsettling use of graffiti D.C. has ever seen. I started asking around. It turns out the person behind the stencils—I interviewed her on the condition of anonymity, and agreed to refer to her as the Bike Artist, or BA—isn’t a seasoned graffiti writer, a transit insurrectionist, or even an activist by inclination. Mostly, she wants bicyclists to be a little more polite, be a little friendlier with other road users, and feel a little more appreciated. Her project is both an undertaking of passion and a bit of a lark. And although it wants to inspire and improve the culture of bicycling in D.C., it might reveal even more about it. ***
Before BA tagged her first bike lane, she took a cut-up map of the District and marked the streets and avenues she wanted to spray. Then she stashed it behind a large artwork hanging in her living room. “I wanted this to be a fun, secret mission thing,” she says. BA is a white, young professional who lives in Northwest and has been bike commuting in the District for the nearly four years she’s lived here. She is probably the most responsible bicyclist I’ve ever met: Even on tagging runs, she wears a yellow reflective vest and yellow reflective anklets, presumable hindrances in a flight for freedom. Nine times out of 10, she says, she waits until a red light turns green before biking through an intersection. The first time I met her, she very politely told me I was wearing my helmet unsafely. She picks up litter off the road, even though she also marks it permanently with spray paint. BA had never made illegal art before August, but says she had been thinking about the roads—about how they are underused as something that carries information—for some time. D.C.’s bike infrastructure may have boomed since the Adrian Fenty administration, but the city could be doing much more to foster better behavior by road users, BA says. After watching a couple of graffiti documentaries, she had an epiphany: She’d reach out to her own tribe and help soften bikers’ reputation as transportation insurgents by talking to them in their native habitat. D.C.’s roads, BA says, “are not utilized in any way other than street signs to promote and inform. So I saw the streets as being a blank canvas. They’re completely disregarded as something we see every day. The sewage markings, the remnants of construction projects—the streets are just ugly, wasted uses of public space when it comes to our visual relationship with them. I wanted something that was eye-catching and thought-provoking and beautiful that made people smile.” The bright, encouraging—twee, if you’d like—tone of BA’s stencil art has a purpose. “We want more people to bike,” she says. “We want bicyclists to smile and know they’re appreciated. We want bicyclists to smile at other bicyclists and road users. Most importantly, we want D.C. to be a safe place to ride a bike.” BA started by buying a pack of thick plastic cutting boards, into which she carved the messages with an X-Acto knife. After a trial run in her neighborhood, she went out with a friend, starting in August with the 15th Street NW cycletrack, which she knew was scheduled for repaving. She wanted to gauge the reaction to her project but didn’t want to permanently mar public space if it wasn’t worthwhile. “If it looked like shit, I did not want to put more crap on the streets. I wanted this to be art,” she says. She quickly decided it was and tagged two more streets that night. Then she left D.C. to visit her hometown. “I kind of fled town, like, ‘I’m gonna do a bunch, and then I’m gonna leave.’” She wasn’t caught. Almost immediately, bicyclists were tweeting about the stencils. And while some D.C. pals had been skittish before, now they wanted in. She wanted to find more collaborators, too. “I sent out a call to all my friends, like, ‘Do you want to get in on this project? This is the shit you’re going to tell your grandchildren.’” Throughout the fall, BA occasionally gathered friends at her home to share a meal and game out the evening’s stenciling—what she calls “LayNSpray.” On the night in November that I followed her while she resprayed 15th Street, her accomplices were K., a barista, and M., who works at the State Department. We met at the Adams Morgan bar Angles, chatting at a window table while BA and M. scraped goops of paint off the more heavily used stencils. They also did some surgery: Too much use had turned “I Want to Ride My Bike With You” into “I Want to Ride My Bike Vith You.” On this evening, BA began with a ceremonial reading of the relevant legal statute—and then the request that, should the fuzz intrude, everyone bike away so that BA alone will take the heat. And there are rules: Since many street cameras erase their footage about every 10 days, BA asks her accomplices not to mention the tagging in email, on Facebook, or on Twitter for a week and a half. “And that just gets more into the fun secrecy of it all,” she says. One of the most exciting LayNSprays took place on the National Mall, she says. “We put hearts on all of the bike signals. It was really sweet. And that was to say these are symbolic of human beings. It’s a person. We are living, breathing beings. Give us respect.” ***
Twitch Plays Pokemon is built on an unsophisticated mechanism. Players submit a move that is then executed on screen. Zoom out, however, and we can observe some interesting things. Playing in "anarchy" mode makes for a fast-paced and fun experience, though players make very little progress. Democracy mode is dull and predictable, and while progress is made, it’s slow coming. There is a deep trade-off here. As I watched, it was truly astounding when players made progress in anarchy mode. Players celebrated every achievement because the odds were so out of favor. When voting took place, I lost interest because my suggestions felt irrelevant. If I thought we should move up and not left, I was out of luck if outvoted. The game slowed to a crawl and I suddenly had less say. No one gave up in anarchy mode. There was always a beacon of hope that even though we were walking into walls, we would prevail. And eventually, we did. Everyone acting in their own interests, even if that interest was derailing the game, worked.
While Twitch Plays Pokemon is a fascinating social experiment, players have no skin in the game. Other than some wasted time watching the stream (and inevitably explaining it to friends and coworkers), voting at the control is costless. But what if five moves cost a dollar? Would anarchy mode be more structured and deliberate, with less throwing of random moves in place? Perhaps, but 70,000 people wouldn’t tune in to take part. The trolls, for example, might not be as willing to spend their hard-earned bones to derail the game. Save for needing a free Twitch account, any viewer can contribute without system-imposed alienation. Still, this experiment can be better. The 30-second delay between submitting a move and its execution is due to technological limitations, meaning, consequently, your appropriate “left” may not be useful 30 seconds from now. Without that delay, moving through the game may be more effective. Players have already self-started communities to discuss strategy and gameplay. These communities are free and open, sans figurehead.
Elsewhere, Shredder plots to steal a gem known as the Jewel of the Nile from the clutches of Michael Douglas. Actually, it’s being held at a facility operated by “High Pressure Curbon”. Presumably Kanno was going for “Carbon”, but you know. Engrish. Shredder orders Bebop and Rocksteady (who suddenly exists, now) to take the robotic False Turtles to the surface and steal the Jewel of the Nile.
T hroughout his movie career, Colin Farrell has played many things: an amnesiac secret agent, a hitman with a death wish, even a time traveler. But in The Lobster, the actor takes on what may very well be his most offbeat role, playing a man who has 45 days to find a mate, otherwise he'll be turned into a lobster.
Yes, the movie is every bit as weird as its premise makes it sound. But somehow co-writer/director Yorgos Lanthimos — in his English-language feature debut — makes it work. Set in a bizarre kind of alternate reality where human coupling is mandatory and where those who choose to remain single must live as fugitive outcasts in the woods, The Lobster is the story of a man named David (Farrell), a recent divorcee who takes up residence at a hotel specializing in two things: partnering up eligible bachelors and bachelorettes, and turning those who "don't make it" into animals. It's only when David flees the hotel and falls in with a band of loners, however, that he meets his true soulmate (Rachel Weisz).
With just 330,000 places available in camps, and many refugees preferring to take their chances begging or working illegally in Turkey’s major cities, only a fraction of children are receiving help. Yet the system is already creaking.
“I’m going to be a doctor and an engineer. We the engineers will rebuild Syria, and I’ll take the (soldiers) to hospital,” he said, wrapped in a small winter jacket in the bitter cold.
It's a setup that takes no time at all to grasp. Especially so if you enjoyed Quantic Dreams' cinematic Heavy Rain, from which, even down to the title screen's focus on a beautifully mo-capped Hayden Panettiere, it clearly takes a few pointers. And much like that divisive 2010 release, narrative and decision-making form the bread and butter of Until Dawn's appeal, where no single adventure is set to be quite the same.
In turn, you command one of eight American teens during a mountain lodge getaway, which - would you believe it - takes a turn for the grim and gruesome. With dialogue trees, hidden clues and item pickups to be found, the story's course promises to adapt to your actions, often in some pretty bizarre ways. But crucially, once a character from this starting octet is gone, they're gone for good. Hundreds of possible endings are promised, whether they all survive, face a grisly end, or their fates fall somewhere in-between.
Being a journalist is dangerous profession, but being a photojournalist takes it a step further. Journalists can rely on themselves to report, but photographers will always depend on their equipment, something security forces are well aware of.
The Model 82A1 fits into a regular sized carrying case. Although it’s transported as a disassembled upper and lower receiver, it can be ready to fire in under a minute by simply inserting two assembly pins through both receivers. The scope remains mounted on the upper receiver, maintaining scope zero. The rifle’s M1913 optics rail is tapered 27 MOA to take full advantage of the scope’s elevation travel.
Demonstration: Hundreds of thousands took to the streets as supporters of the army heeded a call to rally
Barricade: Supporters of the deposed president throw stones from behind a makeshift wall as they take cover from the police during clashes in Cairo
Backing: Supporters of Egypt's ousted president Mohamed Morsi take part in a demonstration in the city of Alexandria, where at least five people died
The other two men in the photograph have not yet been identified to the public. When police arrested the Washington Post's Wesley Lowery and the Huffington Post's Ryan Reilly, they weren't wearing badges or nametags, and refused when asked to identify themselves.* Reasonable people can disagree about when, exactly, it's appropriate for cops to fire tear gas into crowds. But there's really no room for disagreement about when it's reasonable for officers of the law to take off their badges and start policing anonymously.
“When he first came in on trial, he caught the coaching staff’s eye quite quickly,” said Eleven captain Colin Falvey. “Right off the bat, he made an impression that he was a good finisher. I think it took him a little bit of time when the season started to adjust to playing professional football. Coming from college is never easy.”
“Every player wants to play every minute,” Goldsmith said. “They’d be lying to you if they said they didn’t. I’m just trying to work hard on the training field and sort of try to take my opportunities when I get on the field to make an impact on the game.”
However, he gets open on set pieces, and he finished two of his three looks (of the five total looks the US had on the night, which kind of makes me want to die). There's a place for that, especially against minnows. I still don't think he's the answer long term because he takes too long on the ball in the run of play, but hell, beggars can't be choosers.
The characters took a quick player turn at camp that night, where they tried a few things; one (who is working on their alchemy skill) attempted to brew a soothing tea, with mixed results; another wanted to decipher the evidence they were bringing to Lockhaven; the third tried to cheer himself up out of his bad mood; and the last decided to employ his weather watcher skill to try and give the patrol better weather in the morning.
While Jasper opted to stay out of the fray, the rest of the mice lept into battle. Now, I need to take a moment here to explain something about fighting in Mouse Guard. In the game, there is a natural order, which dictates what kinds of outcomes any creature can force upon another as the result of a conflict. Generally speaking, the smaller a creature is in relation to its opponent, the less harmful of an outcome it can force. In the case of mice, for example, there are very few things in the game which they can actually kill without an army of some kind. The most they can hope to do with most large animates is to drive it off or hide from it. This was certainly the case with the badger, which compared to a mouse, is a monster.
Holding up photos of dead children as justification for potential war, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Wednesday that if the U.N. doesn't take action in Syria, "we may."
"When the U.N. consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action," Haley told the U.N. Security Council at an emergency meeting called in response to Tuesday's suspected chemical attack in Syria's northern province of Idlib.
GCHQ took rare public exception last week when the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a Fox News report that implied Barack Obama’s administration had asked the UK to conduct surveillance on Trump.
Ithaca apparently had no such government issue with its Cascazilla Red Ale, a clear, complex and brisk brew. Nor did Rogue, with its Red Fox Amber Ale, our No. 4 beer, with its intertwining malt and hop flavors. The Rogue was the first among our top 10 to use the term “amber,” though it confuses the matter by throwing in “red” as well. Anderson Valley Brewing took a more straightforward approach with its Boont Amber Ale, our No. 5. It was sweetly malty and even slightly fruity with underlying hop bitterness.
Phillip Price (Michael Cristofer): “Jack look at me. I am not the problem here. The problem here is hard cash is fading rapidly. That’s just the way of the world right now. And Bitcoin is spreading. And if Bitcoin takes over, we are all in a world of hell! It is unregulated. It has already reached its transaction volume maximum. And, it is partly controlled by Chinese miners.”
Securing Dropbox has never been easier. Qi is engineered for simplicity and the concept is simple – when Qi is plugged in and you double click on a file in Dropbox, the digital content is opened. Without Qi plugged in, the file cannot be opened. When you close a file or unplug Qi your files are automatically re-encrypted. This ensures encryption takes place at all times, preventing the risk of files being left unencrypted by mistake. There is no document stored on Qi, all the files are encrypted in Dropbox.
Rowland was released from prison in 2006 and took a job as director of economic development for the city of Waterbury in 2008. Two years later he began working as the host of an afternoon drive political talk show on WTIC. Rowland resigned from that job in April amidst calls from many, including Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, for WTIC to remove him from the airwaves.
Fry’s character, General Melchett, although undeniably Colonel Blimpish, would go on to personify the dangerous ignorance of First World War high command like no other comic creation. “Young people playing old people are funny,” says Fry. “Because I was young and I was playing a General, it was somehow funnier than if I’d been the right age to be a general. With Blackadder the last thing you want is to take it too seriously. The audience relishes the sight of an actor enjoying himself. They like to see the gargantuan imbecility of it.”
The disease has affected my brain, GI system, lungs and heart. I take twelve medications to get through the day.
I want me back, and I've realized that every breath I take is blessed with a responsibility. A responsibility to raise awareness about life with lupus and the need for a cure. Every day, this is what keeps me going.
JUST WATCHED Nick Cannon takes on lupus Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Nick Cannon takes on lupus 01:53
Oregon recently passed a new minimum wage law that took such differences into account. It will gradually increase the basic pay rate in the pricey Portland area to $14.75 an hour by 2022 while only raising the minimum wage in the most rural parts of the state to $12.50 an hour.
In addition to being a talented athlete, who went on to coach softball teams for many years, Moczynski is remembered as someone who inspired people to take chances and try new things.
“He took the world’s first gimme chip-in,” Reilly said. At one point, Trump, after taking a number of second shots, told Reilly to “make sure you write that I play my first ball. You don’t get a second ball in life.” In life, it may or may not be true that a person gets a second chance; and yet, as Reilly wrote, on holes 1, 13 and 17, Trump did indeed get a second ball.
Trump disputes Reilly’s entire story as well: “I always thought he was a terrible writer,” he said. “I absolutely killed him, and he wrote very inaccurately. I would say that he’s a very dishonest writer. . . . I never took a gimme chip shot. . . . I don’t do gimme chip shots. If I asked his approval, that’s not cheating, number one. Number two, I never took one.”
“He took the world’s first gimme chip shot,” ESPN’s Rick Reilly claims of The Donald, seen at the opening of his Sterling, Va., golf course in June. (Jeffrey MacMillan/For The Washington Post)
A: I would like to downplay the preseason and say the time missed by Hassan Whiteside is not a concern. But it is. After Tuesday's game in Orlando, he will have missed all of training camp and half of the preseason with his calf strain. This team can't get on the same page until all its primary pieces are in place. And you know that Erik Spoelstra is not going to play all of his regulars in both Saturday's game in Houston and Sunday's game Atlanta. So the Heat basically have three exhibitions, at best, when the projected starting lineup can play together (and that's only if Whiteside is back by this weekend, although he told me he will try to practice later this week). A lack of continuity destroyed last season and it's not as if the Heat have found the antidote in camp. Remember, the schedule is heavily home-loaded at the start of the regular season. Fail to take advantage of that and it could prove particularly difficult to overcome, especially with the eclipse of road games in January.
Forget for now that the game the Knicks won that night, 68-66, bore little resemblance to the leaping, balletic version of today's NBA. That game was from a different era of low-scoring basketball, a time when hoops as a pro spectacle was just coming out of the dance halls. Players did not routinely double-pump or slam-dunk. The fact of the matter was that the players did not and could not jump very well. Nor was there a 24-second clock; teams had unlimited time to shoot. The jump shot was a radical notion, and those who took it defied the belief of many coaches that nothing but trouble occurred when a player left his feet for a shot.
Each team paid a $10,000 franchise fee, the money going for league operating expenses including a salary for Maurice Podoloff, who like the arena owners who hired him was a hockey man first. Podoloff, a New Haven, CT lawyer who was President of the American Hockey League, agreed to also take on the duties of President of the new Basketball Association of America, which three seasons later, in a merger with the midwest-based National Basketball League, became the NBA.
Next on Four Corners, reporter Janine Cohen tells the story of one young man who did nothing more than take his girlfriend out to a club. Without provocation he was attacked, his skull fractured and his life changed forever. The story of alcohol abuse didn't end there. His attacker, who'd consumed 10 cans of bourbon and cola, was arrested, found guilty and sentenced to six years jail. His family was devastated.
Despite such occurrences, the Australian Hotels Association (AHA) argues that alcohol isn't the only cause of violence and its increasing intensity. The organisation claims that drugs are the real problem and that people must take more personal responsibility.
Why won't government do more to reduce the amount of alcohol sold? For some the answer is clear: they are frightened to take on the powerful liquor industry. Meanwhile the level of violence is intensifying.
SECURITY OFFICER: I asked you to take your drink inside... There you go.
CONSTABLE SHANE LINDSAY (to Reg): It would only take me, trust me...
JANINE COHEN: Constable Lindsay takes the man outside, who suddenly becomes violent and attacks him.
CONSTABLE KATIE BURNELL: Shirt off, never a good sign. Why do guys always want to take their shirt off when they fight?
JOEL FORD: He just lived in the water and since we were really young, when Dad used to take us up the beach, it was just always hard to get him out.
JANINE COHEN: What responsibility does the AHA take for the amount of alcohol-related violence and injury?
JANINE COHEN: What responsibility should the AHA and the liquor industry take for the amount of alcohol-related crime and injury?
A/PROFESSOR BRIAN OWLER, PRESIDENT, AUSTRALIAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION NSW: Well, I think they should take more responsibility than what they're taking at the present time.
JANINE COHEN: Critics say a raft of reforms are desperately required but governments will need courage to take on the alcohol lobby.
JANINE COHEN: The challenge is to take action now and stop any more horrific attacks like the one on Sam Ford.
Normally, like, brothers fight and brothers do all these things but it takes something like this to realise how much you actually do love him and how much you actually um... enjoy his company (crying).
And I feel really, really sad first thing in the morning and... I just wish I could take it away from Sam. If I could take over the injury I would, you know in a split second.
Both the Northbridge and Whyalla trials led to reduced alcohol-related offenses and arrests. The Melbourne trial fell away after 25 per cent of licensed venues took legal action to exempt themselves from the trial.
In Florida, I supported the 2014 medical marijuana referendum that garnered about 58 percent of the vote state-wide, falling just short of the required 60 percent mark. My opponent, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, is a drug warrior who opposed the medical marijuana referendum. Calling marijuana a “gateway” drug, she refuses to allow her constituents in South Florida, in consultation with their doctors, to decide for themselves whether to utilize this plant-based medicine to alleviate pain and other symptoms of various illnesses and the side effects of other medications. Certain industries have a special interest in keeping marijuana illegal – for example, the alcohol and pharmaceutical industries, both of which view recreational and medicinal use of marijuana as a competitive threat; and the private prison industry, which profits from warehousing people in jails, including for marijuana possession. Not surprisingly, having taken in lots of campaign donations from the alcohol, pharmaceutical, and private prison industries and their political action committees (PACs), Debbie Wasserman Schultz opposes medical marijuana and supports privatized prisons and mass incarceration. Unlike my opponent, I do not take any contributions from these special interests, or from any corporate interests at all. In addition to Florida’s medical marijuana referendum, I also support the recent reforms by Miami-Dade and Broward Counties to decriminalize marijuana for personal use, and I call on the federal government to “de-schedule” marijuana from the list of controlled and dangerous substances. In many of the states that have moved in the direction of legalization and regulation of marijuana for personal use, entire new industries are flourishing, adding jobs and increasing tax revenues, and crime rates are falling. While I support state efforts to allow individuals to make their own decisions, I also recognize the need to provide young people — and people of all ages — with many more job and educational opportunities in a time of decriminalization and legalization.
The Maoists take inspiration from the 1917 Russian revolution and the 1949 Chinese Communist revolution. But Zulfikar and Nagaraj say "what is required is neither the Russian Revolution model nor the Chinese model. We have to evolve a third model."
Furthermore, especially after the armed conflict began, people migrated out from Syria, and there has been outflow of capital, especially private capital. The only reliable remaining network for the economy has been government salaries. The government continues to pay its salaries. So this is one part of the economy that continues to function. The other part is the agricultural sector, which continued producing well until last year. But then it took a turn for the worse, and as a result food security deteriorated greatly in the country.
As soon as she spoke it was so, and the single-celled creatures were freed from their warfare. They joined hands in friendship, with this one becoming an eye and with that one becoming a neuron. Together they soared and took flight from the swamp and the muck that had birthed them, and flew to new islands all balmy and green and just ripe for the taking. And there they consumed and they multiplied far past the numbers of those who had stayed in the swampland. In this way the oath of the Goddess of Everything Else was not broken.
The Goddess of Cancer came forth from the fire and saw things had only grown worse in her absence. The lean, lovely winnowing born out of pure competition and natural selection had somehow been softened. She stretched out her left hand and snapped its cruel pincer, and said what she always says: “KILL CONSUME MULTIPLY CONQUER”. She said these things not to the flocks or the tribes, but to each individual; many, on hearing took food from the communal pile, or stole from the weak, or accepted the presents of others but would not give back in their turn. Each wolf at the throats of the others in hopes to be alpha, each lion holding back during the hunt but partaking of meat that the others had killed. And the pride and the pack seemed to groan with the strain, but endured, for the works of the Goddess of Everything Else are not ever so easily vanquished.
A multi-county grand jury indicted Wagoner County Sheriff Robert Colbert and Captain Jeff Gragg on charges of bribery and extortion. They allegedly took bribes from drug dealers and let them go free. In 2014 they accepted a $10,000 bribe that secured the release of the motorist and passenger, who were arrested for possession of drugs, and removal of their names from the jail’s booking records. Now Colbert and Gragg could face up to 25 years in jail.
In e-mail responses to a reporter’s queries, the American unit of the company said that its birth-control drugs had been and continued to be extensively studied and that the company stood behind their safety. The company also said it had responded to the F.D.A.’s questions about manufacturing practices, which it said it took very seriously.
One large-scale study in Europe , sponsored by Bayer, reported that there was no difference in the risk of cardiovascular problems or death in women taking drospirenone birth control pills compared to women who took pills that contained levonorgestrel, a progestin that has been used since the 1970s.
Lawyers suing Bayer on behalf of plaintiffs who claim that they developed blood clots, heart attacks and other health problems because they took the drugs said they intended to argue that the company knew or should have known that the pills entailed a higher risk.
Because drug labels for Yasmin and Yaz contain warnings about the risk of side effects like blood clots and strokes, plaintiffs may have a difficult time winning cases with the argument that the company should have issued stronger alerts. But, armed with F.D.A. warning letters to Bayer, lawyers may find more success with the argument that misleading Yaz commercials enticed women to take the drug, thereby exposing them to health risks they might not otherwise have incurred.
Slam Dunk Festival 2018 takes place on the following dates:
"I think a lot of hearing people don't appreciate how much we get out of music," Kurdi says. "We listen to a song, it takes us back to childhood or it puts us in a good mood or it makes us want to party or it makes us connect. That's why there's, say, a graduation song—we all recognize it and we all connect to it.
Under Australian law, a person may bring a defamation case to court based on information posted online by someone in another country, providing that the material is accessible in Australia and that the defamed person enjoys a reputation in Australia. In some cases, this law allows for the possibility of libel tourism, which allows individuals from any country to take up legal cases in Australia because of the more favorable legal environment regarding defamation suits. The right to reputation is generally afforded greater protection in countries like Australia and the United Kingdom than the right of freedom of expression. In Australia this is especially so as freedom of expression is limited to political speech. While the United States and the United Kingdom have recently enacted laws to restrict libel tourism, Australia is not currently considering any such legislation.
Second, some will regard this whole topic as blasphemy. “I could never kill a trout,” a friend of mine once told me once after releasing a rainbow trout from a western stream. Regulations actually demanded the rainbow be killed because they threaten native cutthroat populations. The catch-and-release mindset can be taken too far. I know plenty of conservation-minded anglers who occasionally take a few trout home for dinner, although they know it can be touchy to talk about in some circles.
The deal could eventually be worth even more to the Fighting Irish, as Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick noted that it allows the school to take some of the cash in company stock.
Yes, you have a lot of imagery of invasion on Mad Men. There’s a line that Betty had last year, when Sally was suspended from school; she told Don, “The good isn’t beating out the bad.” For the first time she realizes, no matter how hard we try, the bad is winning. And I thought, Oh, is that ever a Manson-esque reference. Because that was the feeling after Manson: How do we protect ourselves against the deranged people who will invade our homes and take our lives? Where’s the protection? It was only when Manson and his group did the home invasions that the whole hippie thing became very dark. And that was right around Woodstock time, which was supposedly about all this peace and love and everybody getting it on. And then Manson happened, and then the concert at Altamont. So really, there’s this whole sense after the Beatles landed, from the mid-’60s on, that things are getting unsafe. And you see that in all the relationships on Mad Men unraveling, that everybody is trying to connect and the connections aren’t working. And that was really the feeling of, how do we put this back together? And nobody has an answer.
“I took an oath to uphold the Constitution, not to appease politicians or ideologues. When your own rights and property are at stake, you want the judge to make a fair and lawful decision, free from political influence,” he wrote on the site.
Prosecutors later removed Persky from a new sexual assault case, saying they lacked confidence in him. Last week, the judge took the unusual step of removing himself from all criminal cases and transferring to civil court, but Dauber said the recall campaign would continue.
Well, I’m certainly more prepared now than I was! [Laughs] We have some writers who are expert survivalists so I know all the gizmos and gadgets. What would I do? I’m a physician so I’d probably be out there trying to take care of people who were cut in half by the dome or injured in some way. That’s probably the first thing I would do because I always turn to my medical roots. I hope I’d be out there trying to do what I could using those skills that I have.
I think my favorite memory is seeing the cut of episode seven. Watching the whole episode and going, “Oh my gosh. That is really, really powerful.” That took me through so many emotions and so many feelings that it was almost like I was just an audience member. I was so separated from having done it that I was able to watch it for the first time, and it really hit me like, “Wow. This is intense! This is sad! This is moving! This is really, really great.” That’s my favorite moment. My second favorite is in episode five when the bomb hits and Norrie and Joe are kissing and the music is playing Skeeter Davis’s “End of the World.” I love that. I was on YouTube when that happened and people were commenting on the video of her singing the song from 1965 and saying, “The dome brought me here. The dome brought me here.” That was really gratifying.
The legislation took effect in 2016, and made Estonia the first former Soviet republic to allow civil partnerships for same-sex couples.
One click takes care of all that complex tuning. Your PC is smart with ASUS 5-Way Optimization. It dynamically optimizes essential aspects of your system based on real-time use – so you get superb CPU performance, everyday energy savings, ultra-stable digital power, cool and quiet fans and now even networking and audio settings that are tailored for the apps that you are using. In short, 5-Way Optimization ensures that your PC is perfect for gaming, entertainment, productivity or just about anything else!
The actor — who does indeed look very GQ in photos that find him sporting suits from Dolce & Gabbana, Calvin Klein, DKNY, and Emporio Armani — also talks about how he almost became a cop instead of an actor, his parents' divorce when he was 12, his decade-long estrangement from his father, and how a single elective he was forced to take in college (one he chose only because of its early landing in the alphabet) changed his career path.
“With order after order, Chief Justice Moore has flagrantly defied every federally binding pro-marriage equality ruling, and his obligation to follow the law,” said JoDee Winterhof, HRC Senior Vice President of Policy and Political Affairs. “Moore’s personal opinions are not at issue here. As a lawyer and as a judge, he took an oath to uphold the laws of the United States. If he refuses to do so, he should be removed from office, and censured for his obstructionist tactics.”
"When Solid Waste a charge $500 fi go pon di landfill, di illegal dump dem will take $200, $300, or anything," one man explained.
According to Gordon-Webley, even in cases where established companies purchase the $500 pass from the NSWMA to take their garbage to the landfill, some drivers leave the truckloads of rubbish at the illegal dumps and sell the tickets.
"Boss, just tek mi number and call mi when you coming. All you have to do is give mi a thing and mi will take any number of loads (of garbage) you have," one operator of an illegal dump told The Sunday Gleaner team.
In a new-look loose trio, Richie McCaw takes over at No 8 from Kieran Read, who has been ruled out due to concussion, with Liam Messam at blindside and Sam Cane on the openside in what will be his first test start.
Ben Knapp, Senior Character artist on Smite over at Hi-Rez Studios, continues a trend we've been seeing with character artists featured on Show Us Your Rig. Specifically, they have an excellent reason to cover their desks in toys. Ben has figures ranging from X-Men to Assassin's Creed to Dragon Ball Z and beyond all around his desk, and a massive Cintiq touch screen in the center. He was kind enough to take some time and tell us about his PC and more.
Just this Tuesday, Sen. Kamala Harris showed just how insidious Democrats’ paranoia has become. Coursing through the hearing and the line of inquiry pursued by Democrats was the idea that meeting with Russian state officials ought to be regarded as intrinsically sinister and/or suspicious, and that any such meetings ought to be regarded as evidence of untoward relations between the Trump campaign/administration and Russia. Marco Rubio reminded us that these suspicions are thoroughly bipartisan in nature when he asked Jeff Sessions to reach back into his memory bank and try to deduce whether he had encounters “at any point during the campaign” with a Russian “businessman, or anyone walking down the street” which “in hindsight, appears suspicious.” But Harris took it to another level when she demanded to know whether Sessions had interfaced with “any Russian businessmen or any Russian nationals.” In doing so, Harris expanded the ‘zone of suspicion’ beyond Russian state actors to anyone of Russian nationality. It’s really not hard to imagine how such logic might manifest in extreme acts undertaken by people who take the “Russians behind every bush” allegations seriously.
The House approved legislation on Tuesday that would block a pay increase for federal workers and members of Congress scheduled to take place in March.
"I too was shocked when I saw that the president of the United States, out of nowhere, at no request from any member of Congress, had issued a unilateral executive order, which means he decided to take the law into his own hands, and in effect become his own Congress," she said.
I want to talk a bit about your EU lineup. In particular, the tech changes you made to Handlock. You took out all copies of Shadowflame Darkbomb Shadowflame
He's is different than me, but I hope so. He loves Hearthstone and I even play with him to prepare for tournaments. He is really good. I will take him to future events for sure. If he can manage to find more time for Hearthstone, who knows.
Americas: JAB, Nias, Purple, Hotform Really hard for me to say since I don't know much about the players from SEA and China. I think we in EU have some really good players representing the region and the same goes for NA. SEA with Kranich and Pinpingho having some known players too. It will be a close call between regions, I believe in Europe!Purpledrank, Hotform, Kranich, Lifecoach and Ostkaka are players I really respect.He's is different than me, but I hope so. He loves Hearthstone and I even play with him to prepare for tournaments. He is really good. I will take him to future events for sure. If he can manage to find more time for Hearthstone, who knows.Thanks to G2, my teammates and the fans cheering for me, it means a lot to me!
Amsterdam Schiphol took third spot in the rankings Credit: Credit: frans lemmens / Alamy Stock Photo/frans lemmens / Alamy Stock Photo
The lesson to take from this is that the truly historic component of the 2016 Republican contest isn’t the number of votes Trump is getting or that his opponents have earned. It’s that so many people in total have come out to vote. Of course, contra Trump’s insistence that he’s bringing people out in droves to give him their support, an awful lot of those people would rather vote for someone else.
Saturday 10 April "Towards the end of Act 1 there was a disturbance caused by a latecomer who wanted to get into the stalls but was stopped by a security guard. There was a slight tussle in which the gentleman fainted. He was taken, or rather carried, to the stage door where it was discovered that he was a diabetic who had eaten the wrong food. Hence the collapse. His friends finally took him away. But not before he threatened litigation."
Wednesday 14 July "The cricket ball [was accidentally hit] into the front row of the stalls and was well fielded and returned by the woman in whose lap it landed. The champagne bottle took it unto itself to pop one scene too early. What you might call a premature ejaculation."
Saturday 21 May "Four curtain calls, but some fooling about in Act 1: saxophonist played the Steptoe [theme] instead of tear-jerker; toy robot crossed the stage on the line: 'Martians'. This was stopped and those concerned spoken with. The replacement goat [is] very large, and took one or two actors off upstage during the black mass; no one injured."
Thursday 5 September "On the Ghost's exit in Act 1, Scene 5, Mr Day-Lewis left the stage and told me that he could not continue the performance. An announcement was made and the audience invited to take an extra interval. The announcement only specified technical problems. After 32 minutes the performance resumed with Mr Northam as Hamlet. Mr Bedford played Osric and Mr Nicholas a Switzer. Mr Northam coped brilliantly (not an exaggeration) and received an outstanding reception from the audience."
When federal election lawyers decided the nonprofit Crossroads Grassroots Policy Strategies likely violated political spending limits, campaign finance watchdogs were certain the Internal Revenue Service would take action.
“When you see employees of the federal government getting badgered by members of Congress … that’s got to have a really detrimental effect on the psyche of any worker [who is] thinking, ‘Wow, if I take action or not, I might be called in front of Congress and I might be badgered like that in front of the whole country.'”
But Bruce Jaggard, chairman of the board of the Richmond Tea Party, said it took the agency two-and-a-half years, until July 2012, to approve his group’s application to be a social welfare group in part because it sent the group two more rounds of questions in addition to those asked in the application.
“If you wanted to take politics out of the thing, you just put the politics in there completely,” said Debra Kawecki, a former senior attorney for the nonprofit regulation division.
Kawecki, who left seven years ago, said even then the Cincinnati office, which processes most of the applications, was overwhelmed trying to keep pace: “The last year when I was there, we took cases from them and did them in the national office [in D.C.] because they were just swamped.”
Opening the app and flicking through the intro pages will take you to the login / register page
Okay, so next step. Let’s link that bank card up so we can take payments. Let’s click on the pink ‘Income’ (收入) button at the bottom right, taking us to this page. Select (我的银行卡) ‘My Bank Card’
The payment process has several pages where you must confirm various things. The page below is an important option. You can choose to make a direct payment to the seller or take the recommended option of a secured payment, which means the payment will be held from the seller until you confirm that you have received the good.
The 44-year-old said she discovered she took home 14 times less than co-host Joe Scarborough - so little she struggled to make ends meet.
Pay gap: Mika Brzezinski has revealed she used to earn 14 times less than her co-host, Joe Scarborough. It took her five attempts to negotiate a pay-rise
She said she came 'crawling back into the business' and took a huge pay cut - but then her money failed to go up when she became Morning Joe co-host a few months later.
It took Ms Brzezinski several tries to negotiate a better deal with her boss, Phil Griffin.
It said the decision took into consideration that a woman would need a copy of her marriage contract in case of a dispute with her husband and in court.
“The figures do show a performance gap between boys and girls, which is a matter we do take seriously.
The latest menace, officials say, is wipes and other products, including pop-off scrubbers on toilet-cleaning wands, that are marketed as "flushable." Even ever-thickening, super-soft toilet paper is worrisome because it takes longer to disintegrate, some say.
Given her history and the city’s unwillingness — or inability — to hold her accountable, it’s going to take a lot more than a misdemeanor assault charge — or a conviction — to slow that train down.
Another track by Darrell Fitton, a sort of futuristic take on soul.
According to Sana, Rite Aid called him back to the store under the pretenses that they found a medication for him. The pharmacy staff took his temperature several times while health officials were called in, Patch reported.
Cincinnati May Festival, May 19-27; Cincinnati: The city's oldest arts organization welcomes Gerard McBurney as creative partner for a series of concerts including Bach's B-minor Mass (led by Harry Bicket), Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, Elgar's "The Dream of Gerontius" and more. Other conductors include Markus Stenz, Michael Francis and Matthew Halls. Pending the completion of the renovation of Cincinnati Music Hall, performances will take place at the Taft Theater. 513-381-3300, www.mayfestival.com
We will talk about Baranski’s impressive Emmy history, and take her back to that first win almost two decades ago. We will also focus on her fifth straight bid for “The Good Wife,” for what many have heralded as her best work to date on the buzzed-about fifth season of the show.
Despite his best effort, Harry's teeth ground together. As bad as things had seemed on that night two years ago when he took five of his closest friends with him on the wings of thestrals to rescue Sirius from the Department of Mysteries, it had been a mere prelude to the horrors to come.
"Every potential success has risk attached to it," Harry replied, keeping his voice level. "You know, if I were you, I'd be more interested in why I bothered to take that risk in the first place."
"Whatever the case may be," Umbridge continued, "the Order of the Phoenix has lost its leader. Without proper leadership, how long do you think it will take for the remnants to unravel?"
"It's hard to say," Harry conceded. "Maybe long enough for the Ministry and the Death Eaters to take each other out first."
Harry remained silent, deep in thought. Umbridge took his lack of reply as an invitation to continue.
Wisconsin’s last statewide recount was in 2011 for a state Supreme Court seat and the outcome did not change. The recount showed Justice David Prosser defeated challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg by 7,004 votes — a slightly tighter margin than the 7,316-vote victory he had in initial returns. That recount took more than a month. This one would have to happen more quickly because of a federal law that says states must complete presidential recounts within 35 days of the election to ensure their electoral votes are counted. This year, that’s Dec. 13. “You may potentially have the state electoral votes at stake if it doesn’t get done by then,” said Haas.
A lawyer with Stein’s campaign has said it wants the recount done by hand. That would take longer and require a judge’s order, Haas said. Let’s deal with this, because from everything I can find the panic over this is almost entirely baseless. What Haas is referring to is that, if there are questions about the certification of the election, Congress could theoretically have the discretion to disregard a state’s results and refuse to recognize its electors. That’s true, technically, but there is zero chance it would actually happen. Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania can all certify the original results - Stein’s recount demand notwithstanding - and the Republican-controlled Congress is certainly not going to turn away their electors because Jill Stein used a well-timed legal maneuver to rend those certifications arguably invalid. I don’t know if that’s Stein’s real gambit here, but if it is, it has zero chance of succeeding. The only thing she’s doing is mucking up the works and causing a lot of extra work for state employees in three states. Hopefully Bill Schuette’s motion to stop Michigan’s recount is successful, and with any luck the other two states manage to avoid this complete waste of time as well. Donald Trump won the election. That’s a fact and it’s not going to change. We have more important things to do at this point than try to re-run a campaign that no one wants going into overtime. Except the losers, I guess. But they lost. Screw them.
Ships dragging anchors through undersea internet cables are not uncommon occurrences along Africa’s east coast and elsewhere — in 2012 six African countries were cut-off in one go — but they rarely take weeks to fully repair.
In a sermon delivered on Friday, the Hamas leader said that "Jews are trying to take over the Al-Aksa mosque but they will not succeed."
The claim that Jews are attempting to take control of the Temple Mount where the Al-Aksa mosque sits has been a common refrain that has stoked tensions in Israel and the West Bank.Haniyeh added that his terrorist organization intends to join the so called Palestinian uprising taking place that has seen a string of escalating violence over the past several days, Channel 10 added."We will liberate Al-Aksa and we as Gazans intend to join" the current upheaval, Haniyeh declared."We call for escalating and deepening the intifada... We are proud of you, the heroes of knives," Haniyeh added at Friday prayers. Friday alone has seen four terror attacks throughout Israel, with one coming at the hands of a Jewish extremist in Dimona.Three Palestinians were stabbed in the incident, with one in critical condition. Two remain in moderate condition, MDA reported Friday morning.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "strongly condemned" the attack in Dimona Friday morning."Israel is a state of law and order," he said, pledging to "bring justice to anyone using violence and breaking the law from any side."Shortly thereafter, 16-year-old was lightly injured in a stabbing attack in Jerusalem. The stabber was neutralized following the incident.Not long after, a police officer in Kiryat Arba was lightly injured after being stabbed by a terrorist who attempted to steal his weapon. The suspect was subsequently shot and killed.And the latest attack was carried out by a female terrorist who attempted to stab a security guard at the Afula central bus station.
Gameplay consists of the core 4X features we all know and love. You’ll be exploring the galaxy for planets and artifacts, colonizing worlds, researching technologies, designing ships, conducting diplomacy, and participating in offensive and defensive actions throughout the game. Victory is achieved by wiping out either all other races, or wiping out some and absorbing the others into a player-led federation. There is neither a science or wonder type victory condition in the game, so in all cases you’ll be forced to take an active part in the ways of war if you hope to win the game.
Exploration is enjoyable, although not as intense as it could be, as in reality there are only a handful of surprises to discover and these will be revealed after only your first playthrough of the game. You won’t find an any space monsters or pirates in the current game. The closest thing to space monsters is the Remnant, a grouping of ships that orbits some of the best planets in the game, but they seem like more of a “gear check” to see if you are powerful enough to take them rather than a viable or exciting threat to deal with. They do offer a few surprises, but even these are limited in scope.
In any single player 4X game, the capability and competency of its AI controlled opponents is of the utmost importance. Can the AI manage its holdings effectively? Can it defend itself from external threats, yet continue to expand and take offensive actions against others? Will it have rapid personality swings and make seemingly schizophrenic diplomatic decisions?
Throughout the beta and now the release, I have been fortunate enough to have both a desktop and a laptop to experience the game with. I spend the vast majority of my time on the desktop, but after spending some type on my desktop experiencing the game so I could write this review, I decided to let my laptop take a crack at my ongoing sandbox game by transferring all my save files and designs over to it. I am glad I did this, as it wasn’t really until I played StarDrive on my laptop that I truly began to understand some of the frustrations others have expressed with its stability.
In addition, this is not even the biggest issue I have with troops. Troops can also directly assault enemy ships. In my recent playthrough, I discovered that nearly every enemy ship I encountered, from the smallest fighter up to cruisers, could not only be defeated, but could also become one of my ships, if only I sent one or two troop ships to capture them. Imagine stealing 6 or 7 600+ value cruisers with only 7 or 8 troops which took only 50 production to create. That’s a huge swing, and a much better alternative to destroying them, and also, it is completely broken.
A 22-year-old man reported that while he was sitting in his vehicle, a man wearing a mask approached him, pointed a handgun at him, demanded money and took a set of car keys and his wallet containing identification cards and $224 in cash from him, according to police. The man reported that the man proceeded to rob another vehicle in the alley before he entered a vehicle containing LED lights with another man and they drove away police said.
A 37-year-old man and a 50-year-old woman sitting in a separate vehicle in the alley reported that a man wearing a mask approached them, pointed a handgun at them, demanded their possessions and took the woman’s vehicle keys and cell phone and the man’s cell phone from them, according to police. The man and woman reported that they observed the man was with another man and that both men entered a vehicle containing LED lights and drove away, police said.
The 23-year-old man reported that he had made arrangements online through Facebook to purchase a cell phone from a woman and that when he arrived to meet her at the intersection of Leland and Spaulding avenues, two men approached him and one of the men pointed a semi-automatic handgun at him and took $450 in cash, police said.
The 40-year-old man and 61-year-old woman reported that while they were walking home, two men approached them and one of the men pointed a handgun at the woman’s back while the other man pointed a handgun in the woman’s face and said, "Stick ’em up, hand over your wallets," according to police. The man and woman reported that the men took the man’s cell phone valued at $30 and the woman’s cell phone valued at $60, police said.
Unfortunately, extraction’s not always easy—or quick! The process can take seconds, minutes, or even days, depending on how it’s done. While investing time into getting the perfect coffee is commendable, I happen to have a ridiculously short attention span and am incredibly impatient—I’m not waiting 12 hours for a drink! So I turned to science, which helped me make cold brew in a fraction of the time it usually needs.
Step 8: Pssscchhhtttt! Decompression just happened. This step is handy because it takes all the air out of the liquid at once.
“It matters to me because I'm a craft brew fan...I take care in where I spend my money,” Parent said.
Several papers, including one published by Weniger's group, argue that pulsars are the more likely candidate for these gamma rays, but for now, astronomers can’t quite make that distinction with 100 percent confidence. For that, they will either need to take in more data (similar to using a longer exposure time in photography), find better ways to process the data (similar to sharpening images using software), or just build a better telescope, perhaps one of the dozens of proposed concepts being considered by NASA and other non-U.S.-based space agencies.
-- take away the strength and power and marginalize unions.
Fund research on developing new business models that reward small and punish big, that find ways to take advantage of economies of scale without shrinking industries' diversity. Make it a law for a company to have more than 20% of an industries business.
There are over 1000 billionaires-- most are the enemy. We must eliminate the billionaires, literally take away their money and the power it gives them. They are a danger to democracy.
In earlier work, Long had developed an algorithm that attempts to repair program bugs by systematically modifying program code. The modified code is then subjected to a suite of tests designed to elicit the buggy behavior. This approach may find a modification that passes the tests, but it could take a prohibitively long time. Moreover, the modified code may still contain errors that the tests don’t trigger.
But the show’s representative says they sorted out the situation and the final results are accurate. “For the results announced during the live broadcast, however, we restored the points that were omitted due to errors. Thus, the ranking is correct, and AOA takes No.1 while SEVENTEEN comes in second.”
InboxDollars: Has so far paid its members over $40 Million. Watch videos, take surveys, shop and more.
It is easy to get caught up in the hype that naturally follows an overall market growth of over 3,300% in less than one year, with some individual coins far exceeding that. However, it is important to take a step back from the markets periodically and take a look at the past, as well as the future of the industry.
This is a situation that happens every few months, without fail. When this happens, it is crucial to take a step back and breathe. Go hang out with your friends and grab a beer. Zoom the chart out and look at the year-to-date, or at least the last few months. You’ll realize that the current correction is merely a blip on the radar in an otherwise upward trajectory. It’s easy to drive yourself crazy and make emotional decisions if you stare at 30-minute candles for 18 hours a day. Don’t be a weak hand that panic sells, only to buy back higher once the correction is over. Remember, buy low and sell high, not the other way around.
That being said, it is doubtful that 2018 will be as explosive as 2017. There will be fewer stories of 6,500% percent gains. However, there will be extraordinary amounts of money to be made and hopefully, you all take advantage of it! It will be important to keep everything in perspective, from gains to losses and everything in between. We are poised on the edge of a blockchain revolution in many industries. Be smart, stay calm, and make some money.
The Growth of Manchester was driven by the cotton manufacturing Cotton supplied by slave labor in America’s south. Birmingham sold Guns that were traded for African slaves (1 gun for 1 slave) fueling the massive but forgotten slave catching wars that would destabilize much of the continent spreading chaos, horror and murder across Africa. Incidentally as Gerald Horne points out once Britain abolished the slave trade in 1807 the United States would take over, Brazil for example owes it’s massive black population to the energetic efforts of the american slave traders.
To conclude the wealth of the western powers like France, America, and Great Britain was based on slavery and genocide. Today this same process continues and Ironically as the UN revealed recently slavery is on the rise worldwide. Meanwhile with the end of the civil war in the United States they put an important loophole in the abolition of slavery allowing it for prisoners. Prison Labor is a massively growing sector of the american economy and just as the great fortunes of the 18th and 19th century were tied to slavery todays multinational corporations are deeply invested in the growth of the mass incarceration state. Of course it would take a whole new article to describe the companies involved big names like McDonalds and Goldman Sachs. Slavery didn’t end like they told us in school. Slavery is on the rise! Latin American workers in the US have become major new victims. There is no crime that capitalism will not commit if it creates a few percentage points of profit. Until Capitalism is abolished the world will never know an end to war, slavery, genocide, imperialism, exploitation and poverty.
"It typically takes weeks for 10-year Treasurys to move 29 basis points," noted Tom Di Galoma, head of fixed income rates in New York at ED&F Man Capital. "Today it moved 29 basis points in 5 minutes."
While the towers, in a backstage area behind the New Orleans Square train station, were initially cleared, Disney on its own took them back out of service on Tuesday. Disney is working with health officials on the status of the towers.
Glowering, Anna took in the facade of the store her friend had dragged her to. Unremarkable, the building had a vaguely old-style look, and seemed to be made of stone. It was kinda pretty, in its drab glory, even she'd admit that.
The only problem is that you have probably joined the most half ass trip of your life, filled with garbage, along with disrespect for your fellow ‘strangers’. Lets take a look at some examples to better avoid these torturous trips.
The main problem was that this process took too long and there were only experts who oversaw the product. The users and the business side did not. Any problem occurring during the long development process was noticed only at the end and everything had to be done from scratch.
As the design tasks are shorter than the development tasks, design sprints are shorter as well. Having dedign and development sprints with different length can sound a bit weird, but you just have to take care of the coordination between the two departments.
A non-profit freedom of information group, MuckRock, sued the CIA to force it to upload the collection, in a process which took more than two years.
On January 16, the People's Party representative in Schober's cabinet, Waber, resigned his post; Schober and Breisky took over as acting ministers of the interior and of education, respectively. Unable to govern without the support of the People's Party, Schober ultimately stepped down himself on January 26. Breisky was appointed his successor.
Reluctant support in the National Council nonwithstanding, the nationalists never forgave Schober for the Treaty of Lana. While Schober continued to fight Austria's crippling financial problems and otherwise focused on foreign policy, Seipel, still the chairman of the Christian Social Party, decided that the time had come for him to take over. In April, Schober left the country to participate in the crucial Genoa Conference. His opponents used his absence to orchestrate his replacement. In May, already on his way home, Schober learned that the Christian Socials had withdrawn their support his cabinet. Schober resigned on May 24; he agreed to stay on in a caretaker capacity until the first Seipel government could be sworn in on May 31.
Ousted as chancellor, Schober resumed his duties as the Vienna Chief of Police and the man in charge of Austrian public safety. He undertook to modernize the force, to expand its capacities, and to intensify international cooperation. In 1923, Schober convened the Second International Police Congress and took the initiative in creating Interpol. He personally assumed the role of Interpol's founding president. Schober otherwise focused on centralizing the Austrian police corps' command structure and on strengthening traffic police, criminal police, the intelligence network, and the force's internal welfare program. He also worked to reduce to influence of Social Democrats on the force.
Schober was also successful on the foreign policy front. In particular, Schober convinced the Allies of World War I, on a conference in The Hague in January 1930, to forgive the reparations that Austria still owed. Observers noted that Schober achieved his diplomatic victories through a strategy of comporting himself as an affable simpleton. Short, pudgy, intellectually outmatched, eager to oblige, happy to be patronized, and head of a country that was no threat to anyone any more, Schober seems to have put his negotiating partners into a generous mood. According to one contemporary Austrian cartoon, Schober received so many friendly pats on the shoulder from foreign dignitaries that he took to traveling with a cushion strapped to his back.
Akie attended exclusive Catholic schools in Tokyo from kindergarten through high school, and went on to a women’s training college. She then took a job at Dentsu Inc., Japan’s biggest advertising company, where her boss arranged an introduction to Abe. In a magazine interview earlier this year, she spoke of the criticism she faced for being unable to bear children.
Akie’s actions often speak louder than her words. In August, she took an unannounced trip to Okinawa, without a police escort or secretaries, to visit protesters who oppose the construction of helipads for the U.S. military in the north of the island. She said she didn’t consult her husband about the trip for fear he might oppose it.
Taking clear pictures of megaenzymes isn’t easy. But it’s definitely worth it. These proteins play an active role in creating many common antibiotics. They are in constant motion, with sections that flip around acrobatically to carry out necessary tasks. Now, for the first time, McGill researchers have been able to take a series of 3D images of a large section from one of these medicine-synthesizing enzymes in action. The researchers believe that the images they have generated will not only bring scientists closer to understanding how many antibiotics are made, but could, with further research, lead to the development of much needed next-generation antibiotics.
Paralyzing proteins to take their picture
Because these enzymes are too small to see and constantly in motion, Prof. Schmeing and his team, used chemical traps to capture the proteins in the desired position. They then used a technique called X-ray crystallography to essentially take a series of 3D pictures of the first module of an NRPS that makes the antibiotic gramicidin (an active ingredient of the Polysporin cream which may be in your medicine cabinet).
The DIG asked the station officer of the women’s police station to take the matter in her hands and give counselling to the girl. The female inspector got in touch with the boy and talked to the couple to search for better options for a better future.
Sapers also said facilities conduct “risk assessments,” before having to take the rare step of locking down an institution — if one was conducted at Alberta’s Bowden Institution assessing the impact of an interview, it was not included in the government’s federal court filing.
According to the affidavit filed by John McKill, Bowden’s acting assistant warden of management services, an on-camera interview with Khadr would take place in the administrative building, forcing other inmates “to be confined to their residential living units while the set-up for the interview and the interview itself took place.”
Since Cholo arrived we always refrained from making bold statements about our ambitions. Obviously our intentions are always to win, and for us, every match we play is a final whether it’s in the Champions League or La Liga. We are proud to be playing in the Champions League again and it’s a great time for the club. We will take every game as it comes, approach it with the mentality of a final and see what happens. This doesn’t mean that we don’t have big ambitions - I can assure you we do - but we prefer to keep them to ourselves [laughs].
Like I said before, every match is a final for us. Every match in the league is a game we must try to win. We take every match as it comes and try to win it, then when we get to the end of the season we will look and see how far it has taken us.
"They’ll end up being — more deeply involved in this, and the war won’t stop," Kirby said. "Opposition groups are certainly not going to pull back, extremist groups are likely going to expand and take advantage of the chaos…. And more Russian resources will be expended, more Russian lives will be lost, more Russian aircraft will be shot down."
That’s why I think I got choked up. It didn’t take me 60 seconds to talk to that mother about reading; but for the few seconds I gave her, her life, and her 5 children’s lives, were dramatically changed for the better. We think of medicine as saving people’s lives. In this case, maybe I saved several people’s lives; but unlike a more conventional view of medicine, I did not simply restore them to what they were before. Maybe I helped to make them much better, maybe I gave them a life that was larger, and fuller, and happier.
Peacock wasn't entirely to blame. By the late 1800s, the idea of the iron maiden was firmly cemented in the mind of the public, due to tales from one man. Johann Siebenkees was a philosopher and archaeologist, and in 1793, he decided to perpetrate a little hoax. He wrote about a coin forger in the 1500s who suffered a terrible fate — being enclosed in a casket full of spikes that slowly impaled him. How cruel people were in the past! People took him literally.
Even he may not have come up with the idea on his own. It's worth noting that in many of the older fairytales, it was a common fate of evil stepmothers to be sealed up in a cask which had nails driven into it. The cask was rolled down a hill into a lake. All Siebenkees did was take away the water.
appropriately," she said. "We want to make sure this is done properly and people need to recognize it will take some time but it will be done."
In the last few days, I’ve been thinking about something repeatedly. It isn’t too surprising, as the last few months have been really busy for my family. We welcomed the birth of our first child in early April, and naturally, he takes up a lot of our time and energy. His arrival has caused the four of us to re-examine how we prioritize our lives, and each other.
In the meantime we will take it: one day at a time... until the war is finally won.
Chris Buck: One of the big things that crossed my mind in reading your Beatles rankings is that there’s almost a religious sanctity around certain songs that you kind of pull apart and criticize. I know you’re not necessarily doing that on purpose but at one point you said something about challenging the orthodoxy of rock criticism. The Beatles are so sanctified yet the first half of the ranking basically talks about why those songs failed. That’s huge. You take songs that are on some of their most important albums and giving them low ratings. Did it take a certain mental leap for you to do that?
Cogent Christian responses to Ayn Rand are few. Positive Christian assessments are almost non-existent. I aim for this treatment to be both Christian and primarily positive, even though Ayn Rand was an atheist and outspokenly anti-Christian. I trust I will be forgiven the presumption of stepping outside my own specialty: My field is neither literary criticism nor philosophy but biblical, theological and pastoral. I write this because I take pleasure in extending to others the delight I have had in learning from Ayn Rand.
The virtue of justice has vast implications for inter-human relations. It affirms that “the principle of trade is the only rational ethical principle for all human relationships, personal and social, private and public, spiritual and material” (VS, 31). Justice means that “one must never seek or grant the unearned and undeserved, neither in matter nor in spirit” (VS, 26). Hence, the heroes of Atlas Shrugged take this oath: “I swear by my life and my love of it that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine” (AS, 680, 993).
Happiness, for Ayn Rand, “is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction” (VS, 29). On the basis of this definition, I am willing to say yes to the following sentence: “The achievement of his own happiness is man’s highest moral purpose” (VS, 27). The meaning of this sentence is not that a feeling is exalted above the nature of reality in guiding our choices. The sentence rests on the conviction that reality is such that true happiness—“non-contradictory joy”—is the inevitable outcome of a life devoted to the principle that A is A, and that there is no true joy to be found in faking reality in any way. For the rational man, the aim to be happy is the aim to realize his values, and the aim to realize his values is the aim to live as a man, and the aim to live as a man is an effort to take reality seriously, to respond properly to the axiom A is A, Man is Man (FNI, 125; AS, 942). I cannot fault the basic validity of this approach to ethics. It is my own, as far as it goes.
Why was there this conflict here? I think it was due to Rand’s thoroughgoing immanentalism: the complete rejection of a divine or supernatural dimension to reality. If she was right in her atheism and naturalism, then I think her system was consistent at the point of demanding only justice. Given the scope of reality that Ayn Rand took into account, the axiom A is A demands that men always trade value for value.
Therefore, Ayn Rand’s philosophy did not need to be entirely scrapped. Rather, it needed to take all of reality into account, including the infinite God. In this case her own premise—A is A—would have demand an alteration in what she conceived as rational and how she evaluated mercy. Since she claimed to “provide men . . . with an integrated and consistent view of life,” this alteration would have meant a rebuilding of the whole structure. No detail of her philosophy would have been left untouched. But enough has been said here. That reconstruction is the job of a lifetime.
"There's no way that this country can possibly afford the medical care costs and consequences of these preventable chronic illnesses," says Tuckson. "We have two freight trains headed directly into each other unless we take action now."
Things took a rather absurd twist when Edmund King, the President of the AA, contacted me suggesting I remove the above graphic as it might be “in breach of the Computer Misuse Act”.
Important information about our AA Accessories Shop on-line customers’ personal data We’re sorry. We are aware of concerns that we fell short in our handling of reports that some personal data from the AA Shop on-line had been compromised. We accept the criticism that the issue should have been handled better. We are grateful for the support of the information security community in flagging issues to us. Some of our customers’ personal data, given to us when they shopped online at our AA shop, became insecure when our service provider made an error with its computer systems leaving backup data exposed. We took steps to correct this when we were notified of this issue and then commissioned an investigation by external experts. This is ongoing, but we can now share the following information: We have notified the relevant authorities.
If one sees gross injustice or bias on the part of a testator, and takes corrective action (Aslaha) to restore justice to the will, he commits no sin. GOD is Forgiver, Most Merciful. Quran 2:182
OFAC’s designation of Márquez is authorized under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, better known as the Kingpin Act. President Bill Clinton signed the Kingpin Act into law in 1999. The main goal of the Kingpin Act is to deter drug trafficking into the U.S. by threatening to take away the ill-gotten gains of traffickers and to disrupt their ability to conduct future business with Americans.
To the extent Márquez would like the OFAC to lift his designation and more broadly convince to the U.S. government to leave him alone, he would likely need to provide the OFAC with information of value. Indeed, one motivation for the government to pursue persons who allegedly facilitate drug traffickers is that they might be willing to provide critical intelligence to help the government take down traffickers and cartels. Facilitators’ willingness comes from self-preservation: doing so would get them out of trouble. Put another way, the OFAC likely does not “want” Márquez —it wants what Márquez knows about Flores Hernandez, who, as explained above, has been charged with federal crimes.
Meanwhile, presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign finished May with just $1.3 million in the bank. Trump raised just $3.1 million for his campaign during May.
Former Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO—and current secretary of state—Rex Tillerson was scheduled to meet with President Trump in Washington at 1:35 p.m. EST, according to a schedule provided to reporters. Current Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO Darren Woods used a keynote address at an energy conference in Houston to tout his company’s Growing the Gulf initiative, described as a $20 billion investment in nearly a dozen projects in Louisiana and Texas. According to the conference agenda, Woods took the stage between 3:10 p.m. EST and 3:40 p.m. EST.* Exxon Mobil issued a 400-odd-word press release about its Gulf Coast initiative at 3:10 p.m. EST. The White House issued a 350-odd-word press release congratulating the company on its announcement—and touting it as an evidence of the president delivering on his “promise to bring back jobs to America.” That statement went out at 3:43 p.m. EST and Trump then tweeted it out at 4:19 p.m.
What you hear on film is not always what you might imagine it might be. We take a look at the shadowy art of sound engineering for the pictures.
To recreate a coherent and realistic sonic atmosphere for a scene, sound will be recorded on location. This is especially the case if the scene happens to take place in a unique sonic environment. If there is a scene in a rainforest for example, what better way to create genuine ambience than to capture the surrounding audio: water trickling in a nearby creek, distant birdsong, the leaves rustling. Even if these sounds were to be replaced later, it is important to have a reference for the potential sounds that may need to included later on. Which brings us to…
“Looping” is another key term associated with this process. The original footage of the on screen dialog is looped for the actor to record their new dialog. As the footage continues to be looped, the goal for the actor is to precisely match the timing and rhythm of the filmed dialog, in order to make the syncing of picture and sound as smooth as possible (incidentally, the loop record function in Pro Tools makes this task very efficient – simply have the actor perform the slice of dialog in sync with a loop of the recorded footage and takes will be stored for convenient comping).
Bottom line: There were conflicting reports on the ground, and that was reflected in conflicting and sometimes confused reports from the White House. I don’t think anyone would pretend that the Obama’s administration’s response to Benghazi was anywhere near ideal. Nevertheless, the fact is that their statements were usually properly cautious; the YouTube video really did play a role; the attack was opportunistic, not preplanned; and it doesn’t appear to have had any serious connection with Al Qaeda. It’s true that it took about 10 days for all this to really shake out, but let’s be honest: 10 days isn’t all that long to figure out what really happened during a violent and chaotic attack halfway around the world. I get that it’s a nice opportunity for Republicans to score some political points in the runup to an election, but really, there’s not much there there.
Marks said Flanagan had to be escorted by police out of the station when he was fired. Marks described him as "an unhappy man" and "difficult to work with," always "looking out for people to say things he could take offense to."
"Eventually after many incidents of his anger coming to the fore, we dismissed him. He did not take that well," Marks explained.
Discussion At its height, Enron was Houston's go‐to corporate philanthropist. The company gave heavily to arts groups, scholarship funds, and local medical centers (Philanthropy News Digest, 2001). But for all this good, it also engaged in surreptitious accounting fraud that eventually cost shareholders $11 billion when its stock price dropped from nearly $100 per share to $1 at the end of 2001. Such corporate misconduct toward stakeholders continues to be a common occurrence. In response, business practitioners and academics alike have considered how to increase CSR and, specifically, how leaders can facilitate CSR. This research has been instrumental to our understanding of how to encourage CSR yet it does not directly speak to the impetus for much of this research: Whether and when do firms behave badly? In this paper, we have begun to address these questions by considering how leaders’ psychological processes and personal characteristics relate to CSiR. Using archival data on Fortune 500 firms, we demonstrated that firms that engaged in prior socially responsible behavior are more likely to then engage in socially irresponsible behavior. In addition, we found that CEO moral identity symbolization moderates the relationship between prior CSR and CSiR, such that the relationship is stronger for CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization rather than low on moral identity symbolization. Theoretical Contributions This study has several theoretical contributions for research on CSR, strategic leadership, moral licensing, and moral identity. First, our work contributes to research on CSR in a number of ways. Past research has assumed that engaging in CSR has positive consequences and, thus, has focused on how CSR leads to positive outcomes such as firm financial performance. However, given that much psychological research has shown that good behavior leads to bad behavior (e.g., psychological licensing), it is important to understand whether CSR also results in detrimental outcomes. Our research draws on this psychological research to find that CSR can indeed result in negative consequences: heightened CSiR. We also contribute to CSR research in that previous research has been limited in its examination of the antecedents and consequences of CSiR (Campbell, 2007; Greenwood, 2007). To the extent that it has been examined, previous CSR researchers have focused on how prior CSiR affects subsequent CSR (e.g., Chatterji & Toffel, 2010; Muller & Kräussl, 2011). We consider the opposite relationship—that of how CSR affects subsequent CSiR. In addition, the research that has been conducted on CSiR has been at the firm‐level only. Our research complements this research by taking a microlevel approach and exploring the role of strategic leaders in shaping the CSR–CSiR relationship. To better understand this relationship, we draw on strategic leadership and moral licensing research to examine how a leader's implementation of past CSR might license them to subsequently be less ethical and careful when managing stakeholders’ needs. As such, we contribute to our understanding of CSR and CSiR in companies such as Enron or BP. Related to this contribution, researchers have called for studies that utilize social psychological theories to understand CSR, but little research has been conducted applying this lens (e.g., Rupp et al., 2011). Our research responds to this call by examining how moral identity relates to CSiR. We found that moral identity symbolization was not related to CSiR. At first blush this finding appears to run counter to moral identity research that finds moral identity to be positively related to prosocial behavior and negatively associated with antisocial behavior (see Shao, Aquino, & Freeman, 2008 for a review). However, recent research suggests the importance of contextual factors, such as past behavior, in understanding moral identity's effects on moral outcomes (Mulder & Aquino, in press). In line with this research, we find that prior CSR is an important contextual factor that influences whether leaders’ moral identity symbolization affects CSiR. This examination helps us better understand leaders’ attention to CSR and how it affects subsequent strategic choices about CSiR. Second, we contribute to strategic leadership research in which scholars have repeatedly called for studies that consider how the psychological processes of top leaders influence firm‐level outcomes (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007). Researchers have noted the difficulty of conducting this research because top leaders generally do not submit themselves to psychological assessments (Cannella & Monroe, 1997; Hambrick, 2007; Hermann, 1999; Sumanth & Cable, 2011). Although past research has utilized demographic variables as proxies of leaders’ personal characteristics, we contribute to strategic leadership literature by examining an important, but underexamined, personal characteristic of CEOs (i.e., moral identity symbolization) using a novel, unobtrusive methodology, the CAQ. Because the CAQ methodology transforms qualitative information into quantitative data, it allowed us to make comparisons across more CEOs and raters than the case study methodology allows. Third, our study contributes to research on moral licensing. To our knowledge, our study is the first to examine moral licensing at the organizational level using data with high ecological validity, and in this way our research contributes to the burgeoning literature on psychological licensing. Prior moral licensing research has been conducted at the individual level and within experimental settings to show that participants are more likely to engage in morally questionable behavior after having previously engaged in socially desirable behavior. By using data from Fortune 500 companies, we extend theoretical understanding of this psychological process to leaders and show its organizational‐level implications. In addition, we respond to recent calls by researchers to consider how individual differences affect moral licensing (Jordan, Mullen, & Murnighan, 2011; Miller & Effron, 2010). Our findings demonstrate a boundary condition to moral licensing research by showing that leaders who are less focused on their moral actions (i.e., low moral identity symbolization) are more likely to remain consistent. Alternatively, our study suggests that leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization may be more morally aware, as opposed to consistent, and thus know when they can and cannot engage in less ethical behavior without compromising their moral integrity. Therefore, this study contributes to our understanding of when inconsistency trumps people's basic desire for consistency (Bem, 1972; Festinger, 1957). Fourth, we contribute to moral identity research. The majority of research on moral identity has focused on moral identity internalization (see Shao et al., 2008, for a review; Winterich et al., 2012). Few studies have examined the effects of moral identity symbolization, despite research showing that symbolization has significant effects on behavior (e.g., Mayer et al., 2012). As such, one of our theoretical contributions to this research is our examination of symbolization effects. In addition, we contribute to the moral identity research by identifying an alternative method of measurement. Typically, studies have utilized Aquino and Reed's (2002) self‐report measure of moral identity symbolization. However, one potential drawback of this method is that it relies on individuals to report their behavior and their perceptions of themselves. In this way we provide a methodological contribution to this literature by using the Q‐sort methodology in which multiple judges, who were blind to the study hypotheses, rated the leaders on a wide range of behavior resulting in less biased ratings of moral actions. Practical Implications In addition to the theoretical contributions of this paper, our results have practical implications as well. First, our findings suggest that governance structures should be put in place that explicitly hold leaders accountable for both stakeholder management and stakeholder mismanagement. Given leaders’ propensity to engage in wrongdoing after they have previously engaged in CSR, boards should be particularly careful after the successful implementation of a CSR strategy to ensure that leaders do not become complacent. Moreover, boards should set clear rules about intolerance toward unethical or illegal behavior. Boards need to clearly communicate to top leaders that unethical behavior toward stakeholders will not be tolerated and specify the consequences of such mismanagement. Interestingly, Zhong and colleagues (2010) note that highlighting the importance of “doing good” and rewarding ethical behavior may inadvertently cause employees to engage in unethical behavior. As such, boards and leaders should take great caution in considering how to manage the CSR–CSiR relationship. Contrary to what one might expect, our research suggests that leaders who attempt to put forth a moral image are in fact more likely to engage in moral licensing behavior than are those who do not engage in symbolic moral action. Although boards may believe that CEOs who are high on moral identity symbolization can be trusted to behave ethically on a consistent basis, our research instead shows that they may be less likely to remain consistent. In fact, these leaders may be more in tune with managing others’ moral impressions of them and in maintaining a balanced moral scorecard, which may not always result in beneficial outcomes for the firm. This focus may be advantageous when companies have previously engaged in wrongdoing. However, it may be harmful when companies have previously engaged in CSR. Thus, boards should remain particularly vigilant of leaders who put forth a moral image. Limitations and Future Research The theoretical contributions and practical implications of our study should be considered with regard to the study's limitations. First, in this research we attend to moral licensing as one means to understand the short‐term CSR–CSiR relationship. We found robust support for this relationship by first demonstrating that prior CSR predicts future CSiR and second by conducting additional analyses that ruled out reverse causality. Although these analyses provide confidence for observed moral licensing in our present research, other research has found evidence for moral cleansing, whereby morally questionable actions give rise to ethical or prosocial behavior (Carlsmith & Gross, 1969; Sachdeva et al., 2009; Zhong & Liljenquest, 2006). Jordan and colleagues (2011) suggest that moral behavior is dynamic and acts much like a pendulum that swings between moral cleansing and moral licensing. One limitation then of our study is that we only examine a short time period, which may only capture a snapshot of a larger moral licensing‐cleansing cycle. Future research should investigate this pendulum by examining CSR and CSiR over a longer time frame. Second, one might note that the effect sizes in this study are small. Though categorized as small, the effect sizes are comparable with other studies examining CEOs’ impact on CSR (e.g., Deckop et al., 2006; McGuire, Dow, & Argheyd, 2003). In addition, despite the stability of CSiR over time (e.g., the correlation between CSiR 2001–2002 and CSiR 2003–2004 is highly significant), our results indicate that leadership still plays an important role in shaping organizations’ CSR strategies. Finally, small effect sizes can still be impactful when they show a dependent variable (in this case, CSiR) is influenced by an unlikely independent variable (in this case, CSR; Prentice & Miller, 1992). Specifically, Prentice and Miller (1992) note that “showing that an effect holds even under the most unlikely circumstances possible can be as impressive as (or, in some cases, perhaps even more impressive than) showing that it accounts for a great deal of variance” (p. 163). In our case, finding that socially responsible behavior relates to subsequent irresponsible behavior is important. Finally, although the CAQ methodology offers great benefits to examining top leaders at a distance, it is not without its limitations. First, because of the qualitative nature of the CAQ, it is possible that the data were biased because of journalists’ or coders’ biases. Although our use of varied sources to create our packets of information on each CEO as well as our use of multiple coders minimizes the impact of any individual bias, we cannot fully isolate personal prejudgment or bias in our data. Second, our study is restricted in its sample. Given the level of detail required to complete a CAQ, our sample was limited to CEOs of large, American firms that received extensive coverage in the business press. However, given that leaders have more discretion in smaller firms than they do in larger firms (Miller, Ket de Vries, & Toulouse, 1982), it is likely that this sample serves as a conservative test of our study hypotheses (i.e., results might be even stronger within smaller organizations in which leaders have more control of communication and the decision‐making process). Our study suggests a number of future research directions. In our study we focused on an aggregated measure of CSR, arguing that leaders who develop CSR strategies that balance the needs of a variety of stakeholders subsequently are more likely to engage in CSiR that hurts a variety of stakeholders. This general approach is important because it is the first test of moral licensing in relation to CSR strategies. However, it does not disentangle whether leaders are engaging in domain or nondomain specific moral licensing. Following from earlier moral licensing work in experimental settings, which found that moral licensing at the individual‐level can be both domain and nondomain specific (e.g., Mazar & Zhong, 2011; Monin & Miller, 2001), future research should examine whether moral licensing in firms is domain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment then lead to negative action toward the environment?) or nondomain specific (e.g., does positive action toward the environment subsequently lead to negative action toward employees?). Another avenue for future research on CSR–CSiR is to explore the moderating effects of other psychological and contextual factors on CSiR. In this paper, we focused on one important psychological characteristic influencing the CSR–CSiR relationship, moral identity symbolization, but other psychological and contextual factors likely exist. For example, factors such as leader cognitive moral development and moral philosophies are related to ethical leadership (see Kish‐Gephart, Harrison, & Treviño, 2010 for a review) and may influence how leaders use past moral behavior as a guide to determine subsequent moral behavior. It is also possible that leaders who are more actively engaged in developing and implementing strategies may simultaneously engage in both CSR and CSiR. Thus, leader personality attributes related to assertiveness and conscientiousness may also be important to consider. With regard to contextual factors, future research should explore how contextual factors such as organizational culture influence the CSR–CSiR relationship. Given that previous research shows paradoxical negative effects of a meritocratic culture on sexism in the workplace (Castilla & Benard, 2010), we may find that organizational cultures intended to increase the ethical standards of the organization actually lead to subsequent CSiR. Future research studies exploring these psychological and contextual factors are important as they will allow us to better understand how leaders can manage both CSR and CSiR. Our findings also have implications for future research on moral licensing. This study, to our knowledge, is the first to demonstrate moral licensing effects at the organizational level in an organizational context, and our interaction results further indicate leader moral regulation is an important determinant of CSiR. However, like much prior moral licensing research, we did not directly test the underlying moral licensing processes as our initial goal was to demonstrate moral licensing at the organizational level. Having done so, our findings warrant future exploration and identification of the mechanisms driving moral licensing effects (e.g., moral credits). For instance, future research could empirically test whether leaders’ moral credits are indeed bolstered after implementing a CSR strategy. To assess the relationship between the firm's CSR ratings and leaders’ moral credits, a future study could code the manner in which CEOs discuss prior CSR through interviews after the release of the KLD ratings. Moreover, future moral licensing research should explore other factors that may influence the moral licensing effect, such as leaders’ identification with their organization. Given that some leaders are promoted from within their firm whereas others are outsiders, their identification level may vary, which in turn may influence the degree to which they internalize moral credits accrued from their firm's past CSR. Relatedly, longer‐tenured CEOs, who helped implement prior CSR strategies, may be more likely to engage in moral licensing than shorter‐tenured CEOs, who did not implement prior CSR strategies. As such, future research should explore how leader identification and tenure, as well as whether a leader was an internal or external hire, influences the CSR–CSiR relationship. Our research also warrants further investigation in the area of moral identity, and in particular, moral identity symbolization. Specifically, future research should pinpoint why leaders who are high on moral identity symbolization are less likely to be consistent in their moral actions than are those who are low on moral identity symbolization. In contrast to our findings, Zhong and colleagues (2010) suggested that individuals with high moral maturity, or people who consider morality as central to their identity, should be more consistent in their moral action over time than those with low moral maturity because it is more critical to them that they maintain a positive moral image. Our research contradicts their prediction by finding that those with high moral identity symbolization are actually less consistent in their moral action. Although our data cannot directly speak to why high moral identity leaders were more likely to engage in moral licensing, it may be that individuals who are high on moral identity symbolization do not strongly identify with being a moral person (i.e., moral identity internalization). Therefore, their engagement in moral licensing may reflect their strategic use of moral actions. Future research should explore the underlying mechanisms linking moral identity symbolization to moral licensing. Future research regarding moral identity measures is also necessary. Moral identity researchers typically use self‐report measures to assess this construct. We relied on third party data to obtain our measure of moral identity symbolization. Using the Q‐sort methodology allowed us to discreetly measure moral identity symbolization; however, questions remain as to the degree of overlap between self‐report measures and the Q‐sort method we utilized. Future research should examine the degree to which self‐report measures of moral identity internalization and symbolization correlate with the Q‐sort measure of symbolization and what implications a mismatch might have on the CSR–CSiR relationship. In addition, future research should examine how this Q‐sort measure of moral identity symbolization correlates with other related constructs such as ethical leadership and a moral personality (Brown & Treviño, 2006; McFerran et al., 2010).
Anyone who has handled guns knows mistakes happen - and that we don't always hear about it. McLaren was reminded of that in 1992 when he took a trip to New York to recover from a tough year investigating the "Mr Cruel" child abductions.
Nearly five years ago, he started on the JFK project. As a detective, he says, he was happy to go "where the evidence takes us". He bought a 26-volume set of the official Warren Commission report. Then the 5000-page Assassination Records Review Board finding of 1993, which lifted secrecy provisions on material from 28 Government agencies.
Rob Warner is a legend in the British mountain biking scene. A key cog as far back as the early 90s, Rob became the first ever British rider to win on the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup tour when he took the top spot at Kaprun in Austria in 1996.
Back in the Freecaster days, when Rob openly admits to have been commentating half-cut in a party booth, there seemed to be no topic the dude wouldn’t take on. And he’s continued to deliver some of the funniest action sports commentary ever on the Red Bull microphone.
As you might then be able to imagine, Ben is an incredibly busy guy and so it was to our great fortune he was able to take some time out of his busy schedule to talk to us about the importance of proper nutrition in rugby.
The main focus within your nutritional personalisation should be the amount of carbs you take on board. Whilst a player with an ectomorphic body type may be able to consumer a larger quantity of carbohydrates, a player with an endomorphic body type will likely need to restrict their carb intake in order to avoid it becoming stored as fat. Unfortunately there is no exact science behind this approach so instead start from a point you feel is appropriate for your body shape and goals and then adjust your consumption accordingly.
I’ve stressed about this for years, I’ve tried talking to people on both sides, almost all of whom I respect. I was invited to join BPT in 2012 by Sir John Scarlett and became a trustee for 18 months. My main goal in becoming a trustee was to try to ensure Bletchley Park as a whole’s future success, with a fundamental part of that being trying to help both trusts work together with a view to at some point becoming a single trust. I sought to get BPT to agree to ask TNMOC to go to external mediation together to get them talking to each other and working on a way of moving forward together. Unfortunately I was not able to persuade the board to take that route.
STAY DRY WITH RAIN GEAR. This is Oregon in May. Dress WARMLY. You can always take it off, but you can't put it on if you don't have it with you.
So lo and behold - those who are responsible for all the False Flag events; those behind the JFK assassination, the attack on the USS Liberty in 1967 where 34 US sailors were killed in a botched attempt by the Israelis to pin the blame on Egypt and above all, the very people who planned and executed 9/11 - are now trying to make it illegal for anyone to criticize them! You'd think it couldn't get much worse than this! Wrong! Zionists are of the Ashkenazi tribe. They are not Jews. They were originally from Georgia, Russia. By the time of the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, they'd assumed control of virtually every significant position. What followed was murder and mutilation on a scale that truly beggars belief. I read Alexander Solzhenitsyn book 'Two Hundred Years Together.' After all, this dissident won the 1970 Nobel Prize for Literature. His credibility could not be questioned yet this book was a blow by blow account of how 66 million Russians were butchered by the Ashkenazi. So I had to read it and my oh my - some of the methods of torture were so revolting at times it was positively stomach churning. Families would be forced to watch their children being mutilated one by one. It still gives me nightmares. To take someone's life for no reason is deplorable but I cannot for the life of me comprehend how any human could wish to inflict such unimaginable fear, pain and horror upon anyone. I don't care what upbringing one may have had - this is sick.
"The key take away from these data is that we need to find better and more effective ways to educate the general public on the importance of providing bystander CPR, and the importance of being comfortable delivering it regardless of the factors like the gender, age, or even the weight of the person in need," said senior author Benjamin Abella, MD, MPhil, director of Penn's Center for Resuscitation Science and a professor of Emergency Medicine in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. "This study and other investigations from our team are only just beginning to peel back the layers on CPR rates and training disparities, cardiac arrest survival, and the public's understanding of the importance of rapid intervention during a cardiac emergency."
Captain took part in the capture of Martinique in 1809. In April 1809, a strong French squadron arrived at the Îles des Saintes, south of Guadeloupe. There they were blockaded until 14 April, when a British force under Major-General Frederick Maitland invaded and captured the islands. Captain was among the naval vessels that shared in the proceeds of the capture of the islands.[Note 1]
Ward agreed to let the troopers bind his hands with duct tape. He got down on the ground in a gravel parking lot. Troopers squirted ketchup on his head and pooled it on the ground around him to mimic blood. They then took a photo and put the picture in Jones' phone.
The history of the Ku Klux Klan and its inherent racism are inexorably linked to the Democratic Party. Apologists ferociously distance themselves from that fact, claiming the Democratic Party of today is nothing like the party of the second half of the 19th century. The truth, however, is that Democrats supported Klan-backed oppression and violence against blacks and Republicans for more than 100 years. It takes only a handful of examples over time to illustrate this ugly track record.
From the high ground of space, it’s almost impossible to take a bad picture of the jewel box landscape below, but the Apollo VII crew managed that ignoble feat. The odd framing and poor sun control in this shot destined it for the discard pile. But that’s Florida below, with the north end of the state to the left and the south to the right and the embarkation point—Cape Canaveral—visible as a sharp projection along Atlantic coast. The red light on the Gulf of Mexico and the comparatively low angle of the sun create the mood of a tropical sundown—a little bit of beachfront bliss that was, at that moment, entirely out of the astronauts’ reach.
Spaceflights were often reconnaissance missions and dirty portholes could make that job impossible. Gas trapped between layers of glass or moisture picked up on the way out of the atmosphere could make windows impossible to use, though the fogging or streaking would often clear up as the sun warmed the spacecraft skin. The public saw only the pretty pictures shot through clear windows, but here the Apollo 12 crew took a shot to show NASA the challenges they faced.
The cockpit of the LEM was supposed to be a bright and active place, but on Apollo XIII it became a darkened still lifeboat, as the crew shut down nearly all of its power and took refuge in the hope of getting home after an explosion disabled their command module. In the middle of the instrument panel a label that reads “lunar contact” is barely visible. A blue light beneath it was supposed to flash on the moment the lunar module made contact with the lunar surface. On Apollo XIII, it remained forever dark.
In 2007, Sag Harbor photographer Lindsay Morris began attending camp. She took pictures of the children and their families to document their camp experience. But as the years passed and her photo library grew, Morris thought about doing something more with the pictures. In 2012, thanks to the courage of some of the families, Morris’ photographs appeared in a cover story for the New York Times Magazine . The book, titled You Are You , is an expansion of that project.
With many student loan borrowers graduating right now, student loan companies are taking notice. With most Federal and private student loans, borrowers get a six month grace period before their first payment is due. It's during this time that scammers try to take advantage of unsuspecting student loan borrowers, and borrowers need to know what to expect.
3. The consolidation company does nothing and takes your money.
This is a scam because real lenders don't charge any fees up front. Instead, legitimate lenders will take a fee at closing of the loan, typically from the loan amount so you actually pay nothing out of pocket. If you are contacted by a company asking for a fee up front, avoid them - it is a scam.
It's important to remember that scammers prey on you when you're most vulnerable - likely buried in debt or simply uninformed. That's how they take advantage of you. However, there are some simple tricks that you can use to protect yourself.
First, never pay for anything up front. Real lenders and student loan companies take a percentage when everything is complete, and you don't pay out of pocket.
Second, simply call your lender if you have a problem. Your student loan servicing company has a lot of different ways to help you, and many of them only take a short phone call and a little paperwork to get done. You can usually get different repayment plans, forbearance, deferment, and more. So, before you go to another company, go with your current student loan lender.
Third, never sign any paperwork giving a third party company "Power of Attorney" or legal authority to negotiate on your behalf. These companies sometimes attempt to take control of your loans, and then hold you hostage if you don't pay.
Don't let anyone take away your financial power to deal with your student loan debt. You can deal with any student loan problem yourself with just a phone call and some paperwork.
“I don’t hate Flipkart,” Murthy wrote in 2013. ”I just don’t think it’s the right way to build a business. My preference is always for a new business to start with a clear, sustainable competitive benefit to consumers, differentiate sharply, grow organically from the ground up, take money if needed to grow—not survive, and build a real business, that makes more money than it spends.”
And while that may take some time, for now everybody seems happy about the massive amounts of money pouring into India’s e-commerce industry.
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
Nowadays we have computers and phones equipped with multi-core processors. These computers can actually perform multiple computations in parallel. All the cores or processors share the same memory (RAM) and IO bus. The operating system is able to schedule work on different cores simultaneously. This is called symmetric multi processing (SMP). Programs take advantage of SMP. With the help of the operating system, the programs distribute computation to multiple cores, and bring down the overall execution time by a huge factor. The operating system, and programming language features play a huge role in making SMP available to programmers. The intension of this post is to delve deep and understand how the language features, operating system and hardware architecture enables use of SMP in applications. If one is already well versed in multi-threaded application programming, he/she may skip directly to “Understanding SMP hardware architecture“.
The main reason for all the complexity in multi-threaded applications is that, the same data / memory location gets shared between multiple threads. Let us take a very simple task of incrementing a counter. Whenever an event occurs, we need to increment the counter. A simplified series of operations needed for incrementing a counter is as follows:
Consider this, if FDR did know about the attack and wanted to let it happen, what about the following? In the hours before dawn, U.S. Navy vessels spotted an unidentified submarine periscope near the entrance to Pearl Harbor. It was attacked and reported sunk by the destroyer USS Ward (DD-139) and a patrol plane. At 7:00 a.m., an alert operator of an Army radar station at Opana spotted the approaching first wave of the attack force. The officers to whom those reports were relayed did not consider them significant enough to take action. The report of the submarine sinking was handled slowly awaiting the request for further confirmation, and the radar sighting was passed off as an approaching group of American B-17s due to arrive that morning.
It also has a garden area south of the main residence that takes it design cues from the Dumbarton Oaks estate in Washington D.C., a listing agent previously told DNAinfo Chicago.
"If you consider that the private sector's had 19,000 complaints statewide verse 12,000 in this one region alone something had to give, and when it's complaints about buses not turning up, poor performance, we need to take action for our customers."
Peyghambarian's hologram is created by a suite of 16 cameras that use lasers to record data on "smart" plastic some distance away that, when hit by a special light, project the image in solid-looking 3D. A partner team at Columbia University is studying ways to beam the holo-data via the Internet, to allow 3D video chats or instantaneous transmission of holographic maps, blueprints or medical scans. Peyghambarian said it might take a decade for the technology to become affordable and widespread. Weaponization would be much further behind (though we wouldn't bet on today's cash-strapped military to invest in a Face-of-Allah gun). Cost aside, it's just not very PC.
Jürgen Klopp has insisted a much-improved Liverpool side will take to the field for Thursday's Europa League semi-final against Villarreal, as the Reds aim to bounce back from a 3-1 defeat at Swansea City.
“If they want to commemorate the Vietnam War, man, they can welcome the veterans home. Set up some apparatus to take the pain away.”
"If this is correct, we are deeply disappointed and deplore the fact that the Cuban government has decided not to take this opportunity to extend this humanitarian release to Mr. Gross this holiday season, especially in light of his deteriorating health, and to put an end to the Gross family’s long plight," State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Saturday.
Ally Washington, the United Nations and Egypt all called for an urgent rethink after Sunday's announcement, which angered the Palestinians and alarmed Israeli peace campaigners, and comes days after a long-term ceasefire between Israel and the Palestinians took hold.
"I think we have seen a Red Bull at the start of the 2016 season that did not have, at least on paper, the attributes to try to take on Ferrari. And by the end of the season, Red Bull did effectively become a viable competitor.
LG: I understand you’re working on a new book that’s going to take the financial press to task. Can you give us a sneak preview?
Back in February, Harry Wentland posted a patch set adding the new "DAL display driver" to the AMD GPU subsystem; this driver, he said, would "allow us going forward to bring display features on the open amdgpu driver (mostly) on par with the Catalyst driver." It was not a small patch, adding 279 new source files containing nearly 94,000 lines of code. That code saw little public discussion and was never merged, though it has become clear that some private discussion took place.
The code that had been removed so far is, naturally enough, the easiest third to take care of; getting rid of the rest of the midlayer will require some significant refactoring of the code. Vetter provided a roadmap for how that work could be done; Wentland and AMD developer Tony Cheng agreed that the path seemed workable. Wentland acknowledged that things could have been done better at AMD, saying: "We really should've started DC development in public and probably would do that if we had to start anew." Actually getting all that work done may take a while; it must compete with other small tasks like making the driver actually work for existing and upcoming hardware.
I can see the backlash now, “Oh no, I couldn’t possibly allow my six-figure imported horse to take a step in grass. He might go lame.” He could go lame for any reason, but sure OK, whatever you want to believe.
If you are fortunate enough to be exposed to fox chasing, take full advantage of it, those tools learned last a lifetime. ^^same kid both pics^^
Away from the towers that soar above the City of London, there is another England. It is an ugly place. In this England, a million young people have their hopes blasted every day. In this England, thousands of work-starved youngsters search for jobs that do not exist. In this England, legions of kids find themselves crowded into sink estates that tower over streets absent of power and absent of hope. They are the England left behind by globalisation. And they are the England who, in 2011, took to the streets and smashed up their neighbourhoods.
The argument is certainly not that material hardship necessarily leads to unruly behaviour. The vast majority of youngsters affected by the crisis behaved like responsible citizens and stayed at home when trouble flared. But since we know that inequality and resentment against the authorities are always factors in a riot, why should it have been any different this time around? The prizewinning Reading The Riots report, put together by the Guardian, supports this idea – that most people who took part in 2011’s disorder were part of this “lost generation” of the young: kids from the poorest families, from the most hopeless places. The Other England.
“This year, Sanfrecce, Marinos and Frontale finished in the top three and took the Asian Champions League places, so I’ll be supporting them in the Emperor’s Cup at new year so that we can get a place in the ACL too.”
The 27-year-old was leaving the Cineworld complex in Crawley, West Sussex, in the early hours of Sunday when the sickening attack took place.
Police said the incident took place after the movie which centres on hip hop group NWA had ended.
So the next best thing, they dream about stripping for an audience. They especially love it when a man takes out a few notes and dangles them down her G-strings. Women do feel a tad awkward to talk about it with their man, but I really think they should. That would be two fantasies with one stone.
Women wonder what it would be like to be in a man’s shoes. Or more precisely put, they wonder what it would be like to be in a man’s boxers. They dream about stories where they could wear his long trench coat and a cap with nothing inside and take the man in the front or back. [Read: Sexual roleplay tips]
She could do whatever she wants, talk dirty, ask the guy to take her from the back, talk about another woman, whatever she wants. Many women want to talk about a lot of things in bed, but worry too much about what their man might think of their female fantasy. A meeting with a stranger, at least in her head takes away a lot of those inhibitions. [Read: How to start fantasizing about someone else with your lover]
The National Academy of Sciences takes a stronger stance, concluding that any amount of ionizing radiation increases cancer risk, but radiation biologist Jacqueline Williams, who works at University of Rochester Medical Center, told the AP the risk is minimal:
“My friends and I don’t want to sue — Andy and Joe want to focus on their forthcoming happy day — but others might want to take action.”
Imagine a scenario where you need to split a layout in half. Content on the left and content on the right. Basically two equal height columns are needed inside of a container. Each side takes up exactly half of the container, creating a distinct break between one. Like many things in CSS, there are a number of ways to go about this and we're going to go over many of them right now!
This works with a single container element. However, that also means that it will take working with floats or possibly some other layout method if content needs to fill both sides of the container.
Using this method, we turn our parent container into a flexible box with the child containers taking up an equal share of the space. No need to set widths or heights! Flexbox just knows what to do, because the defaults are set up perfectly for this. For instance, flex-direction: row; and align-items: stretch; is what we're after, but those are the defaults so we don't have to set them. To make sure they are even though, setting flex: 1; on the sides is a good plan. That forces them to take up equal shares of the space.
Japanese producer TOYOMU, frustrated by the lack of Pablo in Japan due to the unavailability of streaming services like TIDAL and Spotify, took matters into his own hands and just straight up remade it himself—without hearing it first. In 印象III : なんとなく、パブロ (Imagining The Life of Pablo), TOYOMU uses sample credits from WhoSampled and lyrics from Genius to recreate a supremely Dali-esque version of Pablo, in which a robotic voice insists Taylor Swift would have sex with it and "I Love Kanye" becomes "I still love K.A.N.Y.E." recited entirely in Japanese. The Pablo-deprived producer also demonstrates a very wry grasp of American pop culture by replacing "FML" with "BTI (Break The Internet)" and "No More Parties in LA" with "nikeezy." The kids will try to tell you it's vaporwave, but it's not.
The former Aggies receiver took 84.2 percent of his snaps at right wide receiver over the six games charted for Reception Perception. Over 66 percent of them came with Reynolds attached to the line of scrimmage playing the X-receiver spot. He gained some experience playing in the slot, traveling there on 5.3 percent of his snaps, 24 in total.
Though he was not asked to run many other routes at a high frequency, Reynolds largely passed any and all tests in limited showings by scoring above the average on all routes outside of the nine and post. It may take time, but Reception Perception indicates the senior wideout could develop into a more complete player as his career goes on.
With verifiable strengths in the air in the contested catch game and more notably on the ground after the catch, Reynolds has abilities to lean on while he marinates in the technical portions of the wide receiver craft. Of all the developmental receivers who need to overcome limitations brought on by their college role, take Josh Reynolds as the one to see his ability shine through over his assignment. The ceiling might not be tremendous in his future outlook, with a lack of spectacular scores across the board, but don’t be surprised if by 2019 or earlier, Reynolds is competing for or locked down a prominent complementary spot in a passing game.
, , and let you view photos by relevant data contained in the photo's EXIF information. People scans your photo collection for faces. DigiKam recognises faces as faces, and can even take guesses as to their identities (an "experimental" feature). Scanning your entire collection from the start can take a while, but once the initial scan is done, digiKam only scans photos upon import, so be patient on the first use and you won't even notice it happening from then on.
If you're not using digiKam, and you also find yourself ignoring your photos, you owe it to yourself to give digiKam a go. If you're looking for a good photo manager with facial recognition, photo effects, and all the export options you could ever want, then get digiKam. In short, if you take photographs, you should treat yourself to digiKam.
It took a few years for us to pull out of the nosedive and we burned through the remainder of that aforementioned war chest. I remember it all too well. Lying in bed at night with that tightness in my chest, my breathing shallow, sweating out the next payroll. One Christmas (Christmas is brutal because in our sector revenues plunge while your payroll goes up), we had three payrolls in December. I was cashing out investments and ended up skipping my own salary for about 6 weeks.
The employees get paid whether or not the business makes money, as long as there is a business to pay them. The owners form the capital , either they put in their own money, or that of their “friends and family” or they take on debt. When they take on debt, a small business owner is almost always required to put up personal guarantees: the house, the savings, the spouses assets, everything. The big boys, not so much. I doubt very much that the Morneau family has to put up one of their houses (or yachts) whenever Morneau Sheppell does a bond issuance. Something tells me they just sail through the compliance process too…
, either they put in their own money, or that of their “friends and family” or they take on debt. When they take on debt, a small business owner is almost always required to put up personal guarantees: the house, the savings, the spouses assets, everything. The big boys, not so much. I doubt very much that the Morneau family has to put up one of their houses (or yachts) whenever Morneau Sheppell does a bond issuance. Something tells me they just sail through the compliance process too… Small businesses don’t get bailed out. We are not “too big to fail” or “too big to jail”. We are “too little to care” and “too small to matter”. The more small businesses fail, the more their assets and market share can get swept off the table into the deep pockets of politically ensconced conglomerates and mega-corps.
Meanwhile, his right-hand man (also born rich and took over a company his dad founded) flagrantly revels in conflicts, got even richer over the course of his term as FM.
The team will continue to monitor the reef over the years to see how the reef recovers, which they say could take a decade or more.
Meanwhile, close to 450,000 immigrants are held annually across the United States, with many living in substandard, terrible conditions in crowded facilities while waiting for their day in immigration court. It can take months or even years to get to court, and because undocumented immigrants are not citizens, they are not entitled to the legal rights that would make such gross delays in justice a civil rights violation under the law. ICE and related agencies have created a logistical nightmare for the government and a terrifying reality for immigrants, not to mention a wildly expensive immigration tangle; the U.S. spent a reported two billion dollars on immigration detention in 2014.
I've custom built my own 3D printer, and have been turning out print after print of my prototype case design; but this process is slow... Very Slow. Every case takes me an hour and a half to print. Which means I have to keep the costs high to keep demand low.
God made man and woman: separate, opposite and at least, in some ways, some of the time, equal. That is often thought of as the Christian view. But, despite much opposition, trans people are increasingly being welcomed within our churches. And not just welcomed, but asked to take a lead; that is accepted and authorized as ministers, pastors, priests -- as those entrusted to teach and lead and guide and care.
I recently undertook a mapping exercise of Christian churches across the US and Europe to support a project considering the legal rights of transgender and transsexual persons in a global context. And, speaking as a sociologist (activists, very naturally, would take a different view), there has been a surprising amount of change over the last decade. An increasing number of the larger mainstream Protestant denominations now accept and welcome transgender Christians in their congregations and in roles of leadership, and conduct marriages involving transgender people.
Powered by four turboprop engines, the Model 1211-J was a colossus—160 feet long with a wingspan of 227 feet, about the size of the Convair behemoth it was to replace. It was designed around a new 43,000-pound conventional bomb but could carry nuclear weapons as well. It could also carry its own fighter escorts, as parasites under its immense wings. A variety of fighter types were suggested, including Douglas' new ogival-wing jet, the F4D Skyray. The fighters' jet engines were to be powered up to assist the carrier bomber during takeoff; refueling of the fighters was to take place while they were stowed on the mothership's underwing pylons.
By including so many options, the Model 1211-J's designers tried to make the bomber a paragon of multi-tasking self-sufficiency. They had hoped to sell the Air Force not just a single bomber but a family of aircraft, with a variety of airframes to choose from, including custom options and mission-specific add-ons. But would asking so much of the 1211-J compromise its ability to do its main job: put bombs on target? "I've always been a minimalist in aircraft design," says aerospace historian and author Dick Hallion. "When you take a look at this Douglas design, there's a lot of frou-frou. There are a lot of things here that wouldn't work out well operationally. There are a lot of issues that make turboprops unreliable: gearbox issues, shafting issues, the propellers themselves. These are all complex problems that need to be worked out." And even if Douglas engineers could have solved the 1211-J's problems, the bomber's fussy design would have made it a maintenance nightmare.
Moore’s job required her to drive to take care of patients in their homes, and she was jailed last year for driving with a suspended license.
Well, here we are – less than one week away from the launch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice on September 8th! I hope everyone’s been enjoying the Nintendo 3DS demo. If you haven’t tried it yet, *gasp* then what are you waiting for? A personal invitation? Well, luckily, I have one of the game designers, Mr. Daigo, here today to tell us about what in this demo makes it extra special. Plus, I have some extra designer and cultural notes about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s designs, and other random trivia floating about, so pull up a chair and enjoy this week’s dev and loc blog! ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A Revolutionary Demo Hi, everyone. I’m game designer Yoriki Daigo. I’m here today to talk about my long history of fighting to the death with the director, Mr. Yamazaki. I mean, considering how we first met... What? I can’t talk about that? It’s not interesting, and too graphic... Plus, there’s a downloadable demo on the Nintendo 3DS eShop to talk about? But what about all those people who’ve already tried the demo at events like E3, Anime Expo, and San Diego Comic-Con this year? Well, actually...! The downloadable demo is even better than the version you tried! We’ve powered it up with the following four things: 1) A teaser trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! 3) Shah’do! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! Let’s take a closer look at each of these power ups. 1) A teaser trailer! Clear the demo to see an exclusive new trailer! 2) The Dance of Devotion! The downloadable demo features the sacred dance Rayfa performs at the beginning of each Divination Séance, which you can watch to your heart’s content. But for those of you who’d rather hurry and get to the Divination Séance itself, fear not! We have made this scene skippable just for you. 3) Shah’do! This lovable little doggie, Shah’do, makes an appearance in the downloadable demo. Just when he makes his appearance is something you’ll have to play to find out! 4) The main game’s opening sequence! We’ve added both the full game’s opening anime and Episode 1’s opening to the demo. (From the opening anime for Spirit of Justice) (From the Episode 1 opening in Spirit of Justice) Speaking of the Episode 1 opening, Mr. Yamazaki had a big smile on his face one day when he came up to me and said... Yamazaki: “So, I had this amazing thought...” Daigo: “And?” Yamazaki: “And I was thinking we could have a bunch of different images appear on the surface of the treasure box in the opening sequence.” Daigo: “Hey, that’s not a bad idea!” I gathered the art designers and programmers at once, and they told me that as long as it wasn’t in 3D, they could probably make some sort of movie of what he was envisioning. Daigo: “They said they’ll probably be able to pull it off, but it might be tough if it’s in 3D.” Yamazaki: “What? But the game’s on the Nintendo 3DS, so it should be in 3D.” Daigo & designers & programmers: “Gnarrrrgh!” There was blood pouring from the designers and programmers’ eyes. At this rate, I was afraid that the last thing I’d see in this world was going to be my fellow team members as they descended on me. However, everyone agreed that it would be better to have the opening be in 3D. And so, they went about trying to figure out how to do it. They figured that if they could get pictures to appear on a still box, then they could probably find a way to make it 3D. That’s when Mr. Yamazaki said... Yamazaki: “Um... Can we make this box rotate somehow?” Daigo & designers & programmers: “NoooooOOOOOOOOOO(screen flash) oooooOOOOooooooooooo!(*smack* *smack* *break*)” Everyone had a mini-breakdown all at once, but this talented team wasn’t about to be beaten. We all agreed it would be cool to have the treasure box spin, so, even though I have no idea how they did it, the art designers and programmers worked together and managed to make the box turn – and in 3D. I couldn’t believe it. I... I was saved! No one would need to divine what had happened to me through a Divination Séance! Or so I thought, because Mr. Yamazaki just couldn’t be stopped! Yamazaki: “Um... Actually... do you think you could... "...make the box look like it’s is coming out of the picture in this scroll?” Nngh... NNNNGGGGHHHOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!! It’s time for a revolution! And that’s how the evil Mr. Yamazaki was overthrown and how peace came to the Spirit of Justice team☆ ...Huh. Well, what do you know? My story somehow ended up being about how Mr. Yamazaki and I fought to the death anyway! In any case, I hope you’ll check out how the spinning box turned out for yourself in the opening of the downloadable demo for Nintendo 3DS. *This entry is a work of fiction. The characters of “the evil Mr. Yamazaki,” “the designers,” “the programmers,” and “Daigo” are in no way related to their real-life counterparts – in fact, we’re actually all very good friends. Furthermore, all of the ideas discussed above were given by the dev team as a whole. However... The fact that we kept refining features like this in order to make something even better IS NOT A WORK OF FICTION! Yamazaki: “...You know, I don’t mind that you made me out to be the bad guy in this, but... isn’t this entire entry structured almost exactly like the one you wrote for Dual Destinies? Plus, isn’t the whole "rebelling against some crazy impossible task" thing exactly the same as my entry? Hmph, not one for originality, are you? Heh heh heh. Daigo: “Aaaaaaaaaargh... You want me to revolutionize your face?!” Yamazaki: “Aaaaaaah! Wait, did you just steal tha...rgh...” And that is how I disposed of the evil Mr. Yamazaki. *laugh* ­--------------------------------------------------- Well, uh... thanks, Mr. Daigo... But I thought you guys were all “very good friends”? Still, that was quite the tale of technical woe, but the end result was definitely worth it. I remember being wowed by it the first time I saw it for myself. It also set the tone perfectly for the mysterious Kingdom of Khura’in. Speaking of Khura’in, I’d like to share some trivia about Rayfa and Nahyuta’s earlier and final designs that I dug out of Mr. Fuse (I actually just stopped him as he was on his way home today again... Sorry, Mr. Fuse! And thanks for being such a good sport!). Even in her earlier designs (right), you can see that Rayfa was meant to be a full-on priestess, but as the game’s story began to take shape, Rayfa also became the princess of Khura’in. Mr. Fuse added a few elements to denote this aspect of her character with her tiara and regal sleeves. In addition to wanting Rayfa to have a unique hairstyle, her hair was designed in a manner that is reminiscent of Queen Himiko, complete with large loops of hair. This sort of looped hairstyle is also meant to be a reflection of the halo of Khura’inism’s founder, the Holy Mother in the in-game world, as well as a link to the unique hair styles of Maya and Pearl Fey. Her pink dress also underwent some changes and the final outfit is designed after dancer’s clothes since performing the Dance of Devotion is a key part of her job as the royal priestess. Monk with khakkhara (left), miko priestesses with kagura suzu bells (right) The staff that Rayfa carries is another clue that she’s a religious figure, and is fashioned after khakkhara or “Buddhist monk staves”, but that’s not the only clue. The bells around Rayfa’s wrists are based on Japanese suzu bells, which are common at Shinto shrines and also in Shinto ceremonies. As with Buddhism, the jingling sound of a suzu bell is associated with spiritual power. Japanese miko (priestess) and their sacred kagura dances are also linked with the sound of bells. In fact, it’s almost impossible to say “miko” and not think of the sound of suzu bells. Lastly, besides being like the ribbons on the kagura suzu a miko carries, the long ribbon between Rayfa's arms is meant to make her look like a Khura’inese butterfly, and serves to reinforce her role within Khura’inism. A Khura’inese butterfly on a lotus flower. Note how the wing tips are attached at the bottom. When it comes to prosecutors, there is always a certain look that Mr. Fuse tries to achieve. As he talked about back when he was designing Simon Blackquill, an Ace Attorney prosecutor has to have a certain look, and it usually involves a suit or some other type of Western clothing. In this case, Nahyuta’s white jacket is based off of a traditional type of Indian clothing known as sherwani (especially fancy wedding ones) mixed with an English frock coat. We talk a lot about how Nahyuta is not just a prosecutor, but that he is also a devout monk of Khura’inism, but how is that reflected in his design? There are actually a few interesting design elements with meanings you may not be aware of. The first most obvious thing is his floating scarf. While it may seem like a silly piece of fabric, it’s actually another Japanese cultural shorthand that conveys Nahyuta’s holiness and suggests that he is like a god. These scarf-like things are called hagoromo (羽衣, lit: feather clothes) in Japanese, and are worn by Buddhist celestial beings known as tennin and deities such as Nio. Tennin (left), a Nio (right) Hagoromo are the celestial clothing that allows these deities to fly, so in a sense, a character wearing hagoromo is not unlike a character with a pair of angel wings in the West. Speaking of divinity, Nahyuta’s overall character design is very gender neutral, or as Mr. Fuse likes to say, Nahyuta has transcended gender. The team had originally meant for Nahyuta to be whatever gender the player wanted him to be. This aspect of his appearance is also rooted in Hinduism and Buddhism, where a number of deities and gods are either genderless or are portrayed as both genders at once or as alternating between male and female depending on the depiction. As you can see from one of the earlier versions of his design, he was more feminine at one point, so in order to bring him truly to the center of the spectrum, he was given slightly broader shoulders and a slightly more masculine face. Lastly, there is one more hint to his personality in his design: the prayer beads necklace he wears around his neck. Incidentally, it consists of 48 beads. And now, some bonus trivia! If you look really closely, the geometric design on Payne’s sash is actually the first character of his Japanese name, 亜内 (auchi). I guess his new clothes are just as tacky as the man wearing them.
And finally, there seems to be some confusion as to where the Kingdom of Khura’in is, with some people thinking it’s in the Middle East! But while it seems like a paradox, this magic trick is quite easy to solve with the help of our friend Klavier Gavin. Athena: あ！牙琉のサインだ！ (A! Garyu no sain da!) “Oh, サイン (sain)!” you might say. That’s the English word “sign”! Well, let’s see what happens if you translate that sentence as “Ah! It’s a Klavier sign!” *Gavinners’ tour poster courtesy of 10 minutes and my mad 1999-era photoshopping skillz. Not exactly the result we were looking for, right? So what’s going on? This is an example of translating without cultural context. Without considering how a word is used within a specific culture, it’s easy to accidentally convey the entirely wrong idea to your target audience. (Heck, this even happens between British and American English with words like “lift” vs. “elevator” and “torch” vs. “flashlight.”) In this case, the sentence should’ve been translated as “Ah! It’s Klavier’s autograph!” Had Athena been talking about the actual sign, she would’ve said 看板 (kanban) instead since sain is only used to mean either an autograph or signature, a mathematical sine, or some sort of cue, like a sign or a signal a baseball catcher might give a pitcher. How does this relate to why アジアの西の果て (ajia no nishi no hate – lit: western edge of Asia) is officially translated in English as “the western edge of the Far East?” Because I wanted to more accurately convey where Khura’in is based on how the Japanese word ajia (アジア) is used. It’s understood among Japanese speakers that when ajia is used in daily life, and even on TV news broadcasts, they are only talking about the countries of East Asia – Japan, Korea, China, and Mongolia. As Wikipedia writers even pointed out: 日本では逆に、しばしば中近東ならびに中央アジアや南アジアを含めず、極端な場合には東南アジアも除いた東アジアのみをさすことがある。 “In contrast [to other cultures’ understandings], the general understanding in Japan is that ajia frequently does not include the Middle East, nor does it include areas like Central Asia or South Asia. In extreme cases, it doesn’t include Southeast Asia either, and only denotes the countries of East Asia.” So it turns out that the original intention of the Japanese description that was meant to be read and interpreted by a Japanese audience is only unambiguously accurate when translated as “the western edge of the Far East/East Asia,” and not “the western edge of Asia,” since even in English, the colloquial usage of “Asia” can vary from person to person and culture to culture to include (or not include) countries such as Turkey or regions such as Central Asia. But there’s actually another reason why a Japanese person would immediately think of the Himalayas and of India in conjunction with a religion like Khura’inism: the exoticism and mystery of India as the birthplace of one of the major religions of Japan – Buddhism – and the pervasiveness of stories like Journey to the West in the Japanese collective conscious. Much as how American Christians, Jews, and Muslims think of Jerusalem as the exotic and foreign birthplace of their religions, an element of mysticism has been infused with the Japanese people’s image of India through Japanese pop culture and immensely influential works like Journey to the West (西遊記, pinyin: Xī Yóu Jì) or “Saiyuki” as it’s transliterated in Japanese (no, not that “Saiyuki”...), which is the story of a monk and his supernatural companions who are on a journey to retrieve some sacred Buddhist scriptures from the Western Regions (or what one might say is “the western edge of the Far East”). India has pretty much always been considered “non-Asian” to the Japanese, since Japanese culture was historically influenced primarily by Chinese culture. So from the Japanese perspective, Indian culture is a familiar, yet utterly different and unique one compared to their own. As a comparison, think about how ancient Greek culture is one step removed from American culture, which is European influenced – it’s familiar because we know their gods and legends, like Hercules, but just far away enough through space and time for it to seem exotic. But ultimately, the reason why I know for sure that Khura’in is on the western edge of the Far East is because I spoke with Mr. Yamazaki and Mr. Fuse to confirm that that is actual region they meant to convey to their audience. ------------------------------------------------- Next Friday – well, you’ll probably be busy playing Spirit of Justice, but if you’re looking to take a break, I’ll be here to give you a look at how the game was put together – literally! It’s time to explore the programming and dramatic presentation scripting sides of Spirit of Justice, and just how we decided on the design of the game's logo. Until then! Catch up on previous blog entries here! 4.6 (4 Ratings) Report Tags: ace attorney dev blog khura'in localization phoenix wright spirit of justice
"Strategy is whatever," said Brown. "I don't give a f**k. I don't see the fans anticipating a war [with Woodley]. I don't anticipate anything in a fight. A lot of them are probably going to expect [Woodley] to knock me out real quick or he's going to take me down, grind me out real quick, or that I'm going to slowly beat him up and that it'd be a good war. Those are three basic options for Woodley where I think Condit you have, most likely, no matter how this fight goes, we're f**king each other up. We're going to be bloody and beat up at the end."
"You could say that a burglar is an unauthorized visitor. You know, you could say that a rapist is a non-consensual sex partner which, obviously, would be considered offensive to the victims of those crimes," Kelly said. "So how far could you take this?"
When Sen. Bernie Sanders regales his campaign crowds with a portrait of The Way Things Are Going to Be, his “Medicare for All” program takes center stage. In a Sanders administration, the candidate promises, every man, woman, and child in America will share in a government-run, government-funded health-care system.
Elections came and went, including Shumlin’s own 2014 reelection, which was so close Vermont law required the final decision to go to the legislature after Shumlin failed to win a majority of the vote in November. As the state waited for the legislature to take up the election results, Shumlin announced that he would not pursue single payer after all when the long-awaited financial projections showed “the promise and the peril” of a single-payer system. The promise, of course, was a chance to give nearly every Vermonter reliable access to quality health care.
There were certainly skeptics within the scientific community when the discovery was announced, but eventually Piltdown Man was accepted as the real deal. It took 40 years before a team of researchers at the British Museum uncovered the fakes in 1953, using the then-new technique of fluorine dating. They found that the bones were not all the same age. The upper skull was 50,000 years old, and the ape-like jawbone just a few decades old, most likely taken from a modern orang-utan. There was also evidence that the jawbone had been stained with potassium dichromate to give it an older, reddish-brown appearance.
Dawson died before any such election could take place, but he fooled a great many smart people for several decades. The authors write that this should serve as a warning to not let our preconceived notions cloud our view of the evidence. “It was a lesson we had to learn the hard way,” said de Groote. “I just hope it doesn’t happen again.”
Billionaire New York developer Donald Trump says that legalizing drugs is the only way to win the war against what he considers one of America’s most serious problems. Trump blamed the country’s drug problems on politicians who “don’t have any guts” and enforcement efforts that are “a joke.” “We’re losing badly the war on drugs,” Trump told 700 people at a luncheon Friday. “You have to legalize drugs to win that war. You have to take the profit away from these drug czars.” “What I’d like to do maybe by bringing it up is cause enough controversy that you get into a dialogue on the issue of drugs so people will start to realize that this is the only answer; there is no other answer,” Trump said. (via Herald Journal)
“Is it hurting the cartels? Yes. The cartels are criminal organizations that were making as much as 35-40 percent of their income from marijuana,” [retired federal agent] Nelson said, “They aren’t able to move as much cannabis inside the US now.” In 2012, a study by the Mexican Competitiveness Institute found that US state legalization would cut into cartel business and take over about 30 percent of their market. (via Vice News)
First they said drinking soy milk would give men boobs (but who cares about the cholesterol and saturated fat in their dairy milk, right?! Antibiotics and hormones anyone? Mmmm!). Then they said it takes a bagillion trillion gallons of water to produce one tiny almond (who cares that it takes several thousand gallons of water to produce one pound of meat, eh?). I wonder what they’ll say about cashew milk?! It’s really made from cow shoes? Who knows!!
The resistance from Pelosi and other Democratic leaders is tactical, not ideological. It took decades to pass something like Obamacare, and their concern is that, despite what polls might suggest, something as aggressive as single-payer just isn't politically feasible right now.
His work is fascinating for many reasons. Like most designers of his time, Baumberger created a lot of tourism posters with the Swiss Alps in the starring role. His career was marked by the ascendancy of branding and consumer products in society. At times Baumberger’s work leaves the aesthetics of landscape painting behind for a more abstract, geometric look that was so characteristic of the later Swiss Style. All those posters have in common that they allow Baumberger’s geometric lettering to take center stage.
Producer Olsin Tymon had his lip split by Clarkson in the March 4 assault and took himself to hospital with his injuries.
So, yeah - take your car into a shop and have them tighten up the cable. As long as other stuff is in good repair this should be a simple fix.
For Clinton and her campaign, the continuing breadth of her lead nationally has to be reassuring. Should Sanders top Clinton in Iowa, he would likely take both of the first two contests.
I’ve got a soft spot for wuxia so the “best fight scene” immediately evokes Zhang Yimou in my mind. I could list every fight in “Hero,” sequences so spellbindingly beautiful and graceful you forget you’re watching violence. The bamboo forest battle from “House of Flying Daggers” is another all-timer, a mesmerizing fight that almost entirely takes place in the air. And the bone-crunching, table-smashing Vernita Green duel in “Kill Bill Vol.” I never gets old. But if I had to choose just one scene to crown as the GOAT, it’s gotta be the “Oldboy” fight. Like the “Atomic Blonde” stairwell fight, you feel the sheer exhaustion and pain amounting during a nearly-3 minute single-take. Plus, how do you top a fight where one guy takes on 25 with nothing but a hammer and a knife in his back?
Flying slightly under the radar when it came out in 2007, Michael Davis’ woefully underrated action parody “Shoot ‘Em Up” is the kind of movie you either love or hate, depending on how serious you think Davis takes himself. Though it seems pretty clear from the outset that Davis is having fun; anyone who opens his movie with the protagonist (a stone-faced Clive Owen) delivering a baby in the middle of a shoot-out and severing the umbilical chord with a bullet clearly has a sense of humor. The ridiculous action sequences stand out even more in opposition to the seriousness of the characters, namely Owen as a drifter caught up in an outlandish baby-farming ring who goes by the name Smith, Paul Giamatti as a criminal overlord for the ages, and Monica Bellucci as a drippingly sensuous femme fatale.
The best fight sequence in the movie is as inventive and naughty as any more artfully done, when Smith and Bellucci’s character are besieged mid-shag by a comically endless string of gun-toting assassins. Without missing a beat, Smith takes down each and every one with a series of moves that get both jobs done at the same time. Bellucci really helps sell it, registering each flying bullet and inadvertent stroke with alternating shock and pleasure. It’s completely ridiculous, and oh so much fun.
So, although I did not love the extreme violence of “Atomic Blonde” nor its clunky plot set-up and reveal, I loved the panache of its design and wild choreography of its fight scenes. That’s always what gets me: pure choreography, like a brutal ballet, motivated by the narrative. Which should make me a fan of Asian martial-arts films, but I confess I have a gaping hole in my film knowledge there, though I adore what Jackie Chan films I have seen (that man is a genius). One of my favorite moments in the very silly “Rumble in the Bronx” is when Chan does battle from within an abandoned refrigerator. That was cleverer to me than anything I saw in the much more renowned “Drunken Master” films (which, granted, are better actual movies). And Chan would be nowhere without Bruce Lee (and Buster Keaton). Lee’s “Enter the Dragon” is a delight, for sure. I am not such a fan of “wire fu,” however: those films where the characters can fly. It takes the fun out of it, for me.
Like the PA, Hamas also seeks to delegitimize and diplomatically isolate Israel, and uses its civilians and the mainstream media to that end. By posing a direct threat to Israeli civilians, Hamas compels Israel into a war that Hamas is bound to lose militarily but win on the PR front. Hamas knows that the international media will rarely provide the context, balance, history, and technical details for Israel to be judged fairly. So to achieve its goal of delegitimization, Hamas just has to start a war with Israel. Then, a cooperative media will dutifully reinforce a simple and oft repeated narrative: the militarily superior IDF brutally and disproportionately harms innocent and defenseless Palestinians. That narrative defames Israel, with potentially serious political and economic consequences. In the current conflict in Gaza, the mainstream media has been abundantly helpful to Hamas. There are countless examples, but here are some highlights that demonstrate just how much the press helps Hamas (out of anti-Israel animus, journalistic sloppiness, and/or naivete). The media clearly favor Hamas by: Focusing so much more on Palestinian suffering than anyone else's. Nigerians must die in far greater numbers before the mainstream media take notice (those hundreds of abducted Nigerian schoolgirls left the front pages long ago).
He is obviously right, but the relationship between the two countries is hardly going to improve any time soon. Perhaps Sarkozy and Merkel can start the process of making up on Thursday, when they will meet in Brussels for the EU summit. Libya will take a back seat, with the final scope of the euro-zone rescue fund set to be top of the agenda. That, at least, is an area where Germany and France usually take a joint leading role.
"Jonathan took the top off a couple of times," receiver Jordan Jones said.
"Not just didn't redshirt, but they all started their freshman year," he said. "In the Jackson family, it's an expectation. I'm just going to take it step by step and see what comes of it."
"Even now, I'm having my presence felt in OryLab's office in Tokyo through OriHime. I take part in meetings, attend lectures with the team," said Banda. "I'm really just in the middle of making up for 20 years worth of hospitalization and experiencing the world."
Also worrying is that the postal vote will take place without the usual protections of election law. Campaigners will be able to circulate unauthorised material – including posters and pamphlets with harmful messages about same-sex couples and their families – without fear of legal consequences.
Lowest moment: Five interceptions against Wake Forest in late September led to the Hoosiers’ first loss of the season and some serious doubt about those bowl chances. With a loss in the nonconference schedule, the Hoosiers didn’t have a ton of room for error during the Big Ten season. From there, transfer quarterback Richard Lagow managed to take better care of the ball (to be fair, he did throw for nearly 500 yards in the loss) and Indiana eventually got the wins it needed.
Espindola was fit enough to start the match while the other two, Saborio and Acosta, were able to do their damage in substitute appearances. Should all three begin to get starts, take note.
In one episode titled Dark Continent Quest, presenter Jana Waller uses a bow and arrow to take down a hartebeest in South Africa.
'Shoot it!: An overly excited guide is heard encouraging the hunter to take the shot as he lines the lion up in his sights in one of the channel's shows
The arithmetic could be compelling. Gehring estimates that publishers worldwide now take in about $480 million a year in programmatic advertising. It’s hard to estimate how much the ad tag change could boost ad rates. We can put some arithmetic to them, though. As Gehring notes, a 25 percent increase in rate could have a big impact. That would amount to $120 million. The stakes, of course, would grow markedly if the theory proves out. If ad buyers really do want the “signal” of premium content via tagging, it’s foreseeable that programmatic could grow from $1 CPM to $2.
: With mobile now at more than 50 percent of usage, publishers are struggling with ad formats on the smartphone. How can the Android champion help there? RELATED ARTICLE Google and Storyful are launching YouTube Newswire, a feed of verified user-generated videos Joseph Lichterman Video : Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal.
: Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal. Reader revenue: Whatever publishers can do to increase digital ad revenue looms large. But it’s reader revenue that’s been the star of recent years. Paywalls have worked — terrifically at the biggest publications, somewhat for the regionals. As most publishers tighten the number of free articles available to non-subscribers, what could Google do to help publishers grow this essential revenue source?
In 1999 cryptographer Ron Rivest published an encrypted text that was designed to take 35 years to break. 18 years later it is still unbroken.
The cryptogram described above was developed by Ron Rivest, known as the “R” of RSA. I took the following picture of him at last year’s RSA Conference in San Francisco:
Ron Rivest published this challenge on the occasion of the 35th birthday of MIT’s Laboratory for Computer Science (LCS) in 1998. This puzzle is designed to take approximately 35 years to solve. It is therefore referred to as “LCS35 challenge” or “LCS35 cryptogram”. I wrote my first blog article about it in 2014 (in German).
Getting off the mountain was draining us mentally and physically. The descent took a huge a toll on my shoulder and arm, which is held together with titanium nuts and bolts after a riding accident in Belgium earlier in the year, so I took a break, and sat there enjoying the view, and considering my options.
Theo Esptein and the Cubs took a chance on Kalish. The 26-year-old made the club’s Opening Day roster this season, but he has hit just .242 (22-for-91) with four RBIs and three stolen bases in 39 games at the major league level in 2014.
Russia’s meddling has sparked outrage from the American body politic. The U.S. intelligence community undertook the rare move of publicizing its findings on the matter, and President Barack Obama took several steps to officially retaliate, while members of Congress continue pushing for more investigations into the hacking and a harder line against Russia, which was already viewed in Washington as America’s leading foreign adversary.
About a month-and-a-half after Chalupa first started receiving hacking alerts, someone broke into her car outside the Northwest Washington home where she lives with her husband and three young daughters, she said. They “rampaged it, basically, but didn’t take anything valuable — left money, sunglasses, $1,200 worth of golf clubs,” she said, explaining she didn’t file a police report after that incident because she didn’t connect it to her research and the hacking.
During the CES trek I take every year the Modders-Inc team in 2014 landed at the Zotac Booth. While at the booth we got the normal tour of all the items they had and are coming out with. During this we came across a computer that was shaped like an orb called the Zotac ZBOX Sphere OI520. My first thought was “Wow this would be a cool case to mod into the Death Star from Star Wars”. So during the conversation I brought up the idea and we all had a good laugh about and went on talking about others things. Well a month later I got contacted by Zotac about bringing the Death Star Case Mod to life and of course my reactions was “Yes, lets do it”. And so the journey began…
Later, she quit anyway and decided to take legal action against the company with the help a trade union. That was when she says she realised she had been misled to sign documents such as rosters and applications for annual leave. These showed Lam had taken all her annual leave days and had taken regular days off.
“It is like contractors allying with each other, one takes the tender for the first three years while the other one succeeds for another three years.” says Law. “The government does not want to offend the private contractors, because it is hard to get contractors now, the government is worried that no contractors will tender and no one will do the cleaning.”
An attempt has been made to change the situation. Starting from July, a revised outsourcing guideline states government departments have to take into account the wages contractors offer their workers in awarding contracts. However, according to a written reply from the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department (FEHD), “up to now, the FEHD does not see significant change in the contractors’ committed wage offers since the revision of the relevant guideline in late June this year”.
But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.
Finally, if you meet tough regs who don't give up preflop edge in these scenarios (at least any edge you can see), these optimal strategies will protect you from getting exploited. They can't take advantage of you in preflop 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars, so don't worry about it if they try. Follow the optimal strategies, and the mathematics of the situation will protect you. But don't forget to sniff for leaks against regs. Everybody has leaks, and your knowledge about optimal 3-/4-/5-betting will make it easier for you to find them. And pay close attention if you see a reg starting to tilt! Now he might blow up completely in preflop raising wars, and you can adjust accordingly.
Bugs For my first NLHE article for Donkr, I have chosen a topic that I know many new players find difficult, namely correct strategies for 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet preflop wars in NLHE 6-max.Against weak low limit opposition, we can get away with playing an almost completely value-based game. We 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet mainly for value, and it's not a big mistake to assume our opponents are doing the same. If we reraise as a bluff, we usually limit ourselves to the occasional 3-bet bluff. A value-based style with little bluffing works well at small stakes because our opponents use more or less the same strategy, and many of them execute it poorly. Of course, every now and then we run into aggressive players who are capable of reraising as a bluff, but there are plenty of fish that will pay off our straightforward game, even if we bluff much less than is game theoretically optimal.But let's say our Hero has built a bankroll by patiently grinding the low limits, and now he wants to take a stab at $200NL. He will now experience a lot more 3-betting, especially if he's out of position.For example:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with J T from UTG, it's folded to the button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.Straightforward, and although Hero expects to get bluffed some of the time, he really doesn't have any choice but to fold. It's correct that his hand can no longer be played for value, but as we shall see later, it's possible to turn it into a 4-bet bluff.At any rate, Hero plays on. The players behind him keep 3-betting him frequently when he is out of position, and Hero keeps folding weak hands to 3-bets. After a while, this hand occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J in MP, it's folded to button ($200) who 3-bets to $24, the blinds fold, and Hero folds.This is getting frustrating. Hero has a decent hand, but it's not strong enough to defend against a 3-bet from out of position, so Hero folds. But he is starting to feel exploited. If only he could get dealt a good hand and punish these bastards!What an inexperienced player now might do (as his frustration builds up more and more), is to make up his mind to fight back against the loose 3-bettors. But he doesn't quite know what to do,Let's look at two common (and sub-optimal) ways to defend against 3-betting, out of position with 100 BB stacks:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises til $7 with K Q in MP, button ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero thinks for a bit, decides that this hand is too good to fold, but too weak to 4-bet, so he calls. 4 4 9 ($51)Hero ($176) checks, button ($176) bets $30, Hero folds.Hero is frustrated, but he doesn't see what else he could have done out of position with a hand of this type. Too strong to fold (at least in Hero's mind) against a loose 3-bettor, but not strong enough to 4-bet. Or? Hmmmmm .... Hero contemplates his next move, and soon another 3-bet pot occurs:$200NL6-handedHero ($200) raises to $7 with A J from UTG, MP ($200) 3-bets to $24. Hero decides to fight fire with fire, and he 4-bets pot to $75. Button 5-bets all-in, Hero calls. MP has K K . Hero screams in agony. 7 ($403) Q ($403) 4 ($403)Hero tears his clothing and sprinkles ashes over his head. Damn!!OK, I made up this story, but it illustrates several of the problems an ABC low limit player faces when he moves up to tougher games. He will get 3-bet left and right, so he will have to fold a lot out of position (which is correct). He realizes he has to fight back to avoid getting run over (also correct), but he's not quite sure how to do it. So his attempts to counter the aggression are often poorly executed, frustrating and tilt-inducing.For example, Hero might start calling 3-bets out of position with hands he feels are too good to fold, but not strong enough to 4-bet for value. This leads to many miserable experiences like Example 1.3. Or he might start 4-betting medium/weak hands without a clear understanding of whether he is doing it for value (planning to call a 5-bet), or if he is bluffing (planning to fold to a 5-bet).What our inexperienced Hero might not realize, is that his opponents' loose 3-betting doesn't necessarily mean they are willing to splash around with lots of weak hands in 4-bet and 5-bet pots. When two good and aggressive NLHE-players engage in 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet warfare preflop, this is what usually happens:This results in ranges that start loose, but get more and more (but never completely) weighted towards value. And it's usually plain wrong to assume you can 4-bet a medium hand like AJs for value against a loose 3-bettor, and expect to be a favorite when he 5-bets all-in. Yes, AJs is a decent hand against the range that 3-bet you, but it's crushed by the range that 5-bets you, and it's your opponent who decides when the 5th bet goes in (and that rarely happens unless he has the goods).Therefore, if you decide on a frustrated whim to "take a stand" against an aggressive and competent 3-bettor with a hand like AJs, you will discover that in some mysterious way he almost always manages to come up with a better hand when you get all-in preflop.This has lead many an inexperienced NLHE player to lose his stack, since these players:Let's look at Example 1.4 again. Hero open-raised AJs (correctly), and he got 3-bet. He then decided that his AJs was a good hand against Villain's 3-bet range (debatable, but not a big mistake), so he 4-bet for value (wrong!), planning to call a 5-bet all-in. Playing AJs for value after a 3-bet and going all-in with it was a big mistake. The 4-bet in itself was not a big mistake, since Villain has a lot of bluffs in his 3-betting range, and he will fold most of them to a 4-bet. So it's not a problem to 4-bet AJs as a bluff against a range full of 3-bet bluffs. But when Villain comes over the top with an all-in 5-bet, our AJs crumbles to dust (if Villain knows what he is doing).But our inexperienced Hero did not realize what had just happened when he got 5-bet, and he stuck with his plan of playing AJs for value against what he perceived to be a wide and weak range. The problem is that the range he facesisn't wide and weak, it's very narrow and very strong.Note what the real mistake was in this hand. 4-betting AJs against a wide range was not a big mistake in isolation, and neither was calling a 5-bet getting 2: 1. But the combination of 4-betting AJs +, now that was a big mistake against a competent opponent. It caused Hero to invest his remaining 96.5bb stack as a huge underdog. The problem was, as mentioned previously, that his opponent controlled when the 5th bet went in, and Villain made sure he had a hand.Our goal for this article is to give Hero a set of tools he can use to comfortably counter preflop aggression when he is sitting as the raiser out of position. We'll base our work on Hero's opening ranges, and based on these, we can deduce defensive strategies against positional 3-bets. And we will use game theory to design these strategies in such a way thatin these scenarios. Our work on Hero's game theory optimal defensive strategies also gives us a set of optimal 3-betting strategies for his opponent, so we kill two birds with one stone.We have here talked mostly about the ills of getting 3-bet when sitting out of position, and this is what I feel inexperienced players find hardest to deal with. But the mirror image of this scenario, with us being the 3-bettor in position, is also worth discussing. These are easier scenarios to play, but we will benefit a lot from understanding optimal 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet dynamics also from this perspective. We'll learn how to construct optimal 3-betting ranges, based on the raiser's opening range, and we'll learn how to play against a 4-bet.Regardless of whether we're the raiser or the 3-bettor, we want to understand which hands we can (re)raise for value, and which hands we (re)raise as bluffs. And above all else, we want it to be 100% clear which of these two things we are doingIn this article we'll design so-calledfor the raiser and the 3-bettor in the following scenario:- The raiser opens some range- A player behind him 3-bets- The raiser 4-bets or folds- The 3-bettor 5-bets, or folds to a 4-betNote that the raiser is always out of position (e.g. UTG, MP, or CO), and that no other players interfere.We'll define afor this scenario with 100bb stacks and standard bet sizing. Then we'll analyze our model, using mathematics and principles from game theory (but we'll keep it as simple as possible). We then construct game theory optimal(ish) strategy pairs for the raiser and the 3-bettor (one strategy for the raiser, and one matching strategy for the 3-bettor) that they can employ in their 3-bet/4-bet/5-bet wars.Both players are trying to play perfectly against the other, and both are assuming their opponent is trying to play perfectly as well. The two players now both zoom in on a perfect strategy, designed not to lose against their opponent's perfect strategy. And the result is a pair of strategies that are perfect against each other, and we have our optimal strategy pair.When we have learned these strategies, we have defensive (e.g. unexploitable) strategies we can use both as the raiser out of position, and as the 3-bettor in position. Using these optimal strategies guarantees that better players can't exploit us. They will also win against players who play poorly, although they will not win the maximum (if we want to exploit opponent leaks maximally, we have to deviate from optimal play ourselves, and use strategies that target specific leaks in our opponent's non-optimal strategies).Knowing optimal strategies also makes it easier to spot our opponents' mistakes (where we can define "mistake" as a deviation from optimal play). If we know what an opponentif he had played optimally, we can conclude that he has a weakness in his game if he chooses to do something different. And we might be able to exploit these weaknesses and turn them into leaks for him.Before we get started, I want to give credit to Cardrunners instructor Matthew Janda. During the spring of 2010 he published a 3-part video seriesat Stoxpoker, which contains most of the theory we use in this article. This video series was inspiring and eye-opening, but sadly it became unavailable after Stoxpoker shut down in May 2010.Matt Janda is now a Cardrunners instructor, and he continues to produce game theory related videos. His old videos from Stoxpoker might get moved over to Cardrunners, and if that happens, I recommend you check them out.Without further ado, let's get started:I have chosen an approach where we first go through the necessary math and theory quickly, and then we apply it by constructing optimal strategy pairs for two scenarios:- The raiser in early position (UTG or MP) with a 15% opening range- The raiser in CO with a 25% opening rangeLumping UTG and MP together under the label "EP" makes sense, since most players use very similar ranges for these two positions. The percentages we have chosen for EP and CO are typical TAG ranges that can be used under all game conditions.The exact ranges we use to illustrate the procedures aren't important. Our goal is that you learn to construct optimal strategy pair (one strategy for the raiser and one for the 3-bettor) based onopening ranges. And you will of course also be able to design optimal strategy pairs to use against specific opponents (not on the fly, but by doing a bit of analysis work between sessions).We use the following scenario:Note that Alice doesn't defend against 3-bets by calling out of position. Weconceivably design a defense strategy where we fold weak hands, 4-bet strong hands, and call with medium hands, but this is not a good strategy out of position with 100bb stacks.You have poor implied odds (due to low stack/pot ratio and being out of position) when you call for postflop value with implied odds hands. And it's difficult to steal and outplay Villain when you are out of position. And what you absolutely cannot do, is to call and then play fit-or-fold postflop. It will be much more fold than fit, and you are simply burning money by letting Villain c-bet his way to riches and early retirement on your expense.With regard to Alice's choice of 4-bet size, it's standard to use 25-30bb (where full pot would be 37.5bb) with 100bb stacks. The logic behind this is that with 100bb stacks, we are putting Villain in a shove-or-fold scenario, also when we 4-bet a bit less than pot. His 3-bet bluffs will still fold, and his strong hands will still shove. So we win the same when he folds, but lose less on our bluffs when he doesn't fold. In other words: We risk less for the same reward when we're bluffing, and we don't lose anything when we're 4-betting for value. We simply choose 27bb as a representative value for a less-than-pot 4-bet, and the math won't change much if you use any number between 25bb and 30b instead.Here are a few assumptions/statements we will use:The last statement needs an explanation: When we're 3-betting/4-betting/5-betting as a bluff, we should not lose money on our bluffing hands, and the worst of them should be no worse than break even. The same goes for when we're calling for pot odds. This makes sense if you think about it. When we're making a play that loses money, we should stop doing it to increase our EV.Note that we're not concerned about the effects of deception when we work with game theory. We're only concerned with immediate EV. Also, if we're making money on all our bluffs or our calls, we can make even more money by bluffing more and calling more. So we keep adding bluffs and calling hands until our weakest hands are at the break even point, and then we stop. Conversely, if we're losing money on some of our bluffing or calling hands, we remove them from our ranges. Again, this results in our weakest bluffing/calling hands being no worse than break even.Under these assumptions, we'll find anwith a raising strategy (including defense against a 3-bet and against a 5-bet) for Alice, and a 3-betting strategy (including defense against a 4-bet) for Bob. We'll find a unique strategy pair for each of Alice's positions (e.g. for each of her opening ranges). We'll soon see how these strategy pairs follow from Alice's opening range, but first, let's talk a bit about optimal strategy pairs:When our two players Alice and Bob are playing optimally against each other, Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy make up an optimal strategy pair. When both are playing optimally, neither of them can gain from changing to a different strategy. If one of them can gain from switching to another strategy, then the original strategy wasn't optimal.It's important to realize that a game theory optimal strategy doesn't try to maximize +EV against a random opponent. It's trying to maximize EV against an opponent who is also. Sometimes, this means the best result for both players is to break even. A game theory optimal strategy is first and foremost a, designed not to lose. However, an optimal strategy will win against players who are using non-optimal strategies. But If we see an opponent making big mistakes, we will winby switching to an, designed to exploit this opponent's specific leaks maximally.But by changing our strategy from optimal to exploitative, we are moving away from optimal play. By doing so, we are creating weaknesses in our strategy, and other players might be able to exploit those weaknesses (although they might not see them). But if the weak player we are trying to exploit has big leaks, this trade off will usually be worth it. The art of playing against fish and regs at the same time is to exploit the fish, while we're defending ourselves against the regs. Against very poor opponents, we use very exploitative strategies. Against players who are as good as us, or better, we can fall back on optimal strategies so that they can't exploit us.To balance these two goals well, we need to have an understanding of what optimal play is. Playing optimally (or, more likely, close to optimally) defends us against the good players, and understanding optimal play also makes it easier to spot mistakes in weak players (where "mistake" can be defined as deviating from optimal play).With these concepts at the back of our mind, we move on to the mathematics behind optimal strategies for raising, 3-betting, 4-betting, and 5-betting with 100bb stacks:We work our way through the raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet war, one step at a time, and construct all the mathematical tools we need. We jump back and forth between Alice and Bob, and we'll see how they influence each others' strategies when they both are trying to play perfectly against each other, assuming the other player is also trying to play perfectly.The process starts with Alice raising some opening range known both to her and to Bob. When Bob 3-bets, Alice's most pressing concern is the following:So how often does Alice have to 4-bet? This follows from the pot odds Bob is getting on his 3-bet bluffs. There's 1.5 + 3.5 =5bb in the pot from the blinds and Alice's raise, and Bob 3-bets to 12bb to win this. Bob is then risking 12bb to win 5bb, and he's getting effective pot odds 5 : 12 on a 3-bet bluff.He then needs to win more than 12/(5 + 12) =70% to have a profitable bluff. So if Alice folds more than 70%, Bob will have an automatic profit by 3-bet bluffing any two. Alice needs to prevent this, so she has to 4-bet enough to make Bob's bluffs break even.Alice's optimal 4-betting strategy is therefore to 4-bet 30% of her opening range, and she will 4-bet a mix of value hands (planning to call a 5-bet) and bluffs (planing to fold to a 5-bet). We'll compute Alice's optimal value/bluff ratio in a moment, but first we have to find Bob's optimal ranges for 3-betting and 5-betting. These ranges follow from Alice's opening range:When Alice 4-bets to 27bb, she is risking 23.5bb (27bb minus he 3.5bb raise) more to win a 17bb pot (1.5bb from the blinds + Alice's 3.5bb raise + Bob's 12bb 3-bet). The effective pot odds for Alice's 4-bet bluffs are 17 : 23.5, and she can make a profit by 4-bet bluffing any two (of the hands she open-raised) if Bob folds his 3-betting hands more than 23.5/(23.5 + 17) =58%.Bob can't allow Alice to 4-bet bluff any two cards profitably, so he defends optimally by folding exactly 58% of the time, and 5-betting all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs as we shall soon see) 42% of the time. Therefore, 42% of Bob's 3-bets need to be value hands that he plans to 5-bet all-in (including some 5-bet bluffs). We now define aas a 3-bet where we plan to 5-bet all-in after a 4-bet. If this is not our plan, we are making athat we will fold to a 4-bet.To make these percentages easy to remember, we round Bob's optimal 3-bet value/bluff ratio to 40/60. So now we know that 60% of Bob's 3-bets should be bluffs, and 40% should be for value (including some 5-bet bluffs). But we still don't know how many hands Bob should 3-bet overall. To find this number, we first have to find which hands Bob can 5-bet for value.Bob first chooses the type of hands to 5-bet bluff with. He wants hands that have decent equity when called, and we can use Axs hands A5s-A2s for this purpose. Axs hands work as blockers against Alice's AA/AK (an ace in Bob's hand makes it less likely Alice has AA/AK), and they always have at least an overcard when Alice has another high pair. They also have straight and flush potential.Axs has minimum ~30% equity when we 5-bet and get called, even against a strong range, as shown below:So Bob will 5-bet a mix of true value hands and some Axs bluff hands, and he expects to have about 30% equity when his bluffs get called. So when he 5-bet bluffs and gets called, he will have ~30% equity in a 201.5bb pot where he invested 88bb with the 5-bet. Bob first 3-bet to 12, so the 5-bet is 88bb more. On average, Bob gets 0.30 x 201.5 =60bb back from the pot, so his net loss after 5-betting and getting called is 88 - 60 =28bb.The pot size before Bob's 5-bet is 40.5bb (1.5 from the blinds, + 27 from Alice's 4-bet + 12 from Bob's 3-bet). So Bob is effectively risking 28bb to win 40.5bb when he is 5-bet bluffing. The effective pot odds are 40.5 : 28, and Bob needs to win at least 28/(28 + 40.5) =40% to profit from 5-bet bluffing any two (or more precisely, any Axs hand, since we base our calculations on having ~30% equity when called).For Alice, this means she has to call a 5-bet 60% of the time to prevent Bob from making a profit by 5-betting any two. So Alice's 4-betting range has to contain 60% value hands and 40% bluff hands. Now we know everything we need to know about Alice's 4-betting range. She 4-bets 30% of her opening range, and she uses a 60/40 value/bluff ratio. We'll summarize Alice's total optimal strategy below, but first we'll find out how often Bob should 3-bet.We know which type of hands Bob should 5-bet bluff (Axs), and we know he should use a 40/60 value/bluff ratio (which, coincidentally is the opposite of the ratio for Alice's 4-bet range). The last piece of information we need is Bob's3-bet percentage in an optimal 3-betting strategy. We find the answer by observing that Bob should 5-bet bluff enough to make Alice's weakest value hands break even. He he bluffs more, Alice can gain by calling with more hands, and then Bob's strategy can't be optimal. And if he bluffs less, Alice can gain by folding more hands, and Bob's strategy can't be optimal in this case either.How many Axs hands we need to make Alice's weakest 5-bet calling hands break even varies with Alice's value range (60% of 30% of her opening range), which follows from her opening range. So we have to compute this result on a per-case basis, for every one of Alice's opening ranges. We'll give a quick example in the summary below, and the procedure will be thoroughly discussed later in the article.We summarize everything we have learned about Alice's optimal strategy for raising, 4-betting and calling 5-bets:- She needs to 4-bet 30% of her opening range- Her 4-betting range should have a 60/40 value/bluff ratioSo Alice's optimal strategy is:So Alice's value hands are the top 18% of her opening range. For example, if she opens 15% from UTG, this corresponds to a value range of 0.18 x 0.15 =2.7% of all hands. This makes up 0.027 x 1326 =36 combos, e.g approximately the range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos. We'll use this value range example when we summarize Bob's optimal strategy below. And then we'll illustrate each strategy step thoroughly when we apply the theory to Alice's EP and CO openraises.We summarize everything we have learned about Bob's optimal strategy for 3-betting and 5-betting:For example, if Alice raises 15% from the UTG, her optimal value range is {QQ+, AK} as shown previously. Bob chooses value hands that are at least 50% against this range, and his pure value range becomes {KK+}. Then he adds Axs hands as 5-bet bluffs until Alice's weakest value hands (QQ and AK) are break even against his total 5-bet range.Alice then calls her remaining 73 BB to win a 189.5 bb pot (1.5 from the blinds, 100 from Bob, 27 from Alice's 4-bet), so her pot odds are 128.5 : 73. She needs minimum 73(/128.5 + 73) =36% equity to profit from calling, so Bob makes sure her weakest value hands have against his 5-bet-range. Later in the article we'll show that Bob ends up with a total 5-bet range of {KK+, A5s, A4s} when Alice's value range is {QQ+, AK}This gives Bob {KK+, A5s, A4s} =20 value combos that he 3-bets, planning to 5-bet all-in. Then he picks hands to 3-bet bluff until he has a 40/60 ratio between value combos and bluff combos. Bob needs 60/40 =1.5 bluff combos for every value combo, so he will choose 1.5 x 20 =30 bluff combos against Alice's {QQ+, AK} value range.You should memorize both Alice's strategy and Bob's strategy until you know them cold. It's not really complicated at all. Just remember that Bob uses a 40/60 value/bluff ratio for his 3-bets, and Alice uses a 60/40 ratio for her 4-bets, and then you know the most of it. Value hands are per definition hands we plan to raise and reraise until we are all-in. Bluff hands are hands we plan to fold if our opponent reraises us back.We now begin the job of constructing optimal strategy pairs for Alice and Bob. First when Alice raises a 15% range from EP, and then when she raises a 25% range from CO. We'll do this thoroughly and methodically, so that you can learn the procedures inside out. I hope you'll see that these strategies aren't really complicated to construct and then apply at the table.We'll now find the optimal strategy pair for Alice and Bob when Alice open-raises from early position (EP =UTG or MP), and it's folded to Bob in position.It's of course possible to vary EP opening ranges a lot, according to opponent tendencies and general game conditions. But the core strategy for a typical TAG is to open somewhere around 15% of his hands (plus/minus a couple of percentage points in both directions) from both EP positions, and slightly tighter from UTG than from MP.We'll construct all strategies/ranges with great detail for this scenario, so that there won't be any doubt about how to apply the theory. Then we'll move on to the scenario with Alice in CO, and do this quickly, with brief comments along the way.We assume Alice is opening with a ~15% EP range. Note that any 15'ish% EP-range will do, since our work is based on the numbers of hands in the range, and not the specific hands it contains. Obvious value hands like high pairs and AK have to be included, since these hands have a job to do in the ranges for 4-betting and calling 5-bets. But the exact mixture of medium and weak hands in Alice's range is irrelevant.We give Alice the following range:22+ATs+ AJo+KTs+ KQoQTs+J9s+T9s98s87s76s186 combos14%We now place Bob somewhere with position on Alice. Alice open-raises and it's folded to Bob, who 3-bets. Both players want to play perfectly against the other, and both assume the other is also trying to play perfectly.Alice starts by defining her value range. This is per definition the hands she plans to 4-bet for value and then call a 5-bet with. She counts the total number of combos in her opening range (186), and she knows that she on average has to defend 30% of her total range against a 3-bet. She also knows that the optimal value/bluff ratio of her 4-betting range is 60/40. So she 4-bets 0.60 x 0.30 =18% of her opening range for value, and 0.40 x 0.30 =12% as a bluff.Alice then 4-bets 18% of the 186 combos for value, e.g. 0.18 x 186 =33 value combos. This corresponds almost exactly to the value range {QQ+, AK} =34 combos (a couple of combos too many or too few doesn't matter much). This is a standard value range from EP, also for players who haven't studied optimal raise/3-bet/4-bet/5-bet strategies.Now the 4-bet bluff range. These are the hands Alice 4-bets and then folds to a 5-bet. There are two ways to define the bluff 4-bet range: We can choose some specific bluff combos and always 4-bet them, or we can 4-bet all the non-value hands a certain % of the time.Let's illustrate both methods:If we choose specific bluff combos, we need 12% of 186 combos, e.g. 0.12 x 186 =22 bluff combos. For example, we might choose AQ (16) + JJ (6) which gives us exactly 22 combos. Or we can choose something different, since it doesn't matter what we use for bluffs when Bob either folds or 5-bets all-in. When Bob doesn't fold to our bluffs, he 5-bets, and we have to fold, so our 4-bet bluff hands never get to see a flop. And when they never get to see a flop, their postflop value is irrelevant.But note that a hand like AQ works as a blocker against Bob's premium hands (AA, AK, QQ). So when Alice uses AQ as a bluff, it will be less likely that Bob has a hand he can 5-bet for value. Keep this in mind if you are choosing specific hands to always use for 4-bet bluffing.My preferred method, and also the easiest method to remember. We only need to remember one number, namely the static percentage Alice 4-bet bluffs her non-value hands. Let's find this percentage once and for all:Alice 4-bets 18% of her opening range for value, and she's left with 82% non-value hands she can use for 4-bet bluffing. We now choose to use all these hands a fixed percentage of the time, so that the effective total value/bluff ration is 60/40. We now want:So we 4-bet bluff all non-value hands 15% of the time and fold them the remaining 85% of the time. Note that this percentage is universal for Alice. No matter what her opening range is, she can always use this percentage to obtain a 60/40 value bluff ratio for her 4-bets.Let's double-check to see that this works the way it should:When Alice has raised some opening range and gotten 3-bet, we have deduced that her optimal value 4-bet range is 18% of her total range. If she 4-bets the remaining 82% of her range as a bluff 15% of the time, her overall bluff percentage will be 0.15 x 0.82 =0.12 =12%. So her to
The workers reportedly work 70 hours a week but are only allowed to take home $75 in monthly pay, KBS reported Tuesday.
The SP chief also took a dig at Union minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram, saying he was afraid of contesting polls.
His business career began in investment banking with Lehman Brothers, and then the American Securities Corporation, where he worked on financing for the American Seal-Kap Company, a company that made caps for milk bottles. He was hired to be their chairman and chief executive officer in 1954. Black renamed the company AMK, after its ticker symbol, and turned it into a vehicle for acquisitions; joining the conglomerate bandwagon of the 1960s.[1] Among his many takeovers was the John Morrell & Co. meatpacking company.[1] AMK joined the nation's top 500 companies in 1967. In September 1968, he was hired to take a run at[clarification needed] United Fruit by the brokerage firm of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Duncan: Personified illusion, not only is it a lie but it’s a living lie. Like it’s a lie that its nature trying to deceive you is that I love virtual reality because when you pull your virtual reality goggles off and go from the VR universe to the real universe. You’re like holy s**t man my senses really can be completely tricked. There is a kind of spiritual corollary to that experience which is that you can remove the whatever the cognitive filters are that you wear what makes sense. I’ve heard from an evolutionary perspective it makes sense that any organism would only process the data necessary to survive there all the spectrum of the different types of light we can see the sounds we can’t hear, the feelings that we can’t feel even though they are buffeted by all of these phenomena that are sensory apparatus that allows the process. The reason that this is because it has nothing to do with our basic survival needs and to suddenly become aware of it is to reduce your chance of survival. You know, when I take mushrooms or any psychedelic in since I was a kid I will always see some version of elves I’ll see some kind of elf, not like Christmas elves or whatever but for example lsd, if I’m looking concrete, not a small dose like a 100µg, 200µg dose of lsd. I will see weird runic writing everywhere, And then also what appears to be some kind of health way arcade drawings of elves and it’s like they’re basing those drawings on whatever this is and they seem to be alive but they seem to be existing on a different layer of the Universe and they seem to be aware of us to some degree but somewhat unconcerned or annoyed sometimes or ignoring or they seem like nature too. They seem wild, they don’t they seem feral, right. Not in a crazy way like a dog, a mad dog. But innocent of like an indigenous and tribal. Those things are probably there you know, that the astral plane that you’re seeing. But here’s the thing maybe for whatever reason we haven’t seen those things is because it doesn’t help us survive. It just complicates the situation. Like dealing with getting up in the morning and going to use the bathroom and need some food around or whatever order you do that in. It’s only complicated if on the way to the bathroom you’re seeing tribes of ancient hyper dimensional beings watching you from the walls.
Mike: Yeah, I love the idea of simulation theory that we’re all living inside a big virtual reality game because it makes everything more interesting like you said concrete or when I take mushrooms the carpet and I think that is the base level of reality is that the deeper you look into things maybe the the algorithm creates more complex solutions to your questions.
Mike: Yeah. So after the guy spills the coffee over the laptop he offers to take us to an Apple repair store where we can get the computer looked at. So we travel there and we were a bit nervous and so is he because he’s he’s afraid he might have to pay all this money to repair the laptop. So we get to the apple repair store and it on trying to ease the tension as the computer is being taken apart and looked at so I asked him what do you do, what are you up to in Istanbul and it turns out he’s this robotics engineering student And he’s in Istanbul at the moment to attend this Google conference for robotics and that’s this big competition that they have like battle robots going against each other so it seem like a really interesting thing. So he actually invited us to the event and I was thinking about we’re in Istanbul for a couple of weeks just you know waiting for my visa and it would be nice to have some friends and meet some people involved in tech, maybe meet some investors and since starting this incubator in Plovdiv it would be a cool thing to meet people involved in robotics, AI or whatever. This impulse to ask him about his life for what he’s up to in Istanbul and the whole coffee spilling incident brought us unto this next step to meet someone involved in the robotics and tech scene. So it’s pretty cool. Turned out the laptop was totally cool, no problems whatsoever. Euvie’s just got a little bit of a sticky keyboard but you know it didn’t have any problems.
Duncan: So it’s a great book. He studied under a, god I can’t remember the name of the religion where they take peyote but he studied under a sorcerer and he learned a lot of different, a lot of magic real magic. Just like Crawley and some of the rituals are really awful like sewing lizard eyes shut.
The Innovation Network Corp of Japan (INCJ) will invest about 200 billion yen ($2.6 billion) in the merged unit, taking a 70 percent stake. The three firms said on Wednesday that they will each take a 10 percent stake.
The INCJ is supervised by Japan’s trade ministry, which had been criticized for not supporting Japan’s chip and display industries in the early 1990s, a failure critics say allowed U.S. and South Korean firms to take the lead.
Warren took specific aim at Justice Thomas, drawing a parallel between his interracial marriage and the struggle for the same recognition for same-sex couples.
Before the first race of the 2015 season many expected Williams to take the fight to Mercedes, but that has not transpired and the former world champions have even taken a step back in the current Formula 1 pecking order, with Valtteri Bottas lamenting the lack of race pace in the FW37.
Romney had said in Iowa that Glen Doherty and a second former SEAL providing security in Libya did not run from the attack, but ran toward it, and used the story as a metaphor for what he said was the need for Republicans to take over the White House from Obama in the election.
It follows Oxford University’s decision to allow students to take a history exam home in the next academic year, in order to help more women get top results.
Why does this matter? Arguably, it is because Durkheim's work on the sacred offers the starting point for a public language for thinking about that which people take to be fundamental moral realities which exert an unquestionable claim over society. The concept of the profane can similarly help us to think about the role of symbolic representations of evil in social life. But to think about moral realities, such as deep convictions that one should not abuse a child or violate fundamental human rights, as norms produced through social practice can induce a particular kind of moral nausea. It seems to leave us prey to an empty moral relativism in which our deepest moral sentiments are reduced to transient social constructions.
If general manager Masai Ujiri might have been a bit intemperate with his “Eff Brooklyn” statement before Game 1 of the series with the Nets, he was simply standing up for an organization that needs to command respect from a league that hasn’t shown much of it in the past half decade. There is more public fight to this group, more feistiness, more standing up for itself than it’s shown, more “We’re fed up and we’re not going to take it any more.” From front office personnel to players, coaches and support staff, it’s as if they’ve finally had enough of being slighted. The first post-season appearance since 2008 is a perfect avenue to get that out.
All those admissions from the league for blown calls that cost them chances to win games, all the horrible regular-season scheduling like the four-games-in-five-nights-on-the-west-coast-season-killing November trips, the bad calls that have made the organization feel in some way like the redheaded stepchildren of the NBA. It’s not so much disrespect as it is disregard and if there’s one thing Ujiri, Dwane Casey and players want out of this one shot in the spotlight, it’s for the league to take notice and make some changes.
It’s not that anyone will go on the record to voice the obvious concerns — the possibility of hefty fines tends to dissuade them from doing that — but it is palpable. DeMar DeRozan spoke of it in the abstract last week when he talked about wanting to ensure the Raptors aren’t seen as pushovers by anyone in the league; Casey has talked about the need for respect from the league and officials incessantly over the past three seasons and the post-season has galvanized it and made casual fans sit up and take notice. Ujiri has been the driving force since he arrived as the team’s president and general manager. Fans can be sure the message he delivers to them publicly is being made privately to top NBA officials often. What he wants more than anything is a fair shake, he doesn’t want the franchise to just be known as one the one that’s outside the continental U.S. by agents, fans, rival teams and the league. He and the team have a pulpit now to make some noise and make themselves relevant: They are in a playoff series against a team that comes from the biggest media market in North America. Playing the Nets is a perfect platform to stand up and say, “hey, look at us, we’re here and we’re not going away.”
For the first time in a long time, casual NBA observers are taking notice of Toronto and Ujiri wants them to understand the Raptors aren’t just glad to be in their consciousness, he wants them to remain there and if it takes slagging another organization well, that’s what it takes. All they want — particularly in this series against a far more experienced opponent — is a fair whistle and a fair shake and for the league and the other teams to know this is the start of something, not the finish. For the first time in a long time, the Raptors are publicly standing up for themselves, they are using this post-season appearance to demand that the league, the officials, the other teams notice them. It is a new era and they hope the start of a long and good one. In the long run, it probably doesn’t matter too much whether they win or lose the series; what matters is this is a significant first step to letting everyone know the Raptors are finished with slights. RELATED: Raptors rebrand and embrace The North Raptors in the NBA playoffs: An oral history
Rybolovlev had previously given only a terse explanation for the coinciding flights before McClatchy published a story this week describing how their aircraft pulled into gates at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport less than an hour apart on Nov. 3, 2016. Rybolovlev’s jet landed shortly before Trump appeared at a rally in nearby Concord. Rybolovlev’s plane had first flown to the airport in Concord, N.C., and then took a 24-minute flight to Charlotte, where Rybolovlev spent the night.
Rybolovlev’s aide did not disclose the nature of Rybolovlev’s business activity, but the Russian billionaire’s plane also was in Charlotte last April 21 at 1:20 p.m., according to a Charlotte man who didn’t want to be identified. He told McClatchy that he noticed the jet at the Charlotte airport and took a photo because he wanted to show his granddaughter, named Mary Kate, that her name was on a jet. The jet’s identifying registration is MKATE, which are the letters on its tail.
Rumors about Rybolovlev’s direct or indirect relationship with Trump have swirled in part because Rybolovlev’s family trust paid $95 million in 2008 to buy a Palm Beach mansion from Trump as the global financial crisis took hold. Trump, who had purchased the property out of foreclosure for $41 million, is believed to have reaped a significant profit at a time when the global financial meltdown was hurting all real estate values and loans were tough to obtain.
On Nov. 18, 1993, Nirvana took a trip to New York City and taped their iconic 'Unplugged' set for MTV. The special aired less than a month later on Dec. 14, adding yet another immortal moment to Nirvana's vast list of achievements. However, 20 years later, MTV has revealed that at the insistence of Kurt Cobain , drummer Dave Grohl almost didn't perform at the 'Unplugged' set.
In fact, it seems ironic that politicians stumping for minimum wage hikes so often cite the belief that every citizen should earn a living wage. As Rowe points out, the minimum wage actually harms the least skilled and takes away from them the opportunity to prove themselves as workers.
This is Thin Privilege is a Tumblr blog that asks people to submit examples of the preferential treatment thin people take for granted, and the tyranny they wield over fat people ("fat" is their word of choice, as "overweight" and "obese" are deemed problematic slurs). Any talk of weight loss is affixed with a trigger warning, because it could be considered offensive or traumatic. And don't even think about mentioning R*ch*rd S*mm*ns.
Mr Burnham told MPs that places such as Greater Manchester “continue to take in the vast majority of the country’s asylum seekers and refugees and largely they do so without any strife or difficulty. I don’t want to hear anyone claim that people in places like Leigh that voted to leave are in any way xenophobic or racist.
The Packers might have to consider cutting Nelson or asking him to take a pay cut if they re-sign Adams, who would be a free agent in March if a new deal isn’t worked out by then. Adams has a team-high 74 catches for 885 yards and 10 touchdowns. The 25-year-old’s production didn’t change much with Brett Hundley at quarterback. Of Adams’ 10 touchdowns, five came from Rodgers and five from Hundley.
While the James Webb telescope will improve views of distant galaxies, the telescope has a relatively small field of view. As a result, the observations must take into account cosmic variance – the statistical variation in the number of galaxies from place to place.
The Women’s March on Washington and its sister marches around the nation inspired and empowered millions of Americans. Everyone who took to the streets this past weekend is now asking two big questions: “What email list did I just end up on?” and “What’s next?”
The march took a step closer to reality when comedian Patton Oswalt suggested the hashtag #TrumpTaxesMarch and added his own urgent message:
But the Trump Taxes March also has a simple, achievable goal: to get President Trump to release his tax returns, something every other president has done for the past 40 years. His administration is already being sued by “constitutional scholars, Supreme Court litigators, and former White House ethics lawyers” over payments from foreign governments that might violate the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, so we know his hands aren’t clean—which is surprising because it should only take seconds to wash them, given that they’re so tiny.
Following difficult times in the 1960s and '70s, many small, independent distillers were bought up or went out of business. In order to survive, W. Grant & Sons expanded their production of the drink, and introduced advertising campaigns and a visitors' centre.[11] In this period they also took the decision to begin marketing single malt as a premium brand in its own right, effectively creating the modern single malt whisky category.[4]
Kristoff will take a break in late April before heading to California or Italy. If he does ride the Giro d’Italia, he is expected to focus on the expected sprint stages in the first two weeks before leaving the race before the mountain stages as so many other sprinters often do. Kristoff last rode the Giro d’Italia in 2012 –his first season with Katusha. He finished second in a sprint behind Mark Cavendish in Cervere and the team was second in the Verona team time trial.
What's wrong with background checks? No one is trying to take away their stupid guns. I swear. — Terry McMillan (@MsTerryMcMillan) April 18, 2013
Then he tells the cops he woke up to someone kissing his neck, and figuring it was his wife, he kissed back. Of course he doesn't remember anything else here -- he took all those painkillers.
The horror of the story leads to a host of questions, from where was the mother at this time? Who takes serious narcotics when they're supposed to be in charge of a group of pre-teens? And how did an 11-year-old become pregnant?
As the museum where my office is located for some reason does not sort our mail according to the new 9-11 commission recommendations, please include a return address on your package. Otherwise I will be forced to open your letter/tin foil wrapped package with tweezers and a scalpel while wearing gloves and a protective mask. Although this is highly entertaining for the undergraduates who work in my lab it is unlikely that I will take your request seriously.
On Sunday, Ansari -- apparently running late for his flight out of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport -- took to Twitter to frantically find someone who could help him secure a torta from celebrity chef Rick Bayless' Torta Frontera.
HuffPost took a look back at some of Ansari's favorite moments with Chicago food and it's pretty clear that while many options aren't budget-friendly, the guy has good taste.
The mission took the vaccine to the Canary Islands, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Mexico, the Philippines and China.[4] The ship carried also scientific instruments and translations of the Historical and Practical Treatise on the Vaccine by Moreau de Sarthe to be distributed to the local vaccine commissions to be founded.
In Puerto Rico, the local population had already been inoculated from the Danish colony of Saint Thomas. In Venezuela, the expedition divided at La Guayra. José Salvany, the deputy surgeon, went toward today's Colombia and the Viceroyalty of Peru (Venezuela, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia). They took seven years and the toils of the voyage brought death to Salvany (Cochabamba, 1810). Balmis went to Caracas and later to Havana. The local poet Andrés Bello wrote an ode to Balmis. In New Spain, Balmis took 25 orphans to maintain the infection during the crossing of the Pacific. In the Philippines, they received help from the Catholic church, which was initially reluctant until Governor-General Rafael Aguilar made an example by vaccinating his five children.[5] Balmis sent most of the expedition back to New Spain while he went on to China, where he visited Macau and Canton. On his way back to Spain, Balmis convinced the British authorities of Saint Helena (1806) to be vaccinated.
It goes without saying that all of this is truly gross. To think it's in any way appropriate, as an able-bodied person, to take advantage of systems that have been put in place to make life easier for those with physical disabilities is disgusting; to do so in order to assert your extreme privilege is despicable. It's wonderful (and necessary!) that there's a Disney tour service out there catering to those with special needs; to co-opt it as a means of further spoiling advantaged rich kids is shameful, oblivious, and demeaning.
The long process of freezing my eggs was daunting, emotional, and took over my life for a month. A week after my initial consult, I found myself the youngest by a mile in a room full of women over 35, at a two hour '101 of Egg Freezing' class at NYU. I was used to the older women's stares—most assumed I faced major fertility issues or was sick with some life-threatening disease. I openly explained that I was just being pragmatic. The overwhelming response was, 'I wish I had done it at your age. This is too much to handle physically and emotionally now.' The nurse overseeing the class showed us how to inject the various hormones ( HCG, Estrogen,ect) in our thighs. Egg Freezing 101 barely covered risks in a slide show. I'm sure it was in the fine print somewhere.
On the 16th day, I went in for surgery under general anesthetic. The actual surgery is fairly simple and takes less than 30 minutes: my eggs were removed with a large needle placed strategically through ultrasound guidance. I emerged from surgery an hour later, woozy but otherwise happy the 19 eggs were retrieved (10 – 15 is considered a success I was told). My stomach was noticeably swollen to the size of melon. When I insisted that my belly felt abnormally enlarged, the nurse simply gave me a one-sheeter on 'Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome (OHSS)' and told me to call if I worsened. For the next three days, I waddled around. A waitress mistook me for pregnant, and on Monday, I showed up to work looking 6 months pregnant. I was so uncomfortable I went home early. I was planning to call NYU on Tuesday when, mid-slumber Monday night, the excruciating pains hit.
I barely made it through the first night. My best friend Alexandra slept over and told me that every 15 minutes until morning I'd awake drenched in a cold sweat, screaming for Percocet. I had to switch to Oxycodone the next day to manage the pain. She stayed with me that whole week, as I was physically unable to even roll out of bed on my own, much less standing up. Walking to the bathroom 16 feet away was a team effort and took a solid 10 minutes. Mandatory bed rest ensued as I was at high risk to have a repeat ovarian torsion: My ovaries were still the size of grapefruits. I couldn't leave my apartment for two weeks and wasn't allowed to workout for a month following the ER trip.
Ben Hunt was on fire again and in an impressive performance notched up 85 points. The halfback took control of Brisbane’s attack making two linebreaks, five tackle busts, a try assist and he even crossed for a try of his own.
It was shared on Imgur, and has been viewed over a million times in the last two days. The caption reads: “So one of the students came with her kid, because she didn’t have a babysitter. The kid starts to cry in the middle of the class, so his mom, all embarrassed gets up to leave, and the professor took the kid from her, calmed him and continued teaching.”
Howdy readers! Long time no see. First off, I’d like to apologize for having not made a new post in over a month. My wife recently gave birth to our first child – a boy – born on July 2nd. As I’m sure you can understand, all of my attention and time has been devoted to learning how to take care of the little guy since he arrived. It’s been a wild ride so far, and we’re only just getting started! Things are starting to calm down now though, and because of that I can finally return to Complete Keto to share more recipes with you.
Step 3: Toss the pork chops on the grill. Cook on one side for roughly 5 minutes. Then, turn them over and cook on the other side for about 4 minutes. When grilling pork chops, be sure to cook them until the center is no longer pink. The center should be cooked to 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). I took mine off of the grill when they looked like this:
After the publishing of The Lord of the Rings (published in 1954 and 1955), there were a great many Tolkien imitators released (Terry Brooks Shannara series in 1977 is an example). But there were many great fantasy series that attempted to either build on The Lord of the Rings and/or take epic fantasy in a new direction: Michael Moorcock’s Law vs. Chaos cycle of books but especially Elric, (which first appeared in 1972), Corum (gotta love the silver hand), and the others in the Eternal Champion meme; David Edding’s Belgariad series (started in 1982); Roger Zelazny’s Chronicles of Amber series; and Stephen R. Donaldson’s Thomas Covenant series. Robert Jordan (w/ Brandon Sanderson)’s Wheel of Time series (nominated en masse for the 2014 Hugo) should be mentioned as a contemporary series of A Song of Ice and Fire.
For example, in LOTR as men are usurping the elves as the dominant “species” in that world, the elves seem to be willing allies. But in The Dragonbone Chair (TDC), the Sitha (who were in Osten Ard before men) are un-willing to help men, and in some instances begrudge them their right to the land (since men killed many Sitha and took their cities, a grudge is most likely in order).
“Then know this,” Jiriki said stiffly. “Though the years that have passed since we were sundered from the Hikeda’ya – those you call the Norns – are as numerous as snowflakes, still we are one blood. How could we take the side of upstart men against our kin? Why should we, when once we walked together beneath the sun, coming out of the ultimate East? What allegiance could we possibly owe to mortals, who have destroyed us as eagerly as they destroy all else…even themselves?” None of the humans but Binabik could meet his cold gaze. Jiriki lifted a long finger before him. “And the one you whisperingly call the Storm King…he whose name was Ineluki…” He smiled bitterly as the companions stirred and shivered. “Ah, even his name is fearsome. He was the best of us once – beautiful to see, wise far beyond the understanding of mortals, bright-burning as a flame! – if he is now a thing of dark horror, cold and hateful, whose is the fault? If now, bodiless and vengeful, he schemes to brush mankind from the face of his land like dust from a page – why should we not rejoice? It was not Ineluki who drove us into exile, so that we must always hide among Aldheorte’s dark trees like deer, wary always of discovery. We strode Osten Ard in the sunlight before men came, and the works of our hands were beautiful beneath the stars. What have mortals ever brought to us but suffering?” (pg 686-687)
They also attacked the Pac-10's leading scorer, Allen Crabbe. With Andy Brown having the primary defensive responsibility, Stanford held Crabbe to 14 points, six under his average. He took just four shots in the first half and made one of them.
It is evident that politics is undergoing a process of transformation – and it may be proven true that traditional assumptions no longer apply. In the short term, it would be unwise to definitely claim that a revolutionary new era of politics has arrived. Nonetheless, there are missing voters out there – exactly what colour their political hue is, or could become, remains more difficult to analyse. We have to go back to 1992 to witness the last occasion that UK voters turned out in earnest (when 33.61 million people voted). The most recent effort in the 3015 general election (and bear in mind this took place with an increased overall population) only mustered 30.7 million voters. In short, and reducing an article entirely focused on statistical analysis to the most pertinent numbers, it is evident that there is much to play for – which is why the debate for the soul of the Labour party is particularly pivotal. The complexity inherent within the electorate is such that the Labour Party must identify a brand of politics that harnesses the emergent trend of popular left-wing attitudes meshed with a consideration for the forgotten constituencies that have not recently participated in electoral processes. They also need to remain aware that there are traditional 'small c' conservative mindsets out there that also need to be harnessed as part of any attempt to build a platform of electability (and head off any potential continued resurgence of Conservative voting numbers) indicates the scale of the challenge. The most productive next step that post-New Labour could engage in is reasoned and constructive debate with regard to arriving at a clear and decisive understanding of the 1997 results. I am a staunch critic of Blair (for reasons directly related to the Iraq War); however, the electoral performance he oversaw at the start of his tenure proved that Labour was capable of winning the support of 13.52 million people. Blairites would benefit from a dash of humility and, rather than blandly trot out the ‘played three, won three’ argument, promote a more nuanced discussion of electoral appeal. Corbynistas would be wise to focus on identifying, in detailed fashion, just what brand of politics the ‘missing millions’ might be motivated by as opposed to relying on the internal momentum they seem to have built for themselves.
What really takes nerve is to speak truth to knuckleheads. There are tens of millions of them. And they get to vote.
In it, a small town in Colorado is invaded by Russian paratroopers. The local high school kids get guns and take to the hills.
I travelled across 26 countries in 8 months. I am so tired of sleeping in airports like a bum. Flights are often delayed. Right now it took me 36 hours to get here from Brazil. It was supposed to take 23 hours. Where did I sleep? Airports.
It is very hard. Yes, it is a lot of money. Really a lot. But it is hard. Sometimes there is no time to take a shower. There is no time to eat or sleep. I slept 4 hours a day. I came home after a seminar and took care of other business, such as my online training with 8 guys. Just this takes me about 2 hours a day. There is a lot of work.
I want to work hard People want me to do a seminar in Russia. Well, take care of it. Nobody wants to. I don’t have time. My wife is also busy [In the part 1 he mentioned that the core of his Winner company is his dad and wife]. I don’t want to recruit random people. I want to work with those I can trust. Guys from the national team all want to be directors and I don’t need a director.
Yes. 100% sure. My ego tells me “go back to the weightlifting, go back, take a title”. But I am very spontaneous and I follow what I decide. If I announce: “I’m going to be the best, I’m going to beat Akkaev and Ilyin, I gotta do my best to fulfill that. I am a man my word. But that is not good for me. So I’m going think ten times before I decide in April.
Michigan officials on Wednesday wouldn’t estimate whether it would take weeks, months, or longer before Flint residents’ water would be safe to drink, and there are no current plans to replace the corroded lead pipes at the heart of the crisis.
Anyway, this rant is over. End game: Prime Minister Singh had to throw in the towel this weekend. If he would have pushed harder, there was a threat that the BJP and the commies could have gone for the government crash, so Singh let it drop. Singh has egg all over his face, because he swore this deal was going to go thru, and now he kind of looks like a dork. The Bush administration/The US takes a serious hit too because this was one of the only bright spots of foreign policy they have been able to muster for 7 years. They were really fired up to be making India a stronger ally. Oh well, that may still come to pass. But for now: no nukes in India , India is tied to oil dependence, and the US will have to figure out some new ways for people around the word to stop using all the oil that we want for ourselves. Go get’em fellas!
“I asked if I could wear my religious headwear and he said, yes — it just couldn’t have any logos, or any type of writing. I told him it didn’t, and I went out to my car and got my colander. It doesn’t cover my face. I mean, you can still see my face. We have to take off our glasses, so I took off my glasses,” Hammond said.
"What I take from our conversation today is that we can overcome these differences if we recognise that we share some fundamental aims: to end the conflict, to stop Syria breaking apart, to let the Syrian people choose who governs them and to take the fight to the extremists and defeat them," he said.
"It started a few months ago with donors saying 'do you think there's any shot,' to donors now saying 'how do we convince him to do it.' Which is kind of interesting because they have heard Gov. Romney say 'I'm not planning on doing this again' and I think some of these donors don't want to take no for an answer," added Zwick.
IIS Express will work with VS 2010 and Visual Web Developer 2010 Express, will run on Windows XP and higher systems, does not require an administrator account, and does not require any code changes to use. You will be able to take advantage of it with all types of ASP.NET applications, and it enables you to develop using a full IIS 7.x feature-set.
Using IIS as your development server allows you to take full advantage of all web-server features (SSL, URL Rewrite Rules, etc). IIS is a full-fledged web-server – which means you’ll get an experience closer to what it will work like when you deploy the application on a production server.
IIS Express is as easy to run and use as the ASP.NET Web Server you are familiar with today. But because IIS Express is based on the IIS 7x codebase, you have a full web-server feature-set that you can use. This means you can build and run your applications just they’ll work on a real production web-server. In addition to scenarios like SSL, you can take advantage of the IIS 7.x URL Rewriter module, Media Extensions, Dynamic Compression, Advanced Logging, Custom Security and other rich modules now available.
We think IIS Express makes it even easier to build, run and test web applications. It works with all versions of ASP.NET and supports all ASP.NET application types (including obviously ASP.NET Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC applications). Best of all – you do not need to change any code to take advantage of it. You’ll be able to optionally use it with all your current projects today.
Seven years later, Gilchrist tells Yahoo News that the Minutemen Project has petered out amid expensive legal battles over control of the group. Some of his former comrades attempted to fire him as president, alleging that he was using the group's funds inappropriately. He countersued for defamation and lost, but eventually won back control of the group in court. Outspoken activists mainly interested in money and fame infiltrated the ranks and tried to take over, says Gilchrist, distracting from the original goal of border watching. "There are bad apples," he said. "There are some in any group."
If nonviolence/people power is privilege, explain this eyewitness account from Oakland last Wednesday, posted on the Occupy Oakland site by Kallista Patridge: “By the time we got to the University building, a brave man was blocking the door screaming "Peaceful Protest! This is my city, and I don't want to destroy it!" He cracked his knuckles, ready to take on an attack, his face splattered in paint from the Whole Foods fiasco [in which downtown Oakland’s branch of the chain store was spraypainted and smashed up based on a rumor that workers were told they’d be fired if they took the day off for the General Strike]. Behind the doors were men in badges. I was now watching a black man shield cops from a protest. The black flag group began pointing out those attempting to stop them, chanting ‘The peace police must be stopped,’ and I was, personally, rather disgusted by the strategy of comparing peacefully pissed people to police….”
This account is by a protestor who also noted in downtown Oakland that day a couple of men with military-style haircuts and brand new clothes put bandannas over their faces and began to smash stuff. She thinks that infiltrators were part of the property destruction and maybe instigated it, and Copwatch’s posted video seems to document police infiltrators at Occupy Oakland. One way to be impossible to sabotage is to be clearly committed to tactics that the state can’t coopt. If an infiltrator wants to nonviolently blockade or march or take out the garbage, well, that’s one more of us. If an infiltrator sabotages us by recruiting for mayhem, that’s a comment on what those tactics are good for.
We stood up. We fought a nonviolent battle against four hundred riot police that was so effective the police didn’t even dare show up. That’s people power. The same day Occupy Oakland took its campsite back, with people power, and the black bloc kids were reportedly part of the whole: they dismantled the cyclone fencing panels and stacked them up neatly. That’s how Occupy San Francisco won. And that’s how Occupy Oakland won.
To kick off Jordan’s new monthly article discussing what comes to the Wii U’s eShop every month, he takes a look at the back catalogue up until now, and gives you a rundown on the games currently on the store worth purchasing.
Ah the Wii U. In some people’s eyes it is an abomination while in others it is a bastion for the older days of gaming and that Nintendo patented cuteness. Whatever your stance is, if you’re a gamer that has one you’ll want to be playing the best games and at the best value. This series will give you a monthly rundown on the newest titles that are added to the eShop each month – with a specific focus on the digital-only games. (Retail titles will be mentioned in passing, but are not the main focus). To kick this off, I’m going to take a look at at the titles that have graced the Wii U over it’s first year and a half – let’s do this! Along the way I’ll use a simple rating for each game – Ignore, Watch or Buy. Ignore are games that aren’t worth your time or money – give them a miss. Watch means to put this game down on your watch list, and pick it up when the price comes down to something you agree with, or you get some extra money in your pocket. Buy should be the things you head straight for!
Kung Fu Rabbit often takes two steps forward, one step back. On one hand, the controls are absolutely tight, which is very important in any platformer, and the graphics are very HD and smooth. On the other hand, it’s light on content, and the menus lack text making it feel like an ipad game most of the time, which really lets it down. As you progress in the game you collect carrots which can be used for upgrades, and you face various obstacles which do add variety. A bit more of a push could have made this game great – and I really hope the development team gets to expand on this premise in a sequel.
In popular culture within the United States, snake oil is particularly renowned to be a commodity peddled at American Old West-themed medicine shows, although the judgment condemning snake oil as medicine took place in Rhode Island, and involved snake oil manufactured in Massachusetts.[7] The snake oil peddler is a stock character in Western movies, depicted as a traveling "doctor" with dubious credentials, selling fake medicines with boisterous marketing hype, often supported by pseudo-scientific evidence. To increase sales, an accomplice in the crowd (a shill) will often attest to the value of the product in an effort to provoke buying enthusiasm. The "doctor" will leave town before his customers realize they have been cheated.[2] This practice has wide-ranging implications, and is known as a confidence trick, a type of fraud. This particular confidence trick is purported to have been a common mechanism utilized by peddlers in order to sell various counterfeit and generic medications at medicine shows.
Even today, however, there is a stigma associated with those who choose not to believe in God. The University of Miami even took some persuading to create the chair with the word “atheism” in the title, according to Harvey Siegel, a professor of philosophy at the University, who helped broker the arrangement.
I am happy to say that this is finally happening. For several years now a bipartisan group, which includes experts in the area of boys’ issues and fatherhood—and many of these are women, some of whom strongly identify as feminists—has been pushing for a White House Council on Boys and Men, which would parallel the one that President Obama established for women and girls shortly after he took office in 2009. Lately, there is more in the media about the boys’ issue. And along with this, there are members of Congress on both sides of the aisle who are aware of the proposal to create a White House Council on Boys and Men and are ready to be supportive.
Signed into law as part of Act 101, the new law takes effect in 60 days.
Senator Clinton took in $52,600, more than half of the total going to all Democrats, and a figure equaling 60 percent of the sum going to the entire GOP field. Her closest competitor for defense industry money is former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney (R.), who raised $32,000.
Former Senator John Edwards (D-N. Car.) raised $12,200 and Illinois Senator Barack Obama (D) took in $10,000.
Highway is a 400km² map which is placed in north Sweden. It´s a fictional map on the idea of the Wargame map "Highway to Hell". But only the name is the same. I´m aiming to replace all those Arma 2 objects, so A3MP/AiA will no longer be a requirement. But this is a long way, but I hope you have fun with the map at the current stage :) ir0nIt´s not a map of Bohemia Interactive, IceBreakr, M1lkm8n, SmokeDog3 or one of these other awesome mapmaker. But I hope you like it.- 20x20km Map = 400km²- Cellsize of 10 (Guide On Installing Mods highway.pbombg_buildings_3.pboMore images can be found here: http://www.ir0n.de/hwpics.html This is a WIP never forget that!- There a at the moment only 10 "citys"Please report bugs here:v0.1: create Terrian & Satmap/Masklayerv0.2: Forest, Citys, Villagesv0.3: Private Testing and more Detailsv0.4: Powernet & better streetsv0.5: Public Release (BETA)v0.6-v0.9: Community wishes and more detailsv1.0: Finish the mapv1.1-v1.5: start to replace the Arma 2 objectsv1.6: replace the MBG BuildingsI dont recommend playing the map at the moment, but you can play missions in some parts of the map! If you hate using WIP work just dont use it!Highway is Alpha at the moment and it will take quiet a time, when it will be finished.Bak0, Barandur, MiLC0RE, Greenman and mondkalb.Also big thank to: Bohemia Interactive, PlaywithSix, Foxhound (Armaholic) and all those great people on the BI & Armaholic Forums.I take no responsibility for (im)possible damage to your game/system that may be causedby installation of this Addon. This Addon is also prohibited to be used in any commercial product.This addon is not related with BIS or BISim in any way!v0.3 alpha- first public releasev0.2.11 alpha- internal release MBG Buildings 3 - European Theatre (included)
Short Bytes: MOCAS is the world’s oldest computer program that’s still in active use. It was launched in 1958 by the United States Department of Defense for keeping track of contracts and payments. After 59 long years, MOCAS, pronounced “MOH-cass”, is still used to take care of the records using an IBM 2098 model E-10 mainframe.
Off Yamato’s port beam appeared the torpedo planes, looking dark and ominous in the gray murk. As the TBM Avengers swooped in closer, the smaller guns on Yamato joined in the collective defense. One of the torpedo planes took a hit in the wing, pulled up in flames, then plunged into the sea. The others kept coming. Torpedoes dropped from their bellies, slashing through the water toward Yamato.
The Japanese ships were zigzagging across the water like rabbits evading hounds. The destroyers, more nimble than the light cruiser Yahagi and the dreadnought Yamato, were the hardest to hit. They were also the most vulnerable, sinking quickly when they took a bomb or torpedo. The destroyer Hamakaze went down within minutes of the first attack. Two more destroyers were trailing black smoke, moving at only half speed. They were maneuvering in a counterclockwise circle around Yamato, adding their guns to the collective fire.
At that moment—2:23 in the afternoon—the Yamato exploded. The blast rose like a volcanic eruption. As the fireball dissipated, a black mushroom cloud took its place, billowing a mile into the sky. The smoke was seen by coast watchers over a hundred miles away on the shore of Kyushu.
If a purely descriptive account of suicide is possible, where should it begin? While it is tempting to say that suicide is any self-caused death, this account is vulnerable to obvious counterexamples. An individual who knows the health risks of smoking or of skydiving, but willfully engages in these behaviors and dies as a result, could be said to be causally responsible for her own death but not to have died by suicide. Similarly, an individual who takes a swig of hydrochloric acid, believing it to be lemonade, and subsequently dies causes her own death but does not engage in suicidal behavior. Moreover, not only are there self-caused deaths that are not suicides, but there are behaviors that result in death and are arguably suicidal in which the agent is not the cause of her own death or is so only at one remove. This can occur when an individual arranges the circumstances for her death. A terminally ill patient who requests that another person inject her with a lethal dose of tranquilizers has, intuitively, died by suicide. Though she is not immediately causally responsible for her death, she appears morally responsible for her death, since she initiates a sequence of events which she intended to culminate in her death, a sequence which cannot be explained without reference to her beliefs and desires. (Such a case exemplifies voluntary euthanasia.) Likewise, those who die via ‘suicide by cop,’ where an armed crime is committed in order to provoke police into killing its perpetrator, are responsible for their own deaths despite not being the causes of their deaths. In these kinds of cases, such agents would not die, or would not be at an elevated risk for death, were it not for their initiating such causal sequences. (See Brandt 1975, Tolhurst 1983, Frey 1981, but for a possible objection see Kupfer 1990.)
Condition (a) is a doxastic condition. It is meant to show that deaths (or increased risks for death) resulting from an individual’s act that causes death (or the risk thereof) are not suicides if the individual acts in ignorance of the relevant risks of her behavior (for example, when an individual accidentally takes a lethal dose of a prescription drug). At the same time, (a) accounts for cases such as the aforementioned terminally ill patient whose death is caused only indirectly by her request to die. Condition (a) does not require that S know that B will put her at a significantly greater risk for death, nor even that S’s beliefs about B’s lethality be true or even justified. Suicidal individuals sometimes have false beliefs about the lethality of their chosen suicide methods, greatly overestimating the lethality of over the counter painkillers while underestimating the lethality of handguns, for instance. An individual could believe falsely, or on the basis of inadequate evidence, that placing one’s head in an electric oven significantly increases one’s chances of dying, but that behavior is nonetheless suicidal. The demand that S believe that B makes death highly likely is admittedly inexact, but it permits us to navigate between two extreme and mistaken views. On the one hand, it implies that behavior which is in fact only marginally more likely to cause a person’s death is not suicidal (you are more likely to die driving your car than in your living room, but driving your car hardly qualifies as ‘suicidal’). On the other hand, to demand that S believe that B certainly or almost certainly will cause S’s death is too strict, since it will rarely be the case (given the possibility of intervening conditions, etc.) that B will necessarily cause S’s death, and in fact many suicidal individuals are ambivalent about their actions (Cholbi 2011, 31–35), an ambivalence which is in turn reflected in their selecting suicide methods that are far from certain to cause death. It also allows us to distinguish genuinely suicidal behavior from suicidal gestures, in which individuals engage in behavior they believe is not likely to cause their death but is nonetheless associated with suicide attempts, while in fact having some other intention (e.g., gaining others’ sympathy) in mind.
Yet again, both the concept of coercion and its applicability to instances of risky or self-harming behavior is unclear. Typically, coercion denotes interference by others. So, according to condition (c), a spy threatened with torture lest he relinquish crucial military secrets who then poisons himself did not die by suicide, some would contend, since the spy’s captors compelled him to take his life. However, one can imagine a similar situation in which the agent of “coercion” is not another person. An extremely ill patient may opt to take his own life rather than face a future fraught with physical pain. But why should we not say that this patient was ‘coerced’ by his situation and therefore did not die by suicide? Because of their desires, loyalties, and values, both the spy and the ill patient saw themselves as having no other alternative, given their ends, but to cause their own deaths. In both instances, what the individual has reason to do was modified by circumstances outside their control so as to make death a rational option where it previously was not. Thus, there does not appear to be grounds for restricting coercion only to interference by other people, since factual circumstances can be similarly coercive. Either any factor, natural, human, or otherwise, that influences an individual’s reasoning so as to make death the most rational option counts as coercion, at which point condition (c) hardly functions as a restriction at all, or cases such as the spy facing torture are suicides too and (c) is unnecessary. (See Tolhurst 1983, 113–115.) Nor is it obvious that coercion necessarily changes the nature of a coerced act. A person coerced into singing is nevertheless singing. Hence, an act that is otherwise suicidal remains suicidal even if it is coerced (Paterson 2003).
This section outlines the main currents of historical philosophical thought about suicide in ‘the West’ (Europe, the Middle East, and North America). Such an emphasis should not obscure the rich traditions of thought originating outside those geographical confines, however. Important thinkers from Africa, Asia, and the indigenous populations of the Western hemisphere took a philosophical interest in suicide. Little appears to unite philosophical thinking about suicide from these traditions aside from the fact that they are far less influenced by monotheism than is the Western tradition. Some of the ethical considerations concerning suicide raised in these traditions are also found in Western thought. For instance, the claim that suicide may violate ethical duties to others is addressed by Confucius, who primarily views the matter through the lens of filial piety (Confucius 2003). Others, for example the Jain practice of, a type of spiritual fasting intended to hasten death, do not seem to have correlates in the Western tradition (Umaswati 1992). Unfortunately, the diversity of positions within the non-Western traditions preclude easy summation. Those interested in these traditions are urged to consult Battin (2015). (The online archive of Battin (2015) is particularly useful in this regard; users can search for philosophical writings on suicide based on geographic origin and intellectual tradition.)
If by the ‘divine order’ is meant the causal laws created by God, then it would always be wrong to contravene these laws for the sake of our own happiness. But clearly it is not wrong, since God frequently permits us to contravene these laws, for he does not expect us not to respond to disease or other calamities. Therefore, there is not apparent justification, as Hume put it, for God’s permitting us to disturb nature in some circumstances but not in others. Just as God permits us to divert rivers for irrigation, so too ought he permit us to divert blood from our veins. If by ‘divine order’ is meant the natural laws God has willed for us, which are (a) discerned by reason, (b) such that adherence to them will produce our happiness, then why should not suicide conform to such laws when it appears rational to us that the balance of our happiness is best served by dying? Finally if by ‘divine order’ is meant simply that which occurs according to God’s consent, then God appears to consent to all our actions (since an omnipotent God can presumably intervene in our acts at any point) and no distinction exists between those of our actions to which God consents and those to which He does not. If God has placed us upon the Earth like a “sentinel,” then our choosing to leave this post and take our lives occurs as much with his cooperation as with any other act we perform.
Finally, Hume rejects the thesis that suicide violates our duties to self. Sickness, old age, and other misfortunes can make life sufficiently miserable that continued existence is worse than death. As to worries that people are likely to attempt to take their lives capriciously, Hume replies that our natural fear of death ensures that only after careful deliberation and assessment of our future prospects will we have the courage and clarity of mind to kill ourselves.
Obviously, answers to any one of these four questions will bear on how the other three ought to be answered. For instance, it might be assumed that if suicide is morally permissible in some circumstances, then neither other individuals nor the state should interfere with suicidal behavior (in those same circumstances). However, this conclusion might not follow if those same suicidal individuals are irrational and interference is required in order to prevent them from taking their lives, an outcome they would regret were they more fully rational. Furthermore, for those moral theories that emphasize rational autonomy, whether an individual has rationally chosen to take her own life may settle all four questions. In any event, the interrelationships among suicide’s moral permissibility, its rationality, and the duties of others and of society as a whole is complex, and we should be wary of assuming that an answer to any one of these four questions decisively settles the other three.
This position is open to at least two objections. First, it does not seem to follow from having a right to life that a person has a right to death, i.e., a right to take her own life. Because others are morally prohibited from killing me, it does not follow that I am permitted to kill me. This conclusion is made stronger if the right to life is inalienable, since in order for me to kill myself, I must first renounce my inalienable right to life, which I cannot do (Feinberg 1978). It is at least possible that no one has the right to determine the circumstances of a person’s death! Furthermore, as with the property-based argument, the right to self-determination is presumably circumscribed by the possibility of harm to others.
A second brand of social argument echoes Aristotle in asserting that suicide is a harm to the community or the state. One general form such arguments take is that because a community depends on the economic and social productivity of its members, its members have an obligation to contribute to their society, an obligation clearly violated by suicide (Pabst Battin 1996, 70–78, Cholbi 2011, 58–60). For example, suicide denies a society the labor provided by its members, or in the case of those with irreplaceable talents such as medicine, art, or political leadership, the crucial goods their talents enable them to provide. Another version states that suicide deprives society of whatever individuals might contribute to society morally (by way of charity, beneficence, moral example, etc.) Still, it is difficult to show that a society has a moral claim on its members’ labor, talents, or virtue that compels its members to contribute to societal well-being no matter what. After all, individuals often fail to contribute as much as they might in terms of their labor or special talents without incurring moral blame. It does not therefore seem to be the case that individuals are morally required to benefit society in whatever way they are capable, regardless of the harms to themselves. Again, this line of argument appears to show at most only that suicide is sometimes wrong, namely, when the benefit (in terms of future harm not suffered) the individual gains by dying is less than the benefits she would deny to society by dying.
To this point, we have addressed arguments that concern whether a moral permission to engage in suicidal behavior exists, and indeed, it is this question that has dominated ethical discussion of suicide. Yet the social arguments against suicide are fundamentally consequentialist, and some act-utilitarians have discussed the correlative possibility that the good consequences of suicide might so outweigh its bad consequences as to render suicide admirable or even morally obligatory (Cosculluela 1995, 76–81). In fact, in some cases, suicide may be honorable. Suicides that are clearly other-regarding, aiming at protecting the lives or well-being of others, or at political protest, may fall into this category (Kupfer 1990, 73–74). Examples of this might include the grenade-jumping soldier mentioned earlier, or the spy who takes his life in order not to be subjected to torture that will lead to his revealing vital military secrets. Utilitarians have given particular attention to the question of end-of-life euthanasia, suggesting that at the very least, those with painful terminal illnesses have a right to voluntary euthanasia (Glover 1990, chs. 14–15, Singer 1993, ch. 7). Yet utilitarian views hold that we have a moral duty to maximize happiness, from which it follows that when an act of suicide will produce more happiness than will remaining alive, then that suicide is not only morally permitted, but morally required.
While generally acknowledging Hardwig’s suggestion that duties to others have been neglected in discussion of the ethics of suicide, critics of morally required suicide raise a number of objections to his proposal. (See Hardwig et al. 2000, Humber & Almeder 2000.) Some doubt that the duty of beneficence to which Hardwig appeals justifies anything stronger than a permission to take one’s own life when continuing to live is burdensome to others (Cholbi 2010b). Others worry that a moral requirement to engage in suicide raises the sinister and totalitarian prospect that individuals may be obliged to engage in suicide against their wishes (Moreland & Geisler 1990, 94, Pabst Battin 1996, 94–95). This worry may reflect an implicit acceptance of a variation of the sanctity of life view (see section 3.2) or may reflect concerns about infringements upon individual’s autonomy (see section 3.6). Other critics suggest that even if there is a duty to die, this duty should not be understood as a duty that entails that others may compel those with such a duty to take their lives (Menzel 2000, Narveson 2000). Questions about social justice and equality (whether, for example, especially vulnerable populations such as women or the poor might be more likely to act on such a duty) are also raised. One utilitarian response to these objections is to reject a duty to die on rule utilitarian grounds: Suicide would be morally forbidden because general adherence to a rule prohibiting suicide would produce better overall consequences than would general adherence to a rule permitting suicide (Brandt 1975, Pabst Battin 1996, 96–98).
“He took my heart and ran with it, and he’s running still, fast and strong, a piece of my heart bound up with his, forever.”
In April of 2005 my sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-law and I, along with my sister's dog, Zoe, were in a car accident. We couldn't take Zoe with us as we were being transported to the hospital to be examined, so dog control held on to Zoe. She escaped from them, and despite our searching, we found that she had been hit by a car a few days later.
Eventually, I started caring for Khloe better. I took him for walks - when I realized how happy it made him to get out, it encouraged me to get out more. We took bike rides together, and long walks, and even started going to the dog park. I started training him - he learned to stay and roll over and speak and jump and crawl under things on command, we even started getting compliments at the store on how well behaved he was. Khloe was so happy - and along the way, this was helping me to feel better … I learned to cope with depression better because of him. I don't know if I'd still be here if it weren't for him.
He loved to run. Anywhere he could be off leash was paradise for him. The first time he went to the family cabin, he ran around so much he made me scared that he was going to take off and not come back! I came to find out that he'd never go far, though. Even when we came across deer in the woods that he wanted to chase, he wouldn't leave me.
We took him back the next week to redo the bloodwork and had x-rays done at that time. His calcium was back to normal, nothing abnormal on the x-rays. So we started to ween him off the medication ...
When we took him home he ate some chicken and rice and was okay with that for a day or two before he stopped eating again. He managed to go to the dog park one more time, it was only a short while, but he had fun as much as he could in his condition. He became tired very quickly, but he had fun walking around the park with his favorite ball. We took some pictures together. He was going downhill that last week. He was so weak I had to help him to bed and into the car for rides, I'd never had to do that before. I force fed him, and he hated it. We spent most of that week laying on the couch or in bed together.
take with you this... I loved you best."
Brittany took first place in this year’s Google Science Fair for this achievement. At the age of 17, she has achieved something no ordinary physician, scientist, or computer engineer could have done.
I have struggled for many years with a substance addiction. I have decided that the most important thing I can do right now is to take care of my problem. I have disclosed that decision to the company, and we mutually agreed that it was appropriate that I resign. I will always appreciate the human understanding and warmth that Bob (Iger) displayed here and always. I come to this public disclosure with embarrassment, trepidation and a feeling of having let others I care about down. As I deal with this issue and what it means to me and my family, I ask for appropriate privacy and a little understanding. To my colleagues at ESPN, it has been a privilege. I take great pride in your accomplishments and have complete confidence in your collective ability to continue ESPN’s success.
And before that work could take place, the board would have to overcome, in the words of the board's associate director of planning and facilities Angelo Sangiorgio, "a complication."
TCDSB trustees will take into consideration Wednesday night's input from parents before making a final decision on the future of the two schools at its meeting on Feb. 23, Yan said.
For the sake of discussion, let’s take a moment to consider the best series of 2012 between two of the best series currently airing that share a lot in common. Who would win in a fight? Let’s touch gloves and find out.
The world kind of forgot how great Claire Danes was. It took about four hours for her to solidify her role as the most believably crazy protagonist on television. Watching Carrie flounder in a world that doesn’t understand her condition leaves users feeling hopelessly anxious, an uncomfortably addictive feeling reminiscent of watching chunks of 24. Why can’t Carrie just get her shit together? Who knew a genius way of playing that tiresome convention of ‘crazy person was right all along!’ could be heightened so well simply by making said person actually batshit insane.
What makes a great CIO? "It takes two things. One I do believe CIOs need to understand technology and feel comfortable. On the flip side, all CIOs need to understand the culture, go-to-market processes and the business processes. A lot of CIOs feel divorced from the business of the business," he said.
“I decided to take this action because I was fed up with watching businesses profiting from stolen content and illegal content while doing so under the guise of ‘user uploaded’ or ‘internet freedom’,” King adds.
“In the main file lockers are simply modern-day ‘fences’ of stolen goods. Just like a thief would take a stolen television or car radio to the pub and sell it for a few dollars, there are thousands of people around the world who take copyright content, upload it to an incentivized file locker, then get a few dollars to as much as $30 for 1000 downloads of that content.”
“If this is how you want to destroy our legal business you are wrong,” the company told King. “We do not allow any kind of illegal material, and if you have uploaded illegal material to NitroBits, and reported it to PayPal I will make sure I will take you to the European Supreme Court!”
So, applying the same reasoning, the vast majority of file-lockers will not have anything to do with the content being uploaded and, once they are alerted to a problem, will take action as the law requires. However, rather than being given the benefit of the doubt and the same room to move as PayPal, they’re finding their finances strangled instead.
Historically, Wonder Woman's origin is as the only daughter of Queen Hippolyta of Themyscira, a hidden island ruled by the immortal, all-female Amazons of Greek mythology. As the story goes, Hippolyta desired a child so strongly that the goddesses of the Greek pantheon took pity on her, and brought the clay child she had crafted to life. The child, Diana, was raised by the Amazons and eventually left Themyscira to guide Man's World to a better way.
Sure, you could make lifelong friends. But is it worth the effort? You’d have to actually take out your earbuds, stop snapchatting your high school friends, and put your phone away to engage in a good conversation with a fraternity man or sorority woman. That is probably too hard for you. It is so much easier to blend into the crowd, have one or two buddies you’ll meet in your residence hall, and throw back some Natty Light with them until graduation. There’s really no need to step outside of your comfort zone, meet new and diverse people, and bond over shared values and beliefs. You’d be much better off staying out of the Greek system, sticking with your old friends and old habits.
A benefit of being part of a fraternity or sorority is definitely being able to give back to important causes. But don’t you have your own expenses to take care of? College is expensive. Your bills could include rent, groceries, cell phone, utilities, beer, car insurance, gas, clothes, and spring break. Would you even want to try to give ten extra bucks to help find a cure for cancer? And who wants to give up precious weekend hours for community service? Someone else can build that Habitat home. Obviously you don’t need to even be in a fraternity or sorority to perform service or philanthropy. Plenty of college students do it. But I’m sure you’ve got other things on your plate.
Millions of dollars have also come from other sources, individuals who donate substantially to these projects, wealthy Israelis connected to or living in the Occupied Territories, and sadly, much money has come via political donations that are made to candidates who take up a particular anti-Muslim platform.
Violence carried out by Muslims inside the US is at extremely low levels. Between 2001 and 2010, 33 terrorist attacks were successfully carried out. Certainly that’s 33 too many, but compare that to the 150,000 murders that took place in the same period of time and a clearer picture emerges about where - and who - the real threat is.
The idea came about after I had to produce a large number of screenshots for a client project: 8 screenshots of the app, showing 3 different currencies (GBP, EUR and USD), timed by 3 different screen sizes (phone, 7" and 10" tablets). It took forever — I painstakingly photoshopped the status bar of each screenshot to be clean and without the distractions of low/charging battery, notifications or poor WiFi/data connection. There has to be a better way!
Slowly, over time, other Android versions and capabilities were added — from full battery and 12:00 only came the ability to manually change the time and toggle different icons for the top right of the status bar — e.g. WiFi, network and GPS. Ensuring that the spacing, fonts, icons and assets had the correct colour and size for each platform took a fair amount of time to get right and test — Jelly Bean has blue icons, KitKat can have a coloured gradient background, Lollipop introduced new icons and the ability to have a solid coloured background and more recently, Marshmallow brought the light status bar.
I had a number of feature requests to let people take screenshots with a transparent status bar, e.g. as you would see on the lock screen. Unfortunately because of how it works, by drawing over the existing status bar, transparency is not possible.
In this model, attackers don’t use the denial of service traffic to extort or to take revenge on their targets. Instead, it is simply a means to an end. The attacker launches the attack for two reasons. Firstly, they can misdirect the target’s administrative staff, taking up valuable time and resources and blinding them to other events occurring inside their network.
Ian Trump, security Lead at global cloud-based IT service management firm LOGICNow, said that a dark DDoS attack is often the hallmark of a more sophisticated criminal. It takes some knowledge to engineer one attack while misdirecting the target with another. If performed well, it can yield impressive results by forcing administrators at the target company to alter their infrastructure as they struggle to address the traffic problem. “In some cases network operations personnel or security personnel will actually degrade their security in the process,” he said.
Selling your items online is a great way to clear space taken up by things you don’t need and make money at the same time. You can transform your used items into money with just a few words, pictures, and clicks of your mouse. Selling is all about making connections, and by using online selling sites like eBay, you can make more connections from the comfort of your own home than you could in person. When you sell stuff online you aren't limited by time or distance; you can put your things up for sale on your schedule and let buyers bid on theirs. All you need is an Internet connection and you're instantly in touch with a whole world of people who are actively looking for what you're selling. With a yard sale you might be lucky to get a few dozen people; when you sell on eBay you can reach over a hundred million. To succeed at selling, it takes a little more than just a quick description and post. You need to capture your audience's attention, and that takes communication. Start with the description; it's a great way to clarify things like size and technical specifications. Don't forget the pictures; they are key for how to sell online. Good pictures show potential buyers exactly what you have to offer, not the general details but the specifics of the one you're selling. Photographs bring your item's history to life and let bidders see exactly what you're selling. This works whether you are selling clothes or electronics because people want to see what they're getting. Let them see the shoes, the tablet, or the sparkle in that ring. Your words may provide the details, but your choice of pictures is the tool you can use to capture their attention. Happy Selling.
Munir finds it surprising that even a big foreign bank, in business here for long, that introduced cards before any other bank, is yet to issue chip cards. “These banks take a lot of fee for issuing a card, but are not taking any measures to protect their customers,” he said.
Bangladesh is a late comer in plastic money market. A few banks have introduced cards in early 2000s, but it gained momentum after 2005. Now 52 banks out of 56 in the country have cards as their products. According to BB, there are nearly 7,500 ATMs where around 3.5 lakh transactions take place per day. The amount transacted through ATMs is Tk 250 crore daily.
Presently, there are 32,000 POS terminals where over 35,000 transactions take place per day. Nearly Tk 30 crore is transacted through these POSes daily. BB statistics also show that the number of debit cards and transactions doubled in the last four years reflecting the customers' growing dependence on plastic money. Yet banks have failed to take adequate security measures to protect customers.
The alleged incident took place on Sunday night at Upper East Side restaurant Sette Mezzo, where according to witnesses who spoke with Page Six, Schumer was dining with friends when he encountered long-time Democrat Joseph A. Califano Jr., a member of the board of directors at CBS who "served as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1977 to 1979, and he served as President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Assistant for Domestic Affairs from 1965 to 1969."
Beijing has spent nearly $17 billion to improve its environment ahead of the Olympics. The government plans to limit car traffic during the event, and is continuing a program of closing and moving the most polluted factories away from the city. This week plans were announced to suspend all construction projects between July 21 and September 20. And observers believe the authorities will take even more extreme measures, such as extending the car reduction plan to weeks before the Aug. 8 Olympic start date if it appears that pollution targets won't be met.
It's a picture of Adam Richman taking a mirror selfie in too-big pants to show off his weight-loss with the caption: “Had ordered this suit from a Saville Row tailor over a year ago. Think I’m gonna need to take it in a little…. #Victory #EyesOnThePrize #AnythingIsPossible #fitness #transformation #thinspiration”
I also posted a comment on Adam’s Instagram about how the term was problematic, but it was ignored, so I made a post about Adam’s "DILLIGAF" comment on my personal Instagram, and asked my followers to "tell him that eating disorders are not a joke and nothing to take lightly." My followers did just that, but I didn’t for one second predict the vitriol that followed.
In the meantime, DriveBC has been directing motorists to take an alternative route of Highway 12.
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
Justice Stephen Breyer takes up a lot of these points in his dissent, most notably, the majority's laughably narrow definition of what political corruption actually is -- that political corruption exists only if you buy a specific result from a specific legislator. But it hardly matters. The five-vote majority in favor of virtually unlimited corporate and individual spending in our elections is a rock solid one. Four days after almost every Republican candidate danced the hootchie-koo in Vegas to try and gain the support of a single, skeevy casino gazillionnaire, the majority tells us that there is no "appearance of corruption" in this unless somebody gets caught putting a slot machine in the Lincoln Bedroom on behalf of Sheldon Adelson. Money talks. Big money repeats itself, over and over, age after age.
The House Intelligence Committee is slated to interview President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner on Tuesday, according to a committee announcement.
The meat industry has fallen on hard times. After a steady decline in meat consumption in past years, it took a couple of hard hits last month, with the breaking of the pink slime scandal, followed a week later by the publication of a Harvard study linking red meat to a higher mortality risk. If you’re feeling a little less hungry for a burger these days, it’s no wonder.
Given the time during which the study took place, it’s unlikely that any of the participants were eating non-industrial, grass-fed and pastured meat. I think this is an important point, particularly when considering cancer mortality, since toxic compounds tend to accumulate in the fat of animals.
“Asynchronous programming is very important for developing the best user experiences. Information is in many places and modern applications seek to seamlessly integrate all those disparate sources into one cohesive view. The instantly loaded and completed web page is all illusion, however. Behind the scenes, numerous requests for information are made on the user’s behalf. Some of these are answered quickly and some may take longer. Some may go unanswered altogether,” he said.
Async takes care of that, he explained. “It turns out that you can mechanically transform code that’s written in the regular sequential style into asynchronous code using CPS, Continuation Processing Style code rewrites. You can rewrite any program that uses synchronous function calls with returns and turn them into functions that take callbacks — and that’s what powers async. You get to write your code as if it is synchronous and then the compiler rewrites it into asynchronous callback-based code for you and turns your code into a state machine.”
Expect that to take time to happen. “As with anything, it’s not happening overnight but there’s going to be an increasingly gradual shift and modern frameworks getting written now will use promises for all their async — and that means it will be a lot easier to consume them with async code. It’s going to be this wave that slowly washes over as opposed to something that happens overnight.”
The whole thing takes mere seconds and repeats itself several times during the pope's Wednesday lap of honor before the general audience on St. Peter's Square starts. If there are any larger groups he can see -- Boy Scouts, for example, or wheelchair-users -- then Christ's representative on Earth briefly taps the Popemobile-driver on the shoulder to get him to stop.
And this pope is political. He takes positions, including uncomfortable ones. He doesn't dodge, he gets involved. Before negotiating rapprochement between Cuba and the United States, he held a four-hour prayer vigil for peace in Syria. He scandalized Turkey by describing the Armenian genocide as just that, and provoked Israel by acknowledging Palestine as an independent state.
The best symbol of the Vatican's new style isn't the forgoing of the red shoes and the ermine-trimmed mozetta, but rather the renunciation of strict guidelines in general. Suddenly, meetings with high-ranking members of the Curia that used to be regularly scheduled are no longer take place. On Tuesday mornings, Francis no longer sermonizes for the general audience, instead doing whatever he wants to. In Albania, his prepared and already translated speech, was interrupted when two victims of Stalinism move the pope to tears.
The pope can fill the squares with his sermons, but not the churches or the priest seminars, at least not in Europe. It's still unclear what he stands for -- except for a church that is looking for its flock on the edges of society. A more decisive agenda is expected to be set by the Synod of Bishops in October. At that point, a discussion is to take place about the future of the family, positions towards homosexuals and the question of whether divorced people who have remarried should be allowed to receive communion. At the heart of the raging quarrel over the church's direction is a single question: In the 21st century, who needs to move towards whom -- the modern person towards the Catholic Church and all of its iron-clad requirements and prohibitions? Or the church towards the people and today's diverse forms of modern partnership?
But Francis' radical approach isn't appreciated by all Catholics. One German cleric says that the transgressions of individuals in the past in no way justify the way the current pope is cursing his staff. "Any tree can produce rotten fruit, but does that mean you automatically take the axe to the trunk?" he asks.
"Francis isn't just a very free man, he's also a bubbling volcano," says Sicilian Jesuit priest Antonio Spadaro, editor in chief of the Jesuit newspaper Civiltà Cattolica, which has been considered the unofficial central organ of the Vatican since Francis took office.
Now Gänswein has to go -- from the new pope up to the old pope. It takes seven minutes on foot and a hike of 30 vertical meters through the Vatican gardens to reach the Mater Ecclesiae monastery.
The retired neurosurgeon said his research, which took place in 1992, does not conflict with his call to defund Planned Parenthood after several undercover videos surfaced that purportedly show officials with the organization working with research companies using tissue from aborted fetuses.
The Hip took to the stage for a private backyard party on Auchmar Road on the west Mountain, near Garth Street by the escarpment. Social media posts called the party "Silvana's birthday."
Two neighbours said the home where the bash took place was that of Silvana DiCenzo, who is part of the family that operates DiCenzo Homes. A man tidying up the driveway of the home Sunday said he did not live there, but he confirmed the concert was The Tragically Hip. He said those at the home declined comment.
After seeing reaction from others online and hearing that the band was apparently checked into the Sheraton Hotel earlier that day Reed sat on his front porch to take it all in.
Partygoers took to social media to share photos and videos of the concert. Videos showed the set list included "My Music at Work" and "New Orleans is Sinking."
Adam's life (undeath?) takes a sudden turn when he's reunited with his longtime off-and-on lover, Eve (Swinton), and her wild card sister, Ava (Mia Wasikowska), paying a visit. They implement various schemes necessary for survival in a world in which humans have managed to taint their own blood, a sad state of affairs that requires working with a shady doctor (Jeffrey Wright) to get the supply they need to hang out for another millennium or two.
Considering games like Borderlands 2, SOTC and Ico and others were just released last month for free, which are widely considered amazing games, this statement has no merit. Go take your DmC hate somewhere else.
'I've seen Ryu on the MtG board so he's already cooler than most of you.' ~ XImperialDragon Considering games like Borderlands 2, SOTC and Ico and others were just released last month for free, which are widely considered amazing games, this statement has no merit. Go take your DmC hate somewhere else.God I will HATE this if this is EU only and us Americans get s*** again. But January is still a full week away so I have that long before I'll probably end up hating how many great games EU gets over US.
Considering games like Borderlands 2, SOTC and Ico and others were just released last month for free, which are widely considered amazing games, this statement has no merit. Go take your DmC hate somewhere else.
In a nutshell: The way last season ended raised eyebrows, obviously, with losses to Michigan State and Clemson ending OSU's title chances and hopes for entering the offseason on a high note, respectively. Meyer's response was to stay the course: He didn't feel the need to reach out to any of his coaching peers and mentors, Meyer said at Big Ten Media Days, because the Buckeyes' mentality – or sense of purpose, or whatever buzzword exemplifies the program's mental fortitude – remained intact. That's a positive, as is the idea that OSU, as a program, needed to taste a little bitter adversity before leaping to the top of the Football Bowl Subdivision. That step takes a hit in 2014, clearly, but the Buckeyes' long-term blueprint will be better off for last year's fall from grace.
Defense: So this defense, one that played at a miserable level for much of last season, must take on the challenge on winning games for the Buckeyes. Helping matters are three enormous factors: one, a ridiculously good front four; two, the sense that the entire defense is just scratching the surface of its potential; and three, a very nice offseason hire in new co-coordinator Chris Ash, who should have a positive impact on an underachieving secondary. The pass defense, last year's teeth-gnashing pain, will benefit from one of the nation's best defensive fronts. But the secondary is raw, if blessed with talent, and expecting a wholesale shift from the bottom to the top might be too much to ask. It's safer to ask for the following: improvement.
But let's touch on where OSU comes up lacking in comparison to the rest of the nation's elite. The first issue is the offensive line, which breaks in four full-time starters – though a few have past starting experience – and has to settle two ongoing competitions along the interior. The unit has a terrific position coach, but the line will need time to develop in advance of the heart of conference play. The second issue is the secondary and this pass defense, which will improve under Ash's tutelage but needs to take two steps forward to merely move toward the national average. Then there's quarterback, obviously, and Barrett simply lacks Miller's ability to make something out of nothing – let alone carry the offense on his own two shoulders, so Meyer and Herman face the biggest test of their turns in Columbus.
OSU can still have a special season. Maybe not special, in the sense that the year ends in Dallas; it can still be special, with a young and underclassmen-heavy roster battling against the stumbling blocks to end the season bruised and beaten yet atop the Big Ten. Without any question, this team's wealth of skill talent, amazing defensive front, speed along the back seven and ever-increasing depth makes it one of the two best teams in the conference. It's not going to be easy; it's going to be hard, in fact, and it's going to take everything OSU has in the tank. It can be done: Ohio State can still do this. It'll just be exponentially harder today than it seemed earlier this week.
Judd said it is contrary to the spirit of Trump’s policy and one of the reasons why border crossings have been rising for months after sharp declines that initially occurred after Trump took office.
My efforts so far have been focused on how someone should structure a Kickstarter project to increase the chances for success. The basic approach is to take a question, like “does a video improve the chance of being funded?”, and compare it to the average success rate (in my case, 48%). If the new success rate is above 48%, then we have a winner! So the video question above looks like:
I was surprised by this one – I didn’t expect such a strong relationship. The take home here is you want to have 7 or more reward levels!
Finally, if you wish to take a crack at analyzing the data (or verifying this post!) please contact me (you can find my contact info on the site). The data format is an MS SQL database (works with the free Express edition) and sorry, I’m not going to convert it for you, it’s a lot of data. I ask that you be willing to share anything you find, and I’ll update this post with a link to yours below.
In 1995, the Montreal Expos (remember them) let Larry Walker walk. He signed Colorado Rockies, took the average amount of steroids for 1995, and went from hitting a homerun every 20 plate appearances to crushing a long bomb every 13th at bat.
Todd Helton, a contact hitter first, averaging .316 in 17 years with the Rockies, had 8 seasons with 20 or more home runs, because just making contact with the ball in Coors Field can take it over the fence. Even in his final season Helton took the ball yard 15 times when he batted only .249.
Now let’s take a look at the 2016 Rockies Batting Order …
Donald Trump lived a life of hedonism in the 1980s and 1990s. If tabloid reports at the time are to be believed, the future president plowed his way through a portfolio’s worth of models and starlets. He even managed to drive a weird mini-news cycle with reports that he made all of his sexual partners take an AIDS test before he’d bless them with his sexual company. Karen Pence’s first husband, before she married Vice President Mike, helped invent Cialis, a drug that helps men who have difficulty experiencing sexual arousal achieve erections.
I took a couple days the week after to rewrite in regl. Includes my right to left time scale (so the westward paths don’t invert) and line to scatter transition that were just a little too confusing to publish.
"I looked for it, but I didn't know where it went," he said. "Then I remembered. The cat took it."
The Tigers didn't have anyone particularly close to the area in right-field foul territory where Candelario's throw went, so thanks to Dozier's hustle, he was able to circle the bases on one of the wackiest leadoff plays you'll ever see. The Twins took a 1-0 lead and ended up winning with an eight-run eighth inning to cut their magic number in the AL Central to 4.
Dozier ran a similar route back in April on an inside-the-park homer against James Shields, so that marks the second time this year that he's been able to take advantage of the defense on a strange play.
In this post we will learn pagination over selected data using Scroll API of elasticsearch .The scenario will be that we will take json data from input file and insert into ES index ,after that we will request a search query through Scroll API and fetch specified size of records from scrolled data.
After this we can delete index from our node,for this i have created method deleteIndex() which takes client and index name as argument .
“But for the time being it is. We have to remain vigilant and we have to continue to take the fight to the terrorist.”
“He’s really excited to be there,” said Korver. “He’s going to learn so much from Thibs. Early on in my career, I wish I would have had someone like Thibs to show me how to play really good team defense. That would have helped me a ton in my career. I feel like a lot of the success I’ve had the last couple of years is because of what I learned in Chicago. Being there with Thibs and learning how to play defense and being in an awesome, championship-caliber culture was really big for me. So Doug’s going to get that right now, like right at the very beginning, and it’s only going to do great things for his career. He takes the game very serious. He plays with a chip on his shoulder. He plays with an edge. He wants to be really good and he’s going to work for it. He doesn’t just want it; he wants to work for it. He dealt with every kind of defense. He’s been prepared for the NBA in so many ways, just in how he was guarded all the time, the pressure that was on him in Omaha, at Creighton. He’s a younger guy, but emotionally, he’s very mature.
“I coached J.J, Redick in college and it was all this, the similar critics saying, ‘Who is he going to guard, how’s he going to be a pro?’ Guys like that who have scored 3,000 points in college and every game they played in college they put two guys on him and tried to take him out of everything and they still scored 30 a game, those guys are really good players,” said Collins. “That’s why I know Doug will figure out a way to be a very good pro.
Yet Desai’s story is one of few about minority ethnic women that the left properly remembers. Perhaps that’s because there is a shortage of stories where Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) take centre stage, but even if that is the case, we should ask why.
This week, the United Nations Committee Against Torture (CAT) took the historic step of expressing concern about “conversion therapy,” also known as “ex-gay” or “reparative” therapy. But while much of the Western world is taking steps to eradicate the barbaric practice, U.S. conservatives are doing everything they can to spread the anti-LGBTQ practice in Africa.
Jake Tarbox spent most of his adult life in Japan, working as a media manager and television personality. After working at Coamix Inc. as senior editor of Raijin Comics, he took the position of Group Editor at DC Comics. He now runs Arashi Productions.
We come into this match with the players tied one game a piece. In Game 3 we quickly see Hoaen spin his Aetherworks Marvel, only to whiff on a solution to the quick RW clock from the Greek player, and Makis takes it.
Both players come into the round at 10-3, needing to win to stay live for Top 8. Oliver takes Game 1 by repeatedly bashing in with 10/10s artifact creatures. In Game 2, he manages to get three copies of his signature beatstick into play and Dagen is forced to lean heavily on Niblis of Frost activations to hold off the metallic offensive. One stunning turn later however, Dagen pushes the match into a tie-breaker, by eeking through eleven damage between prowess triggers on both Niblis of Frost and the activation of a Dynavolt Tower.
Dagen however, has a super-powered Harnessed Lightning to take down the first Colossus, with Oliver quickly following up with another from his yard. LSV calls out Niblis of Frost as doing amazing work out of the board, especially when opponents take out their removal. Indeed, Dagen uses the Niblis to hold back the remaining Colossus, gets a Torrential Gearhulk down and starts rolling a train of instants and energy generation to take control of the game. Dagen takes the match and stays live with his innovative UR Dynavolt Tower deck.
We come in on this and Duke finally puts Chandra, Torch of Defiance on camera out of his sideboard. The beleagured planeswalker is quickly killed however, and the match is split, heading to a third game after a key Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet makes combat too tricky for Reid. Off camera a bit later however, Reid is able to take the match.
Matsoukas has Reckless Bushwacker in his deck to assist in the go wide plan and he makes great use of it in Game 2 to take down the match in record time when he applies it to five attackers.
The control is real as Yasooka takes this down without a lot of trouble. Counterspells are showing their value every round, but this one has a truly great sequence at the end.
Game 1 felt over after two early Galvanic Bombardment from Yasooka blunted Duke’s early creatures, but aggro takes it down anyway.
In Game 2, Romao gets a Dovin Baan out onto an empty board, but it gets answered quickly by Hissing Quagmire. Hill then answers with Liliana, the Last Hope, only to have it countered. Another Liliana is answered just as quickly by a Torrential Gearhulk into Harness Lightning. A late Quarantine Field later takes out three threats on Hill’s side, and the board opens up for aggression by the Jeskai player and Romao pulls another control deck into the Top 8.
Dagen has taken the first game off camera. Pierre takes the match as well, and clinches Top 8 for both players.
While I haven’t personally asked anyone I know who works for an NFL team, I would bet everything I own that exactly 0% of the data scientists/statisticians working for NFL teams would consider this guy to be the “top mind, period“. And if I’m wrong about that, I can just take a page out of Warren Sharp’s playbook and lie about my record……..
“The first trial is very rigorous. We are making sure we understand the water tightness and ensuring we understand the propulsion capabilities and understand the emergency systems are working. We take these incremental steps to make sure it is a fully functional and safe ship,” Hesch said in an interview with Military.com
Please carry this idea in the back of your head for a couple of days. If you find that you want to look into it some more, there’s a rich tradition of thought that’s well represented online that I hope you take a look at. Here’s one YouTube playlist compiled by user PeaceRequiresAnarchy that does a great job of hitting the most important ideas.
English is expanding as a lingua-franca but not as a mother tongue. More than 1 billion people speak English worldwide but only about 330m of them as a first language, and this population is not spreading. The future of English is in the hands of countries outside the core Anglophone group. Will they always learn English? … Several of Britain’s ex-colonies once did so but only because English was a neutral language among competing native tongues. English has been rejected in other ex-colonies, such as Sri Lanka and Tanzania, where Anglophone elites gave way to Sinhala- and Swahili-speaking nationalists. English will fade as a lingua-franca, Mr Ostler argues, but not because some other language will take its place … Rather, English will have no successor because none will be needed. Technology, Mr Ostler believes, will fill the need. This argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition … If he is right about the technology too, future generations will come to see English as something like calligraphy or Latin: prestigious and traditional, but increasingly dispensable.
All the Bulls have to do is take care of business, but if they conducted their business the right way for most parts of the season, they wouldn’t be in this spot, scratching and clawing with a handful of games left.
"We’re not stopping at seven. We've got a nice schedule ahead of us," Rondo said. "(If) we take care of what we need to take care of, we can move up even more. I think other teams have a tougher schedule than us, but it's one game at a time."
"In my heart of hearts, as a proud Black Country man, I would love a businessman from the Black Country to step in and take over but I suppose how possible that is depends on the price, and that's not to say a foreign owner would be wrong because they could be good people. It's just important that the correct due diligence is done."
The first thing people think of when they think of Mikey Musumeci is likely his guard game. This is for a very good reason. While you may notice that his sweep percentage is extremely low for a guard player – only recording a sweep in 1 of every 3 matches – his back taking ability from the guard is the highest we’ve ever recorded. Musumeci was able to take his opponents back from the guard in approximately 50% of matches.
'We are confident that many businesses will not only be more stable as a result of the decision but will be enabled to take on new staff,' Mr Grace added.
Miller: It’s mostly commercial projects in urban areas under $30 million — a little below institutional scale. We’re normally providing about $2 million to $5 million per deal. Three years ago, that was $300,000, last year it was … $600,000, $700,000. So it’s growing very quickly. Crowdfunding allows people to distribute investments online, take a lot of very small investors and pool those together into a larger check. So just because there’s small minimums doesn’t mean the sum doesn’t add up to a large amount.
Miller: It’s going to change. What you’ve seen in other businesses, when you look at digital media, blogs, Twitter, Facebook — they started out relatively small and then became large and institutional. I think the most efficient place to start is the ignored portion of the market that institutions have difficulty serving because of their scale. But I think it really will shift. It’s about creating efficiency for private commercial real estate transactions.… It’s a huge market. But you have a deal, you make some phone calls, you try to raise some funding. There’s not an efficient way to put the deal together…. [Our] platform standardizes it. I think it’s going to bring efficiency to all parts of the market. It’s just going to take time to go to different sectors.
Between now and January is our window to act. Call your local representatives, share this article and others which expose the TPP for what it really is. By contacting your incoming representatives now before they arrive in Washington in January, you will be able to have your voice heard before they are inundated with lobbyists who are bent on pushing the TPP into law. As we know, endless favors and money often have the ability to sway the opinions of politicians. Now is your time to act before it is too late. You can find contact information for your local representative here. It only takes a few minutes to call and tell them that you do not support fast track and you do not support TPP.
Police said officers found an unloaded gun in Lee's car. They took the gun "as evidence pending further investigation," police said.
Question: What kind of dumbass packs a freaking grenade in his carry-on ... and accidentally tries to take it onto a plane? Answer:singer. And he shut down an Oklahoma City airport in the process.The grenade wasn't live -- thankfully -- but according to the police report, Coyne still accidentally packed it in his bag on November 10th and triggered an alarm at the TSA checkpoint at Will Rogers airport ... like a dumbass.Needless to say, TSA freaked ... and shut down the terminal while officers frantically tried to figure out how to handle the situation.And how's this for hilarious -- according to the police report, the TSA ran around like a chicken with its head cut off ... because it didn't have any "bomb guys" on duty. (Editor's note: isn't that the whole point of TSA?)According to reports, Coyne was flying to LAX to catch a preview of the new Flaming Lips musical "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots" -- and told police he was given the dead grenade at a party as a joke.Shocker, the grenade reportedly resulted in several missed flights ... and lots of wasted money -- but once TSA determined it was harmless, they let Coyne go.Coyne tweeted following the incident to make up for the SNAFU, writing, "Sorry Sorry Sorry!! Everyone that was inconvenienced by my grenade at OKC airport."Thanks to thelostogle.com for the pic.
Someone, it seems, was listening. In March, President Barack Obama signed an executive order establishing the GEC, where Lumpkin is trying to build an entirely new model for countering extremist messaging: starting with prevention. Lumpkin wants the State Department to focus not on people who have already joined ISIS but people who may be vulnerable to recruitment. “Those on the battlefield, the coalition and DOD can take of it. What I’m focused on is people joining and trying to starve [ISIS] of recruits and to make sure that they understand the impacts on their families, the impacts on their livelihood and their life.”
But every tool comes at a cost. The U.S. intelligence community, for instance, is prohibited from undertaking any action to influence American domestic politics, policy, or media former Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency program director Rand Waltzman has said the law is “poorly conceived” and antiquated, and one of many reasons why the United States is “unable to effectively take advantage of social media.”
Connauton will likely spend this season in Chicago with the Wolves. It will be his sixth city in six years of upper-level hockey, so the adjustment to a new system under a new coach may take a little more time. Hopefully Craig MacTavish can emphasize the right parts of his game to offer Mike Gillis as a bit of insurance in the unlikely case that six or seven of the Canucks top defensemen go down at some point during the season (like that will ever happen). His constant year-to-year movement is a likely reason why Connauton has turned to the online world to build friendships. His twitter account can be found @k_nauts and it appears as if the young defenseman has gotten off to a good start finding his place within the classy establishments within the city of Vancouver.
Scout's take: Urban Meyer inherited a talented Buckeyes' roster, but he deserves credit for developing his stars into premier NFL prospects. Roby and Shazier rank among the best at their respective positions, while Hyde and Miller could emerge as early-round candidates. Factor in some young players set to take on bigger roles down the road, and the Buckeyes will continue to rank among college football's top programs.
Professor Ram Jakhu, Director, Institute of Air and Space Law at McGill University, Montreal, Canada: "An appropriate and unique global space legal regime is indispensable for governing outer space in order to ensure it is explored on a sustainable basis, for exclusively peaceful purposes and to the benefit of all humanity – including future generations living on planet Earth and in outer space. The development of foundational principles of such a legal regime ought to take place at the same time as technological progress is being made."
Shurat HaDin filed a complaint against Jake Lynch and Stuart Rees with the Human Rights Commission, but it was terminated in September. However, the Mossad-linked group is now threatening to take the case to federal court before a deadline on Monday.
What kind of “civil rights” group takes its lead from a deadly state intelligence apparatus?
The scientists began their task by analysing fingernail-sized pieces of frozen flesh taken from 45 bird species, including eagles, woodpeckers, ostriches and parakeets, gathered by museums around the world over the past 30 years. From the thawed-out tissue, they extracted and read the birds’ whole genomes. To these they added the genomes of three previously sequenced species. It took nine supercomputers the equivalent of 400 years of processor time to compare all the genomes and arrange them into a comprehensive family tree.
The halo emerged as a clear structure in Toy's visual observations using the Discovery Channel Telescope in the Coconino National Forest, about 40 miles southeast of Flagstaff, Ariz. The halo that was considered a possibility from galaxy surveys came into sharp focus as Toy took repeated images in early June, the last of four trips she made to the telescope last year.
The serialized films would be based on the "real life" killings that took place at the camp, which allows the series to reimagine Jason in a more grounded reality. Reportedly, the hockey masked Jason and a more serious backwoods inspired killer will make appearances on the series.
They all take advantage of one very significant and very salient fact—it’s in the very nature of some of the most traditional forms of pizza making that the pizza is supposed to be cooked very quickly. Not to restart the home-cooked pizza wars, but the basic shape of the story is that Neapolitan pizza cookery is a capital intensive business. You want good crust and good sauce, obviously, but you also need to cook it very fast in a very hot oven. So the whole situation is ideally set up for one in which a business owner places bulk orders of pizza ovens and then cooks personal-sized pizzas at a rapid pace. This is obviously somewhat different from the formats in which Americans have traditionally eaten pizza (delivery, slices) but it makes perfect sense. It’s also well-aligned with the fact that even though the best American pizza is still concentrated in the pizza belt where the Italian-American population is large, there’s been an enormous growth of interest in quality pizza all around the country over the past decade. People are ready for a pie that, while perhaps not ready to win any awards in New Haven, will be light-years ahead of what Dominoes and Papa Johns have to offer.
I’ve mentioned it before that my initial reasoning for wanting a smart home was so I could automate my garage door. I’m not sure why it took me so long to get to this point, but I’m excited to finally start this chapter of my smart home adventure.
It’s hard to see, but my garage door opener plugs into Push Button and Com. You can now take the wires that came with Garadget and plug them into each one. You can then take those same wires and plug them into the Garadget itself.
Follow this guide to get the device imported into your SmartThings account. I didn’t take screenshots along the way, but here it is step-by-step.
It’s going to take a lot for the business to catch up to where the audience is, in the same way it takes a while for the church and the laws to catch up to where the people are.
While the industry frets about "lost sales," it has done very little to evolve from the bloated form it took on during the 40+ year run where multiple format shifts resulted in unprecedented sales figures. It's not just the corporate structure that's a problem. And this isn't to say labels haven't shed personnel over the years. It's just that they've been forced to make cuts due to falling revenue, rather than actively working to streamline their operations to fit the expectations of the internet age. Frontline staff and low-level employees have lost jobs but there are still many layers of employees distancing artists from those who own them.Then there are the lawyers. Some are there to ensure every last bit of revenue can be wrung out of an artist before any royalty checks are cut. Some are there to explore every possible legal angle that might be used to combat piracy The first sort have always been present. The latter still exist only because industry heads still hold out hope that file sharing can somehow be defeated with court orders and legislation.Albini says the first set are roughly as useless as the last.But youneed a contract if the "relationship" is actually just exploitation. This is why contracts are of utmost importance to the recording industry. Artists may initially show enthusiasm when offered a recording contract, but a few years down the road, they often find they're cranking out recordings just to avoid going deeper in debt. An equitable agreement -- like those used by Albini (who prefers a flat-rate fee for his production work, rather than seeking a cut of every sale or stream in perpetuity) -- doesn't need a multi-page contract or a team of lawyers. Honesty and openness up front can trim a lot of pages from an agreement... as well as the jobs of lawyers whose entire purpose is to ensure "agreements" are as long and inscrutable as possible.Lastly, Albini goes after copyright -- itself a legacy business model.Those arguing that stronger copyright protections will somehow "control" social sharing aren't grasping the reality of the situation. As it stands now, any copyright holder can demand $150,000 per infringement in statutory damages, and yet, that has had no appreciable effect on infringement. Just ask Rightscorp , which offers $20/infringement "settlements" while waving threats of $150,000 "fines" over internet subscribers' heads. It's in the business of spending money to lose money.The idea that lifetime+ copyright terms will put creators' grandkids through college is likewise suspect. Grandkids are going to college thanks to these terms, but they're the descendants of label execs and studio heads.The "control" offered by copyright is an illusion. The continued belief in this misconception allows labels to take advantage of artists. An artist may feel (incorrectly) that an individual can never hope to fully exploit his or her creations without the assistance of the marketing and legal teams of major labels, but they almost invariably have to give up full control of their creations to make use of these services. What good is their copyright then? It's not even. And the assistance they're receiving is charged up front at full retail and paid off with royalties -- a tiny percentage of actual sales and profit.As Albini points out, the way people enjoy music continues to change, and attempts to offer iterations of existing platforms and services is missing the point. People, for the most part, don't care about the quality of streaming music. They only care about the convenience. Albini notes that people carried around transistor radios to enjoy music on the go, something that offered truly terrible sound quality, but was no less popular for doing so. The way people consume and distribute creations will continue to change, but trying to harness that potential using contracts, outdated business models and delusions of control will never work.
After his father was killed during the Peninsular War in a cavalry action near Albuera on 1 July 1812,[4] Mrs Ellis, in receipt of an allowance of £30 from His Majesty's Royal Bounty in recognition of her husband's service,[5] decided to move to Rugby, Warwickshire, so that William and his elder brother, Thomas, would receive an education at Rugby School with no cost as a local foundationer (i.e. a pupil living within a radius of 10 miles of the Rugby Clock Tower). He attended the school in Town House from 1816 to 1825 and was recorded as being a good scholar and cricketer, although it was noted that he was "rather inclined to take unfair advantage at cricket". The incident in which William Webb Ellis supposedly caught the ball in his arms during a football match (which was allowed) and ran with it (which was not) is supposed to have happened in the latter half of 1823.
Among those giving evidence, Thomas Harris and his brother John, who had left Rugby in 1828 and 1832 respectively (i.e. after the alleged Webb Ellis incident) recalled that handling of the ball was strictly forbidden. Thomas Harris, who requested that he "not [be] quote[d] as an authority", testified that Webb Ellis had been known as someone to take an "unfair advantage at football".[11] John Harris, who would have been aged 10 years at the time of the alleged incident, did not claim to have been a witness to it. Additionally, he stated that he had not heard the story of Webb Ellis's creation of the game.[11]
Scientists are not able to categorically prove such cause and effect. However, a study already submitted to a peer-reviewed journal has suggested that climate change has increased the chances of Desmond-like storms by about 40 per cent – give or take a rather large margin of error.
A little birdie gave this to us this morning. It was evident that Microsoft's releasing of Mango would lead to leaks, such as the one over at XDA Developers. Unfortunately, these leaks required the users to already be developer unlocked, which more or less took the point out of it. Thankfully, a solution is now available.
This tool will run the UpdateWP.exe file to provision your device to receive beta updates. It requires the Windows Phone Support Tools to be installed, and your device needs to be updated to NoDo or beyond. It, however, does not require a developer unlock. Simply download the file, connect your phone, run the batch file, and it should take care of the rest. After it's done, fire up Zune, and you'll be prompted to install the beta.
He said new demolitions in other areas are scheduled to take place soon.
But exactly a year after Netanyahu took this logic to its extreme and stood on the podium of Congress as Leader of the Republican opposition to President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, the conception is falling apart. The notion that the Republican Party is a monolithic bastion of support that will withstand the test of time is evaporating. The belief that any Republican president who will follow Obama will be better for Israel is eroding with each passing day. Faced with the Trump phenomenon, Netanyahu’s Fortress GOP strategy is collapsing like a house of cards.
"We use them a lot this time of year, during the snapper run," [angler Michel] Perez explained, letting out his line from a homemade wooden spool. With a good breeze, the floating condoms can carry the hook hundreds of meters out into deeper waters, far beyond casting distance, he said. Not that Perez has a fishing rod anyway. "When the fish takes the hook, the line pulls free," he explained, "and you start reeling in."
It took six interest rate rises by the government last year to slow the expansion. The last quarter of 2007 saw growth ease to 11.2%.
3:52 p.m.: A Resource Furniture rep demonstrates how to fold a kitchen island on wheels into a table for four, and how to take apart a stool/coffee table into four separate seats to go around it. Four other folding chairs hang flat, rather unobstrusively, against a wall by the door. One wide-eyed spectator exclaims: "You can just forget about chairs!" Later, another comments, "It's a lifestyle choice."
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
"First and foremost I want to say thank you to the public servants who serve the people of Alaska," she said, but the raises were negotiated "subject to funding being available" and that it was better for an employee to take a pay cut than lose their job.
The grant program was open to all nonprofit schools except religious ones, notes David Cortman of the Christian religious liberty group Alliance Defending Freedom. Excluding parochial schools takes the constitutional mandate of separation of church and state "too far," he says.
In addition, the Missouri attorney general's office took itself out of the case, delegating the litigation to the former state solicitor general to defend the office's previous position.
Jamie Lorriman, who took the photo and is based in London, told Australia’s ABC the series of images he took showed the woman’s distress. “The people who took on that picture are being rather selective,” he said. “In the other picture in the sequence she looks truly distraught ... personally I think she looks distressed in both pictures.
He also condemned a man for appearing to take a selfie at the scene.
It only takes a moment for his enthusiasm for this record to come through. “It’s the first time in my life where I’ve done a record where I’ve felt I don’t want to change a damn thing. It’s a great feeling”, he declares straight away. It’s clearly a step forward for Kruspe, taking his songwriting in a direction he is more comfortable with. “It’s more like a grown up record compared to the first album,” he says. “After the first record I was quite surprised how rocky it sounded, I always felt I was much darker and I kind of didn’t deliver that on the first record”. He’s also enjoying the chance to be the one to call the shots. “I just love to have the last say, that’s so different to Rammstein where everything is so democratic,” he laughs. “And I realised that being in the position with Emigrate where I know at the end of the day I can say yes or no, makes me a better team player. Makes me choose more for the music rather than the Rammstein world where you sometimes choose because of the ego.”
For Kruspe, the track ‘Rock City’ with Lemmy was a perfect example of this approach paying off. The track started as an acoustic demo track that changed direction totally once the band started jamming on it in the rehearsal studios. As the track took shape as a fast paced rock number the decision was made to approach Lemmy about a possible lead vocal. “There are certain moments I’ll never forget,” says Kruspe. “I had heard he was really sick and I thought forget it. Then a couple of days later I got an email with no explanation, no comment, just his voice on the track and I was just like a little child jumping up and down on the bed, feeling like the best thing ever has just come together. You can hear if you really listen closely his voice is a little weak and shaky and that really fits the song. I wrote this huge email thanking him and saying what an honour it was to work with him and he just came back to me with “Alright”, that was it!” he laughs.
The pacing and diversity across the tracks is one of the strengths of Silent So Long. From the punching rock of the opening track ‘Eat You Alive’ to the brooding title track, Kruspe covers plenty of ground. At the mid point of the album is the song ‘Rainbow’, written about his daughter. “This song was the hardest to get the lyrics done,” he says. “I really had problems with it until the last minute. I could not get the lyrics right, there was just something missing. Then one day, and this is such a cliché, but my daughter was there in the studio and I did it first take and it worked!”
.@jeremys I didnt major in business or finance & I didnt take this job to get rich. I just cant turn my heater on & I'm tired of being cold.
I haven't bought groceries since I started this job. Not because I'm lazy, but because I got this ten pound bag of rice before I moved here and my meals at home (including the one I'm having as I write this) consist, by and large, of that. Because I can't afford to buy groceries. Bread is a luxury to me, even though you've got a whole fridge full of it on the 8th floor. But we're not allowed to take any of that home because it's for at-work eating. Of which I do a lot. Because 80 percent of my income goes to paying my rent. Isn't that ironic? Your employee for your food delivery app that you spent $300 million to buy can't afford to buy food. That's gotta be a little ironic, right?
Calderón served with the Spanish army in Italy and Flanders between 1625 and 1635. By the time Lope de Vega died in 1635, Calderón was recognized as the foremost Spanish dramatist of the age. Calderón had also gained considerable favour in the court, and in 1636–1637 he was made a knight of the Order of Santiago by Philip IV, who had already commissioned from him a series of spectacular plays for the royal theatre in the newly built Buen Retiro palace. On 28 May 1640 he joined a company of mounted cuirassiers recently raised by Gaspar de Guzmán, Count-Duke of Olivares, took part in the Catalan campaign, and distinguished himself by his gallantry at Tarragona. His health failing, Calderón retired from the army in November 1642, and three years later was awarded a special military pension in recognition of his services in the field.
In working on Calderón he received help from Nikolai Mikhailovich Liubumov, a shrewd and enlightened person who understood very well that all the mudslinging and commotion over the novel would be forgotten, but that there would always be a Pasternak. I took finished bits of the translation with me to Moscow, read them to Liubimov at Potapov Street, and then went back to Peredelkino, where I would tactfully ask [Boris Leonidovich] to change passages which, in Liubimov's view departed too far from the original. Very soon after the "scandal" was over, [Boris Leonidovich] received a first payment for the work on Calderón.[4]
Calderón de la Barca appears in the 1998 novel The Sun over Breda, by Arturo Pérez-Reverte, which takes up the assumption that he served in the Spanish Army at Flanders and depicts him during the sack of Oudkerk by Spanish troops, helping the local librarian save books from the library in the burning town hall. Latin American author Giannina Braschi based her dramatic novel United States of Banana (2011) on Calderón de la Barca's La vida es sueño (Life Is a Dream), recasting the tragic hero Segismundo in 21st-century New York City, where his father, the King of the United States of Banana, locks him in the dungeon of the Statue of Liberty for the crime of having been born.[6]
"We will also support the production of these alternatives to reduce the time it takes to move to clinical trials."
"It's the production facilities that we use when we take those targets out of the reactor and process them to remove the medically useful isotopes -- that capacity around the world is very limited. So we don't need necessarily to build any more reactors; we need to build those processing facilities."
"There's a silver lining in that now we know when Canada is planning to cease activity. So that gives us a deadline to develop more capacity and to potentially even build a new reactor that might take over," Atcher said.
The short-term costs of exit would certainly be harsh. But, combined with measures to take control of the economy and tax the oligarchs, it at least offers the chance of longer-term recovery. That’s now the view of many inside Syriza and beyond, including those who voted against the eurozone diktat in the Greek parliament yesterday, and support is likely to grow as economic asphyxiation resumes. Otherwise, the far right will be the main beneficiary.
MPs and Islamist leaders took part in Sunday's sit-in, and, during a parliamentary session, issued a statement condemning attacks on freedom of speech and expression, Al Jazeera's Nisreen El Shamayleh, reporting from Amman, said.
For me, understanding the Bible is a process. I had to learn to give it time to sink in. I had to soak it up. I had to wrestle with it for a long while before any of it made any sense at all. But I find that the more time I spend with it, the more of it I am able to take on. I don’t always get it. I still close it sometimes to push it across the table and scratch my head in confusion. But, for me, one thing is certain; Having a Savior isn’t just an idea that I carry in my head anymore, it has become a Truth which has penetrated my very flesh and bone, it beats in time with my heart, whispers in my breath, and stirs my soul…
Pope Francis’s call for stewardship incorporates the intersectional nature of climate change. The stewardship of Francis’s design is inseparable from communion with all of creation. This is “the conviction that we need one another, that we have a shared responsibility for others and the world”14 which is expressed in a communitarian embrace of love. Paragraph 231 describes the solution to capitalism and individualism as a “civilization of love” in which “social love moves us to devise larger strategies to halt environmental degradation and to encourage a “culture of care” which permeates all of society.”15 A community where love takes precedence over greed and individualism, and where domination is not seen as ownership, but as care. Rather than a disconnected ownership with all creatures of the earth, Francis suggests that “It also entails a loving awareness that we are not disconnected from the rest of creatures, but joined in a splendid universal communion.”16 One might go so far as to suggest that Francis is advocating a design in which Dasein is being in loving community with all of being.
Yet, despite Francis’s advocacy for communion with all of creation, his writing retains an anthropocentric or human centric assumption. Francis argues that part of God’s design for the earth contains a provision that “Each community can take from the bounty of the earth whatever it needs for subsistence, but it also has the duty to protect the earth and to ensure its fruitfulness for coming generations.”17 Thus, while Pope Francis argues against dominion and ownership over the earth, his message of stewardship is still centred in a preservation of the earth for future humanity. Futhermore, despite his talk of stewardship and communion, the text retains at least some notion of dominion: “We are not God. The earth was here before us and it has been given to us.”18 The move away from damaging authoritarianism to a communitarian society retains a hierarchical notion of humanity as guardian or steward above those which they are guardian or steward of. Francis’s community retains the human at its centre and stewardship is presented as sustainability and preservation of the earth for humans.
Thus far, we’ve looked at Braidotti’s posthuman in an attempt to expand upon the decentring of the human subjectivity. Now we’ll interrogate how a inter-relational community being might become. Braidotti adopts a Spinozist monism – a unity or univocity of being. Using the Deleuzian method of becoming27, Bradotti argues for a Zoe-centric egalitarianism through which interdependence with multiple other can take place. Zoe is the structure of life that brings vitality, and it is a zoe-centric egalitarianism which the posthuman strives for. Braidotti’s monism “implies the open-ended, interrelational, multi-sexed and trans-species flows of becoming through interaction with multiple others. A posthuman subject thus constituted exceeds the boundaries of both anthropocentrism and of compensatory humanism, to acquire a planetary dimension.”28 Within the taxonomy of being a radical decentreing of humanity takes place. Animals, machines, humans and earth are no longer considered strict categories of being. They are constantly and consistently beings together bound within a monistic framework of relationality. Through this relationality in which these animals, humans, machines and earth no longer function as seperate concepts, but participants wrapped up together through interdependence, a community based praxis is able to emerge. This is a community bounded by an “interdependence with multiple others”29 which includes animals, humans, earth, technology.
The Daily Rundown's Chuck Todd explains how the Obama campaign will take on the Romney-Ryan ticket.
*** Big crowd turns out for the GOP ticket in Wisconsin: And help is what he got last night. Per NBC’s Garrett Haake and Alex Moe, the largest campaign crowd of the season greeted Romney and his new running mate on Sunday in Waukesha, WI. “The energy generated by Ryan seemed to inspire the man at the top of ticket, who took on a heckler midway through his own remarks, then turned the moment into an indictment of President Obama's campaign, whose tactics have riled Romney in recent weeks.” In the first 48 hours after the Ryan pick, Romney looked like he’s enjoying being a candidate again. But after just two days of campaigning together -- during the final days of the Olympics (including yesterday’s USA vs. Spain basketball gold-medal basketball game) -- Romney and Ryan are now going their separate ways, and they possibly might not campaign together until the GOP convention. Romney today stumps in Florida, while Ryan heads to Iowa, where Obama also begins a three-day bus tour.
Any given law enforcement agency may be sitting on an immense, unsorted collection of images. Mugshots, scars, birthmarks, and tattoos—all mixed up together, some unlabeled, some mislabeled. Without computer assistance, it could take significant staff-power to sort through it all. NIST suggests that automated tattoo detection would streamline an agency’s ability to classify images.
"Shiiinkii~♥ Look up, a mistletoe~ You know what that means, right~?""Mima, what in the word-""You know, as the tradition goes, if two people stand under a mistletoe, they should kiss.""What- wait M-Mima let go--!""It's tradition, Shinki~ As a goddess, you should respect traditions, right~♥? (that's actually a lie)""N-no, let go, LET GO-""You seem to have fun, don't you. Is it alright for a Miko to just let a goddess from another world and an evil spirit make out in front of the shrine?"It's fine, it's fine~ As long as I don't find my sheets all wet next morning, they can do whatever they want.""You sure take it easy, eh...""L-Lady Shinki...."---.....IDK. Something ridiculous I just thought up, lol. Dedicated to , because I can ♥ *shot* Early Merry Christmas, ILU, Mew-chan~Mima, Shinki, Hakurei Reimu, Kazami Yuka, Yumeko (Touhou Project) (c) ZUN
Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Intelligence committee directly contradicted the president on Wednesday, saying: "We don't have any evidence that that took place."
Angilau's attorney, Michael Langford, declined to take questions as he left the courthouse.
“You can’t just take everything for yourself,” Ahansal said in German, one of the languages he learned from tourists on his treks to the Atlas Mountains and the Sahara. “Alone, nothing is accomplished.”
Pulis was dismissed on Monday morning after talks with chairman John Williams as the strugglers took action following a torrid run of two wins from 21 games, stretching back to last season.
First shown at the 2007 SEMA show as part of the launch of the then-new Volvo XC70, the Surf Rescue took the standard car and cranked it up- literally. The XC70 Surf Rescue is lifted a few inches over stock and equipped with some of the first diamond-cut wheels Volvo’s ever produced. The bright, primary color scheme, too, makes the Surf Rescue exactly the kind of vehicle you’d picture Miami’s South Beach lifeguards cruising around in.
“The best way to protect the vehicle’s occupants is to avoid accidents,” says Skogsmo. “That’s why we’ve developed a number of advanced driving and support systems that interact intelligently to assist the driver in difficult situations, yet without taking over the driving itself or taking over responsibility for safe progress. The task is to assist the driver to take the right decisions, by alerting him or her and in various ways indicating how best to get out of the situation.”
Rear-end collisions are a common type of accident. In many of these cases, the reason is that the driver is distracted and fails to respond in time. Against this background, Volvo has developed a system known as Collision Warning with Brake Support. The area in front of the vehicle is continuously monitored with the help of a radar sensor. If the all-new XC70 approaches another vehicle from the rear and the driver does not react, a red warning light flashes in the windscreen. At the same time, a warning buzzer sounds. In certain situations, this is enough for the driver to respond and take action to avoid the danger.
The vote allows the state to meet a Dec. 31 federal deadline to take the project’s next steps, a move that could free up $62 million in additional federal funding. But commissioners cautioned that more hurdles remain, chief among them the cost of a potential project and the ability of the state and local communities to pay for it, and that the state is not committed to build the project if it determines it is too costly.
In the meantime, New Mexico can continue studies in the project to flesh out details, including how much it will cost and how much water it will yield. The required federal studies, a necessity for the work to proceed, could take another five years to complete, staff told the commission.
On March 4, Russian presidential adviser Sergei Glazyev made offhanded comments suggesting that if the U.S. took real action against Moscow, it would hurt America’s economy as much as Russia’s.
The music then took a minor break in order for the fest to reveal its sadistic side. At the back of the barn, a table had been set up for the annual Eating Competition, in which all of the contestants had to tuck away an entire 16 oz jar of Veganaise. I was honestly a little too grossed out to stick around and see who won, but I think the photo below speaks for itself.
Do you remember your 24th birthday? Maybe you do; maybe you don’t; maybe it hasn’t happened yet. Whatever: take all thoughts about this event and remove them from your mind. Because Palmer Luckey has lived a life unlike any twenty-four-year-old you have ever met.
Read next Will HTC's eye-tracking tech be enough to take VR mainstream? Will HTC's eye-tracking tech be enough to take VR mainstream?
Once used mainly to take cash made from illegal drug sales from busted dealers, the practice is getting wider play in police departments across the country, including in Mercer County, where car seizures alone have risen 38 percent since 2007.
Under New Jersey’s civil forfeiture law, property can be taken by law enforcement if police determine that it was used in the commission of a crime – such as in the Hamilton case – or if it was purchased with the proceeds of a crime. But most disturbing to critics and civil libertarians, the move to take property sometimes can be done without criminal charges being filed.
“We took a vehicle that we knew was purchased from the proceeds of criminal activity, through drug money,’’ McMurtry said on the video. “The way that the transaction to buy that car, this high-end car, was structured, to me, constituted money laundering.’’
“Most property owners are forced into settling knowing to it’s going to take a long time to get property back, and they can pretty quickly exceed value of the property just to settle a case,’’ he said.
The majority of Mercer County car seizure cases are settled before they reach a courtroom. Of the 230 cars seized last year, 60 were actually forfeited. County government took several and others were given to municipal police departments for use as undercover vehicles, according to the office’s annual report.
The Seahawks run two-back inside zone to the right after motioning Graham from the backside to the frontside of the formation. Davis takes the handoff and bounces this run outside of the right tackle. In my opinion, he should have seen that Ifedi allowed the defender to gain outside leverage which should have told him to cut this play inside. If he did this then he would have seen the monstrous hole in the defense in the B-gap between Duane Brown and Luke Joeckel. However, he cut this play outside missing what could have been a big gain.
Tyler Lockett ran an end around attempting to move the linebackers while upfront the Seahawks ran their backside zone running play. This, like the end around, is meant to entice the linebackers to follow the flow of the offense to the right. However all of this still takes good blocking and Graham was thrown aside for the tackle for a loss.
Despite the disappointment of a torn ACL and with months of tedious rehab awaiting, Oregon offensive tackle Tyler Johnstone took it all in stride. Friends made sure the person who lives for lazy afternoons wasn’t in danger of going stir-crazy by loading him up with fun projects while he began his recovery.
“The only thing we could think was maybe with a body as big as his, some guys can come back quicker, but maybe he had to take more time,” Kevin Johnstone said.
After consoling her now-boyfriend, she took him on a walk across the Autzen Footbridge to clear his head. It was on the bridge where they sat down to find the following inscription on the bench: “Good morning. It’s never too late to begin again.”
Urban beekeeping is becoming more popular across the world. In Japan, the Ginza Honeybee Project relies on volunteers to harvest honey from rooftop hives in the Ginza district of Tokyo. The organization also lobbies to increase the planting of nectar-rich flowers in the city. And hives are also a teaching tool for elementary school students who take field trips to see the bees in action. The honey is used by local bakeries, hotels, bars, and other companies.
Plant native species. Pollinators have evolved alongside native plants, so they are best adapted to feed on these species. Non-native plants often don’t have enough nectar or pollen. As an added bonus, native plants typically require less water, so they are easier for gardeners to maintain. When choosing species, opt for a diverse selection of plants with different flowering times so that flowers are blooming throughout the growing season, rather than all at once. Consult native plant guides in your region to determine which plant species attract certain types of pollinators. Avoid the use of chemicals. Many pesticides, herbicides, and fungicides are harmful to pollinator species. Use compost as a natural fertilizer, weed by hand, and look for non-chemical treatment methods to take care of pest infestations. Provide a welcoming environment. When planting your garden, arrange each species in large patches so that pollinators can forage more efficiently. Avoid the use of weed cloth or heavy mulch, as many native bee species nest underground. Provide habitat for pollinators by making piles of branches to attach chrysalises or cocoons. Leave stumps, rotting logs, and fallen organic material for nesting bees. Let dead or dying trees remain standing for woodpeckers. Educate your community. Share what you know about pollinator health and encourage schools, businesses, and public parks to make their green spaces pollinator-friendly.
Women and children claimed they were the victims of blood thieves, and terrified villagers abandoned their fields. Malawi government leaders publicly denied both the existence of vampires and the conspiracy, which they said was a malicious story created to undermine the government. Unsatisfied, the vigilantes took the law into their own hands, publicly stoning to death a man accused of being a vampire. Three Roman Catholic priests were beaten and detained overnight by an entire village.
When people ask me how can I be divorced with two children and pay no child support, I tell them I took a cue from Nancy Reagan; I “just said no.”
I took the road less traveled. One that more men should be allowed to travel.
For the past 13 years, I have been fortunate to be a full-time musician. Since the time of our daughter’s birth in 2003, I was at home with her during the day and working at night. Three years before my marriage ended, my wife and I agreed to switch roles. In order to make this arrangement work, I was extremely ambitious and found a way to work a 9-5 job as well as teach, perform in an Off-Broadway show and perform in weddings and corporate events. I paid all the bills while she took care of our daughter.
After two years of trying to fit back into the corporate world, I noticed a lack of communication between my wife and I. My focus was on our family; her attention appeared to be on the social calendar. My frustration with what seemed to be a lop-sided allocation of duties in our home-made for several stress filled months. Not only was I the sole breadwinner, I took care of many of the duties at home. The birth of our second child only intensified the tension in our home.
Soon after filing, my wife began using the children as pawns. She filled the kid’s day with play dates, and after one of our many heated arguments, took the kids to her mother’s home in another state for two weeks so I could not see them. In addition to the attempts at alienating me from my children, my wife called the police after several arguments in futile attempts to have me vacate the marital residence and be thrown in jail. Luckily for me she was never psychotic enough to hurt herself or abuse the criminal justice system’s bias against men.
After 11 months in and out of court, we agreed that my parenting time would take place during the day; hers at night and that no one would pay child support. I wouldn’t have it any other way. I walked out of the courtroom secure in the knowledge that I could financially support our two children in a way that made much more sense to me. I did not succumb to the societal pressure to pay an ex-wife, child or spousal support because men have historically done so.
I’m not sure many men have the testicular fortitude to endure the pain it takes to achieve this goal today. Particularly since the avenue I pursued is now closed off to men in the family court’s crusade against fatherhood. I certainly thought of giving up but never did. I was also determined to get the court to understand the seriousness of my desire to be a fully committed parent and I was willing to go through the financial expense of seeing it through.
I used several tactics to my advantage. I never left or was forced out of our marital residence, I managed to avoid physical altercations by keeping my emotions in check as much as possible, avoided being taken to jail by the NYPD by calmly explaining my side of the story and kept my focus by remaining totally devoted to my two children. I always took the high road and never talked badly about my ex to our children, no matter how tempting. I still don’t-she is the mother of our kids. They love her just as much as they love me.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
Much of this is the inevitable result of a long-term trend that occurs when a large portion of our society loses trust in science. For American scientists who care deeply about the future of our great nation, it is time to take a stand and bring science back to the forefront of public debate and defend what is true.
If funds are spent smartly, it only costs about $15k to get on the primary ballot for the U.S. Senate. The numbers break down like this (and vary from state to state). In New Mexico, getting a guaranteed spot on the Republican or Democratic ticket takes about 9k signatures (2X the number of signatures allows a safety margin for contested signatures). Signature gatherers can be hired for about one dollar a signature, and you will need to hire someone to coordinate the gatherers (or about $15k for a lean campaign).
The next morning she took him to his mom and she filed charges against me. I was sentenced to 6 months jail, lifetime probation and lifetime registry as a sex offender. I will be turning 34 in December and I’m still required to register and be on probation. I have to take polygraphs every 6 months and still attend sex offender group therapy. I have 3 children and this is starting to affect them.
Two years ago they passed a law that says I cannot take my kids to the park anymore. This includes lakes, as they are State parks. Their friends can never stay over for a sleepover and where I can have their birthday parties are limited. My husband and I along with our 3 kids have had to move in with my mom on many different occasions, due to my restriction on where I can live and not being able to find a home.
According to a final rule published Oct. 17, 59 of the 125 instrument approaches will be canceled, with 66 either retained based on comments from system users, or determined to be duplications of approaches already addressed. The rule takes effect Nov. 10.
Saraiya commented that newsmagazine shows never do well, which is the format of Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly. Kelly is slated to take over a 9 a.m. morning show soon.
Kelly’s NBC career may, of course, take off at some point. It’s possible she could somehow become more bubbly. However, the op-ed proves one thing: Kelly should keep in touch with her Fox News’ colleagues because she may need a soft place to land in the future.
Weather, loading and performance, emergency procedures, physiology, medical conditions, and drugs and alcohol. Aeronautical decision making, or ADM, some risk mitigation, and maintenance and preflight procedures, and waivers. Then, we will go through a self-assessment section, in which you can see if you're ready to take the test or not. I am confident that this title will help you get prepared to take this important test. Let's get started.
OPIOIDS ARE WILDLY OVER-PRESCRIBED AFTER C-SECTIONS Opioids are over-prescribed to women after a cesarean section in America, a new report warns. Most new mothers received double the amount of painkillers they need for a c-section - 40 pills rather than 20 - according to a study that looks at prescription rates in six parts of the US. That is a huge overflow, the researchers warn, give that a c-section delivery is the most common inpatient surgical procedure in the United States, with around 1.4 million c-sections performed each year. Crucially, they found women tended to take more pills if they had them, even if their pain levels were not strong. The review is one of the first attempts to collate data from providers and institutions nationwide, to offer a clear national picture. Opioids, most commonly oxycodone, are the standard pain medications prescribed to women following cesarean delivery. But the number of pills that are prescribed varies between providers and institutions, and there is little data regarding how much pain medication patients actually require to manage their pain.
Tass says Kvyat has "held talks with at least two teams" and could take part in test drives in January.
One less severe attack, which increases processing times to an estimated one to three seconds, takes advantage of another mispriced opcode.
The new attacks prompted BitGo engineer Jameson Lopp to wonder “how many hard forks it will take to plug all the holes”.
Last year, Avery came down with a fever that wouldn’t go away. The Meadowvale boy’s parents, mother Michelle and father Stefan, took him to the hospital on several occasions and to a pediatric clinic. But, despite antibiotics being prescribed, the fever just wasn’t breaking.
It was a scary time for the family. Stefan and Michelle learned they both carried the gene that caused HLH and that meant their offspring had a one in four chance of being diagnosed with it. They had to take their other children — Gabrielle as well as Sienna, 8, and Aiden, 5 — for testing to see if they had the condition. Thankfully, they didn’t.
After a year of pillaging, kidnapping, killing and the like, Glass and another pirate jumped overboard and swam toward Campeche (now Galveston), the primitive headquarters of Jean Lafitte, who, it turned out, was Glass' pirate boss' boss. The two deserters slunk north toward St. Louis, the westernmost locus of American civilization. They took special care to avoid, to the east, the Karankawa, notorious for eating settlers (tribesmen called the dish "long pig"). The duo couldn't stray too far west, though, because there dwelled the slightly pickier Tonkawas, who included only severed human hands and feet in their diet (to ingest extra strength and speed).
The Rees attacked in the morning, wounding Glass and killing 15 of his companions. Which brings us to the film's first scene, with Leo dodging arrows and barely making it to the boat that took the trappers downriver to safety.
Fitzgerald and Bridger took Glass' rifle, knife, tomahawk and flint; if they showed up empty-handed, Henry would have asked where the weapons were, and they wouldn't get paid.
Glass kept walking. After many weeks, he joined six French traders at Fort Kiowa, who he thought might drop him off near Fort Tilton, where he suspected the rifle thieves would be. After six weeks he parted ways with the Frenchmen. Just a mile later, they were butchered by Ree. Some Ree spotted Glass and gave chase, but a Mandan on horseback swept in, pulled him aboard and took him to his village. Mandans generally didn't like Ree. The Mandan villagers made a big deal over him. For supper? Man's best friend.
Glass endured, as the world he knew best faded away. He took a job with a new fur company. He trapped some himself. He told stories about the old days, including some juicy ones about grizzlies and rattlesnakes. Some say his greatest talent was in creating and polishing the Legend of Hugh Glass.
They took Glass' clothes, his gear. Then they scalped him.
Indeed, for most of the week it looked like no-one in Australia's political leadership, either in the Government or the Opposition, would take a hands-on role in the Yes campaign.
Mr Turnbull remains hesitant, neither wanting to take ownership of a deeply flawed process nor wanting to inflame the right who have long warned of giant conflagration over the gay marriage push.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, strung between a process he detests and an outcome he desires, took until Thursday to declare his hand.
It's an ambitious document in many ways, but it's notable that AAA gaming capabilities were probably the least forward-looking element - a target of a mere 4x to 6x Xbox 360 quality is mentioned more than once (though 8x gets a look-in on one occasion). Instead we see more focus on the intriguing new concept of transmedia gaming, where real-time TV and gaming are combined, again with Kinect as the centrepiece. Why just watch the golf when you can actually take part in the event, with stats and performances inserted into the game as it happened? It never happened of course, but it's indicative of the thought processes of the time. There's a sense that Microsoft felt it owned AAA gaming and wanted to do something more, something different. It wrongfully perceived threats from companies that have still yet to mount any kind of challenge to the traditional home console and considered mobile devices as companion technology, rather than the actual destination for the majority of the more casual gamers it craved.
A lot changed in the final Xbox One design, of course. The fact that Microsoft was still debating whether to use ARM or x86 cores demonstrates that the internal discussion took place some time before the hardware was finalised. Xbox 360 backwards compatibility never happened, a mooted modular design that could have led to an upgradable console was shelved (but patents were applied for), OnLive was never acquired and cloud streaming functionality is unlikely to appear on Xbox One any time soon.
Wednesday evening’s fighting took place in Oshnavieh in the northwest, the Tasnim news agency said, citing a statement from the Guards.
Many of the pre-socratic philosophers in fact had a concept of substance rather like that above attributed to chemistry: that is, their emphasis was on criterion (vi) above. They thought, that is, that the being of the universe (hence they were pursuing substance in sense (i)) consisted in some kind or kinds of stuff. Thales, for example, thought that everything was essentially water, and Anaximenes that everything was a form of air. For Anaximander, the ‘stuff’ in question was indeterminate, so that it could transmute into the various determinate stuffs such as water, air earth and fire. By contrast, atomists such as Democritus took those determinate particular objects they called ‘atoms’ to be the substance of the universe. Atoms are objects in our ordinary sense, though they are not our ordinary objects: they are not dogs and cats or tables and chairs. They are the subjects of predication, but they do not change their intrinsic properties. Classical atoms are, therefore, strong instances of (i) and (ii), but somewhat deviant cases of (iii) and (v).
Being objects of predication but not being themselves predicable of anything else (at least, not in the way entities in the other categories are: see the problem about attribution to location above). Being able to receive contraries. (4 a10) A substance can go from being hot to being cold, or from being red to being blue, but the instance of blue in an object cannot similarly take on and lose a wide range of attributes. If substance did not exist it would be impossible for things in any of the other categories to exist. There could be no instances of properties if there were no substances to possess them.
The Categories sets out important logical distinctions between different kinds of attribute, but it does not enter into a metaphysical analysis of substance itself. This takes place mainly in Metaphysics, Book Z. In the latter, the analysis of substances in terms of form and matter is developed, whereas these notions have no place in Categories. The distinction has led some commentators to talk of Aristotle’s ‘two systems’, containing two radically different conceptions of substance. (Graham 1987) In the earlier, Categories, substances are simply individuals; in the later work they are complexes of form and matter. Whether this represents a change of view, or whether the purposes of the Categories simply did not require reference to the metaphysical analysis of substance is a moot point. It seems unlikely, however, given Aristotle’s Platonic background, that his early thought was oblivious to the role of form in substance. Whichever interpretation of the development of Aristotle’s thought is correct, the introduction of substantial form is what gives the fully developed Aristotelian account of substance.
Finally, let us consider how Aristotle fares according to the criteria of substance with which we ended the introduction. Aristotelian substance, whether construed as individualized form or composite of form and matter meets (i), the criterion of ontological basicness. It also meets (ii), relative durability, although in a rather modest manner. Individual substances are more durable than instances of the properties in the other categories, for it is substances that can take on and lose those other properties. Individuals are not, however, very long-lived and on this criterion Aristotle makes what could be regarded as a concession to Plato, for it is form as universal, which Aristotle does not consider properly substance, which is most durable. There are at least two senses in which substantial forms are eternal. First, Aristotle believes the world to be eternal and all the same species to exist eternally. So that, even though particular objects are subject to degeneration and decay, the species as such are eternal. Second, generation and decay depend on the material component in composites. Any form that does not require matter for its activity will be eternal by nature. This applies to the active intellect, which is an essential feature of all human intellects, and to the immaterial movers of the cosmos described in Metaphysics, Book Lambda. (Further consideration of these topics would take us into Aristotle’s philosophy of mind and his theology.)
For Spinoza, there is only one substance, the existence of which is demonstrated by a version of the ontological argument, which is thought of as being both God and Nature. It is an unending controversy whether Spinoza was a pantheist, or an atheist who called nature ‘God’ because it was the one true substance and existed necessarily. Everything else is a mode of this one substance. The view is analogous to a claim that the universe is space-time as a whole, with matter as distortions in it. If this were true, material objects would be modes of space-time. The analogy would be more exact if one also thought of the laws of nature as equivalent to the divine intellect immanent in nature. Spinoza’s view represents the extreme end of stressing the status of substance as the fundamental existent conceived of as wholly necessary and self-subsistent: that is, criteria (i) and (ii) in the original list come to take on maximum weight. Nothing but the universe as a whole meets this criterion fully.
Kant developed the other variant. He took Hume’s ‘tendencies of the mind to pass’ from one idea to another, without which we could not construct the world, and canonized them as a priori categories of the understanding. Hume’s empiricist emphasis is psychological. It concerns what we are habituated to do. Because of his empiricism, he will not bring non-psychological necessity into it. Nevertheless, there is the implication that making these transitions is the only way in which one can understand the world. Kant drops the empirical psychology and makes it a matter of a priori psychology, that only by employing certain categories could we have experience as of a physical world. It is only by understanding the world as possessing enduring spatio-temporal objects, which enter into causal relations with each other (that is, it is only by applying the categories of substance and causation) that we can have intelligible experience. Substances—that is, a framework of stable, enduring objects—are essential, but the source of this necessity lies not how the world is in itself, but in the framework which we are obliged to impose.
Substantive theories take the thought of a further component seriously, and, though they do not seem to be generally distinguished, there are two main conceptions of this extra element, which I will call the ‘thin particular’ and the ‘substratum’ conceptions. ‘Thin particular’ is an expression of D. M. Armstrong’s. It is the particular in abstraction from its properties. When considered with its properties it is a thick particular. The important point is that thin particulars really are particulars. ‘Bertrand Russell might have been a fried egg’: that is, the thin particular associated with one set of properties and, hence, with one thing, might have belonged to another. Different properties might have been hung on this hook. It is not so clear, by contrast, that a substratum of the kind Locke considers, or like Aristotle’s prime matter, is a particular in this sense. It is more like a kind of stuff—the substantiveness on to which properties are stuck. On this conception, the suggestion that the ‘piece’ of substratum or ‘prime matter’ that is here in object a, might always instead have been there in object b, seems to lack content.
It is useful at this point to take note of the three different functions the thin particular or substratum might fulfil. Its role might be (i) to bind the properties into a unity, so that they do not ‘fall apart’: (ii) to individualize them, if they are universals: (iii) to carry one across the categorial barrier from property to substance; that is, to be what it is that makes something to be in the category of substance.
Ayers, on the other hand, thinks that Wiggins takes the notion of body too loosely, because he [Wiggins] classifies as ‘lump-mass terms’ everything from bars of soap and pats of butter to pools of water and pots of stew. (Ayers 1991b: 229–30) Wiggins, in other words, does not take seriously enough the cohesiveness of real bodies, conflating them too easily with looser masses of matter. One natural thought is that we can reidentify middle-sized physical bodies that have fairly stable properties, irrespective of whether there is any interesting sortal term under which they fall. This is not to say that they could be reidentified under the purely generic notions body or physical thing, if there were no continuity of manifest properties.
All these issues are very controversial, and different philosophers have different intuitions. (See, for example, Rea 1997.) But, if one were to conclude that the statue and the lump are neither identical nor stand in the constitution relation, what else could one say? One strategy is to take the notion of body or material object as basic. In the next section, this possibility is compared with other options.
“Defensively, they return six starters and are led by linebacker Great Ibe. He had 133 tackles last season; he was one of the leading tacklers in the nation. So, this will be a challenge for us, going out there with a relatively new team. We know it’s going to take a solid effort from all three phases to come back with a win and start the season off 1-0. At this point, I will take questions.”
A: Yeah, I learned they are a lot of fun to be around. This group has a lot of energy; you generally get that out of a youthful group. Our coaches did an excellent job explaining to the guys the importance of competing at practice. We set up our drills purposely to make it very competitive. The only thing we don’t know about this group, which is probably also true of every team in the nation, is how are they going to react when they get punched in the mouth? How we react when we have some adversity will be critical. But, we have proven as a staff and with our returning players that we can handle those adverse situations. All four of our league wins last year came on the last play of the game; it doesn’t get any more adverse than that. But I have a lot of confidence in this group and our coaching staff going into this season, but I think it will take us a minute to get to who we are going to be. We are not going to be as good in week one as we’re going to be later on in the season, so it will be a measure of patience for everyone.
As a fan i am massively impressed with the directors cut of Iron Sky, it's like a whole new movie. The directors cut features 20 extra minutes of previously deleted scenes some of which alter the style of the original film, and that's not all, they've added a boatload of new visual effects throughout and made the Meteor Blitzkrieg even more awesome than before, they've even replaced some of the musical scores with new ones. What they basically have done is taken a "crazy B movie" and turned it into a "crazy B+ with an extra side of crazy movie", it's just like the back of the movie case reads: "It's an all-new take on the film".
When Titanium is installed, you'll probably need to run updates and download secondary libraries before you can get going. When everything is complete, start Titanium for the first time; you should see a welcome page. If you already have a username and password, use those credentials to log in. Otherwise, take a minute to create your credentials now. You'll use those credentials to access the wiki, the support portal, and other resources, like cloud-based analytics.
Unlike a website, you'll need to do some planning because you need to package "builds" to see updates. For example, you can't easily refresh content changes once you've bundled up a distribution, so remember to budget in the time it will take to create a package, and then download it.
If client-side only gets you so far, then there's also support for server-side code. You could convert the HTML file here to PHP, and if you've got PHP support for the application your building (in other words, you selected the PHP checkbox when you created the project), you'd be able to insert PHP commands. Combining PHP with the built-in SQLite database included with Titanium allows you to build just about any kind of dynamic application you care to build. The next section takes this all a bit farther and adds PHP coding.
“That was on the market for quite a while and someone bought it, but they’ve been sitting on it,” Duyshart said. “They’re not superactive about looking for another tenant because they will have to share the parking area with the adjacent Macy’s store, so that provides some obstacles. It’s been a little bit of a struggle because we would really like to have that occupied. But several parties have been eager to take on the space.”
Ashley Furniture did take over a former Borders store at Montclair Plaza in Montclair, however. The company has 32 stores in California, most of which are independently operated.
In Hesperia, Stater Brothers scooped up a closed Albertsons on Main Street, but closed a smaller location less than a mile away. However, 99 Cents Only then turned around and took over the smaller Stater Brothers store.
That challenge was clearly reflected in some of the mergers and downsizing announcements that took place earlier this year.
Related: Indian startup founders take 100% pay cut as they slash jobs
Felani’s lifeless body hung from the fence for five hours, in full view of Bangladeshi and Indian farmers living nearby. Eventually, the BSF slung her hands and feet onto a bamboo pole and took her away.
It was over 30 hours before her body was handed over to Bangladeshi authorities and returned to her father. “They took her jewelry,” Nurul Islam said, sardonically.
“It takes 10 minutes to get 50 cows through,” says Rahim, “But it’s not easy to get 10 minutes. The smugglers always follow the BSF, keeping an eye on them, waiting for an opportunity.”
Men and women who took part in the so-called drive were expected to donate to the Japan Foundation for Aids Prevention, News.com reports.
The lawsuits come amid furious national debate over the cost of medicines, an issue that is playing out in various ways. Some hospitals have been pushing back against drug makers. In one notable instance, several hospitals forwarded information to help the US Special Senate Committee on Aging with its investigation of outsized price hikes that Valeant Pharmaceuticals took on a pair of heart drugs.
Watch Bastian Schweinsteiger in action as Chicago Fire takes on Seattle Sounders (Saturday, 9 p.m. ET; ESPN and WatchESPN)
“We're likely now to see the river ringed on both sides by high-rises, if this takes off,” said Steve Francis, who lives in South Bend.
Even worse, there is genuine concern about Clinton’s ability to withstand the rigors of the last two months of the campaign, to say nothing of the much greater pressure she would face as president if she manages to prevail. With Trump’s continuing rise in the polls and with the threat of more medical episodes looming, wiser heads among the Democrats should ignore the self-serving excuses emanating from Clinton’s inner circle and take whatever steps might be necessary to replace her as the nominee.
But even coming back from a training deployment in Thailand, it would usually take Chris a few days to find the release valve on his psyche. And by tonight he’d gotten the boat all opened up and aired out—made a run to get beer and another to a vintage store where he bought his dresses and shoes. And now, sitting there on the deck, he finally felt relaxed.
The girls take a somewhat “artsy” approach in this MV. Donned in high-end designer clothes, the video starts with Wantanabe sitting in an empty room with her hands in her face. She begins to dance around the empty room and paint things with a “magical brush”. The next scene involves three members sleeping in a giant box located on the beach. After waking up they decide to dance on the beach and use mini rainbows as hula-hoops.
She and her family reside near Grantham, Lincolnshire where she served a one-year term as High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 2009.[5][6] She became a master of the Belvoir Hunt in May 2010.[6] Lady Sarah was also president of the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund, which raised £100 million for various charities.[7][8] The Fund unsuccessfully took legal action in 1998 against the Franklin Mint over the unlicensed use of Diana's image.[7] The Fund closed at the end of 2012.[9]
“Just look at what the European Commission themselves said immediately after the dinner took place, which was that the talks had been constructive.”
While no one takes this movement as seriously as men took secession in 1861, the sentiments behind it ought not to be minimized. For they bespeak a bristling hostility to the federal government and a dislike bordering on detestation of some Americans for other Americans, as deep as it was on the day Beauregard’s guns fired on Fort Sumter.
Yet we should take seriously what is behind this desire to separate and sever ties, for it mirrors what is happening across our civilization.
Jahlil was extremely close to his mother, who was 29 at the time. “Whenever I saw her, I would give her a big hug,” he says. “She would take me to the basketball court and I would watch her play. She was very strict. She would stress to me being respectful of women. People always credit me for being nice to people, but that was all due to her. She was also really funny, a big jokester.”
And though the 6-foot-5 Chucky dreamed of playing basketball professionally and was all-city at Bowen High School his senior year, he proved to be his own worst obstacle. He was kicked off the Westark team for using a stolen credit card, kicked off at Carl Albert for getting into a fight with a neighbor, and kicked off at West Texas A&M after only one game for disobeying the coach. “I finally came to the realization that I can’t take authority,” he says.
That wasn’t the only thing about Jahlil that made Slaughter’s jaw drop. The summer before he started at Whitney Young, Jahlil played for the coach’s AAU team. “We went to nationals in Orlando and stayed in a house,” recalls Slaughter. “That first night, Jahlil comes downstairs and grabs a mixing bowl. He takes the cereal, pours it in the mixing bowl, then pours in a half gallon of milk. I told his father, ‘I don’t know how the fuck you feed him. It’s unbelievable.’ ”
When Jahlil was in junior high, Chucky would e-mail college coaches, telling them to put his son on their radar. But he didn’t get any traction until a DePaul assistant happened to catch one of Jahlil’s eighth-grade games. He reported what he saw to the university’s head coach at the time, Tracy Webster, who invited father and son to a game. “He was like, ‘Man, I’ll sign you right now,’ ” recalls Chucky. “I didn’t take it seriously. Then the next day it’s on ESPN: ‘DePaul makes offer to eight grader.’ Everybody started taking notice after that.”
When I ask Chucky how he’s been able to keep his son grounded amid all the attention, he rebuffs the question. “Some things I don’t even want to take credit for. That’s just him. That’s just who he is. He knows right from wrong, and 96 percent of the time he’s going to do right.”
The fabricated image took a life of its own on Facebook when it was shared along with famous quotes, from Indian jurist Radha Binod Pal, Thailand politician Kukrit Pramoj, Indonesian scholar Arifin Bey and British historian Arnold J. Toynbee, that reinforced the idea that Japan's war posture was always for Asia's liberation.
In Matthews the Leafs hope they have finally found the heir to the mantle that was worn so well by the likes of Sundin, Gilmour, Sittler and Keon before him. Wandering through the wilderness seem like tradition for the franchise, but in reality, it is a sad state of affairs the once proud organization is in the process of reversing, and Matthews is a large part of that metamorphosis. True generational talent doesn't take multiple years to make an impact in the NHL. The Leafs hope Matthews can hit the ground running. The future begins now. - Burtch
This season Auston Matthews will take over the Toronto Maple Leafs. He'll be the focus of TV, marketing, giveaways, everything will be Matthews. Which is a plus for the other players like Nylander, Kadri, Rielly, etc.. as the pressure will be off them for the start to the season. He'll be one of the Leafs top players, and will wow people every night. Not that I thnk this means they're contenders, I wouldn't put any money on them making the playoffs, but this team will be a much better onbe to watch than last year. - Elseldo
Auston Matthews will be in a transition from rookie to future team leader, and I suspect it may take less time than some might think. Matthews has a year of professional hockey under his belt already; he has faced NHLers on the international stage and prevailed. He will do so again at the World Cup of Hockey. Off the ice, Matthews seems like an ideal candidate to handle the relentless Toronto media fishbowl. Yes, he does seem boring, dry, almost robotic in his interviews, but in this market, that might be an asset. Unlike some who have criticized Babcock’s expected decision to start Matthews in third-line minutes, I welcome the idea of easing him in. Prior to drafting Matthews, the Leafs already had a capable 1C in Kadri, and Bozak in a 2C role is fine. I suspect he will flourish in his easy minutes and work his way up before the season is over. Matthews won’t set the world on fire, at least right away. Short of generational talents like Crosby and Ovechkin, no rookie can be expected to be a top scorer in the league. John Tavares had 54 points; Steven Stamkos had 46 (albeit with early season struggles due to a bad coach mismanaging him). I’d likely peg Matthews around those numbers. I’d probably hedge my bets on anywhere from 15-20 goals and 45-50 points. What Matthews means to this organization, though, is hope. Name the last elite homegrown talent the Leafs have had. Phil Kessel was acquired via trade. Mats Sundin was acquired via trade. Doug Gilmour was acquired via comically lopsided trade. You would have to go back to Wendel Clark to find the last face of the franchise developed from within. I think Matthews will be far and beyond better than Clark, or even any of those players. The sky’s the limit. - Mike
Little long-term research exists on the risks associated with continuous use of OTC sleep aids, but Dr. Paruthi said the main concern among physicians and sleep specialists is the potential for dangerous drug interactions with other medications. But for a person in good health who does not take other prescription medications, this risk is much lower. Instead, the danger for this group is that they'll experience drowsiness that lasts longer than the amount of time they intended to sleep.
The new grant program, which takes effect in the 2017-18 school year, is not expected to reach as many students as the tax credits.
According to Robert May, who took up this issue without resolution in a 1988 paper in Science, biologists have named roughly 1.5 million species, with 15,000 more named each year. This, of course, is only a fraction—perhaps a small one—of all species living on earth. And, given the predominance of arthropods among all species, this effort is patchy. As May points out in a note in this week’s Science, one third of taxonomists work on vertebrates, which are only about 1% of all species, another third work on plants (around 10% of all species), and the remaining third work on the other 89% of taxa.
Using these medians, Hamilton et al. estimate that, since only 855,000 species of arthropods have been described, 66%-77% of the world’s species are still unknown. As they say, “This represents an enormous amount of work for taxonomists that will take hundreds of years to complete at the current rate that species are described, taxonomists are trained, and funding is allocated for invertebrate taxonomy.
As each individual member of the Justice League has changed over the years and the roster has grown and shrunk, so has the scale of the threats that they were facing. Starro was a pretty formidable bad guy in the beginning. He was at the very least a big enough threat to bring the very first team together (Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Aquaman and Martian Manhunter). The team did graduate to bigger and badder threats, and I think the existence of DC villains like Darkseid, Doomsday and the Dominators are reason enough why a cave by the sea was insufficient. From where I’m standing, the Hall of Justice presents a very similar set of problems. There’s a nice idea with The Hall of Justice in that it provides a very public face and interface for the public that relies on the world-saving powers of the Justice League regularly. A museum as well as a team HQ, this structure does something interesting by bringing these god-and-goddess-level heroes down to a human level. But aside from the Hall of Justice being a smart branding move, it provides little advantage over Happy Harbor. Both locations ultimately suffer from creating tunnel vision for the team’s worldview. Tragedies that happen to take place within the vicinity of the Hall of Justice are probably taken care of with increased speed and gusto. If something terrible is taking place in a more outlying area there’s a chance it will not be attended to as readily. Now, if the team we’re talking about is the Justice League of America and their domain is going to be mainly the continental United States, then either of the headquarters previously mentioned will do the job just fine. But when the Justice League has to worry about the fate of the entire world (sometimes throughout time), then there’s a need for a larger presence. In the past, the Justice League has had embassies sprinkled all over the world and that’s definitely a step in the right direction, although in order to keep them all staffed, active members of the League often have to split apart by significant geographic distances.
The middle of the Silver Age saw the introduction of the Justice League Satellite and this is the scale of headquarters that I’m talking about. If you are a long-time DC reader, then you know the Satellite Era of the Justice League has some pretty crazy adventures (and equally tragic events) that take place out in space. I think this does a good job at illustrating how widespread the danger is that these superheroes are facing on a regular basis.
What this really boils down to is my love of the Justice League Watchtower. It was first introduced by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter in their kick butt JLA series. A lot of DC fans probably first met the Watchtower in the Justice League animated series that came a few years later and took a lot of notes from this same comic run. Transportation to-and-from the Watchtower was streamlined by Boom Tubes, technology was upgraded from anything they had ever possessed in the past and it was big. The Watchtower allowed for more reserve members—more members overall—so the Justice League was capable of operating at the most highly productive rate possible. The very existence of the Watchtower allows them to save as many people as possible, as often as possible.
Unlike other retirement vehicles, such as the employee-sponsored 401(k), contributions to a Roth IRA are not tax-deductible. Contributions to your Roth IRA are made with after-tax dollars. This does not offer an immediate tax benefit compared to one that is recognized at the time of distribution. When you take a qualified distribution from your Roth IRA, you will never pay taxes on that money.
This is not the case with a Roth IRA. You get no tax benefit immediately for making a contribution to your Roth retirement account. You pay taxes on your income, and then you make your contribution. However, because you have already paid taxes on the money you use, you won't be taxed on it again. Your money grows tax free. For those who think that they'll be in a higher tax bracket or that tax rates will go up by the time they retire, this can be an advantage. You pay taxes at your current, lower rate. And then when you take your distributions, you avoid paying taxes at your future higher rate.
However, with a Roth IRA, there are no RMDs. The owner never has to withdraw money if he or she doesn't want to. It is important to note that this privilege disappears upon the death of a Roth IRA owner. Heirs to the Roth IRA must take RMDs (but the RMDs are still tax-free). Inheriting a Roth IRA is very similar to receiving the proceeds of a paid-out life insurance policy.
We'll go into more detail on those patterns following the outlooks a bit later. First, let's take a look at the latest outlooks for average temperature and total precipitation across the U.S. for January through March 2016.
On November 13, 2017, Aurora presented the CanniMed board of directors (the "Board") with a proposal (the "Proposal") to explore a mutually agreeable merger on the terms set forth in the Offer, and requested a response prior to 5:00 pm Pacific Time on November 17, 2017 (the "Proposal Deadline"). Although CanniMed's Board failed to respond to the Proposal prior to the Proposal Deadline, Aurora would still welcome a transaction supported by CanniMed's Board, and looks forward to engaging with CanniMed's Board to deliver significant value to CanniMed shareholders. However, at this time, the rationale for the combination is too strong to accept inaction, and thus the decision has been made to proceed to take Aurora's Offer directly to shareholders.
Aurora has not yet commenced the offer noted above in this news release. Upon commencement of the offer, aurora will file a takeover bid circular with various securities commissions in Canada. The takeover bid circular will contain important information about the offer and should be read in its entirety by CanniMed shareholders and others to whom the offer is addressed. After the offer is commenced, CanniMed shareholders (and others) will be able to obtain, at no charge, a copy of the offer to purchase, takeover bid circular and various associated documents when they become available on the system for electronic document analysis and retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell, otherwise dispose of or issue, or any other solicitation of any offer to sell, otherwise dispose of, issue, purchase, otherwise acquire or subscribe for any security. The offer will not be made in, nor will deposits of securities be accepted from a person in, any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Aurora may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it deems necessary to extend the offer in any such jurisdiction.
Effective and independent oversight by our respective governments and by specially designated review bodies, such as the U.S. Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, can assure our respective citizens that the collection and sharing of intelligence is done in a legally sound and responsible manner. Canada, for its part, took a step to bolster intelligence oversight last week by proposing a new oversight committee that would monitor the activities of all of Canada’s intelligence agencies. Such entities need to be resourced and empowered if they are to build the trust that Five Eyes officials agreed is needed.
The combined budget gaps for the remainder of this fiscal year and then those of 2010 and 2011 are a stunning $350 billion. This number is simply jaw dropping and Wednesday’s horrific retail sales numbers tell us that this recession is already going to be the worst since World War II and possibly since the Great Depression. First, let us take a look at the situation on a map:
I defeated both the Stranger and Gauntlet on the first try in my test run. Fair warning : I was on the luckier end of the spectrum there. The Stranger can get some ridiculously good draws that the above deck will not be able to beat. Don’t let that get you down and just retry, it shouldn’t take long.
Anything on top of each of these categories should be a priority pick. In Forge, you only get picks of similar rarity at any given time, so you don’t need to “rare-draft”; only go for higher rated stuff. The exception is you’ll sometimes be given the choice of a Legendary over rares; unless the rare is high up in this table and the legendary looks lame, I say take the legendary in that the case.
Once that’s done, it’s time for you to discover one of the best things about Eternal: drafting! It’s a limited mode somewhat similar to Forge, but PvP, and actual packs being passed along (just like physical MtG drafting but asynchronous so you can take all the time you want) rather than 1-out-of-3 picks. Drafting is an art that is worth a whole series of guides on its own, and I’ll leave that to people more skilled at it than I am. Know that while that’s not always the best option, you can also “force” factions in draft. You can’t actually influence what cards you get passed, but you can decide to pick cards in the factions you want. That’s not always optimal for a bunch of reasons, most notably possible signals that someone up the line is already drafting the same factions, but we can choose to ignore those in the name of strategically advancing our collection. Note that Rakano is a strong choice for draft anyway, so you’re not gimping yourself much either.
Once your picks are done, take the best 28-29 cards out of there, add 16-17 sigils – assuming you went by the above, your curve should be low – and get out there!
It took me 2 gauntlet runs to get to 5,000 gold for the draft run. Once in there, it became clear relatively early that Justice was closed in pack 1/3, but not Fire; so I focused on that. Luckily Justice was open in the other packs and I was able to score a Silverwing Familiar, which turned out to be the clear MVP of the run. Other notable picks included a Censari Brigand and no less than *three* Sword of Icaria.
With this, you should have all that you need to take yourself from Starter to Master – now get out there and do it!
“We put some equipment into the brewery in Boston to do an in-line transformation of beers, where we take a keg, degas theCO 2 and then nitrogenated it. We played with over 100 different beers,” he said noting that some worked and others did not. The brewery’s flagship, Boston Lager, when it receives the nitro treatment “blows up the flavor profile in a bad way,” he said.
Uganda Pride, which had been expected to take place this month, was cancelled abruptly over the weekend, as LGBT activists said they had been warned they faced arrest if the event went ahead.
“But we were left with no choice but to cancel. Our community is still traumatised by the arrests and detentions that took place last year. We couldn’t risk a repeat.”
He added: “It took the murder of my friend David Kato and the threat of the death penalty against LGBT people for the international community to take notice of our plight.
Note: The Download button takes you to the developer's site, where you can download the latest version of this open-source software.
Karzai’s visit to India immediately after this, on December 13, was aimed not only at consolidating support but also at pleading for increased military assistance. In his previous visit to New Delhi in May 2013, he had handed over a wish list of lethal and non-lethal military aid from India that included artillery guns, helicopters and armored tanks. In his December trip, he not only reiterated his requests but is reported to have asked India for a more proactive involvement in getting the Afghanistan National Security Forces (ANSF) ready to take on the Taliban post 2014. India confirmed its commitment to deepening defense and security cooperation, through enhancements in training, meeting the equipment and infrastructure needs of ANSF and opportunities for higher military education in India for Afghan officers. While emphasizing the need to sign the BSA, India refrained from putting any overt pressure on Karzai, stating that it shared his wish to have the BSA, but will not be “prescriptive, intrusive or judgmental.”
Krause may have won the day, but Brown walks away from the week as the leader in the NorAm GS standings. Brown took a break from his World Cup schedule to regain confidence in his skiing, and it has worked. After failing to make five straight second runs on the World Cup circuit, Brown took his talents to Panorama in December. Since his return, he has not finished lower than second place in six consecutive slalom and giant slalom starts. He now holds the lead in the NorAm overall standings as well.
While the men were on Mt. Mansfield, the women traveled to Burke, Vt. for their series. University of Vermont Catamount Paula Moltzan took the first win of the series in giant slalom. Foreste Peterson of Dartmouth College came in second, just 0.13 seconds behind the winner, earning her first NorAm podium. Canadian Amelia Smart was in third, 0.47 seconds behind the leader.
Apart from all this, what is entirely a separate matter and must be seen as such, is the legitimate manifestation of anger being instrumentalised by extremists to foment mob violence for their own political ends. In my view, the brutal killings in Benghazi had little to do with the release of the video. The perpetrators of this vicious terrorist attack have to be brought into justice as the Libyan authorities promptly pointed out. But in the same way that extremists do not represent all Libyans, the makers of the offending video don't represent America, all Americans, or all Christians. In my mind, it is necessary for those of us in the middle - the overwhelming majority - to take back the conversation from the extremes and occupy our rightful place in it.
Another concerning fact is that there seems to be a primordial angst that is all too easily exploited when events like this happen. The air is ripe, for those so inclined, to take advantage of popular sentiments, rouse people and encourage violence to strengthen their positions of power. While this brings me back to my earlier point about responsible leadership, it also highlights the need to do deep thinking about the persistent tensions between the East and the West; about the bad relations between Muslim and Western publics with both sides holding negative stereotypes of the other; and how a tremendous level of hostility and animosity is ever present that needs only the slightest prodding to explode. It is ultimately an indication about how much the Alliance of Civilizations is a timely and rightful UN initiative, but is also a painful reminder to me that our work at the Alliance is far from done.
In democratic societies and increasingly all over the world, people are free to voice their rights. Let's join all our voices and work together to address in an appropriate way the alarming rise of extremism, religious hatred and hate speech, all of which undermine people's expectations of a better life in dignity, freedom and security. We need to be bold and take action urgently to turn the possibility of living together in diversity, dialogue, respect and peace into reality.
That voice likely will be muted when the new mayor takes office in January. Bankruptcy attorney Kevyn Orr will be approaching the end of his first 12 months as the city's fiscal overseer. He took the job in March under an 18-month contract.
This is a reference to the ACLU backing a white nationalist’s lawsuit against the city of Charlottesville, Va., where a bloody rally took place in August and resulted in a woman’s death.
Now, staying in a two-room house in Devaliya village, Ranpur Taluka, Gujarat, she spends her time with her two children. Her in-laws refuse to take her back and her husband has left his parents to be with her. But she spends all her time with the children, snuggling them and holding them tight.
"Sometimes it takes months to purify as people lie initially but Goddess knows it all and finally they have to speak the truth," the elder said.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (CN) – A police officer made a woman take her pants off and assaulted her during a traffic stop, then ordered her to meet him again in an hour, she claims in Federal Court. She says she set up a sting with the police chief, who caught the officer in flagrante, and told him, “You stupid son of a bitch, what are you doing? Get up to the police station.”
Plaintiff T.A. claims that during an initial traffic stop, Marion, Ala. police Officer Donald Gantt did not tell her why he had stopped her and never asked for her driver’s license or proof of insurance. She says Gantt told her to take off her pants, pull up her shirt and fondle his erect penis.
Ms. Jenner is part of a growing cohort of both individuals and brands that have embraced the sales strategy known as the “drop.” It works like this: A seller controls the release of exclusive new items outside the traditional fashion cycle, cleverly marketing the impending arrival of the product to build demand. Pioneered almost two decades ago by the American skate wear brand Supreme, which took its cues from the Japanese street wear scene, the trend has gained particular momentum in recent years thanks to its adoption by some in the booming limited-edition sneaker industry: Kanye West’s Yeezy line with Adidas, for example, and Nike’s Air Jordans. It is also at the heart of the limited-edition designer collaborations championed by retailers like H&M and Target. Even Snapchat itself tried to jump on the bandwagon last month when it began exclusive sales of its new Spectacles glasses via randomly placed bright yellow vending machines, giving no indication of where they would crop up next. The overwhelming majority of drop customers, whatever the product, are younger than 30.
Filming took Chon to the homeland, from which his parents hail and where his father was an actor.
“I like to do movies I care about. It’s not just about commerce,” Chon said. “That’s why I took the role on ‘Seoul Searching.’ I didn’t get rich off of it, I don’t think I’m going to get famous off of it, but I really respect Benson’s work, and I really love the script. As a Korean, and specifically as a Korean American, I thought it was important.”
He said he has seen “a great change in Orange parades over the years after more contentious ones have been sorted out”. “I would recommend that anyone go and see the parades and even take a camera with you,” he said. “They have something there to draw people in and for tourism.
“Catholics can go and observe, they don’t have to take part. They can stay on the fringes and see how parades are conducted and make their own mind up. They don’t have to go to contentious parades.”
However, Want China Times flags a Xinhua report that quotes Sun Cong, the J-15s designer, noting that currently the aircraft cannot launch attacks against ships and ground targets when taking off from the Liaoning. That is because the aircraft carrier utilizes a ski-jump ramp and the J-15 would be too heavy to take off if it was carrying air-to-surface missiles and bombs. Thus, until the Navy acquires a Catapult-Assisted Take-Off But Arrested-Recovery (CATOBAR) carrier, the J-15, which is a multirole fighter, will be limited primarily to air superiority operations (and ship defense).
Attention - take part in our Tank Battles in Leicestershire! Tank driving in itself is good fun, but with this battle experience you'll actually take part in full on combat kicking off in the heart of Leicestershire, as your team of three crews a tank to attack the enemy - too much fun!
Dionne wrote, the Republican Party “has subtly and not so subtly played on racial resentment —…Ronald Reagan’s famous ‘welfare queen’ — for decades.” A man who’ll accuse President Reagan of racism will — does it need to be said out loud? — accuse whoever the Republican nominee is of racism, and probably also of wanting to take us back to the darkest days of history — and you know what that means.
The payload container pivots freely so that it is always facing 'down'. In the middle is a 20 oz Motion Lamp from Google. Next to it is a Nexus One Android phone which runs G-Force to monitor the current gravity conditions (in the photo below the Android is not present since it was being used to take the photo). Recording both the lamp and the gravity monitor is a digital camera set to record a movie.
I don’t know how to feel. I’m numb. Actually numb. I see the words and pics and videos. Videos y’all. Meaning people took time to sprew hate — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 19, 2016
If you need a break from the relentless hate for a second, please enjoy this nice video of Leslie Jones crying when she meets Whoopi Goldberg, and remember that representation is important and internet bigots cannot take that away.
In the House of Commons, former Chancellor George Osborne said he takes personal responsibility over Aleppo, while Labour MP Emily Thornberry said Syria, Russia and Iran’s governments were responsible for “hours of shame and disgrace”.
Democrats are already reeling from another special session of the state assembly last week during which the dominant GOP passed a law stripping incoming Democratic state governor Roy Cooper of key powers. Cooper narrowly beat Republican incumbent governor Pat McCrory after the race took a month longer election night to decide.
“One of the biggest benefits to decentralization is it empowers users by giving them control of the content and data they create, which is at the heart of YouNow’s mission,” said John Quinn, Storj Labs co-founder, and chief revenue officer. “YouNow is a true innovator and breakthrough pioneer in the live streaming revolution; their unique technology will take the mobile video experience to another level and we look forward to supporting them in their adoption of blockchain technology.”
Under the 56-year-old Kawakatsu who took the helm during the 2014 season, Kyoto has languished in the standings. With just one game remaining, the J2 club is in eighth place with a record of 14-10 with 17 draws. It is the fourth consecutive year Kyoto has failed to earn a promotion to the J. League top division.
The reason for the two running was to ratchet up interest in public affairs — and to showcase that GOP and Dems can get along.For example, despite being registered on different sides of the aisle, both are pro-choice and both believe in marriage equality. He does classify himself as a fiscal conservative, whereas she takes more of an interest in education. She has admitted both that “the empty lines on ballots make me sad” and “if we can get more young people involved in politics, that would be tremendous.”
Blumenthal isn't well-known the U.S., but he's a household name in England. He writes cookbooks, stars in TV shows and runs The Fat Duck restaurant just west of London. A few years ago, The New York Times said The Fat Duck "is widely considered one of the world's finest cathedrals to modernist cuisine, the sort of restaurant where a meal could start with nitro-poached aperitifs, finish with 'the smell of the Black Forest' and take four hours in between."
The chef likes to understand the chemistry behind his food. So to solve the mystery of the tea-drenched biscuit, Blumenthal enlisted the help of food scientists at the University of Nottingham. They've developed a device, called MS-Nose, which measures the amount of flavor released in your mouth as aromas when you take a sip of cabernet, melt a chocolate bar on your tongue or chew on a cookie.
Methylbutanol is a compound that gives cookies and baked goods a toasty or malty taste. When Blumenthal chews on a dry biscuit, the flavor dutifully registers on the line graph on a screen. But when he then dips the biscuit into tea and takes another bite, the "flavor line" noticeably spikes up on the chart.
The first flight of the Ares rocket (not to be confused with the similarly named rocket of the now defunct Constellation program) would take an unmanned Earth Return Vehicle to Mars after a 6-month cruise phase, with a supply of hydrogen, a chemical plant and a small nuclear reactor. Once there, a series of chemical reactions (the Sabatier reaction coupled with electrolysis) would be used to combine a small amount of hydrogen (8 tons) carried by the Earth Return Vehicle with the carbon dioxide of the Martian atmosphere to create up to 112 tonnes of methane and oxygen. This relatively simple chemical-engineering procedure was used regularly in the 19th and 20th centuries,[8] and would ensure that only 7% of the return propellant would need to be carried to the surface of Mars.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial Show all 90 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Oscar Pistorius trial 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013 1/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius arrives at court prior to another day of cross examination during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 2/90 Oscar Pistorius arrives at court Oscar Pistorius is greeted by the "Support for Oscar" Facebook group members as he arrives at the Pretoria High Court 3/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel walks past a courtroom reconstruction of the toilet in which Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed during Oscar Pistorius' murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 4/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court Prosecutor Gerrie Nel gestures as he explains a possible scenario into how Oscar Pistorius might have fired on girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in court in Pretoria 5/90 The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence in court The door through which Reeva Steenkamp was shot used as evidence and displayed during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 6/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves the high court in Pretoria 7/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva, is comforted by unidentified relative after her dead daughter's picture was shown on screen during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 8/90 Aimee Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Sister of Oscar Pistorius, Aimee Pistorius (L) and aunt Lois Pistorius (R) listen as Oscar Pistorius testifies in court in Pretoria 9/90 Gina Myers in court Gina Myers, Reeva Steenkamp's best friend, is overcome with emotion as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 10/90 Aimee Pistorius cries in court Aimee Pistorius (R), sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as she hears her brother tell his story of the events on the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 11/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp hides her face as she listens to Oscar Pistorius' testimony in the Pretoria High Court 12/90 Arnold and Lois Pistorius cry in court Arnold and Lois Pistorius overcome with emotion as they listen to their nephew Oscar's testimony in the Pretoria High Court 13/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria 14/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 15/90 Gerrie Nel speaks in court State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks as he cross-examines the pathologist during the trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 16/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 17/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 18/90 Oscar Pistorius speaks with relative Oscar Pistorius speaks with a family member during his trial in Court in Pretoria 19/90 Aimee Pistorius in court Aimee, sister of Oscar Pistorius, cries as her brother takes the stand to testify at the high court in Pretoria 20/90 Carl Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius' brother Carl Pistorius reacts during Oscar's trial at the high court in Pretoria 21/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp, mother of the late Reeva Steenkamp listens to evidence by a pathologist during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius in court in Pretoria 22/90 Arnold Pistorius and Lois Pistorius in court Uncle Arnold Pistorius and aunt Lois Pistorius look on during the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius at the high court in Pretoria 23/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 24/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sheds tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 25/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius shedding tears as he sits in the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 26/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 27/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius makes his way to the dock during his ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 28/90 Kenny Oldwage questions a witness Kenny Oldwage a member of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius' legal team questions a state witness during the ongoing murder trial in Pretoria 29/90 Hilton Botha arrives in court Hilton Botha, former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case, arrives ahead of Pistorius's trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 30/90 A member of the African National Congress Women's League outside the court A member of the African National Congress Women's League holds a mobile phone with a picture of Reeva Steenkamp outside the high court in Pretoria 31/90 Pistorius cries during his trial Oscar Pistorius cries during his trial at the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria 32/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is comforted by relatives as he sits in the dock during court proceedings at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 33/90 Pistorius is comforted by relatives Oscar Pistorius is hugged by his aunt Lois in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 34/90 Pistorius in the dock Oscar Pistorius holds his head in his hands in the dock during cross examination of a witnesses in court in Pretoria 35/90 Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius is photographed as he leaves at the end of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 36/90 Oscar Pistorius and Aimee Pistorius Oscar Pistorius with his sister Aimee Pistorius during the murder trial at the high court in Pretoria 37/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Pistorius from the waist up, with a tattoo visible on his back, and blood on his left arm 38/90 Photographs of Pistorius taken after the shooting Photographs of Pistorius taken soon after fatal shooting of Reeva Steenkamp were shown in court. The athlete's prosthetic legs are splattered with blood 39/90 Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it A photograph of Pistorius' watch collection with blood marks on it. One of the watches went missing the night police searched the house after Reeva Steenkamp was shot on Valentine's Day. 40/90 Pistorius's bedroom with the duvet on the floor A close up of Pistorius's bedroom, with the duvet on the floor. Pistorius argues he woke up to bring a fan from his balcony when he heard noises coming the bathroom 41/90 Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence Oscar Pistorius covers his head with a notebook as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 42/90 Pistorius puts his hands to his head while he sits in court Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head as he listens to forensic evidence during his trial in court in Pretoria 43/90 Pistorius reacts while listening evidence in court Oscar Pistorius reacts during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 44/90 Pistorius places his head in his hands Oscar Pistorius places his head in his hands as he listens to the cross examination during his trial in court in Pretoria 45/90 Pistorius during his continuous trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during his murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 46/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door Lt Col JG Vermeulen demonstrates the effect of hitting of a bathroom door with a cricket bat during the trail of Oscar Pistorius in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 47/90 Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home Lt Col JG Vermeulen recreates a possible scenario at Oscar Pistorius home when he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 48/90 Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence Pistorius's defence team questions forensic evidence suggesting the athlete was wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit the lavatory's door with a cricket bat 49/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel speaks in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel makes a point during the trial of Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 50/90 Pistorius speaks with his legal team Oscar Pistorius speaks with a member of his legal team prior to a hearing of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 51/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius sits with hands on his head at the court dock during the ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 52/90 Pistorius in court during ongoing trial Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock on another day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 53/90 State prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court State prosecutor Gerrie Nel takes part in Oscar Pistorius' ongoing murder trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 54/90 Pistorius arrives in court The accused arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 55/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he listens to cross questioning about the events surrounding the shooting death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, in court during his trial in Pretoria 56/90 Pistorius cries in court Oscar Pistorius cries as he chats to his lawyer Barry Roux during his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 57/90 Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial Oscar Pistorius holds his hands to his face as he sits in the dock during day 6 of his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria 58/90 Pistorius sits in court Oscar Pistorius is pictured with hands on his head during a hearing on the sixth day of his murder trial 59/90 Relatives of Reeva Steenkamp in court Relatives and friends of Reeva Steenkamp, Gina Meyers (C) and her mother Desiree (R) attend a hearing of Oscar Pistorius on the sixth day of his trial 60/90 Pistorius arrives in court Oscar Pistorius arrives at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 61/90 Security guard Pieter Baba testifies Security guard Pieter Baba testifies the murder trial of South African Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius at the high court of Pretoria 62/90 Pistorius family in court Aimee Pistorius, sister of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar, rests her head on an unidentified woman's shoulder during the fifth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 63/90 Oscar Pistorius listens as witness testifies Oscar Pistorius puts his hands to his head while a witness testifies and speaks about the morning of the shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 64/90 Oscar Pistorius cries Oscar Pistorius cries while a witness testifies during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 65/90 Oscar Pistorius looks at notes Oscar Pistorius looks at notes during the fourth day of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 66/90 Oscar Pistorius on the second day of his trial Covering his ears, on empty benches, Oscar Pistoius gestures after arriving at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 67/90 Oscar Pistorius reads defense paperwork Oscar Pistorius looks at his defense team paperwork during a break on the second day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 68/90 Members of the media during the trial Members of the media work during a break in proceedings on the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 69/90 Oscar Pistorius during trial Oscar Pistorius looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 70/90 Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo during the trial Chief investigating officer Lieutenant General Vineshkumar Moonoo gestures during the second day of the murder trial of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 71/90 Oscar Pistorius leaves court Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court during the lunchtime break as he faces trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 72/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 73/90 Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux in court Oscar Pistorius and Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 74/90 Advocate Barry Roux speaks in court Advocate Barry Roux at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 75/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 76/90 Oscar Pistorius in court Oscar Pistorius walks at the Pretoria High Court as Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on 77/90 June Steenkamp in court Reeva Steenkamp's mother looks on inside the Pretoria High Court 78/90 Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius in court Lois, Arnold and Aimee Pistorius at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 79/90 Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius in court Carl, Aimee and Lois Pistorius speaking with a member of his legal team at the Pretoria High Court in Pretoria 80/90 Carl Pistorious in court Carl Pistorious, the brother of South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, leaves the courtroom during a lunch recess at the High Court in Pretoria 81/90 Prosecutor Gerrie Nel Prosecutor Gerrie Nel reads out the charges on the opening day of proceedings in the High Court in Pretoria 82/90 Pretoria news A newspaper vendor sells the Pretoria News as the Oscar Pistorius trail starts at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. Olympic and Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Pistorius denies the allegation claiming he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder inside their home on Valentines Day 2013 83/90 June Steenkamp in court June Steenkamp (L), mother of the murdered Reeva Steenkamp, sits in court ahead of the trial of Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 84/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (C), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 85/90 June Steenkamp arrives in court June Steenkamp (R), the mother of Reeva Steenkamp, arrives at North Gauteng High Court for the trial of Oscar Pistorius in Pretoria 86/90 Carl Pistorius arrives in court Police try to hold back the media as Carl Pistorius, the brother of Oscar Pistorius, arrives at North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria 87/90 Media outside the court in Pretoria Bewildered media stand outside North Gauteng High Court as Oscar Pistrious slips into court through another door to face trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in Pretoria 88/90 Daily News front page day after the shooting Oscar Pistorius was arrested in South Africa in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp 89/90 Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp at the Feather Awards in 2012 in Johannesburg 90/90 Reeva Steenkamp Reeva Steenkamp who was shot dead on the Valentine's Day 2013
MIT electrical engineering and computer science professor Anant Agarwal was a guest on Comedy Central’s “The Colbert Report” a few years ago. He told host Stephen Colbert about his online learning site, edX, saying, “You can take these great courses from MIT, from Harvard … and it’s free.”
At the recent Reimagine Education conference at Wharton, Agarwal said that edX — a non-profit online learning destination founded in 2012 by Harvard and MIT — is trying to take MOOCs to a new level, and represents the future of education. In addition to being the CEO of edX, Agarwal is a serial entrepreneur, having co-founded several companies including Tilera Corporation, which created the Tile multicore processor. In 2012, he was included in Forbes’ list of the top 15 education innovators.
Agarwal talked about some of his “favorite students,” including a 25-year-old Pakistani woman who was married when she was in ninth grade and had to leave school. “She discovered these courses and she tells us that she’s now been learning online…. Her husband is very supportive.” He noted that the first course she took was “Justice,” an introduction to moral and political philosophy that is considered one of the most famous courses taught at Harvard.
Another notable learner was a former American soldier who wanted to continue his education after two tours of duty. He also took a Harvard course, edX’s Introduction to Computer Science. With the help of LaunchCode, an edX partner in St. Louis that places people with non-traditional credentials in technology jobs, he got a job at the creative studio Yellow Brick. He directly credits the edX course for helping him get the position, said Agarwal.
"In these casesm two offenders or three offenders entered the business, displayed a blue steel handgun and demanded money from the register," police said in an alert. "The offenders moved the victims to the rear of the store or into a storage area and took money, alcohol, cigarettes and other property."
The 5-stars flag was adopted as the national flag of China only in 1949 when Communist Party took the reins of power in 1949 after a long civil war.
“Strootman will start,” began the Giallorossi coach, before giving his take on Roma’s goalkeeping situation: “I don’t see why we can’t pick the keeper one game at a time like with other positions. I don’t have an answer. It’s simple, the guy on form plays.”
How have Roma changed compared to the side you took over in January?
"I think it took me seven years. I knew some guys. They knew some older guys. And before, I really didn't believe any of this happened. Then I start coming around different events, parties, tailgates, and I make some smart ass tweets. After a while one guy says, 'Oh hey, I know him. It's okay, he loves the [team], got a great imagination' and we start talking. I make a smart ass comment about a running back having a wide ass and affecting his center of gravity, and the next thing I know I was a part of it. I wanted to be."
Who is the one person that can be trusted to take that rumor about the player and keep it in the public view for as long as possible by getting the most retweets and shares on social media?
And with that, the cell phone rings. The rumor man takes it. It's another rumor man, wanting to float a trial balloon.
Not only do successful people have crystal clear short and long-term goals, they also know exactly what they must accomplish each day to feel fulfilled as well as bring them closer to their goals. They also take full advantage of the “Golden Hour” which is the first hour after you wake up in the morning. What you do mentally, physically, and spiritually during this first hour, sets the tone for the entire day.
Successful people are proactive – they get things done. While they realize outside forces may interrupt their flow, successful people take full responsibility for the attitude they choose in situations over which they have no control. They look forward to the pleasure and benefits of accomplishing their daily tasks and life goals and they do whatever it takes to avoid the pain of falling through and giving up success.
Successful people decide what they want, then burn the boat. Once they make a decision, they set their minds to do whatever it takes to make it happen. This habit also helps build confidence in a person by proving to themselves that they’re dependable and have the ability and drive to make things happen just as they said they would.
“Labour under my leadership will listen to ideas from the bottom up – and take radical action to transform and rebuild our country so that no one and no community is left behind. We need nothing less than a democratic revolution in our politics, communities and workplaces.”
The most important under-investigated story of the presidential campaign could ultimately become the greatest political scandal in U.S. history: how the Trump administration may have conspired with top Russian intelligence officials, and perhaps Vladimir Putin himself, to interfere in the election, get Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE elected President, and undermine U.S. foreign policy. As revelations about these Russian contacts slowly leak out, some legal scholars are beginning to suggest that Trump campaign officials might have broken the law or even committed treason.
Ian McKenna, an emergency room doctor at Randall Children's Hospital, said McDonald called him repeatedly and threatened to harm his wife and family. He said he'd provided medical care for McDonald many times and took her threats seriously.
"It's impairing our ability to take care of a lot of other patients as well," he said. "We're not in a position to protect ourselves in the hospital."
What becomes of the contemplative mind, Birkerts wonders, when we let “the assumption of solvability take the place of what had always been a more provisional—possibly more investigatory—relation to our surroundings”? If the route can be easily found and followed, the answer easily called up, the right mate tabulated, the appropriate soundtrack predicted, what becomes of the “power of the immense unknown”? The iPhone fiddlers on a subway car may be doing business, filling the time, or, as Birkerts generously allows, engaged in a form of exploration. What they are not doing, though, is confronting the “unknown not just as what we don’t or can’t know, but as a philosophical premise of being—and ultimately the basis for seeing life as spiritually grounded.” Others—including the comedian Louis CK in a much-shared 2013 segment of Conan O’Brien’s TV show—have made more-or-less the same point. But Birkerts’s primary interest is in what happens to the imagination, that “mode of processing reality that is not amenable to statistics or calculations,” in a world where the unknown has been hidden away.
Is there space for such a poet today? Birkerts is pessimistic. He despairs that what Emerson called an awareness of the “spiritual fact” cannot persist when digital technology has placed such a thick barrier between us and the world, replacing the sublime act of attention with a perpetual state of distraction. Besides, he writes, people simply don’t talk that way any more, outside of religion, and it all sounds a bit silly, “for we don’t credit the inward as a place for progress or gain, or anything much at all.” How do we create, Birkerts asks, if we cannot take ourselves seriously as souls?
SAN FRANCISCO, March 9 (UPI) -- San Francisco officials said the mess left by this year's massive Valentine's Day pillow fight has led them to take another look at the "flash mob" phenomenon.
The house is on fire Someone important calls you (it takes real work for them to call you) Maybe one or two people send you a text-based message (message from spouse)
We already rob ourselves of focus when we check Facebook, Twitter, etc during a work day. Why drive the nail deeper by letting these apps have the ability to directly distract us? Its like trying to diet and constantly being shown a box of donuts. Want some donuts? They look good don’t they. Go on take just one!
In fact, I’ve got a startup pitch for you. A totally notification (and distraction) proof tablet. Instead of the ability to switch between apps. Instead of being monitored and cajoled into certain behaviors, you take content you wish to learn and imprint it on a single-use screen. This screen cannot distract you. It’s physically impossible. It comes with a 100% concentration guarantee. There’s no icons, popups, badges, dancing bears, or anything! I’d pay real money for that!
Yeah no duh you’re saying, it’s called a book. It’s a subatomic particle of information in the vast ocean of knowledge available on the Internet. But it never takes away your focus. You’re never tempted to check twitter for retweets. You have a real chance of getting deep into the content. Of really focussing. You have no ability to accidentally find yourself in email or a chat room.
If you want to experience this yourself, take a book on your next plane ride. (hurry before all airplanes have ubiquitous Internet too!) Suddenly your concentration comes back. Your ability to do hard mental work sinks in. You get a ton out of that book.
Perhaps more importantly, why aren’t our operating systems designed this way? Video games take over the whole screen to get you to that state of flow. Why do I have all these Windows each with an equal opportunity to bother me? If I was a woodworker and my hammer started buzzing to tell me something while my screwdriver did backflips because it wanted to tell me about a screw that needed tightening? I’d never get anything done.
My hope is we’ll begin to take focus & flow more seriously than reacting and raw information.
“If the TPP countries [governments] ratify the deal, Big Pharma will have succeeded in cementing intellectual property standards that will stymie access to medicines for up to 800 million people in the short term, and more if additional countries sign up in future,” she added. “Furthermore, the TPP’s intellectual property chapter sets a new norm that is likely to become the template for future trade agreements: its implications are global as well as regional.... The governments of TPP countries have been complicit in a global health disaster of unimaginable proportions — a deal that will prevent untold numbers of people from obtaining medicines that those in many developed countries take for granted.”
The possibility that PeaceHealth’s refusal to cover my surgery might lead to a delay in me receiving the surgery made me extremely anxious and desperate. I told my parents I could not wait. They could see this was not about making a “choice” to have surgery – this was something I needed to be me. To come up with the $10,000 to pay for it, my parents dipped into my college fund and took a second mortgage on our house.
While Bitcoin is increasingly referred to as digital gold, IOTA is positioning itself as the crypto equivalent of a major energy conglomerate. Central to IOTA’s potential is the idea that data is the oil of the digital economy. To take this metaphor to its logical conclusion, IOTA may have just invented the internal combustion engine.
Even though Gander Mountain has taken its “vow of silence,” there is plenty to go on that suggests hard times are afoot for the outdoor retailer. If you take a look at their website, a plethora of sales and markdowns on all regular-priced items will tell you all you need to know.
When Tana Umaga retired after the 2005 season, the path was open for McCaw to take the captaincy and there has never been any question of him relinquishing the role - except, of course, after the capitulation to France in the 2007 World Cup quarterfinal in Cardiff.
"You have to make it change but it will come back your way and you have to be good enough to take those opportunities."
With Allen Robinson coming back to his hometown of Detroit for the first time on Sunday I felt it appropriate to take a look back to 2014, and how close the Lions actually came to bringing him home long term. Prior to the 2014 draft I was one of the highest people out there on Allen Robinson despite the many criticizing his lack of breakaway speed. When the Lions took Ebron in the first round however, those hopes of drafting him were almost completely dashed when you combine that selection with the recent addition of Golden Tate in free agency and Calvin Johnson still looking as incredible as ever.
Virginia authorities said last week that Alexis had passed the required state and local background checks before buying the shotgun he used to begin his killing spree. He also used a handgun he took from a guard after killing him.
“It would not be the responsible thing to do in this environment to take policy decisions that increase the deficit,” he said, in a clear dig at Labor’s budget. “I have no intention of postponing the pace of fiscal consolidation.
New York has a history of fining businesses for using exclusionary language like “bus boys” (as opposed to “bus staff”) in job postings, but CBS reports that the New York Commission on Human Rights “would likely work with the Hamilton production team to help it comply with city law if it takes issue with the ad.”
Similarly, for a performer to take personal offense to this Hamilton notice, they’d need to take issue with the entire message of the show itself. Kendra James, who describes the show as “part musical, part protest music,” wrote for The Toast last October:
When Joel and Ethan Coen's "Fargo" hit theaters in 1996, it was a bloody sensation. It grossed $60 million at the box office, and was nominated from multiple Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Frances McDormand took home an Oscar for her role as the unshakeable Brainerd police chief, Marge Gunderson.
That's where documentarians Diane Richard and Todd Melby, of 2 Below Zero, took their cue for their documentary celebrating the 20th anniversary of the film. "Fargo" turned 20 this spring, and Richard and Melby produced an in-depth look at film in "We Don't Talk Like That: 'Fargo' and the Midwest Psyche."
It started the last Wednesday of August in 1945 when some young people spent the time in the town square to attend the Giants and Big-Heads figures parade. The young boys decided to take part in a parade with musicians, Giants and Big-Heads figures. The energy of jovialities caused one participant's big head to fall off. The participant flew into a fit of rage, began hitting everything in his path. There was a market stall of vegetable that fell victim to the fury of the crowd. People started to pelt each other with tomatoes until the local forces ended that fruit battle.
West Virginia: Rockefeller might still be an underdog to Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R), who entered the race before the incumbent retired. But that race would have been much closer, presumably, than Capito’s largely sleepy contest against West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant, and the National Republican Senatorial Committee would not have been able to just take a pass on the race, as it has this cycle. Capito’s strong performance as a candidate is an often overlooked bright spot for Republicans this cycle – she’s done so well, in a state where the GOP hasn’t won a Senate seat in more than a half century, that the race never became obviously competitive – but running in an open seat has made her job easier. The Crystal Ball rating here is Safe Republican; with Rockefeller in the race, we’d probably rate it just Leans Republican or maybe Toss-up. A few polls before Rockefeller retired suggested Capito would have started the race with a narrow lead, and Rockefeller did himself no favors by not being 100 percent pro-coal in recent years, a political problem in a state where coal is still king.
San Antonio's Lackland Air Force Base opened its doors as an illegal immigrant camp last month. Port Hueneme Naval Base in Ventura County, Calif., will shelter nearly 600 illegal border-crossing children and teens. The Fort Sill Army post in Lawton, Okla., was ordered on Friday to take in 1,200 illegal aliens despite the objections of GOP Gov. Mary Fallin, who blasted the White House, saying, "The Obama administration continues to fail in its duty to protect our borders and continues to promote policies that encourage, rather than discourage, illegal immigration."
Asked during a news conference this week whether a DMZ visit would provoke Pyongyang, Trump said the trip's details were not finalized and added: "I didn't hear in terms of provoking, but we will certainly take a look at that."
"The DMZ functions as a kind of amplifier," said Daniel Russel, who served as assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs under President Barack Obama and is now a senior fellow at the Asia Society. "The message takes on a more martial and ominous tone when it comes out of a military command post on North Korea's doorstep."
President Clinton takes the lens caps off a pair of army binoculars after looking through them and not getting a very good view from the Oulette guard post in the demilitarized zone. (Greg Gibson/Associated Press)
In the Basic Game, a tank is rated for front and rear armor only. In the Advanced Game, each tank’s armor is broken in to ratings for 11 separate angles. To take out an enemy tank, the firing player must make a roll to hit the target with modifiers for range. All rolls are made with two 10-sided die. If a hit occurs, the shot still has to penetrate the target’s armor. Each unit has a data card which lists everything from its speed on different terrain to its gun types and penetration factor of its guns. If the shot penetrates the armor, then a 1d10 is rolled based upon the damage factor of the gun doing the shooting. Results run from a dud shell to damage to parts of the tank to leaving the target a burning wreck.
Since the World War 2 “Panzer” series and the “modern” MBT use the same game system, it would be fun to take 1 M1 Abrams and send it up against 4 or 5 Tiger tanks and see what happens. I bet it wouldn’t be pretty for the Tigers especially with the modern laser sites and hard hitting APFSDS rounds on the Abrams.
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
do whatever it takes to achieve them. #motivation pic.twitter.com/1eoaG2yp9w — Julian Edelman (@Edelman11) July 18, 2017
It’s a nice letter and kind gesture from the former teacher, but the lesson to take away from this is that setting high goals doesn’t mean they are unattainable. Edelman has proven that with hard work, perseverance and a little grit, anything is possible.
On Sunday night, the women’s bathrooms backed up and female fans took to Twitter to voice their concerns.
Comer felt the decision showed male fans took precedent over women.
Lastly, we’re letting the view take care of itself, as it should. When the delete link is clicked and after the model is destroyed, the view closes itself. Notice that we’re not using a jQuery selector, either. We’re letting Backbone’s built in `.remove` method handle that for us.
Beyond the issues that I’ve addressed, there are additional benefits of building views and delete functionality in this manner. Backbone contains a tremendous amount of power and provides a lot of features for us to take advantage of. Every time we stay within the boundaries that Backbone outlines, it makes it that much easier for us to use the additional features provided to us.
While there are some very distinct advantages of using a router, it should not be our default go-to object to enable functionality. MV* frameworks, like Backbone, give us the opportunity to bridge the gap between the web and the thick clients. We need to take off our stateless-web-server glasses and realize that Backbone opens a world of different principles and patterns. We need to look to the thick-client, desktop and native-mobile-device applications for guidance in some of these areas. Not every pattern we find will apply, of course. But many of them will, and they will help us produce much longer-lasting, maintainable solutions for our interaction-heavy web pages.
A new law took effect Wednesday that allows financing for residents who want to lease rooftop solar panels.
The incident took place on Friday, according to railway officials. The man and his daughter had boarded the Shalimar-Nagercoil Gurudev Express from Salem, and were to get down at Palakkad. They were on their way to the man’s in-laws’ house in Wadakkanchery, which is near Palakkad.
Broadband Blue has friendly internet service specialists waiting to take your call 24/7. Our friendly team will help you determine which internet service plan and option is available in your area of WA (even if you live out in the country). We will help you find out what internet plan is best for you and set you up with the cheapest price available. Call 888-648-2706 to speak to one of our specialists and to find out more about deals and promotions exclusive to your area!
Let’s take an example. A Toyota Prius weighs about 3,000 lbs, which is 1,500 lbs per axle. A Lincoln Navigator weighs in with a curb weight of 6,000 lbs, or 3,000 lbs per axle.
Oh wait, no they don’t, because we live in Bizarro Land. Owners of large vehicles can often take advantage of tax incentives not available to the owners of smaller vehicles. But I digress. Let’s look at another example.
Twelve months ago Ron Williams and I (James Bell) agreed that Georgia Taxpayers Alliance, Inc. should form this project in an effort to move the cannabis reform issue forward. We saw that 20 states (D.C.) have medical laws and two state had just legalized. It was a sign to us that Georgia should be more engaged in the reform movement. We have accomplished many of our short term goals – take a look…
What once seems a daunting task now seems very real and achievable. It will not be easy and it will not be done as fast as we want it too. But we are willing to dedicate our efforts for as long as it takes to achieve our goals. We hope you will continue to help us!
If this past summer wasn’t enough, America is now dealing with two more police shootings that killed black men: one in Charlotte, the other in Tulsa. The response remains the same: Police say they felt threatened and were forced to take lethal action; the families disagree. In Charlotte, Keith Lamont Scott was shot and killed Tuesday by Officer Brentley Vinson. Police thought Scott was holding a handgun, but witnesses say he was holding a book. Yet Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said at a news conference that a gun was recovered by detectives. In Tulsa, police said they were responding to an abandoned car in the middle of the road Friday, when officers shot Terence Crutcher as he held his hands in the air and walked away. Crutcher's twin sister, Tiffany Crutcher, wants charges pressed against police officer Betty Shelby, who shot her brother. Police Chief Chuck Jordan said he called in the Justice Department to ask for an investigation. Cue more "Hands up, don't shoot,"Black Lives Matter protests.
Fisher was born in Merrick, New York, on Long Island,[2] to Elliot and Roseann Fisher;[4] her father was Jewish while her mother's family, Fisher said, was "a mixture of a lot of different things, including English."[5] As a 16-year-old student at Kennedy High School in Bellmore, New York,[6] Fisher began an allegedly sexual relationship with 35-year-old Joey Buttafuoco, who denied her claim, after damaging the car her parents had given her for her 16th birthday and appealing to Buttafuoco, owner of the body shop to which she took it, to make the repairs without her family knowing of the damage.[7]
With the aid of Peter Guagenti, Fisher obtained a .25 caliber pistol and then went out to steal a set of license plates off a neighborhood car. On May 19, 1992, Guagenti helped Fisher put the license plates on his Pontiac Firebird and then drove her to the Buttafuoco home in Massapequa, New York. Fisher later explained to the police that she had expected Guagenti to carry out the shooting, but he refused. When Mary Jo Buttafuoco answered the door, Fisher told her that Joey Buttafuoco was having an affair with Fisher's (imaginary) younger sister, providing a T-shirt advertising Buttafuoco's auto body shop for her "proof." The conversation lasted about 15 minutes, but Buttafuoco became increasingly angry with Fisher's claims. She finally told her to leave and then turned her back to return into the house. Fisher then produced the gun, struck Buttafuoco in the head with it, and then aimed at her temple and fired. Buttafuoco fell to the ground, severely wounded. Fisher dropped the shirt and the gun and ran towards the car, but Guagenti told her to take the evidence with her, so she ran back to retrieve both items and then they both fled the scene. Neighbors called 911 and came to Buttafuoco's aid. She was operated on all night, and although unable to remove the bullet, the doctors were able to save her life.[8]
In early January 2008, Fisher announced that she had settled with Red Light and agreed to do a related promotional appearance. The same announcement indicated that she and Bellera had reconciled.[13] The promotional appearance took place at Retox in New York City on January 4, 2008.[24] Clips of the video were played on The Howard Stern Show. On March 6, 2008, Fisher was a guest on the Stern show, and one topic of discussion was meant to be her video. But after the first phone call, which was from Mary Jo Buttafuoco's daughter Jessica, Fisher left the show six minutes into her interview.[25]
“For a child who came in P4 and wouldn’t really talk, wouldn’t really read out in class, to stand and perform in front of an audience is amazing. It takes a lot of effort on Kaylee’s part.”
Indeed, Mr Summers reckons there are generally two ways out, one bad and one good. The bad one occurs when a long period of very low interest rates leads to a bubble in asset prices. The bubble in asset prices can support consumer borrowing and spending, providing an economy with the sensations of a decent recovery while the good times last (after which things often look even worse than before). The good one occurs when governments recognise the problem and take direct action to fix it: by borrowing (to soak up excess saving) and investing the proceeds of that borrowing in demand-boosting investment. Mr Summers is an advocate for this approach; he would like America's government to borrow at historically low interest rates in order to tackle the country's many pressing infrastructure needs.
This can be put more simply: the world as a whole is not spending enough money. Large parts of the world economy are short-run incapable of spending more for political and economic reasons. Unless other parts take up the slack, then the too-little-spending problem will grow more serious and ever more of the world will slip into this monetary trap.
What the blazing hell is that? I haven’t ordered chinese! Yes, you haven’t, although we dared to take the initiative and brought forward the Wot Armory Type-analysis. The hard reason is, the servers are flooded again with the WG’s favourite cash-cow. We dedicate this article for the new buyers, the old buyers, for those who love them, for those who cannot stand them, for low tiers and high tiers, in short, for everyone. Because this tank brings out emotions from all of us.
When the racing resumed, Nelson Piquet Jr. took first in heat 2A with the Olsbergs pairing of Sebastian Eriksson and Joni Wiman sweeping 2B.
In Semi Final B, Scott Speed used his front row start to his advantage to take an early lead. He was never troubled, taking the semi final win, giving himself pole position for the final. Sebastian Eriksson finished in second place with Foust clinging onto his slim championship hopes with a third place finish.
The final points standings see Scott Speed at the top of the table, 56 points ahead of Sebastian Eriksson who took fellow Daytona winner Foust’s runner-up spot thanks to his Vegas podium. Foust did manage finish in the top three however, 68 points back from Speed, with Nelson Piquet Jr. and Joni Wiman completing the top five.
In GRC Lites it was 16-year-old Oliver Eriksson who continued Olsberg’s domination of the category by taking the championship crown in his first season. He went in the final GRC Lites race second in the standings to team mate Austin Cindric but the American was involved in a first lap incident that took him out of the race, handing the title to Eriksson. The race win went to Alex Keyes.
The death of the two boys on Monday takes to 175 overall the number of children reported killed in US drone strikes since 2004.
It was billed as a ‘Waziristan Grand Jirga’ on behalf of drone strike victims in Pakistan – to be held at the Margalla hotel in Islamabad. Some 25 men, young and old, filed into the first floor conference hall shaking hands and kissing cheeks with over a dozen Waziri elders who had convened the high level meeting to discuss ‘how to end the suffering of innocent civilians.’ It was billed as a ‘Waziristan Grand Jirga’ on behalf of drone strike victims in Pakistan – to be held at the Margalla hotel in Islamabad. Some 25 men, young and old, filed into the first floor conference hall shaking hands and kissing cheeks with over a dozen Waziri elders who had convened the high level meeting to discuss ‘how to end the suffering of innocent civilians.’ One of the young men who walked in to the jirga on October 28, 2011, was Tariq Khan, a 16 year old boy. He shook hands with Karim Khan of Mir Ali, the father of a drone strike victim, and then took his place in the audience. The night before, I sat with some of his companions and we ate a traditional Pashtun dinner. The youngest among them stayed silent and reserved as their elders spoke with me on their behalf, as is Pashtun tradition. Rahimullah, another Waziri teenager who ate with me, smiled only when we discussed their local football teams. The next morning I watched and filmed Tariq Khan sitting quietly at the meeting. Like Rahimullah, he said little, and listened respectfully as the elders discussed what to do. For four hours, the Waziris debated the drone war, and then they listened to a resolution condemn the attacks, read out by Mirza Shahzad Akbar, a lawyer from the Foundation for Fundamental Rights. The group voted for this unanimously. After lunch, the group travelled to a rally outside the Pakistani parliament. Imran Khan, a former cricketer, and now the leader of the Tehreek-e-Insaaf political party and Clive Stafford Smith, the founder of Reprieve, a UK legal charity, addressed some 2,000 people gathered. The next day, the Waziris returned to their homes, eight hours drive away. Just over 72 hours later Tariq Khan was dead. He was killed in a drone strike on Monday when he was travelling in a car to Miran Shah, the biggest town in North Waziristan. Wahid, his 12 year old cousin, was also killed together with two other men. The boys were on their way to see a relative, according to Noor Kalam, Tariq’s uncle, who spoke to the BBC by phone. ‘We condemn this very strongly,’ he said. ‘He was just a normal boy who loved football.’ Pratap Chatterjee
For the last two years, I’ve been rocking a Timbuk2 Swig* as my go bag. It’s been a faithful companion through two biking seasons, daily grocery runs and numerous weekend overnighters without showing a glimpse of wear. I rarely leave the house without it, and have been consistently amazed by how much stuff I can cram into it: UPS shipments, groceries, and just last week, a half sheet tray. From the time Rachel and I decided to go on this trip, I’ve lamented not being able to take this bag with me — I just didn’t imagine that I’d be able to fit three months of clothes into it. But after John left that night, out of curiosity, I moved the contents from my hiking pack into my Timbuk2 bag.
All in all, deciding to take the Timbuk2 has been a pleasant end to a surprisingly enjoyable packing experience. I’m quite pleased with how little we’re managing to escape with. Next week, we discover what we forgot….
You hear about the entrepreneur who took his business public but not how many “no’s” he heard when he was building his business. You read about the dieter who lost 28 pounds in 30 days but not how close they were to relapsing.
If you want to achieve a goal, it’s not always enough to just take action (how do you know it’s the right action?); you have to constantly improve the process you’re using as well (this helps you ascertain whether it’s the right action or not).
I prefer a qualitative improvement in my processes and my rule of thumb is to ask myself: “Do I feel like I’ve improved in (process) today?” For example, if I’m focusing on improving my writing, that can be proofreading my work more thoroughly, using a new word I’ve learned or double checking a grammatical rule. In other words: “Did I take an action I wouldn’t have usually taken?” If I feel like an article I’ve written is better than the one that preceded it, I feel like I’m improving.
Hackaday and Adafruit have joined forces to present the Raspberry Pi Zero Contest. A great contest is nothing without entries though. This is where the Hackaday.io community is proving once again that they’re the best in the world. The contest is less than a week old, yet as of this Thursday evening, we’re already up to 33 entrants! You should submit your own project ideas now for a chance at one of the many prizes. This week on The Hacklet, we’re going to take a look at a few of these early entrants!
[Radomir Dopieralski] has brought his signature walking robots to the Pi Zero world with Tote Zero. Tote Zero is a quadruped walking robot built mainly from 9 gram servos. [Radomir’s] custom tote board interfaces the servos to the Pi Zero itself. The Pi Zero opens all sorts of doors for sensors, vision, and advanced processing. The Arduino board on the original Tote would have been hard pressed to pull that off. Tote is programmed in Python, which will make the code quick and easy to develop. Tote Zero just took its first steps a few days ago, so follow along as a new robot is born!
They ate lunches of fried whiting and fried okra at Flava, a soul-food cafe set in a brick compound one block off Main Street. And they listened as Eugene Lyles, who built the restaurant in the 1960s, told them that, back when the black-power movement was ascendant, he was an idealist, too. Weekday afternoons, they walked the town, past shuttered storefronts. At night, they sometimes played four-square games on Main Street, sidestepping pulpwood trucks as they downshifted from the highway﻿﻿. They measured success in modest exchanges. Buck and Robin Mooty, another early PieLab worker, designed and painted a new sign for Charles Johnson’s salon. In return, Johnson took Buck and Deal golfing.
“I understand what they intended,” Winnie Cobbs said. “It was playful and frivolous. I got the Marie Antoinette reference. It takes us back to the time of the French Revolution. But you have to pick your place to use that word. And posters, plastered around this town, would not have been that place.”
Ann Langford still keeps a rolled copy beneath her desk at the courthouse. “I can’t take a poster with that word on it home,” she said. Langford understands youthful indiscretion. Yet she still gets agitated when she talks about the incident.
One recent morning, Melvin Webster, who is studying construction skills through YouthBuild while working on his G.E.D., drank coffee and talked of how he learned to blend pecan butter from cracked nuts for a HERO-sponsored initiative called Pecans! It was a task in which he seemed to take great pride. Across the counter, Sam Heartsill, a mother of two whose work at PieLab is financed in part by a federally subsidized employment program, drained a bottle of lemon-juice concentrate into homemade custard. At PieLab, both the food and the focus are still works in progress. Dorr leads the progress. As executive director of HERO, she has helped dozens of Hale County families move from busted trailers to tidy bungalows. Now, in her work with PieLab, she has proposed courses for young cooks to learn about the virtues of local produce and traditional techniques. And she holds hospitality classes for those aspiring to careers in the food industry.
“Whenever we’re off, things come to mind and then I think ‘Aww man.’ We can’t immediately talk about it when things happen. I have a hard time turning that part of my brain off. Now we’ll have more time to take advantage of it all,” she said.
“In middle school we had a teacher who would take us to different improv shows and I always thought it would be cool to be on something like that but I never knew anyone from Indianapolis who went on to do that and didn’t necessarily think it was a viable career,” Ms. Zamata said.
Graduating in 2008, it was off to New York where UCB took hold.
“I took a class to see what it was all about and got hooked immediately. I went through the whole program and made a home there and realized that comedy was where I was headed,” she said.
The Milton audience will undoubtedly hear her takes on relationships, family and, as she puts it, “grace and society.”
"We want to take a step back. We want to see if there is some way to accommodate" some of the residents' concerns, he said.
Asked if his Catalan sentiment meant that he should not play for the national team, he replied: “No. And I would take it even further than that – and this is not the case with me – I would say that even a supporter of independence could play for Spain. There is no other national team and they’re not against Spain. Spain is a country that’s the hostia [the business] and the people are de puta madre [bloody brilliant], so why not play for Spain? I repeat: it’s not the case with me. But why not? We reduce it to sentiment, but we’re here to help Spain win.”
Lipsitz has been creating that atmosphere in Lexington since he took over the head coaching position prior to the 2009 women’s soccer season at the University of Kentucky. His job was to establish the program as a women’s soccer power, as well as create an environment in which players build and grow to their maximum potential. It’s paid off — the Wildcats have appeared in the SEC tournament in the past six seasons and qualified for the NCAA Tournament in four of the past five seasons.
“When you have that, your team starts to get better and go farther. Like making the NCAA Tournament, and making the second round, and third round. I think people took notice of that and realized like ‘Oh, wow, where did Kentucky come from? I want to go there.’ and then that’s when we started getting real quality into our program.”
It was when the midfield move happened that Lipsitz saw Raetzman’s drive and will and knew she had what it takes to transition to the professional level.
“And so what I started noticing was that she was becoming a student of the game, was asking me who to watch online, and what videos to look at. When you take her incredible intensity and intelligence on the field and her training work ethic, and then you add that piece, which is that film study, that’s when I realized that she knows that [becoming a professional] could happen and she is going to go for it.”
“I had Jon as a coach and I was playing with quality players as well,” Raetzman said. “I think that’s always been in me with wanting to do well in school as I had my sights on trying to play after school as well. I just always wanted to learn more and become a better player, and I knew that it was going to take work rather than just showing up every day.”
“Rory is always looking at people,” said Gilliland. “If he drafts someone from a certain place, he is obviously going to have interest in that area. If you know people and you let him know about them, he is going to take a look. He’s never going to turn a blind eye on someone who came from the same university, and I think Courtney is great for this league.”
Anthony will be devoting an enormous amount of time and effort to the project – post-filming editing takes up far more time and effort than the filming itself – and if his fundraiser isn’t successful (£1,040 more is required at this point) there will be no video record of the conference presentations. Anthony recently posted this on the website:
“I take care of everything for him,” said Walker. “I worry about what’s going to happen to him when I’m not around, and I worry he can’t get his medicine.”
“I wanted to let Congressman Poliquin know how bad his vote for the AHCA hurts my patients. It hurts the older patients the most. It hurts my younger patients. It hurts my patients who get their insurance through the exchanges or through MaineCare or through their workplace insurance,” said Lupinetti. “Maybe I have a billionaire or two that I take care of. Maybe those patients benefit from Congressman Poliquin’s actions, nobody else. Congressman Poliquin is dangerous for seniors. He’s dangerous for Maine.”
In the previous Anonymous China attacks, some targets have had their administrator accounts, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses posted publicly. On many of the hacked sites, the group even posted tips for how to circumvent the Great Firewall of China. Actually trying to take down the Great Firewall of China is a whole other ballgame.
Private equity firm The Carlyle Group took the company public in 2010 and owns 67% of the stock.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
Abraham et al. take great pains to fault the validity of a simple 1D climate model to examine climate sensitivity. But as we state in our paper (and as James Hansen has even written), in the global average all that really matters for the rate of rise of temperature is (1) forcing, (2) feedback, and (3) ocean mixing. These three basic processes can be addressed in a 1D model. Advective processes (horizontal transports) vanish in the global ocean average.
We are very surprised this is even an issue, since we took great pains to point out in our paper that the *effective* diffusivity values we used in the model are meant to represent *all* modes of vertical mixing, not just diffusivity per se. If the authors read our paper, they should know this. And why did the reviewers not catch this basic oversight? Did the reviewers even read our paper to see whether Abraham et al. were misrepresenting what it claimed? Again, the *effective* diffusivity is meant to represent all modes of vertical heat transport (this is also related to point #8, below). All the model requires is a way to distribute heat vertically, and a diffusion-type operator is one convenient method for doing that.
These are our initial reactions after only a quick look at the paper. It will take a while to examine a couple of the criticisms in more detail. For now, the only one we can see which might change our conclusions in a significant way is our assumption that surface temperature changes have the same magnitude as the average temperature change in the top (50 m) layer of the model. In reality, surface changes should be a little larger, which will change the feedback strength. It will take time to address such issues, and we are now under a new DOE contract to do climate model validation.
“This decision for the players to take this stance is not easy, but important to preserve the integrity of our program and ourselves,” Wolitarsky said. “We note that the Holiday Bowl Committee, Washington State and the fans are affected by that decision. To that end, we respectfully request that the Holiday Bowl Committee be patient during this time, while Mark Coyle considers his decision to suspend. We also want to request that Mark Coyle make his decision with due haste.”
After Djam, others followed. She told police she saw a line of men waiting to take turns.
“What they’re selling is their big bundle of programming. In many cases, it comes down to take it or leave it,” Polka said. “Not one of these [cable and satellite] providers wants to be without [channels] carried by their competitors. Consequently, because of the competitive threat we face, we all agree to pay for the bundle.”
The travel Tips from Jane provided are for research and information purposes only, and does not constitute advice or recommendations. Any advice provided by us is general only and does not take into consideration your individual circumstances.
Stained glass calls to mind houses of worship, often depicting saints and martyrs alongside the instruments of their torture and execution. Without sacrificing a reverence for that material, The Ruminant swaps in comic book references, both familiar and obscure, for those heroes of Christianity. Batman takes a knee while tending to a cabbage patch under a victory garden sign; another panel features little known comic hero Tony Chu, an FDA agent who empathically understands the whole life of things he eats. In turning saints to superheroes, Unnasch shows us the echoes connecting them, recalling Joseph Campbell’s hero with a thousand faces.
UFC officials announced the fight booking on Monday and the fight is likely to take place on the main card on FUEL TV.
UFC on FUEL TV 9 takes place on April 6th from the Ericsson Globe Arena in Stockholm, Sweden and will be headlined by Alexander Gustafsson meeting Gegard Mousasi in a five round light heavyweight bout.
When he misbehaved, Garfield Boothe took a belt to his son and encouraged his wife to do so as well.
Instead, they packed and moved all her belongings and those of their infant son into storage. She and the baby would then take a bus to the U.S.
Note that this command may take a while, since the server will have to get the python driver the first time it runs.
You will gain exclusive access to private APIs, individualized mentorship from Audible experts, present your apps in front of Audible CEO Don Katz, and compete to take home the $10,000 Grand Prize.
Rolling Stone, reiterates by stating, "Where meth thrives, so does David Lynchian violence. After zooming, levels of dopamine and serotonin, two of the brain's regulators, plummet; paranoia takes over, and shadow people appear. A lurid meth-related murder happens somewhere around the country every few months."
In many communities, the demand for meth rehab far exceeds treatment capacity. In urban centers, such as Lost Angeles County, large numbers of hard-core addicts never make it into a program because the wait can take up to six months. In California, as many as 8,000 addicts are on waiting lists for a chance at one of 54,000 publicly funded treatment slots--nearly half of which are in Los Angeles County. Studies show that an untreated addict can cost taxpayers as much as $90,000 a year in welfare., medical care, law enforcement and losses resulting in crime, eclipsing the $21,000 annual cost for long-term residential treatment. Addicts who do not receive necessary rehabilitation usually continue using or promote themselves to selling or manufacturing drugs.
Small meth labs, using glass beakers and countertop burners, can be set up and taken down in hours and are notoriously hard to detect. Steve Davis, Bonneville County Sheriff's narcotics investigator says "As bad as cocaine was, meth is worse. Cocaine, you can take out the suppliers and dry up the town...Meth is a lot harder to control."
Although it is a new trend, meth is not an original drug for the new millennium. According to National Trends in Drug Abuse, early in the 1900's, its parent drug, amphetamine, also known as Benzedrine, was used in nasal decongestants and bronchial inhalers and in treatment of depression. narcolepsy, schizophrenia, alcoholism and obesity. In the 1940's, Adolph Hitler took Benzedrine and mixed it with various chemicals to create Methamphetamine. This gave his army the ability to fight for days without food or sleep. Around the same time, Japanese Kamikaze pilots took Methamphetamine to numb fears prior to diving their planes into American ships. In the 60's, as drug use became culturally acceptable, Methamphetamine became widely available through prescriptions and a booming black market. Methamphetamine use waned during the 70's as many overdosed and died. But, in the 80's, Methamphetamine re-appeared and seemed to be spreading like wildfire through the country, being used very casually by many to heighten energy and lose weight quickly. Because meth of today is more pure and potent than it ever was in the past, the drug is even more dangerous and fatal.
For example, take the phrase “I didn’t write anything.”
FluentU takes real-world videos like music videos, commercials, news, and inspiring talks and turns them into Spanish learning experiences.
Alexei Sorokin, the chief executive of the committee, will also assume the chairmanship vacated by Mutko. Sorokin also took Mutko’s spot on the FIFA Council this year after he was blocked from seeking re-election due to his promotion to Russian deputy prime minister.
“We cannot turn a blind eye to that and assume that everything is OK once the campaign is over,” said Azevedo, a Brazilian who has led the global trading body since 2013. “That’s one problem that we have today: Those voices have been there for a while, and nobody ever took the time to really understand it and find a solution for that problem.”
But it never made any economic or marketing sense for U.S. carriers to pour 10,000 seats a month into the U.S.-Cuba air market, as U.S. carrier did initially. The per capita income in Cuba is around $5,500 a year, or roughly one-seventh that of the state of Mississippi, which at just under $37,000 ranked last in 2014 among the 50 states in per capita income. But while Mississippi ranks just 31st in population among the states with just under 3 million residents Cuba’s population of 11.4 million would place it 8th, if it were a state, just behind Ohio and just ahead of Georgia. That means Cuba has, in relative terms, an inordinate number of extremely poor people. Developing profitable traffic demand among such a population likely will take decades, even if they eventually are allowed to travel at will, a right they still don’t have today.
What may come as a surprise to Americans, however, is that the U.S. carriers began their retreat from Cuba well before President Trump announced his policy change. Heck, it began before he even took office. It was obvious very early on after U.S.-Cuba flying began that the passenger traffic numbers were horrendously low.
Admittedly, these weak performance numbers came early on in the lifecycle of U.S.-Cuba air service. And new routes often take time to develop before reaching profitability. But that development has not yet begun. Nor is it likely to any time soon. That’s why carriers are dropping lots of flights and discontinuing service altogether in some cases.
President Trump’s new policy for trading with and traveling to and from Cuba is intended to speed up Cuba’s economic and tourism development by forcing the government to privatize its holdings in the tourism and other industries. The hope is that by removing the financial incentive for those government entities to retain their control over those key economic sectors the Cuban people, likely with financial backing from foreign investors, will take control of those sectors and begin developing a capitalistic system once again on the island. But who knows how long it will take for that happen, if it happens at all?
“We never saw daylight or heard music, and it was normal for girls to fall ill and never be seen again. Sometimes, we used massive industrial irons to press sheets for local hotels. They were raging hot and you had to concentrate hard to make sure your hands didn’t get caught. The steam nearly took your skin off. In the end we got used to getting burned — it was part of everyday life.”
If it didn’t take much to be sent to one of these hellholes, getting out wasn’t so easy.
Eight people fell victim to armed gunmen Friday into Saturday morning in five separate robberies that were reported in different areas of New Orleans. New Orleans police said the armed robberies were reported between 10:30 a.m. Friday and 4 a.m. Saturday in areas including the Upper Ninth Ward and Gentilly. The first robbery was reported just before 10:30 a.m. in the 1100 block of Louisa Street. Police said a 32-year-old man was approached by two or three men who struck him several times with a gun. The robbers took the victim's bicycle and money before leaving. Officials said the second robbery was reported after 2 p.m. in the 5100 block of Arts Street. The victim, a 19-year-old man, was robbed at gunpoint by two people whom police said he knows. The third robbery was reported after 5:30 p.m. in the 6000 block of Wildair Drive. Detectives said two men and a woman were in a vehicle when three men surrounded them. One of the culprits took out a gun and demanded their property. Police said the victims complied and the men left in a vehicle. Over near Delgado Community College, officials said the fourth robbery was reported just after 1:30 a.m. in the 5400 block of Vicksburg Street. Two men with guns approached a 47-year-old man who was sitting on his front porch. Detectives said the man demanded the victim's belongings. The man brought both men inside his home to get his money. Once the robbers were inside, the two met met with another man and demanded his money. Both robbers left the home with items that belonged to the two men, police said. The fifth robbery was reported just after 4 a.m. in the 1800 block of Henriette Delille Street. Detectives said a 57-year-old man was approached by two men, one of whom struck him in the head with a blunt object and demanded his property. Officials said the victim complied and the two robbers left with his bicycle and other property. Additional details about the robberies have not been released. Detectives have not provided descriptions of the robbers. Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
Center Mike Fisher, signed through 2012-13 at a $4.2 million cap hit, is a popular name when other teams phone the Senators these days. His no-movement clause expired last summer, so the Sens are free to deal him. They aren't shopping him, but other teams sure are interested. It would take a pretty good offer to move him. But he's not an untouchable. I believe the Nashville Predators are among the many teams that covet Fisher.
"We took an opportunity with Nabokov for a variety of reasons," said Holland. "A major reason was that he was prepared to do a cap number ($570,000) that would allow us to carry three goalies after March 1. He was UFA, there were no assets I had to give up. He was a Vezina runner-up in 2008. Last year he took his team to the final four. It was a combination of things. It was a unique opportunity. The rest is history. He belongs to the New York Islanders."
Glenn Shriver, 29, pleaded guilty in October to conspiracy to communicate national defense information after admitting he met Chinese officials about 20 times and took about $70,000 from Chinese intelligence officers.
Shriver took the U.S. Foreign Service exam twice at the State Department, failing both times, but the Chinese still paid him $30,000 for his “friendship” and efforts, according to court papers.
"The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness."
When the mind is stilled by Raja Yoga, time--that is to say, psychological time--ceases to exist. For time is relative. It only exists when one thing is taken in relation to another. If I go on a train journey my leaving the train at my destination, taken in relation to my getting in, shows a passage of time. Similarly, if I think of "fruit," and in a split second follow with another thought "apples," time has passed, and I am aware of its passing. But if the mind takes one thought and holds it, one-pointed and still, time is erased; it ceases--psychologically--to exist.
It would make more sense to look for effects not on the ear but rather on that part of the brain that processes auditory information. Cannabis seems to affect the secondary perception of sensory information, not the primary reception of it. Unfortunately, it is considerably harder to study secondary perception because the neural organization underlying it is less accessible to direct experimentation and much less well understood. A working hypothesis is that incoming sensory information (such as auditory signals representing music) normally follows conditioned pathways through the secondary perception network in order to get to consciousness. Under Cannabis, which might interfere with this normal processing, information may take novel routes to consciousness and thus be perceived in novel ways. Such a model would explain why users often say that under Cannabis they see things for the first time "as they really are," or why they dwell on aspects of complex visual or auditory stimuli they would ordinarily ignore. 7
Because marijuana is such an unimpressive pharmacological agent, it is not a very interesting drug to study in a laboratory. Pharmacologists cannot get a handle on it with their methods, and because they cannot see the reality of the non-material state of consciousness that users experience, they are forced to design experimental situations very far removed from the real world in order to get measurable effects. There are three conditions under which marijuana can be shown to impair general psychological performance in laboratory subjects. They are:Under any of these three conditions, pharmacologists can demonstrate that marijuana impairs performance. And if we look at the work being done by NIMH-funded researchers, all of it fulfills one or more of these conditions. In addition, the tests being used by these scientists are designed to look for impairments of functions that have nothing to do with why marijuana users put themselves in an altered state of consciousness. People who get high on marijuana do not spontaneously try to do arithmetic problems or test their fine coordination.What pharmacologists cannot make sense of is that people who are high on marijuana cannot be shown, in objective terms, to be different from people who are not high. That is, if a marijuana user is allowed to smoke his usual doses and then to do things he has had a chance to practice while high, he does not appear to perform any differently from someone who is not high. Now, this pattern of users performing better than nonusers is a general phenomenon associated with all psychoactive drugs. For example, an alcoholic will vastly outperform a nondrinker on any test if the two are equally intoxicated; he has learned to compensate for the effects of the drug on his nervous system. But compensation can proceed only so far until it runs up against a ceiling imposed by the pharmacological action of the drug on lower brain centers. Again, since marijuana has no clinically significant action on lower brain centers, compensation can reach 100 percent with practice.These considerations mean that there are no answers to questions like, What does marijuana do to driving ability? The only possible answer is, It depends. It depends on the person - whether he is a marijuana user, whether he has practiced driving while under the influence of marijuana. In speaking to legislative and medical groups, I have stated a personal reaction to this question in the form of the decision I would make if I were given the choice of riding with one of the following four drivers:I would unhesitatingly take driver number three as the best possible risk. One may wonder how many drivers of types one and two are on our highways. Probably many. But there is some consolation in the fact that persons learning to do things under the influence of marijuana almost always are anxious about their performance and therefore tend to err on the side of overcaution.The tendency for novice users of marijuana to imagine that their psychological functioning is disrupted to a much greater degree than it actually is, is most noticeable in conection with subtle changes in speech. People who are high on marijuana seem to have to do slightly more work that usual to remember moment to moment the logical thread of what they are saying. This change manifests itself in two ways: as a tendency to forget what one started out to say, especially following an interruption, and a tendency to go off on irrelevant tangents. Zinberg, Nelson and I were able to pick up these changes in tape recordings of our Boston subjects, but I must emphasize the adjective subtle in describing them. Someone not specially trained to listen for these changes would not hear them. Interestingly enough, however, marijuana users themselves often imagine they are not making sense and become anxious about other people guessing that they are high. Some users experience this subjective anxiety about speech most intensely when they are talking on the telephone. Here is a quote from such a user (a twenty-four-year-old male medical student), which Zinberg and I included in a paper published in Nature in 1969:Probably, the subtle difficulties in speech that high users pay great attention to are themselves manifestations of a change in a more general psychological function called immediate memory. It seems valid to distinguish three kinds of memory in man. The first has been termed immediate and seems to cover events of the past few seconds only. It is as if all information coming into the brain is held in some location for a very short time before a decision is made about where to store it. If it is to be filed in an accessible place, it passes to a second storage location called recent memory, where it may remain for days or, perhaps, weeks; otherwise it is salted away out of reach of ordinary consciousness. Eventually, if it is to be kept in an accessible place for a longer time, it moves to a third long-term storage location, which is the permanent memory file. Each of these locations has active connections to ordinary consciousness so that memories may be quickly retrieved from all of them in our normal waking state.In senile dementia, the classic psychological change is loss of recent memory with sparing of immediate and long-term memory. A senile patient can remember a string of numbers read to him long enough to recite them back and can go into autobiographical detail about his childhood. He cannot remember the date or the events of the previous day. By contrast, in certain forms of post-traumatic amnesia, immediate and recent memory are spared, but information filed prior to the trauma cannot be retrieved from the long-term memory storage. A person high on marijuana seems to have difficulty remembering what happened in the past few seconds, and the subtle speech changes reflect this difficulty. Furthermore, it looks as if a significant disturbance of immediate memory retrieval has few noticable consequences in terms of behavior, although it may cause great anxiety in the mind of the person experiencing it.This last observation raises an interesting question. Is the problem disturbance of immediate memory or anxiety about this change? Most people who have read the hypothesis Zinberg and I first presented in Nature have drawn the conclusion that marijuana interferes with immediate memory. In fact, the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, in testimony before Congress in 1970, used our results to support the statement that "more recent studies . . . in which researchers have learned some troublesome facts . . . make it impossible to give marijuana a clean bill of health."I would once have gone along with this kind of reasoning, but the more I have thought about the matter, the more it has become clear to me that it is not useful to think of marijuana as interfering with one's awareness of the immediate past.For one thing, disturbance of immediate memory seems to be a common feature of all altered states of consciousness in which attention is focused on the present. It can be noticed in hypnotic and other trances, meditation, mystic ecstasies, and highs associated with all drugs. Therefore, to call marijuana the cause of the phenomenon is probably unwise. In addition, the phrase disturbance of immediate memory bristles with negativity. Is it a negative description of a condition that might just as well be looked at positively? I believe so. In fact, the ability to live entirely in the present, without paying attention to the immediate past or future, is precisely the goal of meditation and the exact aim of many religious disciplines. The rationale behind living in the present is stated in ancient Hindu writing and forms a prominent theme of Buddhist and Christian philosophy as well: to the extent that consciousness is diverted into the past and future -- both of which are unreal -- to that extent is it unavailable for use in the real here and now. Consequently, monastic systems of all faiths have used devices like gongs and bells to focus the consciousness of the novice on the immediate reality of the present, and contemporary instructional materials on mental and spiritual development stress the same theme. Here are a few examples:Thus the pharmacological way of thinking leads to the formulation of a hypothesis built upon an incorrect causal attribution and a negatively biased description of a phenomenon assigned great value in other ways of thinking. The pharmacologist says marijuana interferes with immediate memory, and by using tests in which one is penalized for not paying full attention to the past, the pharmacologist can produce evidence to document his hypothesis. The National Institute of Mental Health is supporting this kind of research with money appropriated by Congress. It is not funding research designed to look for the positive advantages of having one's full awareness focused on the present.In a similar way, all other psychological effects of marijuana turn out to be common features of altered states of consciousness unassociated with drugs, and whenever pharmacologist describes them in negative ways, it is possible to look at them positively from the point of conscious experience. The perceptual changes reported by marijuana users are another example. Here again is an apparent paradox since all testing to date has failed to show any objective changes in sensory function during acute marijuana intoxication. If pharmacologists paid closer attention to what users say, they would find their way out of this paradox. There is no indication from persons high on marijuana that their sense organs are working differently from usual. Rather, the change seems to be in what they do with incoming sensory information. For instance, many users claim that listening to music is more interesting and pleasurable when they are high. They do not claim that they hear tones of lower volume or that they can better discriminate between pitches of tones. Yet all of the testing of auditory function under marijuana has been aimed at the ear--at auditory thresholds, pitch discrimination, and the like.In 1969, when I still thought as a pharmacologist in my professional life, I wrote the following paragraph in an article, "Cannabis," published in England in Science Journal:I now realize that altered secondary perception of sensory information is intrinsic to all altered states of consciousness, whether triggered by drugs or not. Therefore, it no longer seems profitable to me to try to understand how marijuana "causes" the effect. In addition, I no longer subscribe to the negative hypothesis that marijuana interferes with normal processing of perceptual data. Rather, I observe that in altered states of consciousness, one frequently gains the ability to interpret his perceptions in new ways and that this ability seems to be the key to freedom from bondage to the senses. For example, hypnotic anesthesia is nothing more than another way of perceiving pain. The patient, fully aware but in a state of focused consciousness, learns the "trick" of separating the pain itself from his reaction to it. He is thus free to perceive the pain in a novel way - something going on "out there" but not hurting. (One hypnotist I know produces this state with the suggestion that "the hurt is going out of the pain.")Furthermore, the ability to produce anesthesia at will (a power frequently demonstrated by adepts at yoga) may be no more than a trifling use of this freedom to experience sensations in other ways. Once one learns the process, he may become aware of many more useful things to do with it than ignore pain. For example, the conscious experience of unity behind the diversity of phenomena - said by sages and mystics of all centuries to be the most blissful and uplifting of human experiences - may require nothing more than a moment's freedom to stand back from the inrush of sensory information and look at it in a different way from usual. If all the so-called psychological effects of marijuana are really not attributable to marijuana, and if the physical effects that are attributable to it are so unimpressive, what, then, is marijuana? To my mind, the best term for marijuana is active placebo - that is, a substance whose apparent effects on the mind are actually placebo effects in response to minimal physiological action. Pharmacologists sometimes use active placebos (in contrast to inactive placebos like sugar pills) in drug testing; for example, nicotinic acid, which causes warmth and flushing, has been compared with hallucinogens in some laboratory experiments. But pharmacologists do not understand that all psychoactive drugs are really active placebos since the psychic effects arise from consciousness, elicited by set and setting, in response to physiological cues.Thus, for most marijuana users, the occasion of smoking a joint becomes an opportunity or excuse for experiencing a mode of consciousness that is available to everyone all the time, even though many people do not know how to get high without using a drug. Not surprisingly, regular marijuana users often find themselves becoming high spontaneously. (The pharmacologist invokes "residual concentrations of Cannabis constituents in the body" to explain this observation.) The user who correctly interprets the significance of his spontaneous highs takes the first step away from dependence on the drug to achieve the desired state of consciousness and the first step toward freer use of his own nervous system. All drugs that seem to give highs behave this way; all are active placebos. But the less physiological noise, the easier it is for a user to understand the true nature of drugs and their highly indirect relationship to states of consciousness. Alcohol users are less likely to find themselves spontaneously high because they have come to think that "high" includes all the pharmacological noise of alcohol. At the same time, marijuana, while providing a better opportunity to make the jump to drugless highs, is more insidious as a creator of illusion, for it enables the user to pretend that he is not really dependent on it at the same time that it reinforces the notion that highs come in joints, an irony that recalls another unsettling comment of C. S. Lewis' Screwtape: "Nowhere do we tempt so successfully as on the very steps of the altar."
But rather than take her concerns seriously, the sergeant dismissed them--and even used his mother's phone call to berate Marquez, taunting him about it.
He remembers the car advancing toward a checkpoint. "I was the gunner on the Humvee. I told my sergeant I was going to give them a warning shot, and I shot some warning rounds. We didn't know what it was, so I had to take the car out," Marquez said. He killed the driver, an old man, and a child who was about 11.
There’s still no estimate for when online enrollment will be available, and officials are now urging people who need or want insurance to fill out a paper application or an online PDF and send it in as soon as possible. Applications are being processed by hand — a process that’s likely to take weeks, rather than the minutes that the website promised.
“It is a complex system,” Kitzhaber said at a recent news conference when asked whether the state took on too much complexity. “But I think once we get through this initial rollout phase it’s going to be a real asset for us.”
The Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF) took delivery of its first F-35A fighter jets this year through the U.S. Foreign Military Sales Program. (…) Japan’s Ministry of Defense selected the F-35A in December 2011 following the F-X competitive bidding process. (…) The JASDF is expected to induct a total of 42 new F-35As in the coming years. Another U.S. ally, South Korea, will begin receiving its first F-35As in 2018. The South Korean government has ordered 40 F-35A aircraft with delivery expected to be completed by 2021. South Korea has been considering procuring 20 additional F-35As.
Elsa did not want a bra. At all. And dear lord the shop assistant's face when she noticed that Elsa was wearing a collar was... wow. Anna regretted not forcing Elsa to take it off that morning, but the damage was done. The blonde had argued against it being removed—out of all her items of clothing, she felt most naked without it on. She actually freaked out a little.
"Elsa not have home, so Anna take Elsa to Anna's home. Elsa met Sven and Sven and made snowmen and biscetti." She looked up and grinned. "And now Elsa happy coz Elsa have Anna."
[…] Two two sources briefed on the meeting told The New York Times that Bannon met with Rebekah Mercer, the daughter of major Republican donor Robert Mercer, last Friday. According to the newspaper, the meeting took place in Mercer’s office at Cambridge Analytica in New York and focused on possibilities for Bannon if he decides to leave the White House. (read more)
In his first days as Trump’s Attorney General, Sessions withdrew a request to halt an order against the Obama administration’s protections for transgender students. The 781 parents, representing the thousands of families of transgender children across the country, write, “No young person should wake up in the morning fearful of the school day ahead. When this guidance was issued last year, it provided our families — and other families like our own across the country — with the knowledge and security that our government was determined to protect our children from bullying and discrimination. Please do not take that away from us.”
“Just 48 hours after the confirmation of his anti-equality attorney general, Donald Trump’s administration directly attacked LGBTQ equality and took aim at the rights of transgender youth,” said HRC President Chad Griffin. “This disgraceful action exposes transgender students to harassment and discrimination and emboldens bullies from classrooms to state legislatures. These 781 courageous parents are asking that the federal government protect their children at school, something that all families deserve. We stand with these parents and urge President Trump and Attorney General Sessions to listen to families across the country demanding basic fairness and respect for every child.”
A day after employees took to social media sharing firsthand stories suggesting IBM had begun a large round of job cuts, a source within the company told CRN on Thursday the layoffs will not be nearly as widespread as some feared.
IBM "continues to demonstrate the way to get to personalization in the world is by taking cloud platforms and infusing them with cognition and delivering them as a service. Much of what they do seems to reinforce this," Goodman said. "I fully expect IBM and other more established players in the digital age to take on new roles in the ecosystem in a nontraditional way to their DNA."
White says the meeting was similar to conversations he’s had about Nelson in private and public, and that his long term goals for him are always the same: take fighting more seriously, get in shape, and make a run at this thing or it may not work out.
Breazeal, a keynoter here, is dead serious about Jibo's future as a humanized robotic member of the household, an engaging companion to teach first grade math to your kid, to remind grandma to take her medicine and to make sure you get the groceries you need.
Breazeal expects you to like your new roommate: "The human-robot relationship is going to be different than the human-human, human-technology or human-dog relationships. But they're going to take on attributes of all those categories and maybe something totally new. People will actually delight in their Jibo."
What makes it hard is the intuitive aspect of it - knowing the direction you want to take based on the limited information you have at the moment. Additionally, it's communicating the results and showing why your analysis is right that makes this all the more difficult - doing it deeply, at scale, and in a consistent fashion.
As an example, take a look at the below table.
"This is serious. The only thing you can do to prevent it is turn off your phone. Someone could pretty quickly take over every iPhone in the world with this."
Hello all,Thanks for checking out our 15th devblog! Progress is moving along nicely on 0.10.xx. We've had some feedback and the issues found are being worked on. If you're testing 0.9.22, please share any issues you find on our tracker or come share on our Discord. Below we'll discuss a few upcoming features and exactly what the team has been working on.As we discussed a bit last week, we're having a revamp on all the current structure windows. The system in place is universal which allows us to create a prefab that we can constantly update and all in game structures are affected. Our windows have always lacked any depth beyond being able to fortify them. As with most of our features, they've been in place as a base for some time but are now getting some attention and improvements.Previously, windows had no glass, no inner structure and were just an open framed hole in the wall. We've added glass and wood cross panels.This adds a great deal of depth to a structure. It also creates an additional barrier and block for the player. Players could previously make a quick escape by jumping through an open window. Now players and zombies alike will need to deal with the glass and framework.Our current kitchens are a bit static and they're also rather massive in scale. They're original models from a way's back. The team and community felt the need for an upgrade. @Rik Konings has been hard at work re-working all of our kitchen models. We'll be introducing these in coming updates with continued design work. These kitchen cabinets and appliances/fixtures will be animated. The player will see doors open or animate slightly to add a bit of life to the world.We'll soon be introducing scrap metal piles, a plan we've had from the concept. You'll see them all around the world but mostly at starting camps (also being introduced shortly). These piles will allow the player to scavenge them for chance to pick up some scrap metal. These metal scraps will be used to create a wide variety of starting items in game including axe heads, hammer heads, machetes and the newly introduced canteen.We're reworking and properly introducing our achievement system. There's a core system in place now but it needed to be shored up and Jayty has that sorted now. You'll be seeing working achievements in upcoming builds. Our new media/design intern Ids has also begun reworking our actual achievement artwork below you can see some of his concepts and our current direction with them.Jiras workflow allows us to break what needs to be done up into bit sized pieces. Large tasks are called epics and the team will set out a large set of these to work off. Each epic may have numerous issues within. Cooking Improvements, for example, would be an epic, inside of which could be numerous ‘issues’ - Import New Cooking Grill, Create Tinder from Cloth Recipe and so on. These issues are grouped together and placed into what Jira calls a sprint. The team creates these sprints based on how many points (these points basically set a difficulty level) they feel each task or issue within will take them to resolve or develop. We typically create two week long sprints. Two of them per update with a week or two to allow for revisement.Yesterday the team finished up the 'Final Fantasy' sprint and begun work on the 'Goldeneye' sprint. Below you can see exactly what went into the coming update's first sprint, Final FantasyWe'll go over how the current sprint is going, talk a little about starting camps and discuss vehicles! Believe it or not the core of the reworked backbone for vehicles will be going in very soon (some already have). The team is reworking all things vehicles and we're very excited to get the ball rolling. Here's what we're currently poking around in, for testing purposes of course! ;)Thanks much for checking on our development of Survive the Nights and, as always, thank you for the continued support. The project has come a long way and we're excited for the coming months leading up to our public alpha release!Discord: https://discord.gg/survivethenights Forum: https://community.survivethenights.net Twitter: https://twitter.com/STNgame Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/STNgame YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/a2zinteractive Website: https://www.survivethenights.net
Well, the neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville took place, and the same people who some have spent months dismissing as closet racists were on the front line, risking bodily harm to stand up against white supremacy. The International Socialist Organization (ISO) and Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) were part of the counter-protest, and their flags flew high after the alt-right marchers had gone. The DSA started a fundraiser to cover the injuries sustained by those attacked at the event, which has raised $138,000 as of the time of writing. Two of its members were injured in the attack on the protests. So were the family members of a staffer at Truthout, a publication that was critical of Clinton during the 2016 election, and one of whose journalists has featured on the “Trumpian Leftism” Tumblr as a “Bernie Bro” and alt-left member.
The Left are neither supporters of white supremacy, nor supporters of Trump, and they never have been. But if liberals join the Left, they can help take the fight to the far right and end the seemingly neverending string of political violence committed by white supremacists. Uniting around this issue is a moral imperative.
Customer: “I take a bit of honey each night before bed. And every morning there is a ring of honey on the nightstand where it has leaked out of the jar.”
“I have to admit, that was very brave of Mr. Gheen. Outing someone usually takes the kind of courage only displayed by male prostitutes paid by tabloid magazines,” quipped Colbert in his “The Word” segment Thursday.
But the potential conflicts may be most acute at the Department of Justice. Whether the Department of Justice walks away from an investigation or takes a hard line against Deutsche Bank, its every move will be scrutinized as either too tough or too weak.
This is racism, not Buddhism by Sanitsuda Ekachai, The Bangkok Post, Sept 5, 2012 Bangkok, Thailand -- How do you feel when you see rows of stern-looking Buddhist monks marching through the streets in full force to call for violent treatment of the downtrodden? << Myanmar Buddhist monks rally on the streets of Mandalay (AFP) That was what thousands of Myanmar monks did when they took to the streets in temple-studded Mandalay on Sunday to support the government's brutal persecution of stateless Muslim Rohingya. What were they thinking? The world is full of injustice. But isn't it the business of monks to advise against it, and not to be supportive of any form of prejudice and human cruelty? Aren't empathy and non-exploitation the key words in Buddhism? Aren't monks supposed to devote their lives to deepening spiritual practice in order to see through the different layers of we-they prejudice so that compassion prevails in their hearts, words, and actions? Many people outside Myanmar were asking these questions because the anti-Rohingya monks were the same ones who dared challenge the government in 2007 to champion the people's cause, and who themselves faced a violent crackdown by the military junta. If the Buddha's words were not important to them when they took to the streets, then what was? The answer is quite simple - racist nationalism. The monks do want justice for people, but just for their own kind. As part of the dominant ethnic Bama Buddhists, they believe deeply the dark-skinned Rohingya are illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, aggressive outsiders who will steal land from the Buddhist folk. The monks therefore feel that it is just to support the government to eliminate the perceived threats to their motherland, their ethnicity, and their religion. Call it patriotism, ultra-nationalism, ethnic prejudice, or racism. Whichever the label, it is mired in the we-they prejudice that divides people, fosters hatred, and triggers violence - everything Buddhism cautions against. But should people who live in glass houses throw stones? Our monks may still stop short of marching in the streets to call for the elimination of Malay Muslim separatists, but they have done so several times to call for a law which will help them retain supremacy over other religions. Every time I cover their Buddhism-for-national-religion campaigns, I never fail to hear their deep suspicions of Islam. Meanwhile, bombs have blasted and killed people for eight years running in the restive South, yet we never hear our monks mentioning any concern about justice for the locals, nor for the need to open political space for Malay Muslims to voice their needs, address inequalities, and to extinguish the root causes of ethnic frustration and violence. Instead, we see monks taking the defensive and dangerous route of ordaining soldiers to increase their number while allowing temples to be used as barracks. Like their peers in Myanmar, our monks are in full support of the military to maintain the supremacy of the Buddhist majority. If violence must be used in this suppression, so be it. But Thailand is also witnessing a rapid growth of lay Buddhism which focuses on meditation retreats and core Buddhist teachings. Can this movement act as a voice of sensibility when the country is mired in political divisiveness? If that's your expectation, be prepared to be disappointed. For its members, too, generally share the belief that the elimination of perceived threats is necessary, like the need to eliminate germs and diseases to restore one's health. When this is your mindset - left or right, red or yellow, pro-or anti-establishment - you'll believe the use of hate speech, half truths, and violence by your camp is perfectly all right. No, we are not Buddhists. We may pray to the Buddha and close our eyes to meditate, but what shapes our thoughts, words, and actions is ideological extremism of all different shades. The Buddha's path leads to peaceful co-existence and sharing. Ideological extremism leads to control, suppression, and winner-takes-all. If left to fester, ideological extremism and race-based nationalism will breed more violence. The country's goal of regional integration will be sheer nonsense. And for both monks and lay Buddhists, all those longs hours of meditation will be simply wasted.
Tom Hiddleston was JUST ABOUT to give us the lowdown on what REALLY happened between him and Taylor swift, but whaaaat?? Nicole Kidman cut him off! Ok, so that may have been an over exaggeration on the content of the interview. Sadly, Tom was not about to reveal inside info on Hiddleswift, but Nicole DID really hijack Tom’s interview. So, Tom was really talking to the Golden Globes about his character in ‘The Night Manager.’ But right behind him, Nicole Kidman and her husband Keith Urban were greeting other stars on the red carpet. That’s when the actress came over and took over the interview. Apparently, she wanted Tom to be DONE. Tom tried to play off the awkward moment by actually interviewing Nicole, who looked slightly embarrassed by what she’d just done. But the actress did reveal why she had interrupted the interview. Well, we certainly enjoyed it. Did you? Let us know below.
Felix Petriconi and Sean Parent have been working on a the stlab library for quite some time. stlab takes the best of the various future implementations std::future (C++11), std::future (C++14) or boost::future, and adds a bit of it owns features on top of it. For instance, stlabs supports passing explicit executors to control where async will execute the tasks, and where the continuation associated with then will be executed too. Executors are akin to event-loops (or message-pumps in the .Net world) that will process the tasks.
Let's take a situation where you would need to implement a serialise function for a bunch of unrelated types. Would rather use the implementation 1?
Similar protests were witnessed at Pulwama in south Kashmir, which the police countered with tear gas shells. The Valley has been witnessing sporadic clashes since April 17, when thousands of college and school students took out protests against alleged police high-handedness in dealing with students at the Degree College in Pulwama. Many respected people from the Valley, including senior journalist Shujaat Bukhari, have expressed their disapproval over students indulging in violence. “Appeal to students. Please go back to classrooms. Protest is registered. We need you educated,” the scribe posted on Facebook.
“Faced with events this big... which must take place in conditions of security and which at the same time should be a celebration.... we have to ensure security,” the prime minister said at the time.
Building quality software is never easy. It requires skills and imagination. We cannot promise to improve your skills, but when it comes to User Interface, we can provide the building blocks to take your application a step closer to your imagination. Explore the leading UI suites for ASP.NET and Windows Forms. Enjoy the versatility of our new-generation Reporting Tool. Dive into our online community. Visit www.telerik.com.
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – The taxi driver involved in the case of slain 19-year-old Carl Arnaiz surfaced on Sunday, September 10, saying that a robbery indeed took place. But he said the killing of Arnaiz seemed "staged."
Bagcal said he took Arnaiz to the police station located along 9th Avenue. He claimed that police did not ask him questions about the robbery, and only asked him about his age, birthdate, address, and details of the cab he was driving – which would mean that police fabricated the rest of the information in his first affidavit.
This is the largest strike in the mining sector since the Marikana strike in 2012. South Africa is the leading supplier of the world’s platinum, and the strike is expected to take a toll on its economy.
DESVARIEUX: You mentioned Marikana and the massacre that took place there. Can you speak a little bit more about the significance of the strike being launched from that location?
On Saturday, a struggle exposition is going to take place in Johannesburg, hosted by the metalworkers, to try to compare notes amongst hundreds of the leading activists in South Africa. And that may mean that the ANC, not in the coming election, but in future elections, municipal elections in 2016 or national election, 2019, may be faced with the Workers Party. Currently, they’re faced with one political threat from the left, the Economic Freedom Fighters, led by Julius Malema, who was a very militant youth leader in the ruling party, and he was kicked out, partly for corruption, but mainly because he questioned the conservatism in the ruling party. And this all means that on the left, quite a lot of explosions are happening. Some say this is the transition from the so-called war of position to a war of movement, to use the terms of Antonio Gramsci. And meanwhile on the right, this week has also seen a merger of the two main classically liberal or, some may say, neoliberal free-market oriented parties, one led by Steve Bico’s former partner, Mamphela Ramphele, the other by the traditionally white centrist party, the Democratic Alliance. And that may mean that this right wing could consolidate some 20 to 25 percent of the vote, and in the May or June election (it’s not yet been called), the ANC may fall from 66 down to the low 50s. And that remains to be seen, but to me it would appear likely that the ruling party is now possibly going to start fragmenting quite badly.
Markets are persistent. There’s no central point of control that can be taken down, either by outside actors or internal ones. Funds aren’t centrally controlled. There’s no central authority to trust and no jackpot to steal. Individuals control their funds directly and likely use multisig for transactions. No fees. Trade occurs directly between parties; there’s no site operator to take a cut. No data aggregation. Site operators (and data thieves) profit from aggregation of data on centralized systems, but there’s no single trove of data on decentralized systems. Trust and reputation are dynamic. In a centralized system, you are forced to trust the site operators, and the reputation system is static (as determined by site operators). In a decentralized system, you aren’t forced to trust any parties, and reputation systems can emerge without any control or censorship by central authorities.
PSG may find that there are lots of clubs willing to take their money for overpriced players but there will be even more cheering should UEFA use them as a high profile example.
Trump -- never one to take stories of rejection lightly -- also denied ever personally asking Kasich to be his running mate in a tweet.
Joshua Sharfstein, deputy commissioner of the FDA, said the outbreak underlines the need for the Senate to pass a food-safety bill that has stalled since the House approved it last year. The bill would require companies such as Basic Food Flavors to take actions aimed at preventing contamination in the first place.
ISIS has been able to take military advantage of a political power vacuum as Iraq’s Prime Minister Nouri Maliki struggles to form a government after recent elections. ISIS wants to overthrow the Iraqi and Syrian Governments and establish a Sunni Muslim Caliphate in the Middle East.
It has been exercising informal control of Nineveh province, where Mosul is situated, for months. The Iraqi Parliament has declared a State of Emergency. The Prime Minister called for the Iraqi people to volunteer, and take up arms to defend the country. He also called on international organizations to support Iraq in maintaining peace, and on neighbouring countries to protect their boundaries, and not let “terrorists” enter Iraq.
Last Friday, 6 June, an estimated 3,000 fighters of ISIS entered Mosul. They killed many people, including 21 policemen. Local security forces fled from these attackers. According to sources on the ground in Mosul, army and police personnel took off their uniforms so as not to be identified.
Local media say militants took 70 female students hostage at the University of Mosul, and took 28 Turkish truck drivers hostage in the city. About 3,000 prisoners were reported to have been freed from the main jails.
“Where did they take my car?” Tomas said in an interview. “And for what purpose? What if it was involved in an accident somewhere?”
Later, when toll charges for the 407 ETR arrived in his mail, Tomas, with the Star’s help, dug into a story that for many will conjure references to the 1980s flick Ferris Bueller’s Day Off , when Ferris and his friends, playing hooky from school, took a Ferrari for a joyride.
In May of this year, he had two red Mazdas he was preparing to sell. On a recommendation, Tomas took the first one, a Mazda 6, to a Scarborough detailing shop called Avenue Rentals and Detailing.
Tomas was disappointed the police did not take up the case. He remained concerned with his car’s whereabouts those five days in June.
It begs the question: Why would he take a second car to Kuganesan for detailing if he was not happy with the work done on the first one?
After several follow-up calls from Tomas, Toronto police recently took a full report.
Open Road has not yet announced a new release date for Snowden. THR‘s sources indicate the film isn’t done yet, so the delay should give Stone more time to finish up. Unfortunately, the release date change also takes Snowden out of the running for this year’s Oscar race. (Gordon-Levitt might remain part of the Oscar conversation, though, as he’s also got Robert Zemeckis’ The Walk due out later this year.)
Chapter 3: The most violent episode so far. Great battle scene in Carentan. It also takes time to show the soldiers after they get back to England, and for the ones that didnt. It forcuses on the horrors of war and sticks to Blithe to make that point.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
As an exuberant Clinton took the stage in Columbia to shouts of “Hillary!” and “Madam President!”, she was beating her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders roughly three-to-one in the polls. It’s a loss the Sanders campaign can’t spin as anything but what it is.
At another point, she took a swipe at Trump’s trademark slogan. “We don’t need to make America great again. America has never stopped being great,” she said, adding: “We do need to make America whole again.” It’s a positive message which, in this election, is a rare commodity.
It took centuries to carve out all the rock walls. Marble from this site was used to build the New York Public Library, The Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Harvard's medical school to name just a few of the buildings.
Dorset resident Art Gilbert was a frequent visitor in the 1930s. “On hot days like this we would take off from the house across the valley and we had the quarry pretty much to ourselves," Gilbert recalls. "I remember seeing the farmers come over for a dip after a hot day in the fields haying."
That’s because GCIA has only one passenger flight -- Allegiant Airlines Flight 650. It flies nonstop from Sanford, Fla., to Gary, where passengers unload and new passengers board. Allegiant changes the flight number to 651, and the plane takes off and heads back to Sanford.
But after another hour, the approximately 140 passengers booked for Sanford were boarded, and the plane took off, not to return for three days.
In this chart, every takeoff or landing is counted separately. For example, if a plane lands at an airport, and then takes off two hours later, it would count twice on this chart.
Twenty five of the top robotics organizations in the world were competing for $3.5 million in prizes, and took on a gruelling simulated disaster-response course during the two day contest.
The IHMC robot takes a fall while trying to negotiate a set of uneven blocks during the robo-olympics in California
For example, residents of countries and American states with higher levels of income inequality are less likely to believe that most people can be trusted. There are a few reasons that might be the case. Yawning income gaps could cause communities to segregate along class lines, preventing the rich and poor from mingling. The wealthy might come to believe the poor just want to take their money. The poor might believe they're being exploited.
The Call to Arms statue is easily one of the best attempts at capturing Frank Miller's distinctive art style. This Batman is grim, gritty, and bulging with muscle and sinew. But it's the horse that takes the piece to another level. It gives the piece mass, making it easily one of DC's larger Batman statues. And it tells a story of Batman charging into battle and rallying an army to save a powerless Gotham City.
In earlier times, film production workflows generally used blue as a key colour to remove, though Walt Disney studios (which famously took on visual effects work for Alfred Hitchcock’s chiller The Birds) used a sodium-based process which keyed on yellow – however, its greater accuracy was offset by the complexity and weight of the equipment required, and the sodium process never gained widespread industry popularity.
Mosul-The elegant columns of a west Mosul church stand plastered with ISIS propaganda after the jihadists’ infamous religious police took over the Christian place of worship.
“Even if such provisions are removed, forced marriage may continue unofficially as it has in many countries. The authorities should take steps to change the discriminatory attitudes and stigma that fuel forced marriages of rape survivors to their rapists.”
"If it would have gone the twelve rounds, I was gonna get it. Other than knocking me out, he wasn’t gonna get it. They know my fighting style but I look at it like it was probably a blessing for me to go down on that motorcycle because say if I would have taken that fight with him, I know I would have won but I would have been taking punches like I always took punches and I thought I could have been brain dead. I could have been messed up, talking all kind of crazy. So I thank God and it is what it is."
With one last Pro League spot remaining, it’ll all come down to the HCS Pro League LCQ. We know many teams are anxiously awaiting these details, and we’re working with partners to lock down specifics and announce final details as soon as possible – stay tuned for LCQ info this coming week. The competition will be fierce, and we can’t wait to see who will take the final spot.
And don’t forget, you can test your own skills alongside the rest of the world by jumping into the HCS Summer Preview playlist in Halo 5 right now to try out version 1 of the Summer Season settings. Who knows, maybe you’ll discover you’ve got what it takes to be raising that championship trophy next year…
All it takes to redeem whiteness is a four-minute YouTube video. That there is an unself-conscious celebration of booze, sex, hip-hop and partying in this video attests to a particular kind of freedom that white folks have to conceptualize and think of youth as a time of rebellion, lawlessness and testing the boundaries.
Much is at stake for Amazon in India, where it plans to invest more than $5 billion as it takes on home-grown Flipkart and Snapdeal for a bigger share of the internet services market in the world’s fastest growing major economy.
I’ll repeat this happy news, since it’s not exactly the message we ladies have received lo these many years: If you get a good education and take time to establish your career and your life as a self-supporting adult, current research shows that you’re not only more likely to marry, you’re more likely to stay married. Oh, and you’ll make more money too.
But that doesn’t mean you’re overly obsessed with your career—it probably means you’re just not that into Todd. You don’t break up with someone you love because “work is crazy.” When you’re in love, you steal whatever precious moments you can. You drive them to the airport so you can have that time on the freeway together. You make out on street corners before dashing back to the office. You have the company car take you straight to their apartment at eleven p.m., and then have it pick you up from there at five a.m. Friends and family are neglected. Houseplants wither and die. Bills go unpaid; dishes unwashed. But you find time for each other.
The themes of the images range from generally upbeat to downright sinister, or even dark and desperate. Kelly recognizes that not everyone will understand the tone of every photograph. Yet, she's willing to take the scorn that has come as some of the collection's darker photos have been shared online.
Pebble Time's new microphone lets you send voice replies to incoming notifications* or take short voice notes. We used the latest technology to maintain water resistance so you can swim or surf with Pebble Time (we do not, however, recommend talking underwater).
Your timeline takes an incredible amount of information and makes it super easy to access.
(NEW) UI framework to create beautiful applications that take advantage of color and animations
From: sbwhoeop[Redacted] To: H: Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:03] 2009 Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid CONFIDENTIAL October 8, 2009 For: Hillary From: Sid Re: Latest/N. Ireland After five hours of talk at Downing Street tonight, Thursday, October 8, Shaun Woodward tells me that it seems Gordon Brown has brokered a financial package with Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness that may in turn break the deadlock of devolution of policing and justice. They have covered the major issues in stage two in their discussions. On Monday, Brown will formally set out the details in a letter to Robinson and McGuinness. Gordon will share these with you when you meet with him on Sunday at Chequers. Shaun says that both Robinson and McGuinness, subject to some minor details, should be in a position to recommend to Unionists and Nationalists that this is a strong deal. The letter will confirm the details. [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] I hope that’s right. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:04] 2009 Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid Pls print. Sent: Thursday, October 08, 2009 8:10:04 PM To: Humamabedin[Redacted] Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. [Northern Ireland] negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid Attachments: hrc memo n. ireland 100809.docx *** From: sbwhoeop[Redacted] To: H Sent: Sun Oct 11 [8:46:43] 2009 Subject: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid CONFIDENTIAL October 11, 2009 For: Hillary From: Sid Re: Your speech and meeting on Monday I have not seen your speech obviously that you will deliver Monday morning at Stormont. Shaun tells me that it’s a good speech, and you’re right not to instruct the parties what to do but to encourage them to address why completing devolution needs to be done [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] That’s it. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Monday Oct 12 02:06:15 2009 Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid Pls print From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] Sent: Monday, October 12, 2009 2:11:38 AM To: humamabedin[Redacted] Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid Attachments: hrc memo ni [sic] meeting 101209 docx *** From: H HDR22@clintonemail.com To: Sullivan, Jacob J Sent: Sun Oct 25 11:13:17 2009 Subject: Re: Honduras First, Tom’s travel date hasn’t been set – will be Tuesday or Wednesday we think. He is coordinating with Don Restrepo to see if they can go together [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy”] So that’s where we are. We’ll have more to report tomorrow. *** From Sullivan, Jacob J SullivanJJ@state.gov To: H Sent: Sun Oct 25 [11:49:45] 2009 Subject: Re: Honduras Sounds good. There will be those who take a hard line on the elections, but perhaps some fence-sitting countries could be persuaded on conditional recognition. I’ll flag it for Tom and Craig. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Mon Oct 26 07:27:12 2009 Subject: Fw: Honduras All of this did not print last night, It stopped after Fourth! [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] [Emphasis added] From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] Sent: Monday, October 26, 2009 8:06:12 AM To: humaabedin [Redacted] Subject: Fw: Honduras
One of the great underdog stories in European Cup final history took place on May 28th. Although the match was hosted in Bayern’s Olympiastadion in München Juventus were still heavy favorites but greatness is often spun through adversity and Dortmund made history that night.
Eder's Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels about 10 p.m. and takes them to an area about 20 minutes outside Whitehorse's city lights. There, travelers can enjoy nature's colorful show from a heated, walled tent until around 2 a.m.
"We almost take it for granted sometimes," said Brosha. "No matter how many times you've seen the aurora borealis -- when they really dance, when you get some really unique colors -- you just kind of say, 'Wow, I'm so lucky to see that.' "
If the hot springs aren't for you, Chena also takes guests up a nearby mountain to observe the auroras from heated Mongolian-style tents called yurts.
The trick to photographing the auroras, Hershman said, is choosing to take the picture when the lights aren't moving as much. "Otherwise it looks like nothing but a big blob," he said.
Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels and takes them a short distance outside Whitehorse to view the auroras from heated, walled tents.
“Of course, I don’t take back what I said about the risks. It is going to be difficult. We’ve already seen that there are going to be adjustments within our economy, complex constitutional issues and challenging new negotiation to undertake with Europe.
Leader of the opposition Jeremy Corbyn agreed with much of what Cameron had to say, but insisted whoever takes charge must ensure the security of pledged EU funding to the UK.
A recent PBS documentary even went into the nature of for profit colleges which have begun to take advantage of not only members of my generation, but those of generation X which are now desperate to attempt to compete with the flow of my generation into the workforce. These Universities are without a doubt making use of not only the ease of access that the internet provides, but also the unrelenting need for a degree in the modern business world.
Perhaps what makes this worse is how easy it is to put yourself in debt in order to attend these colleges. For attending Purdue University for 3 Years for a Bachelors Degree in Computer and Information Technology [projected entry salary 40k+], as an out of state student with no grants or scholarships I will owe the University approximately $120,000.00. For my part in signing and agreeing to that debt I was required to take a 10 minute 5 question quiz [which I could repeat], asking me if I understood how much the loan was for and that 3 to 6 months after my graduation I would be expected to begin payment on those loans.
So when people ask me if I voted or not, I have no shame in saying that I took no part in the political process. I have voted a single time during the democratic primary for current President Barak Obama. I did so because I had the faintest belief that perhaps the man would be a change, god knows that’s what he preached about all the time. But once again we will see with swift indignation, that regardless of your opinion of the man he was no different than any president before him. For every promise he has kept, he has compromised with opponents that those who voted for him see only as fools and bigots.
But if both parties fail to reach a deal before senators return to Washington next Tuesday, the chamber likely will take up a rules reform package offered by Harkin and fellow Democratic Sens. Tom Udall of New Mexico and Jeff Merkley of Oregon.
Administration officials Friday took heart that CBO credited Obama’s plan with bringing future deficits down to 3 percent of GDP. In fact, the $6.4 trillion cumulative 10-year shortfall shown by CBO is under the $6.7 trillion forecast by the White House in its own documents in February. And measured against a rough proxy for current policy, the report lends at least partial support to the White House claim of up to $4 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years.
But all these deficit reduction numbers come with some important caveats regarding how to treat hundreds of billions in war savings as well as automatic spending cuts due to take effect in January. And even if Obama were to get his way on all fronts, the outlook remains grim.
The family didn't have a car. They lived on 1st Street. Martin walked every day to school on 5th street. The farthest he strayed from "the five blocks that seemed to be my lot," was when he took the bus to the cinema on 16th Street. Until he went to college (he studied journalism at Northwestern in Illinois), he lived a confined and claustrophobic existence. "There was a hunger in me to see more of the world, to see things I only read about in books."
Shape Created with Sketch. Game of Thrones season 5 cast Show all 9 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Game of Thrones season 5 cast 1/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Oscar-nominated New Zealand actress Keisha Castle-Hughes will play the fiery Obara Sand, one of Prince Oberyn’s illegitimate daughters, who is seeking revenge for her father’s murder at the hands of the Mountain in season four Getty Images 2/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Nymeria “Nym” Sand will be played by Jessica Henwick, her best known role to date is in television series Silk and Spirit Warriors BBC 3/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Jonathan Pryce will star as the High Sparrow, a religious figure who could be making waves in King’s Landing Getty Images 4/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Alexander Siddig, who will be playing Doran Martell, the stoic ruler of Dorne and the older brother of the gruesomely slain Oberyn Getty Images 5/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Enzo Cilenti (left) will take on the part of the slave trader Yezzan Rex Features 6/9 Game of Thrones season 5 London-born star DeObia Oparei will play Areo Hotah, the loyal protector of Doran Martell Getty Images 7/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Rosabell Laurenti Sellers will play Tyene Sand, one of the illegitimate daughters of Oberyn Martell, the Prince of Dorne Getty Images 8/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Myrcella Baratheon will be played by newcomer Nell Tiger Free Rex Features 9/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Newcomer Toby Sebastian will take on the role of Trystane Martell, the youngest son of Doran 1/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Oscar-nominated New Zealand actress Keisha Castle-Hughes will play the fiery Obara Sand, one of Prince Oberyn’s illegitimate daughters, who is seeking revenge for her father’s murder at the hands of the Mountain in season four Getty Images 2/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Nymeria “Nym” Sand will be played by Jessica Henwick, her best known role to date is in television series Silk and Spirit Warriors BBC 3/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Jonathan Pryce will star as the High Sparrow, a religious figure who could be making waves in King’s Landing Getty Images 4/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Alexander Siddig, who will be playing Doran Martell, the stoic ruler of Dorne and the older brother of the gruesomely slain Oberyn Getty Images 5/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Enzo Cilenti (left) will take on the part of the slave trader Yezzan Rex Features 6/9 Game of Thrones season 5 London-born star DeObia Oparei will play Areo Hotah, the loyal protector of Doran Martell Getty Images 7/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Rosabell Laurenti Sellers will play Tyene Sand, one of the illegitimate daughters of Oberyn Martell, the Prince of Dorne Getty Images 8/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Myrcella Baratheon will be played by newcomer Nell Tiger Free Rex Features 9/9 Game of Thrones season 5 Newcomer Toby Sebastian will take on the role of Trystane Martell, the youngest son of Doran
Martin acknowledges that he is "aided" by the fact that he has written Ice and Fire in the age of the computer. Touchingly, he still types up his work on an ancient DOS word processor. "DOS with WordStar 4.0," he elaborates. "Primitive though it is, compared to certain systems, it has a search and replace function that is very useful. I have assembled all four of the published books into one gigantic document. If I am about to write about a character, Bill, I do a search and see every previous time I mentioned Bill and what I said about him. Even then, I still make mistakes because it is large. That is maybe one reason why I've slowed down a little, as I get deeper into it and it gets more and more complex, it is harder to remember. Maybe I take a little more time in reviewing what I did last week or last year or three years ago."
The "slowing down" Martin mentions is a source of huge disquiet to some of his fans, who are desperate for him to finish his magnum opus as soon as possible. They take delays personally and have been at times vicious in their attacks on the author for keeping them waiting.
This was a lesson that Game of Thrones took to heart. Heroes don't have to be likeable. The Sopranos also proved that serialised dramas (as opposed to episodic dramas which could be shown in any order) could also work with audiences. Martin gives the example of Gunsmoke, a series that lasted for 20 years on American TV without seemingly changing. "Many people passed through Dodge City but at the end of the episode, Miss Kitty was in the Long Branch saloon, Doc was playing chess in his office and Matt Dillon and his deputy were down in the sheriff's office."
10:30 And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, not take their daughters for our sons:
13:25 And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
“Mali is at center stage now. It is a huge country that borders seven others, and it can influence all of them,” Hamdi said. “The international community needs to take the situation more seriously. If Mali is lost, it will change the mind-set of the region. Then the bloodthirsty barbarians will start attacking everywhere.”
In the new study, researchers at King’s College London turned to a cohort of more than 11,000 pairs of both identical and nonidentical twins born in the United Kingdom between 1994 and 1996. Rather than focus solely on IQ, as many previous studies had, the scientists analyzed 83 different traits, which had been reported on questionnaires that the twins, at age 16, and their parents filled out. The traits ranged from measures of health and overall happiness to ratings of how much each teen liked school and how hard they worked. Then, the researchers collected data on how well each individual scored on the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) exam, an exam that all students in the United Kingdom must take and which is used for admission to advanced classes or colleges. The team found nine general groups of traits that were all highly hereditary—the identical twins were more likely to share the traits than nonidentical twins—and also correlated with performance on the GCSE. Not only were traits other than intelligence correlated with GCSE scores, but these other traits also explained more than half of the total genetic basis for the test scores.
Real insist the deal for Bale was not as big as the one that took Cristiano Ronaldo to the Bernabeu from Manchester United in 2009.
How to evaluate this separatist drive? What are the determinants of national borders and secessions? What are the consequences of having more numerous, smaller sovereign states? We have been interested by these questions for over two decades. We started to write about the number and size of nations in the Nineties, when a wave of new independent countries were being formed following the dramatic collapse of the Soviet Union, the peaceful separation of Czechoslovakia, and the violent breakup of Yugoslavia. Over the same period, we witnessed the spread of separatist movements in Western Europe, from Belgium and Catalonia to our own native Italy. Traditionally, these phenomena were studied by historians and political scientists, but not by economists, who tended to take national borders as given (or, in economics jargon, “exogenous”). However, states and boundaries are human-made institutions, and should be explained using the tools of political economy – the study of the interactions between economic and political variables. That approach has motivated our own work.
It was a vital breakthrough for a Swedish offence that could not get into gear for much of a gritty encounter in Moscow. Norway, aware that victory here would bring it level with its Nordic neighbour on eight points, set up cautiously. Its disciplined hockey limited the Tre Kronor's chances in a first period that never really took off, but that same defensive focus meant that Sweden's Jacob Markstrom could enjoy a relatively quiet time between the piping for long periods.
It didn't take long for Norway to make it a one-goal game once again, though. Sweden had barely got back to full strength when Johannes Johannesen's mishit shot was held up by Mathis Olimb on the slot and Mats Rosseli Olsen lifted the puck to the top shelf.
"We had a lot of shots and opportunities and we couldn't take them, but the same is true of them," Nyquist added. "They almost tied it up at the end and Markstrom made some big saves."
“He got her into his car by telling her he wanted to buy some magazines,” Bailey said Grate admitted. But then he took her to his home, stabbed her to death and hid the body in his basement for two days before taking the body out to Victory Road, where he dumped it.
“We are addressing the member states with a strong call to look into it and change their renumeration policy in the public sector. The gender pay gap is also partly caused because women have more duties at home and take part-time jobs. And are paid less. It is a trap.”
“There were quite a few changes compared to when I rode it in November. It took a bit of time to get dialed in. It was a positive end to the day. I would say we are back to where we were at the last test. We’ve arrived at the same problem and we’re struggling to get the bike stopped and turned. It feels like it’s pushing the front a lot so that’s a direction we need to improve on,” Laverty said at the track.
But one woman told The Huffington Post that Capitol police went as far as to take away food she carried to help with her diabetes and to very publicly confiscate her maxi pads.
Chaney said the officer, who she identified as Trooper Stoner, then unzipped the personal care section of her purse, took out two purple-wrapped maxi pads and "started waving them around, much to my humiliation and horror, and said that they were not allowed in either."
As Ghosh explained to me, “The liberation movement for Bangladesh was characterized by an escalation of atrocities against the Hindus and pro-liberation Muslims. Hindus were specifically singled out because they were considered a hindrance to the Islamisation of East Pakistan. In March 1971, the government of Pakistan and its supporters in Bangladesh launched a violent operation, codenamed “Operation Searchlight,” to crush all pro-liberation activities. Bangladeshi government figures put the death toll at 300,000, though nearly 3 million Hindus were never accounted for and are presumed dead.” U.S. officials in both India and Washington used the word “genocide” to describe what took place.
Still, he is relishing this state of free-flowing creativity, energized by his packed schedule. In hot pursuit of these current lines of investigation and contemplation, last December he delivered a double-header of lectures, back-to-back on the same day, at the University of Edinburgh, where he has been an honorary professor since 1997. He is keen to share his new ideas and, he hopes, attract supporters. To that end, in November he hosted a conference at the Royal Society of Edinburgh on “The Science of Beauty.” Quanta Magazine sat down with Atiyah at the Royal Society gathering and afterward, whenever he slowed down long enough to take questions. What follows is an edited version of those catch-as-catch-can conversations.
K-theory is the study of flat space, and of flat space moving around. For example, let’s take a sphere, the Earth, and let’s take a big book and put it on the Earth and move it around. That’s a flat piece of geometry moving around on a curved piece of geometry. K-theory studies all aspects of that situation — the topology and the geometry. It has its roots in our navigation of the Earth.
Right; well, you see, a lot of mathematics is predictable. Somebody shows you how to solve one problem, and you do the same thing again. Every time you take a step forward you’re following in the steps of the person who came before. Every now and again, somebody comes along with a totally new idea and shakes everybody up. To start with, people don’t believe it, and then when they do believe it, it leads in a totally new direction. Mathematics comes in fits and starts. It has continuous development, and then it has discontinuous jumps, when suddenly somebody has a new idea. Those are the ideas that really matter. When you get them, they have major consequences. We’re about due another one. Einstein had a good idea 100 years ago, and we need another one to take us forward.
A friend of mine, John Polkinghorne, left physics just as I was going in; he went into the church and became a theologian. We had a discussion on my 80th birthday and he said to me, “You’ve got nothing to lose; you just go ahead and think what you think.” And that’s what I’ve been doing. I’ve got all the medals I need. What could I lose? So that’s why I’m prepared to take a gamble that a young researcher wouldn’t be prepared to take.
So I take her to the can
It takes a specific type of player to connect with Pochettino, to buy into his rhythms and motivational techniques, and he inherited plenty who could not. The early months of his White Hart Lane tenure were a trial and the situation was not helped by his previous club, Southampton, having made a flying start to the season under their new manager, Ronald Koeman.
When Pochettino took his team to Aston Villa on 2 November 2014, they were 12th in the Premier League. Southampton were second. But Tottenham won 2-1, having been 1-0 down, and Pochettino would come to consider the result as the turning point. Kane had come on for Emmanuel Adebayor and he scored the winner with a deflected free-kick in stoppage time. Thereafter, he would replace Adebayor in the starting lineup. Of Pochettino’s 18-man matchday squad at Villa Park, only eight are still at the club.
The 45-year-old is young enough to be matey with his players but old enough to take a distance. What he prioritises is knowing everything about them; how they react and, crucially, how they feel. It is often said, behind the scenes at the club, that Pochettino likes to feel before he makes a decision – in other words, rely upon intuition.
Tottenham clash with Arsenal takes Pochettino back to another demolition derby | David Hytner Read more
Assange took offense with Shubert's line of questioning, calling it "disgusting" and accusing Shubert of not wanting to discuss the issues raised by the documents released by WikiLeaks, and walked out.
In emerging from that grave Mungo Man continues to challenge ignorance and prejudice. Such status takes on further legitimacy in the light of his liturgical burial. That action of ceremonial anointing with the earth, the ochre drama, defines new levels of communal self-perception, an awareness and celebration of a people-nature mystique, an acknowledgement of a power beyond. In that sense the burial stands arguably as the world’s oldest example of overt religious expression.
Mungo Man crosses many boundaries, boundaries between science and traditional cultures, between past and present, between black and white, between life and death. On returning home, his voice takes on new urgency, defining messages for his land and for his people. That occasion, after 40 years in waiting, brings new hope, a reassurance to Indigenous Australians of the nation’s debt to their ancestral history.
“While we had an outstanding qualifying round of the tournament, we were excited by the prospects of inviting last year’s best Caribbean performer at the CONCACAF Champions League, Valencia FC, to take their predetermined final four spot when we were informed that the Club remains at odds with its National Federation.
The head of the CFU Secretariat explained that while the three (3) Clubs who have already qualified from their respective groups, as group winners will advance to the CONCACAF Champions League; their participation is still subject to them meeting the minimum standards and fulfilling the regulatory requirements of participation as mandated by CONCACAF. If any of the Clubs fail to meet the standards, then Centro Dominguito (Curacao) as the best overall second place team will take their place at the CONCACAF Champions League.
Mr. Pemoulie, who owns the restaurant with his wife, Alex, could do more to invite travelers, however. Reservations are not taken for parties of fewer than five, and there is a particularly unwelcoming wrinkle. If you have to wait for a table and there is no room at the bar, a host will take your phone number and point you toward some nearby saloons. But then she will tell you that if you don’t pick up the phone, she will immediately move on to the next name on the list.
So she instead decided to take part in Movember.
"Over 100 years ago, the Ottoman Empire undertook a brutal campaign of murder, rape, and displacement against the Armenian people that took the lives of 1.5 million men, women, and children in the first genocide of the 20th century," said Schiff. "Genocide is not a historic relic - even today hundreds of thousands of religious minorities face existential threat from ISIS in Syria and Iraq. It is therefore all the more pressing that the Congress recognize the historical fact of the Armenian Genocide and stand against modern day genocide and crimes against humanity."
Upon regaining her freedom she set to work gathering an army to over take the world. In addition she also passed out cool party favors in the form of a plague. The plague spread swiftly. All of the kingdom’s Priest, Clerics, and Druids worked night and day attempting to stem the tide of it without success.
I had designed Pazuzu to be a roguish devil. I know it deviates from the lore but, hey it’s my story. Pazuzu’s lair was a large city deep under ground called Brimstone and at the center of his city was his casino/home. To gain an audience with him they needed to complete some quest to build their reputation. They did so and in the process learned that Pazuzu’s second in command had made a deal with Lamashtu to help her kill Pazuzu and take his power.
At this point they had enough clout to get an audience with Pazuzu so the players headed off to warn him. They successfully gained entrance and started to warn Pazuzu of the treachery in his house only to have Lamashtu burst through the door with the Chilled Heart in hand. Pazuzu agrees to help the players stop Lamashtu if they give him rights to some land in the Great Desert. The players agreed to his terms. I had written Pazuzu and Lamashtu as old lovers, more akin to a very old spiteful married couple. Think Hemingwy and Gellhorn. So it’s not out of character for him to swagger up and passionately embraces her, thus distracting Lamashtu from the fight. Her undead minions fan out to take down the players.
At this point I expect the players to grab the Chilled Heart and make a run for it. I had planned to have them gather an army to protect the last bastion of hope, the City of Light, and face Lamashtu on a giant, wildly cinematic battlefield. I thought this was going to take several sessions to do. I could already see them riding out to meet Lamashtu on the field of battle and put an end to her once and for all… but that’s not what happened.
But ranged might be very strong not only because ranged creatures have massive area they control but also because they don't take damage back whenever they attack from afar — like if you cast Safeguard every time you attack. Sounds too good, right? The mere presence of ranged creatures on the board forces your opponent to change his entire strategy including developing lands to respond to this threat.
Thank you everyone for sharing your awesome ideas! While we are taking a small break make sure to take part in other contests: If Yaks Could Talk and Custom Card Creation Contest.
Forensics experts consider that animals decay in five major stages—a process that takes a few weeks for most of the degradation, then many more months till a body is reduced to skeletal remains. The first stage is “fresh”—the immediate aftermath of death, when oxygen is no longer supplied to the cells and anaerobic bacteria (which do not require oxygen to survive), already present in staggeringly high numbers in the digestive tract, begin to really proliferate. And by high numbers, consider this: on a normal day, there are 10 times more bacteria in and on our body than the number of cells that constitute “us,”—i.e., the human self, the ego and the id and the superego, and the accompanying package known as the body. By the numbers, we are composed of 100 trillion cells. Ten times that number means we are surrounded and occupied by a cool quadrillion bacteria, a staggering, even unimaginable, number. I mean, Christ was born, if he was born, only 64 billion seconds ago. The number of bacteria we associate with is 18,000 times larger than that.
Though humans are no match for the vulture and other carrion-picking birds that eat rancid decaying flesh every day (they have stomach acid that could fry an egg and an immune system seemingly capable of mopping up all manner of stray toxins), we are pretty well equipped to survive. We too have a stomach full of harsh hydrochloric acid (at least those of us not on antacids or proton-pump inhibitors such as Nexium or Prevacid) and can take a pretty good wallop. Furthermore, unless the woman was poisoned with anthrax or botulism or some other bacterial toxin that might be proliferating in her remains, the bacteria would not be lethal, just nauseating. I suspect that vomiting and a day or two of stomach misery would be the worst that would happen to the hotel guests, if that.
Michigan looked poised to get the ball back and have an opportunity to take the lead early in the fourth quarter after Francois was sacked again, this time for a loss of 13, setting up a third-and-22 from the FSU 13.
Breaking a couple tackles on his way to the far side of the field, Cook suddenly saw open grass in front of him. He hauled ass to the sideline and took it as far upfield as he could, finally stopping 71 yards later with the raucous Florida State-leaning crowd back on its feet and Michigan fans firmly planted in their seats.
There was a furious Michigan comeback to take its first lead of the game. The Wolverines scored back-to-back touchdowns and converted a two-point try to go up three with 2:17 remaining.
And while it was not Cook who took back stutter-step 65-yard kickoff return that gave Florida State renewed life in the final two minutes -- that was wideout Keith Gavin -- it was Cook's 21-yard reception on the first play of the ensuing series that put FSU in the red zone and made at least a tie in regulation a foregone conclusion.
"It was the best game of my life, man!" Cook exclaimed on the field while hoisting the trophy. "... It took everything we had."
Canadian musician Matt Mays says Rob Ford took his seat at the Buffalo Bills-Atlanta Falcons game in Toronto today
Payback remedies all that latter stuff. There’s a much longer experience here – it took me around 17 hours to complete the story alone. Plus, the world is filled with extra activities and events, drag racing is included from the get-go, and yes, you can pause it. Truly a novelty.
You may have heard that Payback has dialled back on the pure street racing focus in favour of a self-described “action driving” experience. The reality is that racing still pads out the bulk of the driving in Payback and the new “action driving” stuff is limited to a small handful of movie-inspired sequences and Payback’s new police pursuit system. They may look exciting on the surface, but they aren’t really that demanding; unlike, say, the Stuntman games, Payback doesn’t require us to do any of the trickier stuff ourselves – the game takes over all the cool bits. We’re just driving from cutscene to cutscene. They’re well-executed, particularly how they seamlessly swap you between characters and vehicles (like the opening moments of Forza Horizon 3), but they’re completely scripted. Fast and frantic, but shallow and not worth replaying. They’re really just built to service Payback’s paper-thin story, which starts with a confounding succession of betrayals and ends without ever really going anywhere interesting.
The characters aren’t functionally different from each other; they’re just each tied to one or two of the five specific car classes that are different from each other. Payback splits its cars into five categories – race, off-road, drift, drag, and runner (which are used for battling cops). Cars for specific race types need to be purchased from specific dealers and can’t be used in any other race type than the one they were purchased for. It’s a bit restrictive, particularly considering the game doesn’t always necessarily play by its own rules. For instance, it makes a fuss out of communicating that ‘runner’ cars are specially-reinforced vehicles built to take on police, but then regularly throws us into cop chases in non-runner cars that seem to handle the events just as adequately. It doesn’t mind tossing drag cars into impromptu sprint races, either. I wasn’t a fan; my GT-R drag car corners like a whale on a skateboard.
The House Science Committee first took interest in NIST security in 2015, when a meth lab that was run by a former NIST security employee out of an unused lab exploded. In 2016 an intruder was found wandering through the NIST campus.
In 2007, Eric Kidd wrote a quite popular article named 8 ways to report errors in Haskell. However, it has been four years since the original publication of the article. Does this affect the veracity of the original article? Some names have changed, and some of the original advice given may have been a bit... dodgy. We’ll take a look at each of the recommendations from the original article, and also propose a new way of conceptualizing all of Haskell’s error reporting mechanisms.
5. Use MonadError and a custom error type MonadError has become a lot more reasonable in the new world order, and if you are building your own application monad it’s a pretty reasonable choice, either as a transformer in the stack or an instance to implement. Contrary to the old advice, you can use MonadError on top of IO : you just transform the IO monad and lift all of your IO actions. I’m not really sure why you’d want to, though, since IO has it’s own nice, efficient and extensible error throwing and catching mechanisms (see below.) I’ll also note that canonicalizing errors that the libraries you are interoperating is a good thing: it makes you think about what information you care about and how you want to present it to the user. You can always create a MyParsecError constructor which takes the parsec error verbatim, but for a really good user experience you should be considering each case individually.
people didnt know she was pregnant until the pregnancy was about 7months old, they took her to the doctor and thought she had a tumor ONLY TO REALIZE SHE WAS PREGNANT.
-1939: Lina Medina of Paurange, Peru gave birth to a 2.7 kg son (5.9 lb), Gerardo, by caesarean section on Mother's Day, May 14, 1939 in Lima at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 21 days. Her parents, who assumed their daughter had a tumour, took her to a hospital, where she was determined to be seven months pregnant. Although Medina's father was arrested on suspicion of child molesting, he was later released due to lack of evidence, and the identity of who impregnated Medina was never uncovered. [1][2]
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_youngest_birth_mothers the Nigerian one has never been confirmed, but it has been well reported, even once featuring on tv "Ripley's believe it or not"here is a list of the world youngest mothers ON RECORD, funny enough the 3 youngest mothers are from PERU, WTF!!!!!-1939: Lina Medina of Paurange, Peru gave birth to a 2.7 kg son (5.9 lb), Gerardo, by caesarean section on Mother's Day, May 14, 1939 in Lima at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 21 days. Her parents, who assumed their daughter had a tumour, took her to a hospital, where she was determined to be seven months pregnant. Although Medina's father was arrested on suspicion of child molesting, he was later released due to lack of evidence, and the identity of who impregnated Medina was never uncovered. [1][2]-1939: The Los Angeles Times quoted Dr. Joseph B. De Lee, obstetrics authority of Chicago Lying-in Hospital, as saying that a German medical journal has already reported that a Russian girl, age 3 1/2, had become a mother, and that this girl had the physical development of a 18 or 20 year old.-2006: A girl from Huánuco, Peru, gave birth to a baby weighing 2 kg (4.4 lb) by caesarean section at a hospital in Lima in December 2006. Her ninth birthday occurred a couple of days later. She became pregnant after being raped by two of her cousins.-1957: Hilda Trujillo gave birth to a girl weighing over 6 lb (2.7 kg) at a hospital in Lima, Peru in December 1957. Her 22-year-old cousin, who was staying in her family's one-room house at the time, was arrested for rape.-2001: Wanwisa Janmuk gave birth in February 2001 to a girl at a hospital in Phetchabun, a northern province of Thailand. The father was her 27-year-old husband; Thai law allows minors to marry with parental permission.check the rest of the list here:
Max at Townshend Audio really ought to take the credit for bringing this app to our attention and it certainly makes for an interesting demonstration of his isolation products. Basically you place this on your speaker, or any other bit of kit, walk around the room and watch the seismograph go crazy as your feet hit the ground. The more isolated from the ground your kit, the less the seismograph will jump around.
For their tests, the researchers set up an SSL server with OpenSSL and measured the time it took to create a digital signature using Elliptic Curve DSA (ECDSA). This allowed them to calculate the server's secret key. When establishing an SSL connection via the local loopback interface, they managed to do this almost instantaneously. While packet transfer times on a local network caused measurement uncertainties, these uncertainties could be compensated for with some further calculations. Overall, the attack described in Remote Timing Attacks are Still Practical also proved feasible over a network.
The next step is to enjoy the lovely sight of the tree’s silvery-green foliage moving while the breeze rustles through it. Because it may take up to five years before it produces any fruit for you. You’ll need to discuss when you can expect fruit with the gardener at the nursery. But by then you and the tree will have become good friends, and the fruit will be a nice bonus.
DENVER (CBS4) – Denver police are investigating an armed robbery that took place early Thursday morning.
Anderson said he was waiting in his car, just moments after completing a separate drive, when the incident took place.
“I am really lucky to be alive. On the other hand, it angers me people would take a life over a few dollars,” Anderson said. “I didn’t get shot. I lost some money and things, but your life is worth more than that it.”
Let’s first take a look at Jibo. Jibo is a crowdfunded social robot born from the mind of MIT graduate and roboticist Cynthia Breazeal. It sits atop your table playing your typical virtual assistant. Ask Jibo about the weather or the recipe to that one meal you’re cooking up and he’ll answer. He’ll even notify you of texts and order food from your favorite restaurant. But that’s about it. Jibo is a stationary Siri-like robot that’s bound to whatever surface you place him on. However, that hasn’t scared off backers from contributing to Jibo’s huge success.
The video for "Nightmusic" was directed by John Londono and premiered on May 10, 2012. It takes place in a "barren, greywashed" landscape, and features Grimes wearing one of the "pussy rings" she designed in collaboration with Montreal-based jeweler and sculptor Morgan Black.[47][48]
Matt James of PopMatters praised the album as "an absolute blast" and opined, "Sure, it could have done without some of the interludes [...] but its overall sense of ambition is intoxicating. Visions' rebellious contrariness to evade classification is part of the design and certainly part of the charm".[5] Heather Phares of AllMusic concluded, "Fresh and surprisingly accessible despite its quirks,Visions is bewitching".[53] Eric Harvey of Spin wrote, "The pervasive sense on Visions is of a young woman carefully pushing out of her own introversion, which makes the moments where she sings from the gut instead of the throat [...] or strives for human-on-human sensuality [...] all the more thrilling". Harvey continued, "Boucher's talent lies in the balance of exploiting her gifts and leveraging what's come before her, but judiciously".[62] Kevin Liedel of Slant Magazine viewed the album as "a flawed but intimate glimpse into the fantasies of its creator, and while it might not act as a springboard to greater fame for Grimes, it's just as satisfying to hear her take her bedroom music into a darkened basement, away from the prying world."[65] However, Luke Winkie of Under the Radar felt that Visions "isn't as much of an evolution as it is an elongation; Boucher is still making warped, sparsely-populated electro-pop, and the potential still outweighs the content", adding that the album "stands as a half-formed concept".[66] Reyan Ali of The Phoenix stated that "the ever-fascinating Boucher clearly has unusual ideas sloshing around her skull", but ultimately criticized the album as "unnecessarily oblique, listlessly long (48 minutes!), and painfully shapeless".[67] Rolling Stone's Jody Rosen expressed that "Grimes isn't spooky enough to be 'ghostly,' and not substantial enough to hold your attention."[61]
British magazine Fact ranked Visions the 26th best album of 2012 and commented it "moved beyond the circumstantially lo-fi character of her early offerings Geidi Primes and Halfaxa for a profoundly inventive and just plain weird take on electro-pop. While the shifty rhythms can get a bit repetitive, they're usually voiced differently, and they're always paired with otherworldly synth-work that darts into uneasy, industrial territory".[74] Rolling Stone placed Visions at number 33 on its 50 Best Albums of 2012 list, noting the album "uses EDM extremism, medieval chants, sugar-crusted melodies and her own sky-high voice to rethink pop music".[75] The album was listed on Paste's The 50 Best Albums of 2012 at number 50, and the magazine wrote, "With its constantly shifting tonal landscapes and non-standard structures, it's the kind of music that's exceptionally hard to peg on paper, but that never stops Visions' tracks from looping in your head long after it spins to a close".[76]
Empire's founder and former director Kinya Trotman died in March, but its camp and afterschool program continued, according to former employees, who say they have also been left in the lurch. They say Trotman's teenage son Kyree took over, but things deteriorated quickly.
"Once he took over the company, that's when things started going downhill. Checks started bouncing," said camp counselor Brandi Sampson.
We need to come up with new ways to work with subject matter experts, and yet there’s a number of results or pressures that keep us from doing that. One of them is that for accreditation and compliance, sometimes we’re required to do what the subject matter expert tells us. “I’m an expert, you have to take my word for it,” and they don’t even realize they don’t have access to it. The power differential between the instructional designer and the subject matter expert, and in fact we need to balance those and say, “Look, you know your stuff, but I know my stuff. Trust me on this, or let’s negotiate a process.”
Another couple tricks, and this takes some knowledge on the part of instructional designers, and it’s a problem that we have accidental instructional designers. You wouldn’t have an accidental, you know, cab driver or an accidental neuroscientist, but somehow we seem to have accidental instructional designers.
Clark Quinn: True, but there’s some requirements, I believe … and I’m willing to be wrong … and you take whatever risks are associated with that. The point being, take the initial material. Get the material beforehand, the PDFs and the PowerPoints, and don’t just slap them up on the screen but understand them enough, and use some real-world knowledge enough and talk to some triangular stakeholders, and [pre-seed 07;34] what you think is likely to be the information you need from those SME, and then have them critique it. Instead of having them generate it, have them critique it, and they’ll fix stuff that’s wrong, but you’ve done a lot of the work for them so you get the maximum input.
My other observation is we frequently … and training, you said it was going to a $105 billion industry or something in that range? It’s a large industry. We put a lot of different things under the training umbrella, and the training that you need for regulatory compliance … which frankly can be a page-turner, because the objectives are to take the training, in all honesty.
We have great partners in doing that, but we truly believe in strong evidence that, yes, those eight values that differentiate typical e-learning from serious e-learning are important, and yet we’re calling out the industry. It can be risky in a business sense, but if you care about the potential … and that was what was great about working with those people, and it’s nice to talk to you too, Sanjay. If you care about what the potential is and what technology could be doing for learning, you really can’t not try and nudge the industry in positive directions if not, all right, take a brickbat.
Trump, who took office in January, has said there was widespread voter fraud in the November election. The Republican won the White House through victory in the Electoral College, which tallies wins in states, but lost the popular vote to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by some 3 million ballots.
Since it’s so easy to fall into that pattern, I decided to start a series of posts about gratitude. In the TED Talk I recently watched, Shawn Anchor suggests that you think of 3 things you’re grateful for each day. I usually do this when I wake up in the morning, but I want to take it a step further and share my gratitude with you all every Sunday. I would love for you to join me and tell me what you’re grateful for in the comments as well!
1. Eating this watermelon, banana, and strawberry fruit salad. Watermelon is one of my favorite foods and I definitely take advantage of the summertime because it is in season. This was some of the best watermelon I’ve ever had.
Internet search giant Google became one of the first to take advantage of the tax break when it announced the Lunar X prize in September 2007.
'Part of our business plan will be to get our rover to move round the site and take a 3D high-definition film of it.
'If nothing else, it should prove to the doubters that the Apollo missions really took place.
Ranger added: 'It is not the technology that is holding us back. We could be ready in less than a year. Raising the cash will take longer, however.'
IBM took their cues from the positive responses around offering front accessibility (as with the iDataPlex systems) and carried that over to NextScale. Chaudhry freely admits that while iDataPlex was made for its own configuration and offered little flexibility, the idea with NextScale was to “keep all the things we liked and get rid of other things, like the full-width server versus this 8.5 inch wide but deep (versus shallow) approach.”
Whoops This article is still in progress. An early draft was unintentionally posted here thanks to Randall's troubled approach to git, and it took a little bit to get everything sorted out and rolled back. Sorry for the mixup!
Candidate Obama was right. Eventually he saved that entire company and more than 1 million auto jobs. But he could not reverse a corporate decision made well before he took office.
That's painfully obvious. Fact checkers should take the weekend off after going through Ryan's lie-larded speech on Wednesday. Factcheck.org; PolitiFact; Glenn Kessler from the Washington Post — all must be exhausted from labeling as untrue the lies flowing from Ryan's mouth.
So fine, we have a way to do that, but with an archive this big it takes minutes to delete a single file, and my archive has something like eleven thousand files. I think I did the math and my computer would take nearly two weeks to delete the files assuming a linear rate that decreased as files were deleted.
VRcade is the world’s first virtual reality services facility, located in Seattle Washington. Our aim is to create a virtual reality experience that cannot yet be obtained in the home without spending 100’s or even 1000’s of dollars. We have created our own platform, which is a combination of custom and 3rd-party hardware and software, which when combined, deliver the exact experience we wanted to achieve. The result of our years of hard work allow us to deliver a level of intuitive interaction, fidelity, range, and flexibility, exceeding what users are currently used to in the home. We then take all of this technology and let you enjoy it! There are no longer any barriers to a quality VR experience.
There are several technologies and concepts that make the VRcade platform unique and immersive. For instance, the system uses optical motion capture cameras for tracking both props and users, including any and all parts, down to the fingers. We take this tracking and apply it to how the user sees, hears, and interacts with the simulation using a custom HMD (Head-Mounted Display), binaural audio, pumped through high-quality headphones, and their own natural movements. This creates an intuitive way to experience and control a virtual world, that suddenly seems less virtual and more 'reality'. Because of this combination of technology and software, we do not need to rely on other forms of input and interaction, such as a joystick or omni-directional treadmill.
The affidavit stated that the officer took off his clothes, and he allowed the woman to perform sex acts on him. The undercover officer then arrested the woman on suspicion of misdemeanor prostitution. The affidavit explained that the officer felt that it was necessary to take off his clothes and engage in sex acts “because he believed that such action was necessary to gather the proof needed to convict the person for violating the prostitution statute.”
The department also found that the undercover officer acted in accordance with department policy when he took off his clothes and allowed the woman to perform sex acts on him before he arrested her. In fact, the department accused Bales of revealing police tactics, arguing that most people did not know that officers were allowed to get naked.
We tend to be reactive. For example, when someone says something we don’t like to hear, we react. Sometimes we say something that we would like to take back the moment after we blurt it out. Or we are knocked down by a heavy emotion and it can take days to bounce back, sometimes even weeks.
Call it the Bannon Test: If Steve says you’re crossing a line, then you should absolutely take a step back and reconsider how you got to this point. This is exactly what happened when Trump made the snap decision to fire James Comey earlier this week. Bannon, and many others in the White House, told Trump to wait until a more opportune moment, but Trump, whose impulse control is somewhere between beagle and 5-year-old, couldn’t wait. He fired his FBI director and kicked up a shitstorm that could be an existential threat to his administration.
Mr. Comey’s fate was sealed by his latest testimony about the bureau’s investigation into Russia’s efforts to sway the 2016 election and the Clinton email inquiry. Mr. Trump burned as he watched, convinced that Mr. Comey was grandstanding. He was particularly irked when Mr. Comey said he was “mildly nauseous” to think that his handling of the email case had influenced the election, which Mr. Trump took to demean his own role in history.
Tedesco, from the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory in New York, says polar regions are not as resilient to warming as other places. That's because it takes only one or two degrees to change the Arctic from a frozen world to an unfrozen — and very different — one.
The surgery takes approximately 40-70 minutes
In general, the pain is easily manageable after surgery. Most patients take less than the recommended pain medication
All patients must take multi-vitamin and B complex after surgery
Technically, the Gastric Sleeve is a much simpler surgery. The operating time for gastric sleeve is usually 40-70 minutes, while gastric bypass surgery takes approximately 2-3 hours to complete.
The short-circuited ethics overhaul took some of the luster off what was otherwise a crowning moment for Governor Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat who is widely believed to have national—even presidential—ambitions, but who is sometimes accused by progressives of skewing too far toward the center. Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton stood by Cuomo’s side at the victory rally to celebrate the $15 minimum wage increase.
Corruption scandals have long plagued Albany, but the legislature’s tainted public image has worsened in recent years. Of the 33 state legislators who have left their seats because of criminal or ethical problems since 1999, more than half have stepped down since Cuomo took office in 2010. In its annual ranking of corruption in the states last year, the nonprofit Center for Public Integrity gave New York a D minus.
Several of the proposals took aim at the types of activities that had led to corruption charges against Silver and Skelos, including the lucrative opportunities that legislators enjoy to earn outside income and to receive huge campaign contributions from LLCs.
“It shows that he does seize opportunities where he can be seen as someone who comes in and takes an issue to victory,” says Dadey, of Citizens Union. “That shows how astute and effective a political player our governor is.”
If the legislature fails to take up reform this session, proponents will try to make their case on the campaign trail in the lead up to the November elections. With public outrage at corruption boiling over, activist groups are primed to dedicate resources getting pro-reform candidates elected and making anti-corruption legislation a top priority.
“I don’t think we’re going to solve this problem in weeks,” Obama said. “I think this is going to take some time.”
“That may take some time,” Obama said, noting that defending and escorting tens of thousands of frightened families to new locations will be an international operation requiring planning and coordination.
The president described a U.S. goal of containing ISIL rather than defeating the terrorist army, which is operating in both Iraq and Syria. When asked if the solutions he envisioned for Iraq would take years rather than months, the president did not dispute that timeline.
I’m currently in the UK, and while there is plenty of history and culture to take in, naturally I’m all about the full bust bra offerings. Top on the list of UK retailers for me is Bravissimo. Whenever I’m in the UK, I try my best to figure out a way to visit one of their stores. Yes, this is a brick and mortar store that sells a wide range of fuller bust brands, including their own house brand. Luckily I have been able to shop there about once or twice a year for the past few years. This week I returned to the Bravissimo store in Cheltenham for the second year in a row and thought it would be a good time to write up a store review regarding my experience there, which was an overall positive one.
Apologies for the cell phone photos and that I didn’t get to take that many interior shots because I wanted to spend more time trying on bras!
When asking for my chosen bras to be brought to a fitting room, I explained that the 28Gs I am currently wearing have started getting loose in the cups, so I wanted to try most of the bras in a 28FF. A few minutes later, the associate appeared with my selections and took me to the fitting room.
When she left to fetch me another smaller size, I went for bra #3. The knock came before I even had my boobs in the cups. Even though I had limited time, I began to feel too rushed between bras, so I let her know that I just needed a few more minutes. If anything, my only criticism of my experience this year and last year alike was the timing of the sales associate when I was in the fitting room. The store wasn’t crowded or anything. It takes me some time to get a bra on and then see and feel how it fits. I can’t do that if I only have 1-2 minutes to try on a bra and then the fitter comes back and removes the bras I tried for a mere 30 seconds.
In my experience, the way that they “fit” you at Bravissimo is to put you in a bra at or near to the size that you say fits best and then to troubleshoot by eye from there. This suits me fine as I prefer not to be attacked with a tape measure. So far, I have found the fitting knowledge of all the fitters I’ve had to be very good. They recognize the signs of a good fit, like a tacking gore, cups lying flat against the skin across the top, a band that is snug but not overly tight, straps not digging in, and so on. If I mention gore and wire widths and cup heights and other common issues that I have, they listen and take it all in.
You’ve probably heard the news by now: Steven Moffat is finally stepping down as the showrunner of Doctor Who, to be replaced by Chris Chibnall. I think it’s a good thing – even though I loved most of Moffat’s run, I’m more than ready to see another writer’s take on the show. I’ve yet to be impressed with Chibnall’s Who work, but if we have Broadchurch series 1 to go by, I’m welcoming this change.
A Tesla rep tells me that this may have been due to the lighting conditions at the time; if the car’s AI isn’t 100% confident that it’s safe to change lanes, it just won’t. Better to have a driver take over than to autosteer into something it somehow missed, right?
"It takes great courage, and to have done other trips successfully in the winter, I admire him for that.
The brewery’s pavilion recreated a “cobblestoned, gaslighted New York City street of 1904,” with occasional appearances by a barbershop quartet and Miss Rheingold herself. It took two years of study and planning.
The 17-ton cheese wheel in the Wisconsin pavilion was “protected against mice by glass, even though experts figured out that it would take one average-sized mouse 27 years to devour the whole cheese.”
This takes a break from the more theatrical nature of the other videos and opts to give you a few testimonials. Hearing professionals talk about how the Surface Studio helps them do wonders to sell the device. Mix this praise with some upbeat instrumentals and a few great shots of the Studio at work, and you’ve got a solid ad.
In recent years many people have been downloading higher quality rips already, but it will probably take a few years before 4K becomes the new standard. Overall, however, pirating video geeks will be happy with the news.
Germany is a federation which has thirteen states and three city-states which are equal in status and land rights. Let’s take a closer look at the flags and coat of arms of the major German states.
It is also interesting to take a look at the map of colors used on these flags. Let’s segment the flags in terms of their major colors:
At the annual Fulbright Lecture in Oxford in June, Jack Matlock articulated the diplomat’s answer to this question of ‘who caused Putin.’ Matlock was himself a key figure in the end of the Cold War: he served as head of the Soviet Affairs desk on the National Security Council in the early 1980s and as Ambassador to the Soviet Union in the crucial years from 1987 to 1991. According to Matlock, the roots of the current crisis lie in the West’s mistaken conclusion in 1991 that ‘we won.’ In reality the end of the Cold War was negotiated through arms control deals, troop reduction agreements, the voluntary and peaceful dissolution of the Soviet empire, and the mutually agreed reunification of Germany. In the years that followed, however, as the myth of victory took hold, Western leaders repeatedly ignored vital Russian security interests, most importantly by permitting NATO’s eastward expansion. Assurances that such moves were of a defensive nature faded in Russian eyes when NATO conducted a bombing campaign against Serbia in 1999. Inclusive steps by Western powers such as permitting Russia’s entry into the World Trade Organisation did not outweigh a growing perception of anti-Russian aggression – witness, for example, the depth of the resistance that NATO’s plans for a ballistic missile defense system have prompted in Moscow. For Matlock, the West’s enthusiastic support of colour revolutions and its promises to put Georgia and Ukraine on a path toward NATO membership cemented the view in Russia that its interests were being systematically undermined. The pushback began with the invasion of Georgia in 2008 and dangerously escalated in Ukraine last year. In other words, for Matlock, ‘we caused Putin.’ The implication is that a correction of Western policies could ameliorate the current state of affairs.
Kikaha appreciates why many would wonder if he can regain peak form following a third left anterior cruciate ligament tear since college, so he doesn’t take offense to the skepticism surrounding his comeback.
“When you’re the underdog, you always have to come from behind and take what’s yours,” Kikaha said. “Hopefully, it all plays out perfectly and it will be a great story.”
Homeowners Association threatens to take dog from woman's home Copyright by WCBD - All rights reserved Video
Nancy Butler says, "Nobody has the right to come and take any one's dog away from them."
Butler got a letter from the HOA at Seaside Farms. It says she has a "pit bull dog" at her house and pit bulls are not permitted on Seaside Farms property. The letter says if she doesn't remove the dog, there will be fines and possible legal action to take the dog away.
The HOA told Nancy she needed to get a letter from a veterinarian saying Bee is not a pit bull. She got three of those letters from three different veterinarians and the HOA is still threatening to take the dog away. Joe Elmore, CEO of the Charleston Animal Society, says it isn't even possible for Bee to be a "pit bull".
GC: My next goal, well I hope to advance my DNF distance for a bit till the end of the year. After that, I’ll take few weeks of rest and travel around before we start everything all over again.
That’s the crazy part. Blockchain now manages 2.3 million bitcoin wallets, and didn’t take any outside funding so far — it was all organic growth and staying lean.
The company only stores encrypted files on its servers as a backup, but it doesn’t actually hold your bitcoins. When you log into a Blockchain wallet, the wallet fetches that file and decrypts it. It means that Blockchain is immune to hacker attacks and can’t take transaction fees.
Bitcoin conversions with traditional currencies are slowly becoming a commodity industry, especially for B2C services. For example, Circle doesn’t take any fee when you transfer USD from your bank account to its service. Many bitcoin startups will have to find alternative revenue streams, and Blockchain already has a head start.
The UN's Millennium Development Goals took advantage of this in the year 2000, calling for a halving of poverty, but backtracking to the year 1990 to include the income gains across China. The UN also revised statistical and caloric standards to ensure that its poverty reduction goals were reached.
You don't like it, you need to take it up with the University of Alabama-Birmingham's computer forensics research department. They proved - PROOOOOOVED - that the Ron Paul campaign for the 2008 election was spamming the Internet in 2007.
One of the most notable leaders supporting the rebels against the “Russian oppression” in Afghanistan was a Western supported Osama Bin-Laden. A few years later, when there were nobody to fight against in Afghanistan he found new victims for his fight. Now in the Free Western World that supported him before, with all the tactical skills his people were studied by Western instructors. In Russia there is a proverb, something like “Don’t dig a hole for someone else, as you will fall into it yourself”, some Russian soldiers found that it was true in this occasion, after learning that those guy they fought for years, took over the Afghanistan after they left and started to fight now against his supporters.
SINN Fein’s seven MPs will fly into London today to take up their Commons offices - sparking Tory fears they may try to wreck the Prime Minister’s wafer thin majority.
PA:Press Association 6 Seven Sinn Fein MPs including Barry McElduff (left) and Michelle Gildernew (right) will fly to London to take up their Westminster offices after celebrating with leader Michelle O'Neill (centre)
(I would have included a photo of them in their lovely wrapping paper, but I realised once I'd taken the photo and then opened them that I took the photo on my unsightly bedroom floor and then moved them to the bed... Sorry!)
Hundreds of demonstrators took to the streets Friday to participate in pro-worker, anti-police-brutality rallies, as well as one that was billed as anti-capitalist. According to the Seattle Times, one protester broke a window and others threw rocks at police before law enforcement responded with flash bangs.
Pepper spray flash bangs craziness. Police took back the street #MayDaySea#Videopic.twitter.com/jY9XF1ANZ7 — Lauren Frohne (@laurenfrohne) May 2, 2015
"As we continue to witness acts of violence from protesters, we urge folks on Capitol Hill to exercise caution," said Mayor Ed Murray in a statement. "Seattle Police are advising that businesses on Broadway and other Capitol Hill streets should take reasonable precautions to protect their employees and customers. Police will continue to work to protect people and property in the area, and will make arrests when necessary."
The entire play through took me just under 6 hours. If you go for a 100% it would probably take double that to 12 hours. Definitely worth it at the $15 price point. That's actually so good for the quality of game it is. I played on the intermediate difficulty, and would not say that was any challenging. It was very comfortable. The puzzles were not too hard nor were the enemies. A big complaint I have is that the enemies would become so annoying while trying to solve the puzzles. I believe the puzzles were so very well done that this could have been only puzzles and no combat. Fighting enemies while exploring and not solving puzzles was much more enjoyable.
The Battle of Jutland took place between the British Grand Fleet and the German High Seas Fleet on the 31st May 1916 in the North Sea, off the mainland of Denmark.
You can follow the events of the Battle of Jutland step-by-step using maps, graphics, photographs and animations on how the battle unfolded. As well as a description of the events that took place, we will also be trying to explain the actions of Admiral Sir John Jellicoe, commander of the British Grand Fleet.
A van collided into a 10-wheeler truck and was engulfed in flames at about 3am on Friday on the Asian Highway in Sing Buri province, killing 14 people including the driver. The rescue team took about 20 minutes to put out the fire.
How, at age 2, she toted a mini-suitcase and took her first flight alone to visit an aunt in Arizona.
Mitt Romney did not back down from his feud with Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE at a GOP dinner Tuesday night.
The implementation is definitely clever, though [Jim] admits it is not without its problems. He took it to Maker Faire UK, and most people didn’t quite understand what they were seeing without a full explanation. The machine is not quite as reliable as he would like it to be, and he would like to make it a bit more powerful as it currently would take months to add two numbers together.
It’s hard to say. I’m trying to learn all there is to learn. They rate these injuries A to E, and B to E are an incomplete injury. Unfortunately, she has an A rating, and it was hard for her to take at the beginning, but she was like, “I’m not going to let these doctors tell me what to do,” or let any rating tell her. She still doesn’t have any sensation below the waist. Sometimes she feels things happening in her legs—they’ll get hot or cold—but there’s not what you’d classify as sensation. We’re going to have to wait and see. I know she’s not going to give up.
Yeah, when you get to be our age, really at this point, just trying to figure out who’s moving forward in your life and who is not, and who’s going to be with you for the rest of the way, and who isn’t. I think I covered a little bit of that, separating yourself from negativity so you can be in a better place without it. There are a couple songs that go that way. It pulls from what I’ve been through with my wife, the concept of what that was like. She and I have grown a lot—her family is in Russia, mine’s in Florida—so going through that together, the two of us, having it be challenging to have a real support system there, and calling out for help. So that was one different take on that experience.
He’s doing well. He’s trying to take care of himself, eating gluten-free, taking some meds. His last scans are really good. He’s not officially cancer-free, but it’s good to be contained and do everything you can do. I don’t think there are any red flags for now and that’s all you can ask for. Onstage, it’s not holding him back in any way.
Coldplay is my favorite band of all time, and the guy who programs for them is Jon Hopkins. Ryan Mendez opened my eyes to him, so I started listening to [Hopkins’ solo material] and learned a lot about how he does what he does, and a lot of the stuff he does on his own is a lot more aggressive and kind of grittier than what he does on the Coldplay records, and we took a lot of inspiration from that. A lot of bands we love do interesting stuff sonically that we’ve never done before. I think I found a really cool marriage of programmed electronic elements to use on the record, but keeping everything sounding super-organic with the instruments going along with it, and the violin is a part of that. We used it in so many ways to create cool sounds and a balance, where sometimes you don’t even know it’s a violin.
Firstly, sarin is difficult to make. Anyone who claims otherwise is oblivious to both history and chemical engineering. Germany, the US and the former Soviet Union took years to perfect the process. Its production requires a number of complex steps and the ability to handle highly dangerous chemicals at very closely controlled high temperatures and pressures. There is no evidence anyone has come up with any sort of streamlined method to manipulate the molecules to make sarin.
Fourth, economics. To make this operation work it is going to take a lot of highly trained people, raw materials, and specialised equipment, as well as a facility. It would cost many tens of millions of dollars. When the rebel factions are so stretched for resources, does it make any sense to spend, say, $50m on a weapon of limited utility? Lavish expenditure must raise a paper trail somewhere; there would be order books and receipts. Let's see them.
Well, no need to fear...I've done this enough times to have a easy way to do home repairs with a few simple items. Note that this ONLY covers light scuffs, this isn't meant to be used to repair a DAMAGED wheel or one where the scuffs cause significant damage to the rim. This is only for those annoying superficial scuffs like happened to me more times than I care to admit. Now there are PLENTY of GOOD services which can do this for VERY reasonable money...most folks will happily do this but I'm inpatient and have the free time (generally) to spend a couple of hours doing this and it REALLY takes the edge off donking my wheels when I know I can simply fix it myself.
Now we SHOULD be nearly done BUT (as always) Pete got inpatient and sprayed the clear WAY too soon and lifted the paint and messed it all up. This is NO BIGGIE...take a deep breath, get out your rag and the paint thinner and take it all off. The thinner I used did not eat into the primer so I simply cleaned the wheel (again) and got to respray the silver.
A good sausage is always a treat but tasty batter takes a little more work. I experiment with milk (Grigson), milk and water (Slater and Smith), milk and sparkling water (Simon Hopkinson and Lindsey Bareham) and milk and pale ale (Gayler). The all-milk pudding is definitely richer, but also noticeably softer and doughier. Water gives a crisper result, and sparkling water, as the authors note, an even lighter batter – but the flavour isn't as good. Using a mildly sparkling beer instead means the batter is both light and tasty, and handily leaves you with most of a bottle to enjoy while the toad cooks.
3. Put the remaining fat in a roasting tin (mine's about 26cm x 21cm) and put in the oven to heat. Once the sausages are browned all over, and the batter has rested, take it out of the oven and put over a medium flame. Pour in the fat from the sausage pan, followed by the batter, which should sizzle as it hits the tin. Add the sausages and return to the oven.
This is very much in keeping with the global trend. Premier national space agencies such as NASA or ESA or JAXA do not engage in commercial manufacture of communications satellites or leasing transponders. They instead focus on building next generation R&D capabilities and possibilities, leaving the private sector to take care of commercialization.
Oakley just loves the water though, and no matter how many times he fell in, it didn’t phase him one bit, while I on the hand will shiver and demand to be wrapped in a blanket for at least 10 minutes before re-emerging to take my position as captain once again.
UPDATE: It looks like Vick might take the president's advice to heart. On Wednesday, Vick tweeted this in reply:
Samsung has yet again acknowledged the issue and assures that it plans to fix it soon. "Samsung takes consumer privacy very seriously and our products are designed with privacy in mind", the company said in a statement.
This was originally to take place on a street outside Windsor Castle, but the princess (the current Queen’s grandmother) wanted her children to watch, so the start was moved by a few hundred yards inside the castle grounds, to a point just outside the nursery. That and the desire to place the finish line directly in front of the queen extended the length of the marathon, which had previously been loosely set at between 25 and 26 miles, to 26 miles and 385 yards, which remains the official marathon distance to this day. Those extra 385 yards, though, were to prove extremely important.
Conan Doyle is strangely moved by the Italian’s bravery. “It is horrible, and yet fascinating, this struggle between a set purpose and an utterly exhausted frame,” he wrote. Pietri’s penultimate fall took place a few yards from his seat. “Amid stooping figures and grasping hands I caught a glimpse of the haggard, yellow face, the glazed, expressionless eyes, the long, black hair streaked across the bow. Surely he is done now. He cannot rise again.”
Pietri is also said to have indulged in some mid-race strychnine, but blamed his failure to complete the race on eating too much steak for breakfast. The extent to which sports nutrition has changed in the past century can be seen from the testimony of Joseph Forshaw, who won the bronze medal (having, incidentally, soaked his socks in beef fat to aid comfort). “We followed the plan adopted at previous marathon races, eating a good breakfast of steak, following this with two raw eggs, some tea and toast,” he said. “On the way we took nothing but water, except four miles from the finish, having a stitch in the side, I took a drop of brandy. Ordinarily I don’t believe in drinking spirits, but I had to do something as the side was giving me trouble.”
News of the start at Windsor came to swarms of Londoners as they took their way to Paddington and Baker-street Stations to catch the race on the outskirts. The Prince of Wales had fired the electric gun, and the Crown Prince of Sweden had started off the field of 55 runners, these including the Canadian Indian Longboat, whose entry had been so severely opposed. Duncan, the Salford Harrier, who was favourite for the cup, had got off easily, and the running was being made by Clarke and Lord. All the places on the route where the train touched were buzzing with people. The City must have been half empty, the City man and his clerk were here in their tens of thousands, and there were huge clusters of Americans and foreigners with flags to betray them. There were few Frenchman for the nation was not competing. The heat seemed to be getting worse after two o’clock, and it was felt that whatever might be done no records would be broken near the half way post .... A programme somewhat deficient in interest had been arranged to occupy the earlier part of the afternoon at the Stadium before the Marathon race was timed to finish. The crowd, estimated at 70,000 at least, bore it in great patience, and even raised a little interest in high diving and pole jumping. But it was evident that the idea of a thrilling finish to the great race had caught the popular imagination. The heat of the blazing summer day had brought colour to the tiers of seats surrounding the arena. On the sunny side were rows of sunshades of every conceivable hue, and one could not help contrasting the scene with that of last week, when a handful of spectators had herded together under dripping umbrellas. Now they waved fans improvised from newspapers, and seemed uncomfortably hot at that.
A review of the Clintons' 2015 tax returns show they took in a combined $6.72 million from paid speeches. Their 2015 tax returns, which were released last week, also showed they paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent, and that they had an adjusted gross income of $10.6 million. Much of that came from paid speeches, and many of those speeches were to wall Street firms.
It wouldn't take much to turn it back.
The first 100 pods are set to take to the streets in 2015 as part of a £65 million infrastructure investment by Milton Keynes, with a full roll-out of the pods coming in 2017, when passengers will pay £2 per trip and summon their rides through a smartphone app.
However, the town's pub crawlers should take note that during the first tests, passengers will be responsible for the vehicle during the ride, so loading up on a few pints before heading back to the train station isn't allowed.
All of their communications with the outside world were subjected to a 20-minute delay — the time it takes for signals to get from Mars to Earth. The crew was tasked with conducting geological surveys, mapping studies and maintaining their self-sufficient habitat as if they were actually living on Mars.
The study also tested ways to help the crew cope with stress. When they became overwhelmed, they could use virtual reality devices to take them away to a tropical beach or other familiar landscapes.
Paul Pierce took a shot back at Kidd, saying the coach needs to make better halftime adjustments. The Nets, who led by seven at the half, lost the third quarter 34-15 and have been outscored by a combined 96 points in the third quarters of their 10 losses.
"I took them out bush, and we picked a bit of Gulbarn and I told them how we use it," Ms Billy said, outside the now up-and-running arts centre.
They took shelter under an awning in the park which was struck by lightning.
Four Republicans introduced the new legislation in North Carolina, House Bill 662; they included Rep. Josh Dobson, R-McDowell. Like a bill that a group of Democratts previously introduced and a plan Gov. Roy Cooper put out earlier this year, the proposed Carolina Cares plan would take advantage of federal funding of expansion under the Affordable Care Act. But unlike the other attempts, the new effort comes from a key segment of the House caucus.
Boe toured the United Kingdom with the Fron Male Voice Choir in February 2007 and took part in the first Classic FM webcast concert with soprano Natasha Marsh in March. The same month, he was appointed as an ambassador of the Prince of Wales Arts & Kids Foundation, a British educational charity working to inspire and educate children by introducing them to the arts. Boe's role being to bring music, and opera in particular for those children involved.[5]
On 3 October 2010, Boe took on the role of Jean Valjean in a concert performance of the musical Les Misérables at the O2 Arena in London to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the show, released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc. The concert encore performance of "Bring Him Home", credited as the "Valjean Quartet" — Boe with Colm Wilkinson, John Owen-Jones and Simon Bowman (each of whom has portrayed Valjean in various theatrical productions) — was re-recorded at the Abbey Road Studios and released as a charity CD single and digital download on 13 December 2010. On 16 December 2010, Boe once again performed as Valjean in the Royal Variety Performance in front of Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall singing "What Have I Done?", and "Bring Him Home" again alongside Wilkinson, Owen-Jones and Bowman.
Elmendorf was chosen six years ago by then House Budget Committee chairman John Spratt (D-S.C.) and reappointed four years ago by then Senate Budget Committee chairman Kent Conrad (D-N.D.). If nothing else, he can take solace in the fact that everybody seems to love the job he's done during enormously trying times. Even before conservatives began weighing in, former White House budget chief Peter Orszag (himself a former CBO director) urged Republicans not to appoint a "party hack" to the CBO director's chair -- and to keep Elmendorf on the job.
Economics, like most disciplines, took a hit after 2008. Between then and 2010, the number of listings fell to 2,285 from 2,914. But this year's 3,309 is greater not only than the 2008 level, but of every year from 2001 on. The number of open positions also far exceeds the number of new Ph.D.s awarded in economics.
Today, Boole’s name is well known to computer scientists (many programming languages have a basic data type called a Boolean), but in 1938 he was rarely read outside of philosophy departments. Shannon himself encountered Boole’s work in an undergraduate philosophy class. “It just happened that no one else was familiar with both fields at the same time,” he commented later. Boole is often described as a mathematician, but he saw himself as a philosopher, following in the footsteps of Aristotle. The Laws of Thought begins with a description of his goals, to investigate the fundamental laws of the operation of the human mind: The design of the following treatise is to investigate the fundamental laws of those operations of the mind by which reasoning is performed; to give expression to them in the symbolical language of a Calculus, and upon this foundation to establish the science of Logic ... and, finally, to collect ... some probable intimations concerning the nature and constitution of the human mind. He then pays tribute to Aristotle, the inventor of logic, and the primary influence on his own work: In its ancient and scholastic form, indeed, the subject of Logic stands almost exclusively associated with the great name of Aristotle. As it was presented to ancient Greece in the partly technical, partly metaphysical disquisitions of The Organon, such, with scarcely any essential change, it has continued to the present day. Trying to improve on the logical work of Aristotle was an intellectually daring move. Aristotle’s logic, presented in his six-part book The Organon, occupied a central place in the scholarly canon for more than 2,000 years. It was widely believed that Aristotle had written almost all there was to say on the topic. The great philosopher Immanuel Kant commented that, since Aristotle, logic had been “unable to take a single step forward, and therefore seems to all appearance to be finished and complete.”
He also imagined a machine that could process the language, which he called the calculus ratiocinator. If controversies were to arise, there would be no more need of disputation between two philosophers than between two accountants. For it would suffice to take their pencils in their hands, and say to each other: Calculemus—Let us calculate. Leibniz didn’t get the opportunity to develop his universal language or the corresponding machine (although he did invent a relatively simple calculating machine, the stepped reckoner). The first credible attempt to realize Leibniz’s dream came in 1879, when the German philosopher Gottlob Frege published his landmark logic treatise Begriffsschrift. Inspired by Boole’s attempt to improve Aristotle’s logic, Frege developed a much more advanced logical system. The logic taught in philosophy and computer-science classes today—first-order or predicate logic—is only a slight modification of Frege’s system. Frege is generally considered one of the most important philosophers of the 19th century. Among other things, he is credited with catalyzing what noted philosopher Richard Rorty called the “linguistic turn” in philosophy. As Enlightenment philosophy was obsessed with questions of knowledge, philosophy after Frege became obsessed with questions of language. His disciples included two of the most important philosophers of the 20th century—Bertrand Russell and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Russell and his colleague Alfred North Whitehead put forth the most ambitious attempt to complete Hilbert’s program with the Principia Mathematica, published in three volumes between 1910 and 1913. The Principia’s method was so detailed that it took over 300 pages to get to the proof that 1+1=2. Russell and Whitehead tried to resolve Frege’s paradox by introducing what they called type theory. The idea was to partition formal languages into multiple levels or types. Each level could make reference to levels below, but not to their own or higher levels. This resolved self-referential paradoxes by, in effect, banning self-reference. (This solution was not popular with logicians, but it did influence computer science — most modern computer languages have features inspired by type theory.) Self-referential paradoxes ultimately showed that Hilbert’s program could never be successful. The first blow came in 1931, when Gödel published his now famous incompleteness theorem, which proved that any consistent logical system powerful enough to encompass arithmetic must also contain statements that are true but cannot be proven to be true. (Gödel’s incompleteness theorem is one of the few logical results that has been broadly popularized, thanks to books like Gödel, Escher, Bach and The Emperor’s New Mind). The final blow came when Turing and Alonzo Church independently proved that no algorithm could exist that determined whether an arbitrary mathematical statement was true or false. (Church did this by inventing an entirely different system called the lambda calculus, which would later inspire computer languages like Lisp.) The answer to the decision problem was negative.
Sadly, as the money takes over the game and league football is primarily all that matters any more to the big teams around the world, cup games have taken a back seat, with the top teams fielding weaker sides full of younger and fringe players. We see it ourselves here in Vancouver every year with the Whitecaps in the Canadian Championship. Something that cost us big time in the second leg against Montreal last month.
Canada Soccer announced in March that the Canadian Championship will be getting a long overdue reboot from next season. The 2018 battle for the Voyageurs Cup will be expanded to include both the League1 Ontario and Première Ligue de soccer du Québec champions. Canadian Premier League side are expected to all take part in the competition once that gets underway in 2019.
“Only the League1 champions will be eligible. Down in the US, 21 PDL teams took park in this year’s US Open Cup. There are 70 teams in PDL. 21 of them have qualified to become eligible to be in the US Open Cup. Now that environment has been functioning for a very long time.”
‘When we review content that is reported to us, we will take a more holistic look at the context surrounding a violent image or video,’ a Facebook spokesman said.
Dr Arthur Cassidy, of suicide prevention group the Yellow Ribbon Program, said: ‘It only takes seconds of exposure to such graphic material to leave a permanent trace – particularly in a young person’s mind.’
If we reach this stretch goal, we will introduce gigantic monsters into the game. These monsters will take up more than one square/space. This opens up the door, allowing us to add giants, wyverns, dragons, and other massive creatures of dark lore and legend. Also, if we reach this stretch goal any backer who chose to Design a Dark Race will be invited to create an epic monster for their newly spawned race of evil!
The Trese Brothers are a pair of brothers on a mission -- to build the best RPGs for mobile devices, to build games that we love to play, and hope that you love to play too. We can’t compete with the big game shops and their slick rendering and graphics, and frankly we don't want to. We take our productions in a different direction, where we produce and faithfully support deeply complex and challenging mobile games that go far, far beyond “casual.” We listen closely to our community of fans, gamers, and critics on how to improve the games and continuously push new updates and improvements into all of our games. We have literally shipped hundreds of updates to our three games over the last two years. And we have fans who have played our games for two years and still love them. Talk about getting your few bucks worth! Try them yourself --
Justice Minister Peter MacKay takes questions from reporters on Monday about the Ottawa man who travelled to Syria to join ISIS. (Chris Rands/CBC) "The RCMP of course are examining things such as recognizance and peace bonds that are preventative and pre-emptive, and we're looking at legislation, as you know, that would address that through such things as lowering [evidentiary] thresholds and allowing for police to have greater ability to intervene in cases such as this where there have been very pronounced and very specific threats that have been made."
7. The festival was named Woodstock, but didn’t actually take place in Woodstock.
Even though, it was only witnessed by a fraction of the crowd. Most attendees had gone home by the time Hendrix took stage at 9 am on a Monday morning.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample EFF challenged lawless warrantless home video surveillance. It violates Fourth Amendment rights. It states: The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.” Wahchumwah’s Fourth Amendment rights were violated. An undercover US Fish and Wildlife Service agent secretly recorded information inside his home on a concealed video camera in his clothes. Wahchumwah was charged with violating the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act and Lacey Act for allegedly selling bald and gold eagle feathers. He moved to disallow lawlessly obtained video information. His motion was denied. He appealed. EFF supports him. In United States v. Jones (January 2012), the Supreme Court ruled the Fourth Amendment prohibits using warrantless GPS surveillance to monitor a person’s car on public roads for 28 days. The decision applies to video surveillance at home. Wahchumwah let the agent enter his home. He didn’t agree to videotaping, especially doing it secretly. EFF said “intensive video surveillance” previously “was reserved for serious, violent crimes.” Now it’s possible for any reason targeting anyone, including secretly at home. A Final Comment A 2008 ACLU report titled “American Surveillance Society” said: Post-9/11, mass surveillance became policy. Ordinary Americans are watched intrusively. Their ‘telephone calls and e-mails, web browsing records, financial records, credit reports, and library records’ are monitored. ‘(P)eaceful political and religious activities’ are watched. Everyone is swept up in national dragnet to monitor virtually everything about everyone secretly ‘with little or no oversight by the courts, Congress, or the public.’ Big brother arrived with electronic ease. Constitutional rights are violated. Freedom is slipping away fast. A 2003 ACLU report said “Big Brother is No Longer a Fiction.” America is a “total surveillance society.” Today everyone is unprotected. Washington takes full advantage. Surveillance grows like a “monster.” Unknowingly, ordinary people are lawlessly targeted. Unchecked government power threatens freedom. In America, it’s perilously close to life support. Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at [email protected] His new book is titled How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War Also visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com and listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening. http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour/ var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text=’Related Articles:’
This group may have acted completely innocently. The issue, however, was not dropped by the men, and a few weeks later, on November 2, 2005, the group joined forces with the New Jersey-based American Muslim Union and the New York City chapter of CAIR for a joint press conference concerning the incident. At the conference, the men complained that they had been humiliated at Giants Stadium, and that their "main aim [in publicizing the episode] was to bring to light and educate people about what it is we're supposed to do."[25] They also took the opportunity to promote a campaign called "Pray for Understanding,"[26] which the executive director of the New York office of CAIR described as a way to teach people about Islam. The tie-in to the "Pray for Understanding" campaign at the press conference suggests the possibility that the incident at Giants Stadium may have been staged to create a platform to promote an ulterior public relations agenda.
As I talk to my friends and colleagues, I understand that retirement means something very different to us than it did to the previous generation. Many of us want to continue to work, others want to give back to their communities and the world while some want to follow long delayed dreams. What does retirement mean to you? When you take your fanciful day trips to the future, what do you see?
The TedxDeExtinction conference, discussing how and whether to resurrect extinct species from DNA, took place on the Ides of March 2013 at the National Geographic headquarters in Washington, DC. Watch archived versions of the talks.
I will admit my bias straight off: I’m skeptical of the utility of resurrecting extinct species for a multitude of reasons. Many extinct species no longer have the wild habitat to support them, even if a population could be resurrected from DNA, as Brian Switek wrote. Cloning technology is advancing quickly, but not yet ready for large-scale implementation, a topic Ferris Jabr takes on. And, to note the more mundane step between cloning and wild release, we can’t keep most wild animals alive in captivity, which is why you see the same species in zoos around the world. Are we really prepared to keep animals alive if, for example, we don’t even know what environment they prefer or what they eat?
What makes our extinctions different, however, is that we can learn from them. We can avoid having to lament species by learning how to take better care of habitats and ecosystems, how to use technology and back-crossing to induce greater genetic variation in small, endangered populations to give them a better chance of survival, and how to properly raise animals in captivity and then release them into the wild.
According to Joseph Gutheinz, a University of Phoenix instructor and former NASA investigator, NASA did not always take good care of lunar material. Sometimes, space suits were just hosed off and any moon dust on them just washed away.
NASA representatives agreed to buy this moon-rock for an incredible price of $1.7 million. The meeting was agreed at Denny’s restaurant at Lake Elsinore in Riverside County. While this restaurant probably saw a lot, it had never witnessed what happened next. As soon as granny Davis showed the moon sample, half a dozen sheriff’s deputies and NASA investigators wearing bulletproof vests rushed in. When they took a hold of her, she was so scared she lost control of her bladder and in that condition was questioned and detained for two hours outside at nearby parking lot.
I have two main bones of contention. The first is Daudi’s behaviour. Based on the additional allegations made via tweets and offline discussions that have occurred since the news of my complaint came to light on 9th July, it would not be a stretch to call Daudi’s alleged behaviour predatory. Such predation is enabled by a culture of silence and secrecy that encourages victims of harassment to “not make a fuss” or “persevere” or “just ignore him until he gets tired or bored and goes away.” This culture leads many, many victims to not call out predatory behaviour and report it as the violence it actually is. This culture feeds into the victims’ fears that there is no point in speaking out against the harassment they face and leads them to feel like they have no option but to suffer in silence. This must stop! We cannot expect victims of harassment to speak up if they are (rightly) afraid that public opprobrium will follow.
Competition to feed humans has grown difficult enough that a Seattle couple, Dawn and Ben Ford, opened a food truck for humanity's best friend.
As I sat in silence, the story of Jesus feeding the 5,000—more than that counting women and children—came to mind. When I read the Bible passages (Mt 14:13-16, Mk 6:30-37, Jn 6:1-13) something struck me. Consistent in all three, Jesus did not say to the apostles that he would feed them—he said you feed them.
I only have a small amount to share—of confidence, courage, and love. But in the hands of Jesus, what little I have is multiplied enough to feed those standing beside me, and he gives me enough for another day.
I said long ago the only solution was for the fed to buy these loans and refinance them at current market values. Banks could have continued servicing them to earn their money. A $100,000 loan modfied down to $70,000 still means a $135,000 total repayment at 5% interest. This could have allowed most people to keep their homes and also would set the ground for newly valid mortgage contracts. And the government could have even made a profit on it and saved the economy in one quick swoop. Proves they are not friends of the people.
Travelling to Hull the next day, practically a stone’s throw away on the other side of the river Humber, took almost two hours because there is no proper train connection. Local entrepreneurs told me how fed up they were with the bad infrastructure and the lack of investment from Westminster. I heard “you in London” a lot, even though I was only a temporary Londoner for two months.
The people I spoke to who had voted for Brexit and claimed to be fed up with Europe really had more specific concerns: sinking living standards, a lack of affordable housing, rising poverty and an inefficient NHS. All good reasons to be disgruntled, though Brussels is hardly to blame.
Frank Stauss, a political consultant who has organised several election campaigns for the Social Democrats in Germany, said Trump’s biggest asset was “that he didn’t stand for going on with business as usual”. Trump’s voters in the US wanted a change, and so did leave voters in Britain. They were fed up with an establishment that promised wealth and prosperity in the EU when they were experiencing the opposite.
According to research by Poverty and Social Exclusion, 30 million people in the UK suffer from financial insecurity, 4 million people are not properly fed and 2.3m households cannot afford to heat the living areas of their homes. On the other hand, more billionaires live here than in many other countries, and the economy has grown over the last six years.
Pearson was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the daughter of two incarcerated drug addicts, and was raised in an East Baltimore foster home. Born a premature crack baby and weighing only three pounds, she was not expected to live.[1] She was so small that she was fed with an eyedropper until she could be fed normally.[1] According to her memoir, Grace After Midnight, she met her biological parents very few times; her mother was a crack addict and her father was an armed robber. She thus decided to go by her foster family's surname. She was a tomboy from a young age.
The scientists inserted into yeast cells a handful of genes isolated from the opium poppy. These genes encode the enzymes the plants use to produce opiates. After tweaking the system to adjust the relative amounts of the enzymes, the researchers could feed their yeast a precursor chemical called thebaine, and get pure morphine in return.
“This didn’t happen in a vacuum,” Heba Morayef, an Egyptian human rights advocate, said. “It came after three years of almost constant rising xenophobic propaganda, fed by the security services, encouraging citizens’ arrests of foreigners, and so on … There are so many people in the Egyptian security forces that talk about this foreign conspiracy, that more and more people start to believe it. This is how a deeply paranoid police state operates.”
Our democracy and Parliament was meant to be the envy of the world at the end of Second World War, but this fed into a British complacency and conceit. One British expert on politics responded to an American academic by stating that ‘the British constitution’ was ‘as nearly perfect as any human institution could be’. Now only two other democracies in the world have parliamentary sovereignty, New Zealand and Finland, while the First Past the Post electoral system is only rarely used in places such as the USA, Canada and India. British democracy is increasingly an anachronism in the world.
The Utah Red Hills Renewable Energy Park, set to be built on a site with excellent solar irradiation, will generate around 210 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity per year, which will be fed into the grid under a twenty-year Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with PacifiCorp’s Rocky Mountain Power, according to the utility’s obligation under the federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act. When operational by the end of 2015, the plant will be Utah’s largest solar energy generation facility, generating enough energy to power approximately 18,500 homes annually. Based on US Environmental Protection Agency estimates, it will produce enough renewable power to prevent nearly 145 thousand tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually—the equivalent to not burning 156 million pounds of coal each year.
The Bulls open the season October 29 in Miami against the defending champs. Nothing like having to watch your most hated enemy hang up a banner to kick off the season. Imagine if Mitt Romney had to go to the presidential inauguration while being force fed coffee and other hot drinks. Fucking nightmare.
In an interview with Wired, Bastian Obermayer, the Süddeutsche Zeitung reporter who first interacted with the anonymous whistleblower, said the German paper had months of encrypted conversations with the source, who over a few months continuously fed the reporters troves of confidential documents, emails, and invoices.
Alberta is proposing rates ranging from $1.70 per $100 of insurable earnings for things like greenhouse work up to $2.25 for grain farming and $2.97 for workplaces involving large animals, including beef producers, feed lots, livestock auctions and horse stables.
But as he wrote in his 1984 paper announcing Morturneria’s discovery, “the long, slender and delicate teeth may have formed a ‘trapping’ device that enabled (the animals) to feed on small fish and crustaceans that abound in the same deposits.”
The key to understanding the chances of real change lies in recognizing that the most important variable in that equation is us. Life isn't a tv channel or Facebook feed to get updates on; it must be interactive for any success to occur. Think of Bernie's groundbreaking campaign- did we all just wait to see the results? Or did we make it happen? Yes, we were driven by enthusiasm and hope back then, which is now (quite purposely) in short supply...
Conway said, “I really would ask people to think about the hateful rhetoric. This man, this shooter the other day, didn’t hate baseball, He hated Republicans, and his social media feed was a complete anti-Trump, anti-Republican screed. For those particularly in the media who are so obsessed with the president’s social media postings, why isn’t everybody looking inside a little bit at what they’re posting and what they’re saying? Nobody is responsible for this shooting except the shooter. There is no question about that. But at the same time you can oppose policies, but with some such hateful charged rhetoric that active resistance becomes armed resistance in the case of this lone gunman.”
The researchers found that P. aestuarii could accept electrons generated from G. sulfurreducens and use them in a new type of anaerobic photosynthesis never before seen. Similar to how a battery or fuel cell works, the bacteria transfer electrons. They feed off each other to grow under conditions in which neither could grow independently.
Lindy West: What comes through in this letter is that their relationship isn't "real" until she can fix herself. That's how I felt about myself; I needed to fix this problem that made me not a real woman and not worthy of the respect that every other human being deserves. Everything was on hold until I could make myself thin. There was just this really low-grade despair all the time, because the narrative that you're fed is that as a woman, your job is to be pretty and small — small physically and small in your presence. And then you wait for someone to pick you. I was always very aware that I didn't look like the kind of girl who got picked, and so I was sort of resigned to the fact that I would be alone.
The channel stated the incident was caused by a mix up in the feed – as the station’s parent company also operate adult channels.
Ishmael experiences other tropes or turnings from his thanatopsis mood, as when in the Spouter Inn he is terrified by the prospect of a cannibalistic, harpoon-toting savage for his bedmate, only to find a bosom friend who indirectly saves his life; as when in the chapel, staring at signs of his seemingly foreordained death in the black-bordered tablets commemorating sailors lost at sea, he finds unaccountably that his "Faith, like a jackal, [that] feeds among the tombs, [.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer, on Google+ or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed . His e-mail address is gkeizer@computerworld.com.
The Dietary Guidelines for Americans direct our attention and research resources towards unscientific and specious “nutrients of concern” and dietary dogma while distracting us away from the actual causes of obesity, diabetes and chronic non-communicable diseases. It is well-established that 80% of Americans are not at risk for any dietary deficiencies, yet more than 95% of Americans do not meet the minimum physical activity guidelines. Because of this simple fact, with each passing generation our children become better fed but less fit, less healthy, and fatter.
The Harper government was clearly fed up with Iran on many fronts and chose to dispense with stagnant diplomatic ties that it decided were just getting in the way of tougher criticism. But it made Canadian foreign policy look erratic by muddling the message.
The army was the only organized institution in Somalia. As a repressive apparatus, it was supposed to protect the so-called civilian government and the elite. But for many Somalis coming from different families and areas, the army was also an exchange place where there were no borders, no tribalism, no clan divisions. This is how Marxist ideas from Aden circulated among the army. So the coup d’état was led by officers who were most of all nationalist. They did not have a good knowledge of socialism but they had sympathy for those ideas. Moreover, they knew what was happening in Vietnam, and that fed anti-imperialist feelings. The civilians, who knew Marx and Lenin’s teachings lacked a mass political party, supported the coup d’état and become the advisers of the officers who took power.
Whatever way you look at it, using violence to coerce is terrorism. Not only is it commonplace, it the design of our society’s institutions — from the more obvious government and military institutions to the less obvious nuclear energy industry, which feeds materials to nuclear weapons programs, and the media, which portrays the acts of war in perfect alignment with government rhetoric. Yes, the machinery of war is so commonplace in the United States that we can’t even see the problem let alone then begin to define it!
True, pretty much our entire lives are on our phones - but when you’re with someone else, devote your time and energy to being present and engaged with them, instead of with your device. All of your feeds can wait to hear about how your friend was chased down the street by someone dressed as a horse.
pr , pw := io . Pipe ( ) // we need to wait for everything to be done wg := sync . WaitGroup { } wg . Add ( 2 ) // we get some file as input f , err := os . Open ( "./fruit.txt" ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } // TeeReader gets the data from the file and also writes it to the PipeWriter tr := io . TeeReader ( f , pw ) go func ( ) { defer wg . Done ( ) defer pw . Close ( ) // get data from the TeeReader, which feeds the PipeReader through the PipeWriter _ , err := http . Post ( "https://example.com" , "text/html" , tr ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } } ( ) go func ( ) { defer wg . Done ( ) // read from the PipeReader to stdout if _ , err := io . Copy ( os . Stdout , pr ) ; err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } } ( ) wg . Wait ( )
The soft robot has in each of its legs a channel with a soft valve at the end. Methane and oxygen gases are fed into this channel in a ratio of one part methane to two parts oxygen. The computer that controls how much gas is let in also controls a high-voltage cable connected to electrodes in each leg.
Brown said that Waiters is trying to take some “initiative in the process.” His teammates, the same ones who were fed up with his antics during the winter-month drubbings, are also taking notice. Small forward Luol Deng said Waiters is “playing great right now.” Jack, the man who inhabits the locker next to Waiters when the two find themselves within the confines of The Q, has also seen marked improvement, but not just in the young guard’s play. Jack assured Waiters that the only reason people are hard on him is because of his ability and the expectations that come with being one of the best athletes in the world. He’s challenged Waiters to not only bring it on the court, but off of it as well.
But conversely, in an age of food scarcity, of ridiculously wasteful and polluting industrial agriculture being promoted as the only way to feed Australia (because we couldn’t possibly feed ourselves with localised small farm based food systems, apparently)…
"According to the findings, Israelis are fed up with seven years of Qassam rockets falling on Sderot and the communities near Gaza, as well as the fact that [Gilad] Shalit has been held captive for more than a year and a half," the newspaper said.
Precision farming tools will measure the mental state of individual animals, allowing farmers to make decisions about rearing pigs, from the way they are housed to the feed they are given.
Tailored diets could cut feed costs
Feeding pigs diets tailored to their individual daily needs can slash feed costs and ensure the sustainability of the UK pig industry, say scientists.
Using precision farming technology to ensure pigs are only provided with the nutrients they need can result in feed costs being cut by as much as 10%, research at the Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food in Canada found.
Often pigs are overfed nutrients, which are excreted in faeces and urine, creating a waste of feed and a negative effect on the environment, he says.
“Precision technologies help get the right amount of feed to the right pig at the right time,” says Dr Pomar. “It is a total shift in pig nutrition. Instead of basing their nutritional requirements on estimations collected from data, feeding with technology depends on an individual animal’s health, genetics and nutritional status, as well as external factors such as stress and management systems.”
In experiments run by Dr Pomar and his team, 60 pigs were fed diets with varying amounts of lysine from automatic feeders.
During the experiment, the pigs visited the feeder up to 110 times a day, but the overall amount of feed they consumed was 8-10% lower than traditional three-phase feeding.
Many of the new iOS 9 features are about bringing the platform into closer competition with Google and its Android OS. This is no more true than with Apple's reworked search offering. Populating your screen with contacts, apps, news feeds and nearby services, Apple wants to give you instant access to the most relevant data possible.
A second flight is due to arrive in Erbil today from Adana, Turkey, carrying 93 metric tonnes of food, enough to feed 11,500 people for three weeks. In addition to the flights, WFP is mobilizing more than 37,000 rations from around the region to feed up to 185,000 people for one month. Some 25 trucks carrying 500 metric tonnes of food supplies arrived Monday from Turkey to meet the urgent food need of refugees.
UNHCR has so far sent over 120 trucks of aid to camps and various centres hosting new arrivals, with more relief being dispatched from the agency’s stockpiles in Jordan. Meanwhile, WFP has distributed more than 1,500 family food rations, enough to feed 7,500 people for one month, in Kawergosk camp over the last few days. The ration includes rice, sugar, salt, wheat flour, lentils, and vegetable oil.
Yes. Yes it was. It sure freaking was. I have wasted no time playing catch-up on all of the cream cheese I missed out on eating during those dark days. This stuff is so superior to anything else I’ve tried. It’s sublime. Not only is it delicious vegan cream cheese… it just IS cream cheese. It takes exactly the same as the cow-derived variety, with none of the cruelty or digestive sadness. One of my good friends eats dairy foods. I fed him this stuff and he was even more excited than I am. He asked me for the recipe and now slathers it on his bagels too. I may not have turned him vegan yet, but I’m pretty sure there’s one more happy cow out there thanks to this amazing vegan cultured cashew cream cheese.
There isn't a ton at stake with the Colts this month, but an angry Andrew Luck coming off a disastrous season can't be ranked low. The same reasoning applies for the Buccaneers' Jameis Winston, who is going to my one of my favorite weekly watches when the real games start. Look to see if he feeds unheralded tight end Cameron Brate to help Brate win the starting job. ... This is a big month for Bears receiver Kevin White. Early reports in camp indicate that last year's No. 7 overall pick is coming along slowly after losing all of 2015 to injury. Fantasy drafters assuming that second-year pro Jeremy Langford will just dominate carries in the Chicago backfield also need to watch out for how rookie Jordan Howard and veterans Jacquizz Rodgers and Ka'Deem Carey are used. ... The Chargers are one of the teams we're most anxious to see in the regular season, but they don't offer a ton of intrigue this month. Keep an eye on whether second-year pro Melvin Gordon looks all the way back at running back after reportedly undergoing microfracture surgery on his knee in January. His hesitant preseason a year ago started his rookie campaign going the wrong way.
Can gossip a lot and force feed you even when you are not hungry. Can be waaay to noisy, and some of the guys can be pretty sleazy.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Originally, I wanted something that could just take BloodHounds output, parse it, feed it to Empire and make it follow the 'chain'. However, BloodHound does not take into account (at least to my knowledge) paths that could be achieved using domain privilege escalations such as GPP Passwords in SYSVOL (I personally find that one an almost every engagement).
Updates are constantly fed to Debian Testing, where users experience frequent regressions but also frequent bug fixes and improvements. LMDE receives “Update Packs” which are tested snapshots of Debian Testing. Users can experience a more stable system thanks to update packs, or switch their sources to follow Testing, or even Unstable, directly to get more frequent updates.
No. 8: Watch for moving goalposts. The Slate article reported that anti-GMO activists who present themselves as experts (at least one of whom Robinson had previously defended) gave false testimony in Hawaii. They testified that genetically engineered papayas had never been tested for safety in animals. I pointed to a study, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, in which the papayas had been fed to rats. Rather than acknowledge that the testimony was false, Robinson simply throws up another claim. She says evidence in the rat study contradicts the “belief that the GM papaya is safe.” This, too, is false: The paper (which is paywalled, sorry) reports “no genotoxicity,” “no biologically significant differences,” and “no biologically adverse effects.”
This is about feeding something else. Let's just be honest what it's about. This feeds the fear and the anger of a part of his base. This "Dreamers" -- immigration is a metaphor for us versus them and what is America.
We look at the aggregate numbers our industry spends and think it is significant dollars, but that’s a warped perspective. Imagine you are selling 10 bred heifers and I gave you $10 to promote them. The average fed animal grosses several thousand dollars and yet we are invested $1 per animal to promote the consumer products it produces.
"IS must have decided that they could no longer feed them, look after them. They were a burden," said Domli.
The Gospel Soul of Irma Thomas, 5/7, GOS, 3:55p: If you heard 1993’s Walk Around Heaven, you know how stirring Thomas can be as a gospel singer. She has a personal rule against singing gospel during a secular set, but her sacred side feeds into everything the Soul Queen of New Orleans sings.
Pastor Tyrone Jefferson, 4/28, GOS, 12:05p: This New Orleans native is the Senior Pastor of the Abundant Life Tabernacle Full Gospel Baptist Church and the CEO of Abundant Life Ministries. His extensive work serving the community has included efforts to improve voting rates, feed the hungry and get more young people enrolled in college.
Digitaria exilis)] that helps feed his family in southern Senegal Village chief of Boula Téné, [Senegal] Theodore Mada Keita, holds up the fonio grain [White fonio ()] that helps feed his family in southern Senegal
In recent years, some Shias have developed an extremist credo of their own, one that also borrows from history to enact present policy, chiefly that of revenge and secession as statecraft. This credo is driving events towards conflagration across the region in tandem with the jihadist agenda. It is important to understand the cyclical nature of extremism today in the Middle East: one cannot focus solely on the challenge posed by the policies and propaganda of the jihadists of the Islamic State, for Sunni and Shia extremists feed into each other. It is a toxic loop, which perpetually rationalizes why they need to go to extremes. The Shias may blame Zarqawi for “starting it” but had it not been for Shia heavy handedness against the Sunnis in Iraq and Syria, then Zarqawi’s heirs may not have found an opportunity to stage a comeback.
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
Fortunately for women in our modern times, publications old and new now offer “Lazy Girl” guides to shape them into some level of fitness for society. And I mean fitness in more than just the natural-selection sense: Lazy Girl guides can give her a great butt. They can style her clothes so she does not scare others, banish her cystic pizza face, make her lose weight, help her with her morning makeup, feed her a healthy meal, repair her tattered rags, tame her rat’s nest of a haircut, fix her repulsive cuticles, contour her shapeless blob of a face, learn her manners, teach her to keep house. The lazy girl is Eliza Doolittle, and the internet is her Henry Higgins.
Members of the Trump administration are certainly not making things easier on themselves by continuing to ignore or dismiss even the most sober, grounded concerns about Russia. Hours after Spicer tried to disappear both Manafort and Flynn from history, Reuters reported that Rex Tillerson, who has largely stayed off the radar despite his own longstanding ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, plans to skip what would be his first NATO meeting in order to attend a meeting between President Trump and Chinese President Xi Jingping that weekend at Mar-a-Lago. Days later, the secretary of state is also scheduled to meet with Putin, fueling speculation that Trump—who has called NATO “obsolete” and sparked concerns for his effusive praise of Putin—intends continue his alignment with Russia—a curious decision given the current political climate. “It feeds this narrative that somehow the Trump administration is playing footsie with Russia,” one former U.S. official told Reuters. “You don’t want to do your early business with the world's great autocrats. You want to start with the great democracies, and NATO is the security instrument of the transatlantic group of great democracies,” he added.
Instead, to protest and undermine Israel’s role as regional provocateur, target the corporate-financier interests that feed it billions of dollars annually. Separate, isolate, and protest Israel’s political leadership rather than Israel’s existence and population. Reach out to Israelis who oppose their government’s current posture of perpetual provocations, and those in the middle who may be swayed one way or another.
Hackers claimed credit for bringing down the cityofchicago.org site, according to Twitter feeds this morning. The cityofchicago.org appeared to be back to normal by 2 p.m.
"There weren't any cookies on the menu," he says. "I fed 'em cookies the first night — they ate 500!"
“I asked her, ‘Do you want me to call 911 and admit you to Palisades General? Or will you let me feed you sweet potatoes and kale?’ Amazingly enough, with the help of her daughter, she chose this,” Weiss said. “She doesn’t have diabetes anymore and chronic heart failure. She is cooking, sewing and walking around town. I’m not saying it’s easy, but she seized the opportunity and she is transformed.”
The shift of the strawberry business further south should be a boon to Mexican agriculture, food processing and trucking. For the agriculture in the U.S., profits will be lower as land ideally suited for strawberries will be used for feed corn. And, though President Trump campaigned on closing the trade deficit with Mexico, the deportation policy will expand it, as more profits from the strawberry trade accrue to Mexican land barons.
There are already countries in which access to birth control is rare or non-existent. In those places, women are forced to have child after child, since they often also have no say over if they will have sex or not. What happens to those children? As already stated, it takes a massive amount of resources to raise just 3 kids to adulthood - and that is in a first world country! In poorer countries its even worse!! Look at Africa. Do you know how many children die each day from starvation and lack of medical care? I can answer you. Thousands. They die a horrible death, slowly wasting away in agony because their parents can not afford to feed 15 kids.
At the Riverview farm, one witness would tell how he was made to sort fruit and vegetables given to the farm to feed the animals, picking out what could be given to the boys, Mr Beckett said. If he made a wrong choice, he was flogged.
The anonymous stencils first appeared in August. You’d notice them at reds as you braked at the mouth of an intersection. You’d look down, perhaps as you began to creep into the crosswalk, and spy the Day-Glo words on the asphalt: “Make Us Bicyclists Look Good.” And then, maybe, you’d stay put, waiting for that green. By the middle of August, the messages had emerged up and down 15th Street’s protected cycletrack, around the National Mall, and in bike lanes on R and T streets NW and Rhode Island Avenue. They contained affirmations like “Thank You for Biking,” “Your Bike Is Sexy,” and “Smile! You’re on a Bicycle”; cutesy reminders like “Please Bike Safely Honey. Love, Your Parents”; and cheeky exclamations like “Don’t Door Me Bro.” These weren’t missives for pedestrians, or motorists, or anyone who wasn’t on a bike. If you don’t spend any time in bike lanes, you probably didn’t see them. But among bike commuters, they quickly punctured daily water-cooler talk. Did you see the bike-lane graffiti? In the middle of August, Streetsblog, a transportation website, posted a video with a fist-pump-inducing soundtrack and described the stencil art as “extraordinarily motivating” and “sweet.” DCist called it “rather delightful”; Instagram and Twitter users memorialized their stencil-brightened commutes (“OMG I LOVE THESE!!!” read one Instagram comment); and for about a month, pictures of the stencils seemed to take over the popular #bikedc hashtag. (One of the stencils, sensing the opportunity, read “#bikedc.”) Even the District Department of Transportation conceded it had been charmed. While a spokeswoman told DCist that the agency planned to “check into” the stencil art, the @DDOT Twitter feed called the bike-lane messages “kinda cool!” On Reddit, users debated how the bicycle-lane messages might impact cycling etiquette. “This is fantastic, spray them right next to every rack and street lamp in florescent paint,” wrote one user. Others were skeptical, for different reasons. “I always stop at red lights regardless of these stencils and unfortunately they don’t seem to stop the 10+ riders behind me that blow through red lights on 15th and K St. for example,” wrote a Redditor. Another: “As one ‘asshole cyclist’ among many, I don’t know what they expect this to accomplish. We know exactly what we are doing and we do it anyway. It’s not some sort of ‘I didn’t know I couldn’t do that’ situation, nor do we go through red lights and stop signs by accident.” The messages proliferated throughout the fall, with dozens appearing in Shaw, Bloomingdale, and Logan Circle. Adams Morgan. Woodley Park. Downtown. Just recently in Arlington, at the entrance to the Key Bridge. After the 15th Street cycletrack was repaved—and the stencil art along it was destroyed—the tagger struck again, restamping the entire strip. One slogan emerged on M Street NW between 15th and 16th streets—a block where the city recently canceled part of a planned cycletrack at the urging of a church that wanted to preserve curbside space for congregants’ cars. The decision angered District bike advocates and inspired the mystery stenciler to tattoo the block’s pavement with the message “Jesus Loves Bicyclists.” That one threw some political shade, but for the most part the messages aren’t meant for bicyclists’ detractors. They say encouraging things such as “Drive Your Bike” and “Bike [Heart]” and “I Want to Ride My Bike With You,” like telegrams from the conscience of D.C.’s collective bicycling consciousness. From time to time on my ride home on 15th Street, I see fellow commuters stopping at red lights, spotting the stencils, and smiling. The messages are illicit by their nature but adorable in their content—quietly empowering random acts of cuteness. That, or they’re the least dangerous, least unsettling use of graffiti D.C. has ever seen. I started asking around. It turns out the person behind the stencils—I interviewed her on the condition of anonymity, and agreed to refer to her as the Bike Artist, or BA—isn’t a seasoned graffiti writer, a transit insurrectionist, or even an activist by inclination. Mostly, she wants bicyclists to be a little more polite, be a little friendlier with other road users, and feel a little more appreciated. Her project is both an undertaking of passion and a bit of a lark. And although it wants to inspire and improve the culture of bicycling in D.C., it might reveal even more about it. ***
Now the prevalence of violence within the community, particularly upon our streets, where it is alcohol related violence, has reached such epidemic proportions and the consequences of such violence in terms of injury upon people within the community has reached such a stage, that society - and rightly so - is fed up with people such as yourself and your colleagues.
After you’ve read this book and tried the recipes, you’re going to be as hooked as I am. You’ll never crave fast food again, eating healthy foods keeps you feeling energized and full throughout the day. And the best thing, you’ll never ever feed your family with processed foods again.
The longer of the two rods – the left one (although the user can swap them from side-to-side) – is the “ZiP LOAD” rod. You simply put your finger out there on the front of it—-right above the muzzle– and push it into the frame. That moves the bolt back behind the first round in the magazine and then feeds it into the chamber when you snap your finger off the rod.
The ZiP™ was consistently plagued with failures to feed. The bolt is often moving forwards before the magazine can lift the next round up into place. Even when it does feed, the bolt would often come forward so quickly that the ejecting empty brass was caught before it could escape the gun. These failures created some unique jams with empty brass smashed up somewhere in the ejection port and a new round partially fed into the chamber.
Due to the bolt speed, the ZiP only [mostly] works with the BX-1, 10-round mags. The BX-25’s don’t feed subsequent rounds quickly enough. ZiPFactory is supposed to release another Upgrade Kit for the BX-25 soon; essentially stronger springs. Most other aftermarket magazines don’t have quite the correct feed lip geometry and/or share the BX-25’s feed rate problem.
A bunch of developers published the ' agile manifesto ' in 2001 after they got fed up with the many software projects that hadn't worked. They thought that these projects were too complicated and too slow, in other words, they weren't sufficient enough. The developers had to do many unnecessary things. The system was inflexible and couldn't cope with changes. It was difficult to plan projects which eventually weren't accomplished on time. The participants were always stressed. And then the agile design process was born.
The EPL would do well to compromise here. Start an EPL Advanced Media department. Start producing and sharing your own content. Show your fans that you know how they watch your game. If the league goes forward with its plan to crack down, it will be biting the hand that feeds it. The crusade will just be seen as an affront to the fans.
The general rule for newborns is to change your baby about as often as you feed him. A lot of mums will change their baby in the middle of each feed. However you usually don’t have to do it at every night feed.
“Nobody looks at the fundamentals of valuations anymore,” Karthik Reddy, managing partner of Blume Ventures, a venture capital firm, told Quartz. “Three or four big players have emerged in India and most of the other startups now feed off that eco-system. But there is an inflexion point that is going to come soon.”
"Labour borrowing hits record" Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious. So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much? First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide. The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible. Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy. Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly. If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn. So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US). In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise. So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference. Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time. That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt? Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD. Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course. (Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997). So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster. But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher. Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care. Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't. Below is a selection of your comments: Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
"People are miserable, fed up," Forbes added. "Newcastle's current performance is like a permanent cloud over the city.
: With mobile now at more than 50 percent of usage, publishers are struggling with ad formats on the smartphone. How can the Android champion help there? RELATED ARTICLE Google and Storyful are launching YouTube Newswire, a feed of verified user-generated videos Joseph Lichterman Video : Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal.
Lam is her family’s sole breadwinner. “I have to feed my parents in the Mainland and my 15-year-old son who lives with me,” she says, “I work two jobs a day.”
It has been years since he has been legally allowed to sell and install CNG conversion "kits": essentially large gas cylinders that are placed in the boot of a car to feed the engine. The system allows for cars to still be able to use petrol instead, if required.
If general manager Masai Ujiri might have been a bit intemperate with his “Eff Brooklyn” statement before Game 1 of the series with the Nets, he was simply standing up for an organization that needs to command respect from a league that hasn’t shown much of it in the past half decade. There is more public fight to this group, more feistiness, more standing up for itself than it’s shown, more “We’re fed up and we’re not going to take it any more.” From front office personnel to players, coaches and support staff, it’s as if they’ve finally had enough of being slighted. The first post-season appearance since 2008 is a perfect avenue to get that out.
As Jonathan Schell points out in his magnificent book The Unconquerable World: Power, Nonviolence, and the Will of the People, violence is what the state uses when its other powers have failed, when it is already losing. In using violence the state often loses its moral authority and its popular support. That’s why sometimes their visible violence feeds our victory, tragic though the impact may be. It’s also telling that when the FBI or other government agencies infiltrate a movement or an activist group, they seek to undermine it by egging it on to more violence.
I've suffered from depression for a long time. At the worst of times, Khloe was there for me. I wasn't always the best "mother" to him … I didn't walk him as often as I should have, and fed him poor quality food (along with lots of human food that wasn't too good for him - not that he'd have complained about that!). But he was there, always at my side.
When we took him home he ate some chicken and rice and was okay with that for a day or two before he stopped eating again. He managed to go to the dog park one more time, it was only a short while, but he had fun as much as he could in his condition. He became tired very quickly, but he had fun walking around the park with his favorite ball. We took some pictures together. He was going downhill that last week. He was so weak I had to help him to bed and into the car for rides, I'd never had to do that before. I force fed him, and he hated it. We spent most of that week laying on the couch or in bed together.
“I decided to take this action because I was fed up with watching businesses profiting from stolen content and illegal content while doing so under the guise of ‘user uploaded’ or ‘internet freedom’,” King adds.
This came together quite a lot faster than the 2015 UK Election Results piece I did at Bloomberg. I think we only decided that we were going to purchase a live feed of election results from the Press Association about a week and a half ahead of the election night.
While working on an earlier subway article Rebecca and Ford heard that the MTA was contributing to overcrowding by not running as many trains as scheduled. We started looking into the MTA’s real-time feed of train arrival times to determine if that was true. It was harder than we anticipated.
The MTA doesn’t archive arrival time data (this page hasn’t been updated for years), so we only had data after we started scraping. The feed only listed trains’ projected arrival times; inferring trains’ actual position required comparing the feed at different timestamps and recording when each projected station arrival time was removed from the feed.
Without any documentation on how to do this from the MTA, the process wasn’t exact. I made a ton of Marey diagrams to diagnose different parsing errors: trains moving backwards through space/time, crossing over each other a single track line and splinting into two. It was hard to differentiate when stations disappearing from the feed indicated an arrival or a canceled trip.
Without a ground source of truth to compare different feed parsing algorithms to, there wasn’t any way to definitively count actual train throughput. We weren’t sure how to proceed until The Albany Visualization and Informatics Lab pointed us to a paper the MTA published on parsing their feed. Their approach wasn’t perfect-sometimes a single trip would get split into two segments-but it was good enough to count the number of trains going through Grand Central each hour.
While the likelihood of electors changing the outcome of the general election is extremely remote, the chance that they could feeds into the Trump narrative of a rigged process and encourages additional conspiracy theories among his supporters.
Scout's take: The Tigers have routinely fed the NFL a host of defensive gems, but Les Miles has several offensive skill-position players set to make their mark in a few years. From the terrific receiving tandem of Beckham and Landry to an intriguing quarterback in Anthony Jennings, the Tigers have assembled a lineup that will provide a ton of talent on both sides of the ball.
2. DON’T GO IT ALONE! Find someone whom you trust, and who is farther along than you are in the process of following Jesus, and study the Bible WITH that person (or, better yet, people). And ask a TON of questions. Also? Use the bazillion resources at your fingertips to find answers to your questions. (*hint* When not being used to feed ugly porn habits, the internet can be a rich source of material related to understanding the Bible. Help yourself…. to the Bible stuff, not the porn stuff. Stay away from the porn stuff.)
[Update, May 23, 2018: As I predicted almost a year ago, before the lawsuit was even filed, Trump’s twitter feed is indeed a public forum. A federal district court just denied his motion to dismiss. I haven’t read it in full yet, but I’ll update this post when I’ve had a chance.]
Here, Carter visited the Jim Adams’s campaign Facebook page (the “Campaign Page”), which was named “Jim Adams for Hampton Sheriff,” and he clicked the “like” button on the Campaign Page. When he did so, the Campaign Page’s name and a photo of Adams—which an Adams campaign representative had selected as the Page’s icon—were added to Carter’s profile, which all Facebook users could view. On Carter’s profile, the Campaign Page name served as a link to the Campaign Page. Carter’s clicking on the “like” button also caused an announcement that Carter liked the Campaign Page to appear in the news feeds of Carter’s friends. And it caused Carter’s name and his profile photo to be added to the Campaign Page’s “People [Who] Like This” list. Once one understands the nature of what Carter did by liking the Campaign Page, it becomes apparent that his conduct qualifies as speech. On the most basic level, clicking on the “like” button literally causes to be published the statement that the User “likes” something, which is itself a substantive statement. In the context of a political campaign’s Facebook page, the meaning that the user approves of the candidacy whose page is being liked is unmistakable. That a user may use a single mouse click to produce that message that he likes the page instead of typing the same message with several individual key strokes is of no constitutional significance. Aside from the fact that liking the Campaign Page constituted pure speech, it also was symbolic expression. The distribution of the universally understood “thumbs up” symbol in association with Adams’s campaign page, like the actual text that liking the page produced, conveyed that Carter supported Adams’s candidacy. See Spence v. Washington, 418 U.S. 405, 410–11, 94 S.Ct. 2727, 41 L.Ed.2d 842 (1974) (per curiam) (holding that person engaged in expressive conduct when there was “[a]n intent to convey a particularized message …, and in the surrounding circumstances the likelihood was great that the message would be understood by those who viewed it”); see also Tobey v. Jones, 706 F.3d 379, 388 n. 3 (4th Cir.2013). In sum, liking a political candidate’s campaign page communicates the user’s approval of the candidate and supports the campaign by associating the user with it. In this way, it is the Internet equivalent of displaying a political sign in one’s front yard, which the Supreme Court has held is substantive speech. See City of Ladue v. Gilleo, 512 U.S. 43, 54–56, 114 S.Ct. 2038, 129 L.Ed.2d 36 (1994).
In Latin America, the Mexican NGO Pronatura is working to preserve wild and cultivated plant species that feed bees. They work with local producers in these efforts, and they also carry out conservation projects such as restoring wild forests and protecting mangroves and other ecosystems.
Plant native species. Pollinators have evolved alongside native plants, so they are best adapted to feed on these species. Non-native plants often don’t have enough nectar or pollen. As an added bonus, native plants typically require less water, so they are easier for gardeners to maintain. When choosing species, opt for a diverse selection of plants with different flowering times so that flowers are blooming throughout the growing season, rather than all at once. Consult native plant guides in your region to determine which plant species attract certain types of pollinators. Avoid the use of chemicals. Many pesticides, herbicides, and fungicides are harmful to pollinator species. Use compost as a natural fertilizer, weed by hand, and look for non-chemical treatment methods to take care of pest infestations. Provide a welcoming environment. When planting your garden, arrange each species in large patches so that pollinators can forage more efficiently. Avoid the use of weed cloth or heavy mulch, as many native bee species nest underground. Provide habitat for pollinators by making piles of branches to attach chrysalises or cocoons. Leave stumps, rotting logs, and fallen organic material for nesting bees. Let dead or dying trees remain standing for woodpeckers. Educate your community. Share what you know about pollinator health and encourage schools, businesses, and public parks to make their green spaces pollinator-friendly.
The more often we keep the filthy claws of state and federal government out of our lives, the better. Once they get in, they never let go. The formation of the family court system, the state and federal offices of child support enforcement and all of the affiliated positions associated with it, has resulted in the creation of a massive state controlled Industry whose sole function is to affect the massive transfer of wealth from the father to the mother. The increase in state intrusion in our personal lives coupled with the culture of entitlement and unreasonable expectations currently embedded in our public consciousness, creates a system that feeds upon itself. It appears that this former government safety net has turned into a spider web. Eventually it will bleed fathers dry and the real victims will be their children.
Drones have been hack­able for years. In 2009, de­fense of­fi­cials told re­port­ers that Ir­a­ni­an-backed mi­li­tias used $26 of off-the-shelf soft­ware to in­ter­cept the video feeds of drones fly­ing over Ir­aq. And in 2011, it was re­por­ted that a vir­us had in­fec­ted some drone con­trol sys­tems at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada, lead­ing to se­cur­ity con­cerns about the se­cur­ity of un­manned air­craft.
But her recent health scare, in which she deceived virtually everyone about the real severity of her illness and showed extraordinarily bad judgment in continuing her public appearances, can only feed the deep distrust that so many voters, including many Democrats, now feel toward the former First Lady.
That wasn’t the only thing about Jahlil that made Slaughter’s jaw drop. The summer before he started at Whitney Young, Jahlil played for the coach’s AAU team. “We went to nationals in Orlando and stayed in a house,” recalls Slaughter. “That first night, Jahlil comes downstairs and grabs a mixing bowl. He takes the cereal, pours it in the mixing bowl, then pours in a half gallon of milk. I told his father, ‘I don’t know how the fuck you feed him. It’s unbelievable.’ ”
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today’s challenging market!
She was very depressed [and] very fed up with the Army Alexandra Barritt, Cpl Ellement's mother
"She told me she was very depressed, very fed up with the army, and wanted to come out."
"There is no community in the world that faced the civil death we have been facing; our children cannot have birth certificates and we cannot have identification cards. We are fed up," Hindy said.
Another source, working in the Border Patrol in south Texas, tells me: "Our station, along with every other station, is flooded with women and small children. One lady yesterday had a baby as young as 8 months. And they're coming over with pink eye and scabies. So getting them medically cleared becomes a priority. They'll be here for almost a week, so we provide them with formula and diapers. We have a catering service contracted to feed them because it's too many for us to feed on our own. And of course, they end up being released because every family housing facility is full. They're supposed to show up for immigration court at a later date, but they don't."
The state also passed a rule amendment where no one can feed or add to the existing cat colonies at the boat harbors, something officials say added to the feral cat problem.
You can listen using the player above, download this episode directly, or subscribe on iTunes or Google Play Music or via the RSS feed at http://feedpress.me/futilitycloset.
BOND: Well, you’re exactly right that the background is one of desperation. It’s–April 27, 1994–the twentieth anniversary of our liberation coming up. But unemployment is quite a lot higher, about 10 percent higher than then. And the inequality rate, the GINI coefficient, is much higher. Poverty is about the same. So in this context, those who have jobs often need to feed quite a few more people.
Can you tell yet that I’m fed up? Fed up with white obliviousness. Fed up with “white” freedom, which seems very much to be euphemism for black terror. Fed up with American injustice. And yet wholly, visually convinced that racial injustice is as American as football, pumpkin patches, drunken white revelers and apple pie.
Mike Rowe, who is perhaps most well known for his position as the host of the Discovery Channel’s “Dirty Jobs”, recently gave a speech at the TED talks on how we have changed our view points on the nature of manual labor. The talk goes on to discuss how the United States has demonized the working positions that are held by Americans, how it is that we have made the ditch digger, the farm hand, etc. elements of our society that are seen as unwanted and unclean. The position is interesting in that it dips into the mentality that my generation has been fed about how our ultimate goal should be to attain a position in some office working as what quintessentially amounts to a cubicle slave.
I think all the difficulty physicists have had comes from ignoring that. You shouldn’t ignore it. And the point is, I believe the mathematics gets simplified if you feed it in. If you leave it out, you make things more difficult for yourself.
Broadcasts on Afghan TV showed protesters clambering on top of the walls of the compound and security forces with riot shields moving into position. Local broadcaster Ariana News later said Afghan police forces had cut its live feed from the scene.
With investors and the media displaying an inexhaustible appetite for news about the next new thing in automotive propulsion, there has been an irresistible temptation to feed the beast by conjuring up dates and numbers to quantify the speed and volume of adoption. Invariably, they fail to properly assess the reluctance of the American car buyer to shift into an alternative-fuel vehicle, except when spiking gasoline prices cause extreme budgetary pain.
One could say the same of the British and one can understand why LGBT Iraqis are fed up. The foreign office knows about the Karbala raid. Why is someone not sent out immediately to investigate and then, once the truth is known, the foreign office can condemn it? Why are we standing up for some LGBT people in the rest of the world and not others? Can this pogrom carry on happening and not a finger be lifted to try and stop it?
This is why, however well meant, the “why not buy some veg from the local market and make a lovely stew?” rationale so often takes on the shrill ring of Marie Antoinette’s fabled suggestion about the poor eating cake.
That is the same thinking that got Europe into such deep trouble—the idea that one must welcome hordes of diversity in order to, what? still have enough people to buy cars or rent apartments, or require teachers—to fuel the economy. And, they pretty much say it in this article at a small town newspaper in Maine, to wipe our old white butts in nursing homes!
micah (Micah Cohen, senior editor): So, the will he/won’t he speculation about Joe Biden hasn’t slowed down, but do either of you buy the argument that a Biden run could actually help Hillary Clinton?
hjenten-heynawl: Endorsements are merely a proxy for intra-party support. And proxies are wrong from time to time. They’re imperfect. And I don’t buy Biden is desperate to run. He reportedly indicated this week in a phone call with Democratic National Committee members that he and his family are grieving. The man lost his best friend and son. He wants to be there for his family. If I lost my father (my best friend), I don’t take off running for president just because I feel like it. I run because I think I can help my party, and because I think I can win.
But what if the drug that the cartels are pushing is suddenly legal? No one in their right mind would buy pot off the street if they could instead walk into a dispensary and buy high quality marijuana legally, and probably for less money than the cartels are charging. Very few people actually want to have to hide their drug use. If given a choice, marijuana smokers would absolutely buy legal drugs. This would severely weaken the cartels, and decrease deaths related to drug trafficking.
It is later revealed that Grendel killed Bobby Black and Johnny Crunch, as he considered them both greedy and stupid because they wanted more money for their involvement in pirating CD's to sell to the highest bidder, making the music industry corrupt. However, Fairlane kills Grendel by setting him on fire with a flammable milk shake. Jazz leaves Fairlane, knowing how ungrateful he is for everything that has happened. Smiley shows up and plans to kill Ford, but not before revealing that he killed his young neighbor's [the Kid's] father. Ford distracts him and kills Smiley with a sleeve pistol. Jazz and Ford decide to reconcile, while the Kid decides to join their detective agency. Ford wins a million dollar lottery and buys a yacht, ending the film.
It’s hard to remember now what a disruptive force Chelsea was in world soccer during the first few years after Abramovich bought the club. Back in 2006 — the year the club won the second of its two straight Premier League titles under Jose Mourinho — the novelist John Lanchester joked that he was now supporting Chelsea “on Maoist grounds,” and his friend responded, “I think that’s more Pol Pot–ist.” That was how Chelsea seemed back then: like a terrifying power that was either going to remake the game or burn it to the ground, if not both.
Years before Manchester City batted an eyelash toward Abu Dhabi, it was Abramovich’s takeover at Chelsea that established the archetype of the shady superbillionaire who buys a soccer team to use as his personal plaything. The old, established hierarchy of powerful clubs — the Manchester United/Real Madrid cohort — certainly ran on money, but even the top clubs were shocked by the sums Abramovich could casually throw around — £21 million for Shaun Wright-Phillips, £24 million for Drogba, £31 million for (gulp) Andriy Shevchenko. Not all these players worked out (see previous gulp), but what difference did that make when Chelsea could go back to the well for £30 million whenever they felt like it? European soccer, which had no salary cap, no luxury tax, very little revenue sharing, no draft — almost no parity-fostering features at all — had no defense against this. Chelsea looked upon the dynamics of the sports economy and just luxuriantly did not give a shit. Any player in the world was potentially theirs for the taking.
This was also right around the moment when the Premier League stopped being an English sports league with international appeal and became an international sports league that happened to be based in England. Knowingly or not, Abramovich exacerbated all the tensions associated with the league’s rush toward globalization. He was a trembly-lipped, bodyguard-flanked petro-oligarch with close ties to Vladimir Putin. He was the long-distance governor of a remote Russian province. (Chukotka forever!) He collected yachts. He built the club both with global capital and in the model of global capital — ruthless, chaotic, indifferent to local tradition. Arsenal had filled squads with foreign players, but only in the service of Arsene Wenger’s finer principles; they had to buy this Ivorian and this Estonian, because of the harmony and balance that would result from bringing them together. Abramovich, by contrast, bought foreign players the way other people might shop for shoes online. It wasn’t about team chemistry or even tactics. It was about acquisition for its own sake, about taking whatever you wanted. Or anyway, that was how it seemed.
Naturally, this couldn’t last. Chelsea spent three seasons as the flashpoint of English soccer — the club with the most money, the deepest and most talented squad, the most flamboyant coach, and by far the most controversial headlines. At some point, though, the rest of soccer started to catch up. More billionaires bought into the game. Some of them, like Sheikh Mansour at Manchester City, were even richer than Abramovich. Other clubs got better at exploiting global finance, sponsorship, and the weird pathways of 21st-century commerce (cf. Real Madrid’s plan to build a $1 billion resort island in the United Arab Emirates, which reads like something Jerry Jones dreamed up on a particularly sweaty peyote trip). UEFA passed Financial Fair Play, a set of rules that should/might/could possibly curtail runaway sugar-daddying in European soccer.
The terror that Chelsea represented in those early years was that with enough money, all the surprise could be taken out of the sport. When you spend a hundred million and then concede 15 goals across a 38-game season, you raise the legitimate fear that you will simply buy all the talent, win all the matches, and conquer European soccer with your unstoppable army of math. The irony, of course, is that by winning the Champions League with a frenzy of improbable, last-second comebacks, Chelsea finally conquered European soccer behind exactly the sort of unpredictability that they once threatened to eradicate. Somehow, winning the biggest tournament in the game was the least fearsome and most accessible thing they’ve done in the Abramovich era. It took frantic adjustments, the way it does for everybody, and a different kind of good fortune. After nearly a decade under soccer’s most iconoclastic rich dude, Chelsea now wins and loses on lucky breaks and heart, the way everyone loses and wins.
As the plane approached New York, he was thinking about his next big challenge. His fiancée was pregnant, and he was so excited by the prospect that he planned to buy baby furniture and diapers as soon as he got home. More than ever, he thought he should get out of the Army and try college.
In the bleachers sat his wife, Christina, with their three children. She had risen at 1 a.m. to apply her makeup, shimmy into a tight dress bought just for this occasion and hustle the children into front-row seats.
Private Stevenson married and learned that his child, due in August, was a boy. He bought an SAT prep book.
Up and then down. He raged at the Army. Then he bought himself a new boat to go with his new truck. He bemoaned his bad leg. Then he hugged his boys and considered himself lucky.
All of these tactics may seem underhanded, but they're just part of the marketing game. By playing on the public's confusion and presenting their own products as quick fixes they convince us to buy their books, follow their diet plans, and perhaps most dangerously, ignore legitimate advice and real research.
It's not just companies that do this though. Individuals with a message to sell also do it. Skwarecki's article, Why It's So Easy to Believe Our Food is Toxic, is an exceptional case study in this. She explains how "experts" take good premises—like the need to take your health in your own hands and be critical of the things you eat and buy—and go off the rails when the sales pitch gets involved. She calls out nutrition gurus and health "experts" you've likely seen reposted on Facebook, like Vani Hari (aka The Food Babe,) and Joseph Mercola, among others, who thrive on obfuscating nutrition so much that the only clear thing they do suggest is that you should buy their books, sponsored foods, and DVDs.
Just like money can buy influence in politics, it can buy influence in dietary guidelines. Kamal Patel, director at Examine.com, a site that aims to bring relevant studies to nutrition topics, explained the connection this way:
I live on a street with a large number of young children (under age 6). One family recently bought a new puppy, and we were surprised to learn that it is a pit bull. Now several of us are worried about letting our children play freely on the street, since pit bulls are known as an aggressive breed that can attack without provocation. Any advice on what we can do?
Neighbors bought a pit bull
They will be able to buy carbon offsets from farmers or foresters, a carbon credit from another company with emissions under its allotment or pay into a provincial fund.
He bought all the food — peanut butter, cereal, soup, breakfast bars — on Amazon.ca or Amazon.com.
To qualify for the tax break, a small business needs to be a C corporation - sorry, LLCs and S-corps - with assets of less than $50 million. The investor must buy the stock at "original issue," meaning it's purchased directly from the company, and has to hold it for at least five years.
I said long ago the only solution was for the fed to buy these loans and refinance them at current market values. Banks could have continued servicing them to earn their money. A $100,000 loan modfied down to $70,000 still means a $135,000 total repayment at 5% interest. This could have allowed most people to keep their homes and also would set the ground for newly valid mortgage contracts. And the government could have even made a profit on it and saved the economy in one quick swoop. Proves they are not friends of the people.
In particular, Frank believes that Bernie Sanders’s primary campaign helped Trump’s portrayal of himself as a populist succeed in the fall. “Sanders wounded her badly,” Frank said, referring to Hillary Clinton. “His differing with her on the issues was entirely reasonable, but he’s the one who sold the argument that she was corrupt and bought by Wall Street. He had one ad which I called McCarthyite—where he essentially said Goldman Sachs got off so easy because they paid Clinton for speeches. Sanders helped Trump become the guy who says we are tired of rich guys getting away with everything. Sanders helped persuade people that she is on the wrong side of that issue.” Then, too, of course, there were the e-mails and the last-minute intervention of James Comey, the F.B.I. director. “If she hadn’t been using that e-mail system, she would have won, and Comey exacerbated the problem,” Frank said.
: Less government spending will not provide firms with more money to invest. So they would either need to pay shareholders less or borrow to invest more of their revenue for growth. It's hard to see why cutting government spending would encourage either of these options. At best, you could see the private sector attempt to provide some of the services that government cut, but most of the government's functions tend not to be potential profit centers for firms. More importantly, this would just replace the services the government already provided, so growth would remain flat. Economic activity would remain unchanged: some would just shift from government to firms. Net Exports: Less government spending could actually reduce net exports. If the deficit declines, then the dollar should strengthen. While that might sound great, it means that our goods and services will appear more expensive to those overseas. That will make it more difficult to convince them to buy U.S. exports.
"In actual fact, he had a licence to use pyrotechnics but he would buy them and not use them, he would buy them and sell them, which is illegal because you need a licence to sell."
"We take a lot of time and energy to make sure as an industry that we are safe with storage, handling, using, transporting and then the fact that then anyone can then buy them or sell them online and the general public is then using fireworks," Mr Howard said.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � President Bush on Wednesday signed into law a bankruptcy reform bill that will make it harder for individuals to clear their debts through bankruptcy. So, experts say, if you were thinking about filing for bankruptcy, you might think twice -- or act twice as quickly, since major provisions of the law will go into effect six months from the day the law is signed. Individuals filing for bankruptcy usually do so either under Chapter 7 or under Chapter 13. In a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, your assets (minus those exempted by your state) are liquidated and given to creditors, and many of your remaining debts are cancelled, giving you what's known as a "fresh start." In 2004, over 1.1 million people filed for Chapter 7, accounting for roughly 72 percent of non-business bankruptcies. Since many Chapter 7 filers don't have assets that qualify for liquidation, credit card companies and other creditors sometimes get nothing. In a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, you're put on a repayment plan of up to five years. Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan don't have to be paid. Last year, there were 445,574 Chapter 13 filings. Under the new law, fewer people will be allowed to file under Chapter 7; more will be forced to file under Chapter 13. Lawmakers who favor the legislation argue that it will prevent consumers from abusing the bankruptcy laws � using them to clear debts that they can afford to pay. But consumer advocates argue that the new law is a gift to creditors � particularly the credit card industry, which may receive $1 billion or more from repayment plans due to the expected increase in Chapter 13 filings, according to Robert McKinley, CEO of CardWeb.com. "The bill simply doesn't balance responsibility between families in debt trouble and the creditors whose practices have contributed to the rise in bankruptcies," said Travis Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America in a written statement. Key changes Here are some of the major changes for consumers under the new law: A qualifying test: Currently, it's up to the court to determine if your case qualifies for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the new law, your income will be subject to a two-part means test. First, it will be subject to a formula that exempts certain expenses (rent, food, etc.) to determine whether you can afford to pay 25 percent of your "nonpriority unsecured debt" such as your credit card bills. Second, your income would be compared to your state's median income. You won't be allowed to file for Chapter 7 if your income is above your state's median and you can afford to pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, said California-based bankruptcy attorney Stephen Elias, who is coauthor of the book "How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy." But, he said, you may be allowed to file for Chapter 13. If your income is below the state's median but you can pay 25 percent of your unsecured debt, you may be able to file Chapter 7, but the court can still require you to file Chapter 13 instead if it believes that you would be abusing the system by filing for Chapter 7, Elias said. Under current law, the court has great latitude in deciding whether debtors may file for bankruptcy in consideration of their personal circumstances. Under the new law, there will be few if any exceptions made to the means test, no matter how sympathetic your case, said Leon Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Los Angeles. Determining what you can afford to pay: Currently, if you file for Chapter 13 today, the court determines what you can afford to pay based on what you and the court deem to be reasonable and necessary expenses. Under the new law, the court will apply living standards derived by the IRS to determine what is reasonable to pay for rent, food and other expenses to figure out how much you have available to pay your debts. The IRS regulations are more stringent, and to contest them means asking for a hearing from a judge, which can mean more time and expense, Elias said. Tougher homestead exemptions: Currently, if you declare bankruptcy, the state where you file may allow you to protect from creditors some or all of your home equity. In Florida, for instance, your home may be entirely exempt, even if you bought it soon before filing. In Nevada, you may exempt up to $200,000. The new law, however, places more stringent restrictions on the homestead exemption. For instance, if filers haven't lived in a state for at least two years, they may only take the state exemption of the state where they lived for the majority of the time for the 180 days before the two-year period. Filers may only exempt up to $125,000, regardless of a state's exemption allowance, if their home was acquired less than 40 months before filing or if the filer has violated securities laws or been found guilty of certain criminal conduct. Unlike most of the other provisions, the new homestead exemption rules go into effect immediately. Lawyer liability: Under the new law, if information about a client's case is found to be inaccurate, the bankruptcy attorney may be subject to various fees and fines. What that means for consumers is it will be harder to find a bankruptcy attorney willing to file because of the liability and the additional work required to verify a client's information, Elias said. Those who are willing are likely to charge more. Credit counseling and money management: Under provisions of the new law you must meet with a credit counselor in the six months prior to applying for bankruptcy. And before debts are discharged, you must attend money management classes at your expense. What should you do? For those people who have considered bankruptcy, the time to act may be now, consumer advocates say. Talk to a good bankruptcy lawyer, Plunkett said. If together you decide bankruptcy is the right call, you might consider speeding up your plans to file since most of the main provisions of the new law won't go into effect until six months from now. Typically, it can take a couple of weeks to file for bankruptcy, said Bayer. See Money magazine's 9-step program for tackling your debt problem. Money 101: Controlling debt Debt reduction planner
(Several years later somebody revealed to me that a dozen of them would cost only something like 5 Dirhams or so and that’s how the poor Gulf Malayali could afford to buy them for everyone of our age group in that village. By the way, I do not know the actual the brand name of this T-shirt but it was always known as Happy shirt)
Of course, the usage of fountain pen would mean daily refill of ink in the same. When we were in fourth or fifth grade, we used cheaper “Brill” or “Camel” brand of ink. At that time my father was using a Sheaffer’s pen and he used to buy this blue-black ink by Chelpark. It was super quality ink for the Indian standards and I believe it’s still being produced in India. However, the original wide-bottom glass bottle is missing now.
Chris Ritter, the club's owner, had bought the records in order to have Gregory and Sahl sign them this week, when they were to play his art house comedy club in a converted movie theater on Chicago's North Side.
“We were notorious because we brought up so much stuff the first year and piled it up into the car and we realized we had no way of getting it all into camp,” says Goldman. “So we had to drive into town and buy those huge, huge garbage cans with wheels to put everything in it and drag everything up.”
“I went and bought stickers to decorate the garbage cans and put their names on them,” she says, with a laugh.
The website allows visitors to donate to the Rubio campaign-donor Pate’s new PAC, to buy anti-Trump items from the organization’s online store, and to display various videos and anti-Trump materials.
“I bought Latte and her brother Cappuccino in 2003, and a year later Latte went missing from our yard,’’ Ms Quach said.
Samaritan Health Services has canceled elective surgeries and bought more food, medications and other supplies.
The celebratory glee from Trump advocates – see, Putin’s denying it, so it must all be a Democratic plot in coordination with the CIA! – is odd, considering that Putin has a long record of lying blatantly about his nefarious activities. In 2012, Russia denied that a spy ring allegedly working for Russia was working for Russia. In May 2015, for example, as Russian troops motored into Ukraine, the government denied that its troops were in Ukraine at all – even as the Russian government issued an order covering up all deaths of Russian troops in the country. In October 2015, the Russian government denied that it or pro-Russian separatists had anything to do with the shooting down of MH17 – and Trump naturally bought Putin’s explanation, stating, “Putin and Russia say they didn’t do it, the other side said they did, no one really knows who did it, probably Putin knows who did it, possibly it was Russia but they are totally denying it.” Last month, Russia denied reports of an air offensive in Aleppo – even though human rights groups reported the airstrikes.
EK: But isn’t a lot of this that these Tea Party groups and politicians basically told the base something that was false? I mean, I’ve been spending a lot of time in conservative Twitter and on Red State and it’s just this weird, bizarro-world march of shutdown triumphs, where the shutdown is going great, Democrats are terrified, Republicans are ascendant. I don’t know if they buy it or if it’s cynical, but they’re setting their people up for fights they can’t win.
There is also a strategic level diplomacy, which takes place during the war over some particular shard. It is possible that some other Masters also chose this shard as their target during their turn, and in this case, diplomacy becomes a powerful tool of survival. Instead of fighting the war on two or more fronts, we can negotiate with some of our adversaries and convince them to leave this shard for good. We can also sign a trade agreement with other Masters and sell or buy resources.
Too many women have told their boyfriends their real number, only to be nagged incessantly for explicit details. (One friend of mine recounted to me in horror how her current boyfriend stopped one day in the middle of giving her oral sex to ask how his technique compared.) Other women find that their boyfriends endlessly psychoanalyze the reasons for a number that they think is too high: “Did you sleep with so many men because your father left you when you were a child?” (If I had a dollar for every woman I know who’s been asked that question, I could buy everyone reading this a Slurpee. Seriously.)
“Especially the smaller farmers. They’re the ones getting crunched. The small livestock farmers are getting just crushed by this. And we’d like to see the money go to them so that they can buy the equipment, they can set up storage facilities they need.”
It is perfectly reasonable to finance long-lived capital projects with borrowing. Because the benefits will accrue over many years, it would be silly to treat things like highways as if they were consumed within a single year for budget purposes. Virtually all homeowners know this and borrow to buy homes. They understand that the flow of housing services they receive on an annual basis compensates for the interest that is paid.
If households were required to balance their budgets the way balanced-budget amendment supporters want the federal government to operate, they would almost never be able to buy homes or cars. Such outlays almost always exceed their annual incomes over and above consumption and would thus constitute deficit spending.
Of course, families could draw down savings to buy homes and cars. But that’s an option not available to the government because it has no savings, only a large debt. Treating it and private individuals the same way, as balanced-budget supporters propose, would require the entire national debt to be paid off and a surplus accumulated before it would be permitted to make new investments in roads, bridges, buildings and other long-lived assets.
Here's a game we can probably agree is a good one: Sid Meier's Pirates! It doesn't tick every box on that list but it's close. It encompasses a stretch of the Caribbean and Spanish Main so big you need turbo mode to cross it, there are ships full of Spanish gold to take (and Dutch gold, French gold, and English gold), and you can buy low and sell high profitably enough that you don't even need to turn to piracy if you're boring. On the other hand its dueling is pretty simplistic and depending which version you play there might be a divisive ballroom dancing minigame in there as well.
Currently $2,000 typically buys you a small, high performance multi-rotor the size of a wheelie bin lid, equipped with HD live stream video cameras, GPS, autopilot, top speed of 70 kilometres per hour, with a range of two to three kilometres and a 15-20 minute flight time.
"The very lightweight thing you can buy in Harvey Norman or any toyshop somewhere, am I going to go out and tell that guy or woman to get an operators certificate? I can't write a regulation I know I can't enforce – I can. But it's bad law," John McComick says.
In the aftermath of a terror attack, major attractions tend to not feel the impact for a few weeks or months because most foreign visitors tend to buy their tickets for Merlin sites such as Alton Towers or The London Dungeons, in advance.
Usually the true owners of these companies remain anonymous — on paper, shell companies are often directed by the lawyers who control the company but don't have any real control of the company's activities. These shell companies can hold investments, they can buy houses and multimillion-dollar yachts, and ultimately they allow the real owners to shield assets from scrutiny or taxation.
“When investors think next time whether they should buy more or reduce Finland’s weight (in their portfolios), it may be that they’ll act differently,” Nordea’s von Gerich said.
That’s certainly how it worked out for Hyman. Soon after declining Starbucks’s buyout offer, Hyman received the expected news that the company was opening up next to one of his stores. But instead of panicking, he decided to call his friend Jim Stewart, founder of the Seattle’s Best Coffee chain, to find out what really happens when a Starbucks opens nearby. “You’re going to love it,” Stewart reported. “They’ll do all of your marketing for you, and your sales will soar.” The prediction came true: Each new Starbucks store created a local buzz, drawing new converts to the latte-drinking fold. When the lines at Starbucks grew beyond the point of reason, these converts started venturing out—and, Look! There was another coffeehouse right next-door! Hyman’s new neighbor boosted his sales so much that he decided to turn the tactic around and start targeting Starbucks. “We bought a Chinese restaurant right next to one of their stores and converted it, and by God, it was doing $1 million a year right away,” he said.
Everyone knows that the best sounding music comes from high quality speakers. And whether you bought those speakers at a big box store or out of the back of a van, they're probably big. Too big to carry around when you want to make noise on the go. After all, you have to blast the Imperial March when the CEO walks into the board room, right? If you don't, you might find yourself on the receiving end of another Force Choke.
Good news is Microsoft has a lot of money. It’s not yet clear how much the company will charge for the new service, but presumably, it will cover the expense of building the new base stations. Customers will have to buy the hardware for their homes at a sobering price of $1,000 or more, but Microsoft says these costs will come down to $200 per device by next year. That’s not nothing for a lot of rural Americans, and then they’ll have to pay for access — a fee that Microsoft says will be “price competitive” with regular old cable internet (again: not cheap).
As Sharif and his sons failed to appear before NAB today, a second summons may be issued within the next week or so. A third summons may also be issued if they do not appear before the NAB after the second notice, Dawn reported, added that following this course of action may be a way for the Sharif family to buy some time if the review petition before the SC is not in their favour.
A month later, responding to similar criticisms on her personal blog, Jones wrote: "Most of what we are seeing is either 1) rhetoric, 2) regurgitated lobbying spin, 3) criticism of language we have already fixed, or 4) retweets by people who like to steal music and buy fake, but cheap, goods."
The Air Force has been openly pursuing a T-X plan since 2011, but the fiscal 2016 budget proposal sent to Congress Feb. 2 indicates that a request for proposals will finally be released in fiscal 2016. The plan calls for $575 million in fiscal 2016-19, with an estimated total program cost at $1.04 billion and a source selection by the end of fiscal 2017. The winner stands to dominate a global fast-jet trainer market, especially for countries planning to buy the F-35. Nine partners already are teamed to develop the stealthy fighter and another three are foreign military sales customers.
The Air Force intends to buy as many as 350 of the trainers as part of a larger T-X system, including advanced training aids such as a sophisticated ground-based training platform and aids.
What is RobotAppStore? We'll break it down for you: it's a store, that sells apps, for robots. You can buy (or download for free) apps for a variety of consumer robots (Naos, Pleos, Roombas, Lego NXT kits, and more), each of which has been checked out by RobotAppStore itself to make sure it won't cause your hardware to explode. On the other end, developers can sell apps through the store, keeping 70 percent of whatever their apps bring in.
As much as I'd like to believe this, "the robotics industry has reached its tipping-point" is a sentiment that I've heard consistently ever since I started writing about robots back in 2007, and as far as I can tell, nothing has tipped yet. I think it's more likely that Grishin's investments, and RobotAppStore itself, will help the robotics industry reach some sort of tipping-point in the first place. An app-type ecosystem, where you can download new capabilities for your robot that someone else has come up with rather than taking the time to develop them yourself, is one of the things that has made ROS so successful in robotics, and has the potential to do something similar for consumer robots in general. The only question I have at this point is whether there are really enough robots out there for RobotAppStore to get a good foothold, but even if there aren't (yet), the existence of a place to share apps will perhaps motivate people to buy more robots knowing that new capabilities are already available.
Per terms of a deal signed between the District and United in June, the D.C. government had a Wednesday deadline to acquire all of the land at the proposed stadium site. They had obtained all but two acres of land at the site prior to Wednesday, but couldn't agree to a price to buy the final piece of land from a local developer, forcing Mayor Muriel Bowser's government to file for eminent domain.
Quentin Tarantino lives up in the Hollywood Hills, in the same house he’s had since 1996, with a movie theater built into one wing of the house and a terrace with a swimming pool and an orange tree and a Planet of the Apes statue out back. That’s where he’s sitting one night in October, glass of red wine in hand, watching the sun go down. He’s still got to ﬁnish the sound mix and work on the colors, but his newest ﬁlm, The Hateful Eight, is otherwise pretty much done. He shot it on 65-millimeter ﬁlm, like Paul Thomas Anderson did with The Master, and then he had his studio buy up pretty much every existing 70-millimeter projector in the country so he could personally equip 100 theaters with them and show the movie the way he thinks it should be shown.
In the ’90s, from like ’97 through ’99 or 2000 or something like that, it would be going in young people’s apartments and seeing the Pulp Fiction poster up, or seeing the head shot from Pulp Fiction, which is Jules and Vincent pointing their guns. Or seeing their cinder-block used-video library—you know, that they bought for $9.99 from the local video store—and they have Godfather 1, they have Godfather 2, they have Scarface. And then they have Reservoir Dogs and they have Pulp Fiction.
Over the weekend, I went to visit my mom and aunt to celebrate their birthdays. They were born one day and two years apart! We hung out at the National Harbor yesterday and I was surprised at how many shops are there now compared to how many there were when it first opened. My aunt loves to shop, so we ended up exploring many of the clothing and accessory stores at the harbor. Although I saw lots of lovely things that would look good on me, I walked away from that place empty-handed, as usual. I have little desire to buy “stuff” anymore, unless it’s something I actually need. I’ve been living this way for about two years now.
When I started working for myself full-time in 2010, I also began to adopt a minimalist mindset to my life. My main goal was to buy less, use what I had and save my money for experiences instead of stuff. As a result, I’ve spent very little on “things” over the past two years. Most of my income goes to housing, student loans, car payment, food and other monthly bills. The rest goes to activities that I gift to myself or other people: traveling, trying new restaurants, attending concerts and going to festivals.
Stop watching TV. Constantly seeing celebrities on TV with their beautiful hair, designer clothes and fancy homes does a lot of damage to the psyche. Not only does it conjure up feelings of inadequacy in our own looks, but it can prompt us to buy the exact same stuff they have to make ourselves feel like we’re living just a fraction of their fabulous lives. Please remember that everything on TV is FAKE. It is an escape from your day to day life, but when you start escaping with your credit card, you can end up with a bunch of expensive items that leave you feeling no better than you did before.
Stop watching commercials. Television advertising is insidious. In college, I learned about how car marketers are taught to “manufacture desire” for new vehicles that no one needs. Used cars will do you just fine, but to have commercials tell it, you have to have the latest model BMV to have an exciting, glamorous life. Most commercials are full of lies and manipulation to get you to feel incomplete and lead you to buy things you don’t need. But when you stop watching them, you lessen the power of corporate messaging on the decision-making part of your brain.
Don’t justify shopping because it’s “on sale” or you have a “coupon.” Remember that you’re only saving money if you would have needed to buy the item anyway. In other words, a sale on toilet paper is a score, but a sale on Jimmy Choos is not. My aunt cracks me up with all the DSW and Lane Bryant coupons she gets in the mail every month. She claims she’s “saving” money on all the clothes she buys, forgetting that the best way to save money is not to spend it in the first place. Tell your favorite clothing stores to stop sending you discounts and reserve your couponing culture for buying food or other essential items.
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
Stop reading fashion, makeup, natural hair and thrifting blogs. I feel so conflicted about this one, as I love the creativity and artistry with which my fellow bloggers put into their sites. But there are many that I just don’t read, not because I have a problem with the bloggers themselves, but because I know that the whole purpose of their site is to recommend that I buy new clothes, buy old clothes, buy more makeup or buy every new natural hair product line that comes out. If you read blogs to get new information, inspiration or to support the writers, great! But when you find yourself feeling like you have to buy every new lip gloss that beauty bloggers review, it may be time to switch up the blogs you give your attention to.
Billionaires Red Bull want to buy a football club in England – and ‘give it wings’ to make it big, writes Alan Nixon in the People.
Republican officials were once quite bothered by the idea that one state might receive favorable treatment in order to buy an uncertain senator’s support for a larger bill.
Of all the billionaires that come and go on the Forbes China Rich List, Liu Yiqian is certainly the one with the biggest appetite for art. Liu, who ranked No. 220 with a net worth of $ 1 billion, yesterday bought a 600-year-old imperial embroidered Tibetan tapestry at a Christie’s auction for $ 348 million Hong Kong dollars ($ 45 million), setting a record for any Chinese works of art sold by an international auction house.
Liu, who bought the piece for his private Long museum in Shanghai, said he is “proud to bring back to China this significant and historic 15th century thangka, which will be preserved in the Long museum for years to come.” In his WeChat message now widely circulated on Chinese media, Liu said the auction was a tough battle.
This, however, is not the prime purpose of the exercise. I was looking for an excuse to try some direct hardware projects with the GPIO, and I remembered I had a couple of Nokia-style surplus LCDs lying about that could be pressed into service. These LCDs aren’t great: 84×48 pixels, 3V3 logic, driven by SPI via an 8-pin header which includes PWM-controllable LED backlighting. They are cheap, and available almost everywhere: DealExtreme ($5.36), SparkFun ($9.95), Adafruit ($10 – but includes a level shifter, which you really need if you’re using a 5V logic Arduino), Solarbotics ($10) and Creatron (about $12; but you can walk right in and buy one). Despite being quite difficult to use, helpful people have written drivers to make these behave like tiny dot-addressable screens.
Their fans include Pixie Lott and Robbie Williams.[82] Taoiseach Brian Cowen also backed the singers,[83] while Leona Lewis said that she worried about them.[84][85] Two leading British political parties, Labour and the Conservatives, each released campaign posters parodying the twins.[86][87] Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown came under fire in November 2009 for describing Jedward as "not very good" and later apologised for doing so.[88][89] Following this, Walsh stated "So Gordon Brown and Simon Cowell both have something in common: neither of them know what the public want." Former Prime Minister David Cameron admitted that he enjoyed watching The X Factor and that Jedward were his favourite act. Cameron also bought a T-shirt with their faces on it.[88][90][91][92] The Irish Independent called Jedward "tone-deaf twins", even though the pair were voted more popular than The Beatles in a teenage poll. Comedian Oliver Callan has parodied them on his RTÉ 2 show Nob Nation.[94] Their 2017 court case[95] was later the subject of a stage musical starring comedians Kevin McGahern and Tony Cantwell.[96]
My life then took me back to London for a while, but I would come back to Georgia every couple of months and drive by the same places. So, to my actual point, what was the triggering factor in my learning of the language? The word ‘Lombardi’. I kid you not. There in an area stretching from the church on Rustaveli, up until the beginning of Vake on Chavchavadze, that has Lombardi’s (Bureau de change) a plenty. So those were my first letters, simply because they were blasted everywhere and I knew what it said. Having 8 letters under my belt, I thought I’d test the waters and see if I could go any further. I went to Biblus books and bought a children’s book on the Georgian alphabet. A….B…..G….three more. Maybe this seemingly impossible language was possible after all, just maybe?
The suspect had allegedly bought a series of weapons including machine guns, explosives and grenade launchers
Ukrainian agents had been following the man since December, and allowed him to buy a series of weapons
If it is November, then it is Black Friday. Black Friday is the last Friday in November when you are thinking about those amazing gifts that will bring joy for your dear ones in December. If not, you certainly are in that category of people who makes long, long, long lists since last Black Friday with things you want to buy, waiting for this specific day when they are cheaper. Either way, there are two sure facts: everybody knows what Black Friday is and all customers buy in one day more than they could imagine (or they could use in their entire lifetime) just because of the huge sales. If years ago, people were making long queues early in the morning, in cold, outside the store and they were fighting for products inside, now this battle became online and since last year mobile devices have a bigger impact for this event. If we take a look at some stats published by Techcrunch we realize that 35% of Black Friday purchases in 2015 where made via mobile. Moreover, AppAnnie revealed a study after Black Friday 2015 where it shows a list of retail apps that won last year with this occasion. In 2016, the competition is fierce for mobile shoppers that need to make the best deal using their phones and tablets but for marketers, too because they have to stand out of the crowd to attract customers.
Over the last few years retailers began to start Black Friday earlier. So, it is almost Black Week than Black Friday. In case you are a shopper that dreams to buy whatever he wants with no restrictions be careful not to lose time with useless actions and prepare your techniques starting now. If you are a retailer this is the biggest reason to prepare your promotions and your app to achieve the success you are dreaming for. It is all about the strategy to turn this madness in an organized opportunity in terms of earnings.
Critical thinkers notice the inferences they are making, the assumptions upon which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view about the world they are developing. To develop these skills, students need practice in noticing their inferences and then figuring the assumptions that lead to them. As students become aware of the inferences they make and the assumptions that underlie those inferences, they begin to gain command over their thinking. Because all human thinking is inferential in nature, command of thinking depends on command of the inferences embedded in it and thus of the assumptions that underlie it. Consider the way in which we plan and think our way through everyday events. We think of ourselves as preparing for breakfast, eating our breakfast, getting ready for class, arriving on time, leading class discussions, grading student papers, making plans for lunch, paying bills, engaging in an intellectual discussion, and so on. We can do none of these things without interpreting our actions, giving them meanings, making inferences about what is happening. This is to say that we must choose among a variety of possible meanings. For example, am I “relaxing” or “wasting time?” Am I being “determined” or “stubborn?” Am I “joining” a conversation or “butting in?” Is someone “laughing with me” or “laughing at me?” Am I “helping a friend” or “being taken advantage of?” Every time we interpret our actions, every time we give them a meaning, we are making one or more inferences on the basis of one or more assumptions. As humans, we continually make assumptions about ourselves, our jobs, our mates, our students, our children, the world in general. We take some things for granted simply because we can’t question everything. Sometimes we take the wrong things for granted. For example, I run off to the store (assuming that I have enough money with me) and arrive to find that I have left my money at home. I assume that I have enough gas in the car only to find that I have run out of gas. I assume that an item marked down in price is a good buy only to find that it was marked up before it was marked down. I assume that it will not, or that it will, rain. I assume that my car will start when I turn the key and press the gas pedal. I assume that I mean well in my dealings with others. Humans make hundreds of assumptions without knowing it---without thinking about it. Many assumptions are sound and justifiable. Many, however, are not. The question then becomes: “How can students begin to recognize the inferences they are making, the assumptions on which they are basing those inferences, and the point of view, the perspective on the world that they are forming?” There are many ways to foster student awareness of inferences and assumptions. For one thing, all disciplined subject-matter thinking requires that students learn to make accurate assumptions about the content they are studying and become practiced in making justifiable inferences within that content. As examples: In doing math, students make mathematical inferences based on their mathematical assumptions. In doing science, they make scientific inferences based on their scientific assumptions. In constructing historical accounts, they make historical inferences based on their historical assumptions. In each case, the assumptions students make depend on their understanding of fundamental concepts and principles. As a matter of daily practice, then, we can help students begin to notice the inferences they are making within the content we teach. We can help them identify inferences made by authors of a textbook, or of an article we give them. Once they have identified these inferences, we can ask them to figure out the assumptions that led to those inferences. When we give them routine practice in identifying inferences and assumptions, they begin to see that inferences will be illogical when the assumptions that lead to them are not justifiable. They begin to see that whenever they make an inference, there are other (perhaps more logical) inferences they could have made. They begin to see high quality inferences as coming from good reasoning. We can also help students think about the inferences they make in daily situations, and the assumptions that lead to those inferences. As they become skilled in identifying their inferences and assumptions, they are in a better position to question the extent to which any of their assumptions is justified. They can begin to ask questions, for example, like: Am I justified in assuming that everyone eats lunch at 12:00 noon? Am I justified in assuming that it usually rains when there are black clouds in the sky? Am I justified in assuming that bumps on the head are only caused by blows? The point is that we all make many assumptions as we go about our daily life and we ought to be able to recognize and question them. As students develop these critical intuitions, they increasingly notice their inferences and those of others. They increasingly notice what they and others are taking for granted. They increasingly notice how their point of view shapes their experiences. This article was adapted from the book, Critical Thinking: Tools for Taking Charge of Your Learning and Your Life, by Richard Paul and Linda Elder. Back to top
“The difference in policy now is that person that’s in the program may … go to the convenience store, buy something, get in that car. Right now … the car would not start,” Mannheimer said.
But would you buy from someone who doesn’t know the Moon is a moon?
"We facilitate trade decisions; [for instance if] Australia wants to sell a crop to somewhere in south-east Asia, they want to buy it so long as it's free of diseases X or Y or pest Z," Mr Gillespie said.
"We have sold out our season tickets for the last two season and we anticipate that this will be the third year in a row that you will not be able to buy a ticket once our season begins in November," Larrañaga said. "We encourage all of our season ticket holders to be sure they sign up now -- don't wait, because there won't be any available soon."
Already they over charge huge amount to buy their CDs, if only they could be practical in pricing their product, they would not be in this situation.
Considering the lousy music that record companies have been foisting on us for the past decade or two, I would suggest they work on actually cultivating talent and investing in developing artists rather than promoting interchangeable one hit wonders. People don't want to buy music that's disposable; they want something they'll still like in five years. Until there's better music available these companies don't deserve a penny from anyone.
I have always bought CDs: not once have I downloaded or shared music on the internet. If I am arbitrarily charged $5 a month on my internet, what incentive would I have to buy CD copies of music I have "already paid for"?
Instead of imposing a new tax, stop and think about why piracy exists... These entities charge absurd prices then wonder why people don't want to pay. If they lowered their prices, people would buy legally. The same goes for software and games.
Now here's the catch: Not only are there no salt mines in the Upper Peninsula, the surface as seen at the end of Portal 2 is flat with wheat growing. The UP is very mountainous, so it is impossible that it is flat for miles and miles. Also, no wheat is going to naturally grow there, it is too damn cold. Also, Michigan only has ever had one salt mine. (Source: Michigan State University, Lansing MI) We can either call paradox or assume the newspaper fudged up and meant to say Lower Michigan. Taking that into consideration, Aperture Science bought said mine from the Detroit Salt Company in January 1944. (Source: That Newspaper article from the game. The number 1944 is very hard to read.)
In public, Sorenson said his endorsement of Michele Bachmann was all on account of shared deep Christian libertarian principles. Meanwhile, towards the end of 2011, as the Iowa caucuses were drawing near, Ron Paul’s grandson-by-marriage, Jesse Benton, and his fellow staffers, having learned Sorenson was for sale (apparently everyone but the media knew it), opened negotiations to buy Sen. Sorenson’s support by outbidding Bachmann. It helped that Ron Paul was raising money hand over fist compared to Bachmann, thanks to all the Silicon Valley and extraction industry billionaires who love Paul’s vision of government without taxation or regulation or welfare or help of any kind for anyone or anything, but their private property, which is always in need of armed protection...
The series, whose eighth episode airs next Thursday, kicks into high gear when the prime suspect, African-American drug addict Carter Nix (Elvis Nolasco), is released in the face of circumstantial evidence. Barb goes ballistic, flat-out telling the cops they don’t know how to do their jobs. She successfully campaigns to have the case reclassified as a hate crime and states her case on television. Not long after, a thrown brick shatters her car window. There is no witness to the crime and the cops can’t do much without one. Barb buys a gun for her own protection, gets a license and starts practicing on a firing range.
The two objectives are linked, since China expects that the bilateral trade will grow if it invests in Latin American infrastructure. This strategy has also been used to bolster China’s economic relations with countries in Europe, Asia, and Africa. Railways, roadways, ports, and airports have been built or revamped to enable Beijing to buy raw materials and sell its manufactures around the world more cheaply and easily.
“No, that kind of stock I don’t buy. They are usually very, very expensive. A lot of people like to buy expensive stocks like that, but I do not,” said Rogers, a widely followed investor who has published several books on investing, co-founded the Quantum Fund with George Soros, and more recently is the creator of the Rogers Global Resources Equity Index.
“I am interested in technology in some shape or form, but I can’t imagine buying any of them. They are a bit hot these days and they have been for two or three months, so that’s why I am short. I don’t buy high-priced stocks,” Rogers said.
Where Labor’s $37.4 billion NBN would have replaced Telstra’s ­copper network, the new Coalition ­government prefers a fibre-to-the-node approach that will use the copper connections. The Coalition government will now have to buy and use Telstra’s copper network, once valued at up to $17 billion, to build its fibre-to-the-node system which is expected to be cheaper and slower than Labor’s version.
It's clear who the RNC is trying to target with the ad during the Daily Show - the exact population the new health care law is relying on to buy health insurance in order for the whole system to function. But, the ad is only running on "The Daily Show" in the Washington, D.C. market, one full of federal government workers and contractors, many of whom have health insurance through their jobs.
I outfitted the review unit with a microSD card so I could load it up with media—and offload as much apps and data from internal memory as possible—and use the Lumia 535 the way I think it will be most often used in places like the United States (though you cannot at the moment even buy this device here from a wireless carrier): As a media player. And in this capacity, the Lumia 535 absolutely shines, and it has replaced my previous Lumia media player, the 635, which has a smaller 4.5-inch screen.
You should just watch it — but here are the highlights: You’ve got an avuncular fellow offering sausage samples in a supermarket. People ask to buy some fresh sausage, at which point the man produces an adorable piglet and stuffs it into his “sausage machine.”
Beeswax has a melting point of 143-148 degrees. I prefer it for container candles. For tapers, you need a wax with a higher melting point. The best way to make beeswax tapers is to buy pressed beeswax sheets and roll each sheet tightly around a wick. (Dipped beeswax can make messy tapers that puddle. I prefer to use taper wax–see Hand-Dipping Tapers.)
*Make things with beeswax safely–see my guidelines and precautions for melting wax here. You can find beeswax online at craft and candle suppliers, etc. Lanolin, coconut oil, jojoba oil, and sweet almond oil can be found online at health and beauty suppliers, and a lot of the same places where you buy soapmaking and other craft supplies including essential oils. (These are not expensive supplies other than the essential oils, if using.)
Blogger.com had already fallen victim in May, and to keep my blog alive I emailed posts to my dad in the U.S. so he could update it for me. Eventually I bought a domain name and blogged through GoDaddy, which wasn't blocked.
I recommend anyone visiting China buys a subscription to a VPN service. I've used one provided by Astrill.com and it's a must-have for me. Hopefully China won't block it.
The solar energy policy fight in Nevada revolves around a net metering cap, a limit on the amount of solar power that can be bought back from people or institutions with renewable energy systems.
If a home or business generates more power from the sun than it uses in a month, NV Energy will buy the extra at retail power rates and give the customer a credit, the net of their power usage and power production. That means a homeowner with solar panels may be able to run his or her house largely on solar energy during the day and resell what he or she doesn’t use to the grid, seeing real reductions in energy costs.
Friedman also bizarrely seems to be claiming that increased intellectual property restrictions will benefit U.S. workers. These forms of protectionism (yes folks, patent and copyright protection are protectionism — even if you like them) are directly antithetical to the interest of most U.S. workers. It means that foreign countries will pay more money to Microsoft for its software and Pfizer for its drugs. This means that they will have less money to buy U.S. manufactured goods. This is pretty straight and simple economics; in other words, way over the head of Thomas Friedman. (He wrongly uses the term "free-trade" in reference to the TPP four times. This is a propaganda term used to sell the deal. It is not accurate since the increased protections in the pact likely more than offset the tariff reductions in the deal.)
Friendly reminder: if you have bought a Supporter Edition or own the DLC Bundle, you already own Arma 3 Helicopters DLC. This is not true for the (Digital) Deluxe Edition. If you've forgotten what version you own, one way to find out could be to check Steam. In the client, open Arma 3's properties. Visit the DLC tab and there it should list your DLC plus Digital Deluxe Edition content packages.
The first step in the visa process is to sort out your travel insurance. To do this, you will need to head to the travel insurance cashier/desk. Please note that even if you already have travel insurance that is valid for Iran, you still need to have this verified at the insurance desk. If you already have insurance valid in Iran, make sure you have printed your policy certificate and show this at the insurance desk. Make sure to point out where on your certificate that it says ‘Iran’. I travel with World Nomads insurance and specifically made sure that Iran was included. The insurance certificate issued to me by World Nomads explicitly stated that it was valid for Iran. If you have travel insurance but your printed policy does not clearly state that it is valid for Iran, you may be forced to buy a separate policy.
If you are forced to buy insurance at this counter, you will need to pay about 14€ for 30 days of coverage. Coverage for other lengths of time are also available with the cost going up and down proportionally.
An insurance policy certificate clearly stating that it is valid for Iran. If you do not have this you will need to buy insurance at the airport for about 14€/30 days.
He said his business, Countryside Services of MN, typically buys a pallet of candy from Costco and spends thousands of dollars on goodies for parade revelers.
…in a prized varnished cabinet, a secret drawer was opened by pushing against the grain of a cleverly turned dovetail joint, and here she kept a diary locked by a clasp, and a notebook written in a code of her own invention. In a toy safe opened by six secret numbers she stored letters and postcards. An old tin petty cash box was hidden under a removable floorboard beneath her bed. In the box were treasures that dated back four years, to her ninth birthday when she began collecting: a mutant double acorn, fool’s gold, a rainmaking spell bought at a funfair, a squirrel’s skull as light as a leaf. But hidden drawers, lockable diaries and cryptographic systems could not conceal from Briony the simple truth: she had no secrets. Her wish for a harmonious, organized world denied her the reckless possibilities of wrongdoing. Mayhem and destruction were too chaotic for her tastes, and she did not have it in her to be cruel. Her effective status as an only child, as well as the relative isolation of the Tallis house, kept her, at least during the long summer holidays, from girlish intrigues with friends. Nothing in her life was sufficiently interesting or shameful to merit hiding; no one knew about the squirrel’s skull beneath her bed, but no one wanted to know. None of this was particularly an affliction; or rather, it appeared so only in retrospect, once a solution had been found.
Winiarski had borrowed money in 1965 to buy fifteen acres of his own up on Howell Mountain, where he hoped to plant a vineyard. His first season in 1967 was a disappointment but he didn’t give up. The following year, his plans to start a vineyard of his own started to come together. So, hoping he could support his family as a freelance winemaker and consultant, he announced he was quitting the Robert Mondavi Winery, shortly before the crucial time of harvest. As Winiarski tells it, Michael was not happy about the timing of his departure. But “I didn’t come to California to be the number-two man in a two-man winery,” recalled Winiarski, referring to his relatively short stay at Souverain Cellars. “The same thing was true at Mondavi.” While Winiarski learned an extraordinary amount at both places, he bridled at working under someone else.“Everyone who is devoted to making something wants to have control of the material—finally and completely—and that couldn’t happen there because of Mike and Robert. It was their material,” meaning it was ultimately their grapes, yeast, barrels, and wine.
Proponents of such laws say raising the legal age to buy cigarettes to 21 would result in fewer smokers. In Hawaii, the state’s Department of Health says 5,600 kids try smoking every year, with 90% of daily smokers starting the habit before they turn 19.
Bicknell and Sidney married on 16 April 1784 at St Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham. The same day, Day paid the £500 wedding dowry he had stipulated in the contract he had set up with Bicknell, ending his £50 (equivalent to £6,009 in 2018) per year stipend. The couple bought a house in Shenfield and had two children, John Laurens Bicknell and Henry Edgeworth Bicknell. Bicknell carried on with his gambling habits, squandering the remaining money over the following three years. On 27 March 1787, after three years of marriage, John Bicknell died of a paralytic stroke.
I used to grind. I be telling people, you don’t grind, you don’t sell. I was like 15, 16 getting dropped off in the city by myself, with my own beat CDs. I had met Gucci [Mane] at this studio, Patchwerk. 2005 or some shit. I ain’t even know he was gonna be there. And I had gave him some beats to let him hear, and he just went in the lounge and started freestyling on all my beats and shit. Next thing you know, he saw me again: “Yo, you buddy with the beats, right? Let me buy that beat from you, man.” I got a band. [Editor’s note: A “band” as in the thing that makes her dance.]
"Yes, they do offer retailers such as us a product with CVC pricing -- a one-gig product -- but it's just priced out of the market and no consumer will buy it at that price in Australia."
Ray Mabus, Obama’s last (and the worst-ever) secretary of the Navy, decided to buy “biofuels” at about $250 per gallon instead of diesel, which cost about $5 per gallon. In 2014, Obama’s idiot Secretary of Defense Chuckie Hagel issued a “Climate Change Roadmap” which, among other things, required every operational plan to make accommodation to “climate change.”
Alexander Villaluna killed Mr Collins after stabbing the 53-year-old 10 times in the stomach and neck with a hunting knife he had bought a few weeks earlier.
Saville’s attorney, Ulises Ferragut, prevailed on all three, even though he began the case by telling the jury that his client, in fact, did everything the prosecution was claiming: He designed a bomb, he bought all the parts for a bomb, he built the bomb, and he went to the parking lot where the sheriff’s car was parked. “But wait until you hear why he did all those things,” Ferragut told the jury.
Jurors listened in disbelief as testimony showed it was the sheriff’s money that purchased the bomb parts, and an undercover officer who drove Saville around to buy the parts. They also heard how the sheriff and his top lieutenants had sat inside The Ro-man Table for more than two hours, waiting for the “bomber” to show up. They heard how the media had been alerted that morning that a bust was coming down, and how a television cameraman had waited in the bushes until around 3 p.m. And they learned that Jimmy Saville had been sitting in jail for four long years since then, waiting for his day in court, because the sheriff’s office had dragged its feet in producing evidence, dribbling out one report, one tape, one transcript at a time.
Yuengling Jr.'s life story is somewhat similar to Trump's. He bought the struggling brewery from his father in 1985 and built it up into a half-a-billion-dollar-a-year business, making the lager cheap but fashionable. He's listed as No. 361 on Forbes' list of the 400 richest people in America.
GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: Yes, it is. Right now, it is-- and I just cannot imagine that why we would have-- like I said, you know, for instance, you know-- our Senators and Congressional people, how they would vote for something like that. Where they're representing Nebraska and not us? And-- by the way, as I said in my State of the State, that's the biggest rip-off. I mean that is against the law to buy a vote?
GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: "I'm holding out my vote, unless I get some extra kind of benefits here." I mean if you do that in Sacramento, you know, you'll be sued. It is illegal to do that, to buy votes.
Our Nation took another important step in 1938 — in fact, 65 years ago this week — when Fannie Mae was created to buy those FHA loans, and as a result, the secondary mortgage market was born. We took a few more giant steps in the 1940s with the G.I. Bill in 1944 and the Housing Act of 1949, which stated the goal of "a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family." We witnessed the Fair Housing Act in the 60s, the creation of Freddie Mac in 1970, the expansion of Fannie Mae’s activities, the Community Reinvestment Act in the 70s, the introduction of adjustable-rate mortgages in the 80s, and more recently, the National Affordable Housing Act of 1990.
4. M & P, UK, http://www.mandp.co.uk/. These are well-known mainstream suppliers. I bought handlebar risers here, very pleased with them.
Hi, I just wanted to thank you (even profusely!) for the latest issue. Just to mention only a few things, I am very happy that you ran the story about Pat Fanning (or, as he may prefer, Pádraig Ó Fainín) He is definitely a very fine and remarkable man. I won't go through what you have already put in the article, but he definitely deserves a lot of recognition for what he has done for these many years. Also, I was pleased and delighted with the video of the Australian girl playing the Prelude from Bach's Partita #3. It's a lovely piece, but I have heard it played only on the violin. I had certainly never heard it played on a mandolin, and that is a real accomplishment, as it's not an easy piece to play on any instrument. As for the short piece on my experiences driving in Italy, I can assure you that everything I said is true -- and I could have added a lot more, but I didn't want to bore people too much. And, of course, my congratulations on having The Snail pass her 50,000 km mark. Well done, Snail! see what a bit of maintenance will do? So, all in all, an outstanding and enjoyable issue -- even taking into account the bearded fellow with the cap, the glasses and the vest with all the patches on it who is standing on the left with his hands in his pockets in the first frame of the Clogheen Movie. I think that he should buy me a beer at the Porterhouse in Bray. Just because, that's all. Have a great summer, everyone! David Wallace (in New Jersey)
Hello My name is Josip and I am contacting You from Croatia (Hrvatska). I have a CZ 175, type 477, build 1974. I am restaurating the motorcycle but my gas tank is in very poor condition and I am searching for new tank. I was wondering if You maybe could help me, where to find a better tank. Maybe if some of Your members have spare parts and is willing to sell it, I would buy it if it's in a good condition (mine is rusty from inside and stopping the gass flow). Contact: email Thanks in advanceJosip Vuglenović
I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.
She tried not to think about all the elaborate ways Robby’s family were enjoying themselves down in Florida. She swore she could smell the chocolate pie his mother made or his sister’s succulent cookies from 800 miles away. Most of all, Jessie tried not to think of how great it felt when Robby held her in his arms, even when he wore that ugly old Christmas sweater that he’d bought in college and refused to throw away.
Having dipped into self-help books with a strong empirical bent, I can attest that the benefits are real. I’m convinced that Feeling Good, with its well-vetted techniques to combat negative thinking, helped lift me out of a stubborn bout of depression. As someone prone to descend into spirals of dark thought, I also benefited from the advice of Burns’ colleague, psychiatrist Aaron Beck, who recommends keeping a ‘Daily Record of Dysfunctional Thoughts’. Writing down my exaggerated thoughts, identifying the errors they contained, and rebutting them with more logical thoughts helped keep my problems in perspective. The thought-challenging exercises reinforced a critical truth – I didn’t have to buy into everything my sometimes-overheated brain was telling me. My book-inspired course of self-therapy, I now believe, helped me as much as my sessions with a psychologist.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to just ask one little example: “Buy American,” the whole push to try to buy things in the United—that are made here, because it would mean more U.S. jobs, etc.—how would that fit in to TPP?
Great policy tool, great job creator, super—except, under TPP, we’d have to give a waiver to that preference. Any company in any TPP country, so even ones that aren’t from those countries—Chinese state-owned enterprise firms in Vietnam—would have to be treated the same as a U.S. company and get all of those government contracts. And that’s also the same rule that undermines all the Buy Local preferences. So to the extent—you know, for instance, a lot of school districts have done rules that say, “Let’s buy local food from local farmers. Let’s not have a big multinational company ship our vegetables a thousand miles away when we have the ability from right here to produce and procure.” Those would also be violations. You have to treat the foreign company the same, give them the same access, as you would any domestic company. And if we don’t change our laws to meet those rules, we would face trade sanctions until we do.
Arnika replied to Italian traditions customs: My fiance just recently bought a new car and a friend of his that has Italian roots threw some spare change into the back of the car, he said it was an Italian custom for good luck. So I researched it... It's true. It started about 2000 years ago as an offering to the God of roads or travel as a payment for safety, but now it's a superstition, done more for fun than anything else.
Chofetz Chaim bought 4.7 acres on Grandview Avenue in 1997, after the federal government declared the Nike military property surplus. A federal lawsuit settlement against New Hempstead for blocking development put the land back under Ramapo's jurisdiction.
CPI had warned in earlier SEC filings that failing to buy more time from lenders could force it to liquidate, and the company last year hired an investment bank to explore a possible sell-off.
As first reported by The Oregonian and OregonLive, Aequitas was hurt badly when its deal to buy hundreds of millions of dollars worth of student loans from controversial for-profit college Corinthian Colleges fell apart in January 2014. Though the loans were deemed predatory and illegal by a federal judge, it was Aequitas largest source of revenue. The company continued to try and collect the debt from former Corinthian students long after Corinthian went bankrupt.
Though Litographs exceeded its goal by a huge amount, Danny says that kind of success has pros and cons. While the increased order numbers decreased the costs of t-shirts and other materials bought in bulk, the unanticipated number of rewards Danny had to turn out for the holidays added a lot of stress and pressure. “Don’t overestimate the complexity of having 300,000 customers breathing down your necks – especially during the holidays,” Danny says. If your page is wildly successful, be prepared for the follow-through it will require. Because Kickstarter does not design itself as a retail store, Danny had to come up with his own system for following up with orders in order to follow through with every contributor’s request. “Double however long you think it will take,” Danny says, and only add stretch goals if you previously planned on it. If the campaign is already proving successful, don’t over complicate it – it only creates more work and complexity.
Matt Davies, UK and ROI CEO at Tesco, said: “The number of bags being bought by our customers has already reduced dramatically.
I envision HOLC II offering to buy all houses for sale at a price not more than three times the median household income in each market. It would then offer to sell these homes to prospective buyers.
This could not be construed as a bailout, since many sellers would take a loss -- how much depending on when they bought and how overheated their particular market became.
Also, it would not rescue homeowners who bought more house than they should have or took out one home-equity loan too many and are now "upside down" (they owe more than their house is worth).
For this gambit to work, HOLC II would not have to buy every house that's up for sale. Indeed, its very offer to buy might be sufficient to end housing's downward spiral -- even with the large number of unsold homes still overhanging the market.
He returned, left for the market, bought what his family called “sulphas”, available as tablets, came home and took some.
Glennon said, as a backup plan, she bought a stack of postcards. Every time she wants her voice to be heard on an issue, she slips another card in the mail to Taylor’s office.
"Commercial eye-trackers, to get a device is $10,000-$15,000," he says. The EyeWriter is estimated to cost about $50. He and his hacker colleagues have a do-it-yourself kit for building an EyeWriter that starts with a pair of sunglasses. For Lieberman’s prototype, he bought a pair from a vendor at Venice Beach.
Choquetopa is part of an association of organic farmers. His harvest will go to their processing plant where it is cleaned, rinsed, packaged and bought by exporters like Fabricio Nunez, general manager of Andean Naturals, which sources quinoa to stores such as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.
The stranger, Scott Leckington, bought not only a new iPod, but $30 in iTunes gift cards. He gave Lucas' mother, who was recently laid off from her job, $150. And he gave $75 in Pizza Hut gift cards so Lucas could treat his fellow lemon-squeezers to a pizza party. Leckington delivered another pizza card and an iPod case donated by Pizza Hut and Best Buy.
Eventually Lucas came to accept the gift with a toothy smile, just like he did for waves of people that day who had traveled for as long as two hours to buy a $1 cup of lemonade or "lime-onade" in a parking lot at the Livingston apartments.
He got in touch with Lucas' mother, Jacqueline Jolly, Thursday night. He, too, had been recently laid off and said he wanted to reach out to the mother who had worked to help her son set up his first lemonade stand even though money was tight. She had bought pizza for the kids who helped out.
Lucas' initial goal was to make $50 selling lemonade to buy toys, but when friends pitched in, he decided to divide the earnings. They decorated a cardboard box, offering balloons with each purchase, and played Eric Church and country songs on his iPod.
Netflix co-founder wants you to buy a movie theater subscription
By the ’90s, most corporate chief executives had their pay linked to the value of their stock, which many of them were able to boost by having their companies buy back outstanding shares, causing the value of the remaining shares to rise. Over the past decade, under pressure from “activist investors” and with the understanding that boosting share value would send CEO pay soaring, the corporations on the S&P 500 list of the largest publicly traded companies have devoted more than 90 percent of their profits to buying back their own shares and paying dividends to shareholders.
That's right: the star of Scrubs and Garden State put the Rio's fundraising efforts over their $60,000 goal just today—meaning that the cutest little Quonset hut theater in Sonoma County will be able to buy a digital projector, thereby appeasing the big-movie-studio ogres and staying open to bring life and love and entertainment to the deep reaches of West County.
The rising popularity of online video game streaming—that is, watching other people play video games live—really hit the mainstream once Twitch, the Internet's largest game-streaming platform, was bought out by Amazon for nearly a billion dollars last year. Anyone who thought that asking price was insane may not have realized that Google was about to spend roughly the same amount to acquire Twitch. In short, the value of running a game-streaming platform is rising, and the tech industry's big dogs know it.
Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)
It's a long way from the KitKat's humble origins in 1930s England. Born in the northern city of York, the chocolate treat was relatively unknown globally until local manufacturer Rowntree was bought by Swiss food giant Nestle in the 1980s.
Mea Maxima Culpa also wags a condemning finger at Pope Benedict XVI, who in his previous capacity as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, would have seen reams of complaints about predator priests pass by his desk. Just how much the church knew is not in doubt for Gibney, who sprinkles in details of how the church quietly worked to combat the problem they had been dealing with for decades, including sending priests to a little-known monastery in New Mexico run by the Servants of the Paraclete, where they supposedly were treated for their sexual deviance before being reassigned to new parishes. And then there is a tale about the Vatican’s down payment to buy a Caribbean Island to house errant clergy—a plan scuttled after the media got wind of it. Insightful narrative from well-known Vatican followers in Rome and religious writers and lawyers in America fill in the gaps, providing analogies and observations about how the church does its business and how, for instance, church handlers had to teach cardinals to mention the victims first when talking about the known crimes, not to talk only about the priests.
By 2011, she made her professional MMA debut, winning in 25 seconds with an arm bar. She would win five more the same way, which was part of the reason she found herself on White's radar. His company, Zuffa, bought the Strikeforce promotion that Rousey was fighting under, but the acquisition didn't necessarily mean a job for Rousey in the flagship promotion.
This warm and funny memoir is a love letter to a country in the grip of madness. Lyn and Ros Rogers are the owners of Drifters, a farm they bought after Zimbabwe’s independence in 1980. Their son Douglas tells the story of how they and their motley staff seek to coexist with the Comrades who try to take over their farm while the economy crashes and spins out of control around them. This book gives the reader an understanding of why there will never be an Arab spring in Zimbabwe – we Zimbos are resilient to the nth degree. We don’t revolt, we “make a plan”. In my favourite passage in the book, a most unlikely character turns out to be the biggest pothead on Zimbabwean soil since Bob Marley and the Wailers played the independence concert. Magic.
Jay and his family bought a home in the same neighborhood as RG3 and his wife.
Of course, Israel does nothing unilaterally. It is a stunted, militaristic faux-state that depends entirely on the West for its continued existence. From the funds it builds its military with, to the very hardware it buys and maintains, starting from the day the modern state of Israel was founded up to and including today, Israel is in reality a state-sized forward operating base (FOB).Wikipedia defines a FOB as follows:
Love and Marriage WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED? "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8) "Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5) WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE? "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) "On the first date, they just tell each other lies,and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10) "Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9) THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED? It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9) "It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7) CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE: "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." Jan, 9) "I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8) ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE: "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life." (Roger, 9) "If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes to long to learn." (Leo, 7) ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE: "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8) "It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7) "Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9) CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS: "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) "They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8) CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE: "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' are on TV." (Anita, 6) "Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8) "I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10) PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER: "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) "One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8) SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU: "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6) "Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9) "One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9) HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ? "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9) "Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8) "It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9) WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU": "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) "The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9) HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS: "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7) "It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9) WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE? "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) "It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10) HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE: "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) "Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7) Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8) "Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy,8) Anonymous If you enjoyed this, you might like:
Brown, 17, works 25 hours a week as a fry cook at a McDonald’s down the street from where he lives in Holyoke, Massachusetts. While classmates were at the beach or the mall, Brown was learning life skills — how to behave in a professional workplace, how to multitask when the lunch rush started, how not to talk back when his managers criticized him. He said he hopes the experience will help him get a job after college. And though the pay was low, he was able to buy his own school clothes and save some money toward a car.
If he decides not to rush the puck up ice himself, he has a solid first pass and will often look to begin a breakout this way. He has some good puck-handling skills, able to deke around defenders in the neutral or offensive zone to help buy teammates time before setting them up for zone entries or scoring chances.
Even some of those who do get paid by Uncle Sam have grown more openly skeptical of U.S. counterterrorism policy. Capt. Robert Newson, a Navy SEAL who served as director of the Joint Interagency Task Force-Counter Terrorism, told an interviewer at West Point’s Combating Terrorism Center that “drone strikes, manned airstrikes, and special operations raids … buy space and time. But by themselves they are only a delaying action, and everywhere I have been, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, every military person up and down the chain of command acknowledges this. This ‘CT concept’ — the solution that some people champion where the main or whole effort is drone strikes and special operations raids — is a fantasy.”
Gold floats at a dollar valued market price. As of the writing of this article, it had recently closed at $1,146 per troy ounce. When people get nervous about the economy, there is often a flight into gold. As a result of the recent recession, gold hit an all-time high of $1,900 an ounce in 2011. There are other reasons to buy gold, but the main one is that it is considered a safe haven to protect investors against a possible catastrophe in the economic markets.
There are numerous studies and articles, which show the inverse reaction of gold prices to a stock market crash. So, this 10 percent holding is somewhat of a hedge. This is intuitive. When the market crash happens, money flows from the stock market into gold and when it is over, the money flows back into the stock market. Stay the course and, if you have the stomach for it, as your 10 percent gold holding increases, sell it and buy the low valued stocks.
It’s a pretty simple, but very ingenious idea that Glenn Berger started doing 14 years ago: Berger will travel to golf courses all around Florida, dive into the course’s various water hazards, retrieve all the golf balls, then sell them for a $1 a piece. Golf balls become relatively ineffective after 24 hours underwater, but there are plenty of driving ranges still willing to buy them from him.
Sowells said he has never been arrested before and he plans to fight the charge. He also bought the BMW. Snellville police contend he had opportunities to cooperate with their investigation.
Starwood Retail Partners bought the Plano shopping center a year ago from the original developer, Taubman Centers Inc.
Over the last few years, we've covered President Obama's war on whistleblowers , including the fact that he's used the Espionage Act against whistleblowers more than every other President combined, which is really quite incredible when you think about it. The NY Times has tried to dig around and figure out why the Obama administration is so harsh on whistleblowers and comes up with a few different sources. The first one, the Times reporter actually buries pretty far down in the story: Senator Dianne Feinstein from California:Of course, as we've pointed out a few times, Feinstein, ridiculously, seems much more concerned about leaks than the government abuses and lawbreaking that those leaks reveal. That's quite incredible when you think about it.The second source -- also underplayed by the article -- is officials in the intelligence community itself, who the President and his top advisors seem somewhat in awe of, and rarely seem willing to push back on what they have to say:Basically, the long term intelligence insiders were sick of leaks -- such as the revealing of their warrantless wiretapping -- meaning that they actually have to answer to the public for overreaching into everyone's private lives. Given the combination of those intelligence agencies and Feinstein (who has always parroted whatever the intelligence agencies have to say), President Obama put his first Director of National Intelligence on the job of "solving" this issue of whistleblowers. And Blair apparently took to it with fervor, believing that the best thing to do would be to "make some examples" bypeople:While he's not literally talking about hanging someone, just the idea that they set out, purposefully, to "make examples" out of whistleblowers, is what lead to these kinds of massive overreaches and the chilling effects found today. The administration may think that's a good thing, because it keeps their secrets secret -- but it's also what's allowed massive abuses within the government to flourish with no one willing to blow the whistle.The next culprit outlined (and mentioned above) is Attorney General Eric Holder, who teamed up with Blair to craft a program that was focused on going after anyone they could very aggressively:So, rather than get the whole story, understand what's going on, the DOJ has a three-week deadline before moving forward withinvestigations on whistleblowing.The final person to blame for all of this: the President himself. As noted above, he seems to accept everything the intelligence guys tell him without question. And that leads to absolutely moronic claims like the following:The Times reporter doesn't dig into this, but that meeting from March 2011 was first written about in Jane Mayer's amazing New Yorker article about the ridiculous prosecution against whistleblower Thomas Drake . That was a case where Drake legitimately blew the whistle on fraud and abuse within the NSA -- and it was only in searching for who was behind a different leak, that investigators found a completely pointless document on his home computer, including details of some meeting schedules. The document was, but prosecutors said that Drake should have known it was actually classified (even though the documentdeclassified months later).That was clearly an extreme case of going after a whistleblower for being a whistleblower -- and yet when confronted on this, the President strongly pushed back against it and seemed to buy completely into the bogus claims his intelligence people were telling him about Drake. From the Mayer piece:Of course, Brian was exactly right -- Thomas Drake was exactly the kind of whistleblower President Obama claims he wants more of: the kind who reveal government wrongdoing in the form of financial shenanigans. And yet, he never seemed to recognize or acknowledge that Drake never revealed anything that jeopardized national security. Given how the various intelligence bosses -- from Blair to Keith Alexander to James Clapper (and their various predecessors who are now making tons of money working for private defense contractors bilking billions from the government on these issues) -- seem to have decided that they need to "hang" a few leakers, President Obama's failure to recognize that they've been using his support for this to hang true whistleblowers, rather than anyone who's harmed national security, means he needs to take the blame for this massive failure within his own administration.Brian was completely correct in her statements. These actions -- and the latest Snowden revelations of a President who seems to cave to the intelligence agencies at every chance -- really do a massive amount of harm to his legacy. But, tragically, the President appears to have a huge blindspot on that, not realizing how damning his war on whistleblowers has become.
A year ago, the previously convicted Austrian real estate speculator René Benko bought the Karstadt corporation for a symbolic sum of €1. In June 2015, however, he and his real estate holding company Signa were not able to acquire the department store chain Galeria Kaufhof and merge it with the Karstadt Group.
After realizing it was just my fault (as normal) that the game was acting crazy, I grew to love Overwatch. When the open beta ended, I was saddened because I was too afraid to buy it knowing that I had to be careful with what money I had left. My memory is a bit iffy in the earlier months of chemotherapy, but I remember asking my dad if it was alright if I used $40 of our money to buy Overwatch. At the state I was in, chemotherapy had left me deathly ill, and my dad was more on the side of providing whatever made me happy rather than staying strict with finances and said that if that's what I wanted, then I should buy it. (It probably helped too that I didn't get anything for my birthday other than a card from my sister, so technically it can be viewed as my own belated birthday present to myself. June 4th btw!!)
The villas advertised on the website never existed, one Fyre employee said — they listed them as a joke, not expecting anyone to buy them. Organizers ignored emails and left ticket-holders unsure of where they were flying in from or when until days before the festival.
“It was tricky and involved many rewrites,” says Berry. “I think the scene was more difficult for Sam than it was for me. The audience needs to buy that Jamie would do anything to ensure the safety of his son, including sacrificing his dignity by allowing Grey to essentially rape him. Whereas the book has the benefit of several hundred pages to flesh out this conflict, in the show it’s condensed into only a couple of short scenes. It was important for both Sam and I to endow Jamie’s proposal with as much sincerity as possible so that we could then subvert the expectations of the audience when Grey rejects him. And for Grey it was important for the rejection not to seem cruel but come from a place of honor and compassion for Jamie. This helps the audience to understand the depth of their friendship. Grey loves Jamie but would never abuse or transgress his friendship with Jamie for his own selfish purposes.”
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
Then Marie proves once again that she disillusioned by the level of “fame” that she has when she wrote, “The notion that I bought the Internet and or employ trolls to attack anyone on the show is simply ridiculous. By now everyone should know that if I have something to say I’m pretty direct and at no loss for words via my blog or live during my after show periscope.” No one thinks that Marie would be able to “buy the internet.” As far as random trolls go, I bet that they are just a series of accounts that Marie has the password to. And I have no idea who this “everyone” she is referring to in regard to the readers of her social media content and blog. She is not even a Housewife – I can’t stress that enough.
Internist Ronald Weiss has been treating patients in Hudson County for 25 years but recently he’s sold his practice and cashed in all his assets to buy a farm in which he grows his patients’ medicine.
Want to buy a mid-century style table? Be prepared to shell out lots of dough—unless you’re willing to go the DIY route. To pull off this easy hack from Triple Max Tons, all you need is a LACK coffee table and tapered legs from eBay (if the legs don’t come with top plates, you can buy straight or angled—as they are in this hack—at Loews). Unscrew the old legs, install the tapered legs and top plates about an inch from the corners, and voila! Charming, fancy looking table at a reasonable price.
To make this fun little shelf, you’ll need to buy an IKEA STATLIG board, an EKBY BJARNUM shelf holder, and some paracord and steel washers.
At the center of the plan is local fisherman Michael Forbes, who has long been an irritant to Trump. Forbes has refused the American tycoon's offer of nearly $700,000 (488,000 pounds) to buy his family's 23-acre run-down farm, which sits at the center of the planned resort.
Rogers, which operates cable TV and telecom service in Canada, bought 80 percent of the Blue Jays in 2000 and the remaining 20 percent in 2004, as part of a strategy to obtain broadcasting rights for what is Canada’s only remaining MLB team.
Part of the reason that people actually like Super Bowl commercials is that they frequently use humor and risqué themes that no politician would ever dare deploy. Even under these ideal circumstances, the spots have very little effect. According to a two-year study by the advertising research firm Communicus, most Super Bowl ads do not have any positive effect on persuading potential customers to buy the product or service being touted.
5. Every dollar in ad buys is a dollar into the hands of the very same media that attack conservative beliefs and candidates instead of being put to use building things that can last.
Over-relying on advertising is also a less effective way of developing conservative talent. News websites or TV stations need a lot of writers, editors, and technicians in order to function. A political ad rarely needs more than 20. Besides having a much lower return on investment, ad buys cost far more than media properties, particularly online ones.
For a while I have been looking for a place to store all of Nicole’s stuffed animals. My husband even went out and bought one of the nets that you put up in the corner of the room. This was when we realized that: 1) we didn’t have a corner large enough in her room to put it 2) it was no where large enough to hold even a fraction of her stuffed animals and 3) it was a pain in the butt to install. What we really needed was a little hammock that we could put on a wall and not in a corner.
I was there for Hurricane Sandy. I bought a refrigerator full of food and then this hurricane came along and knocked my power out for three days. All that food went rotten. Even worse: half the city came to a grinding halt. What the hell was that about? You have a problem with downtown, but midtown was fine, planet? Weirdo.
She makes it clear at the outset what kind of aid she means. She does not mean humanitarian or emergency aid, mobilised in response to calamities; she does not mean charity-based aid, given to specific organisations and people on the ground, in order to achieve specific things (she sits on the boards of several charities, one of which distributes antiretrovirals); she is hopeful about a new attitude to food aid, whereby the money is used to buy food from farmers within a country, and then distribute it to those in need, instead of flooding the place with foreign food that undercuts local growers. What she means is "systemic aid", the vast sums regularly transferred from government to government, or via institutions such as the World Bank. (Full)
And the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign? I am still waiting for the win he was training forThis Karma thing is gorgeousAnd the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign? I imagine France should be able to take this unless Lilbow is busy practicing for Starcraft III. | KadaverBB is my fairy ban mother.
And the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign? I am still waiting for the win he was training forThis Karma thing is gorgeousAnd the first part - yeah, "we fucked the best players, but we are doing what's best for the players" - I think that's just a pure PR meaningless talk. What is she supposed to say? We fucked Koreans, we applied racist rule, we haven't released book rules yet, but ... we are doing the best for players. Do you want to buy Nova campaign?
Hasbro is aiming at luring 8- to 12-year-olds back to these board games. Its executives say this age group, accustomed to video games, wants a fast-paced game that requires using their hands. To move forward on the new Monopoly board, players cover their game piece with their hands, and the tower announces how many spaces the player can move. Players also hold their hands over decals to buy or sell properties, insert “bank cards” into slots to check their accounts, and send a plastic car moving around a track to win money or other advantages (only when the tower instructs them to, of course).
“For games, but really for anything you buy today, you need to be able to take it out of the box and play it,” said John Frascotti, Hasbro’s chief marketing officer. “You’re not ensconced in the rulebook.”
The adherence to rules also speeds up the game and makes it more interesting, she said. For example, if a player lands on Marvin Gardens but decides not to buy it, the rules mandate that it be auctioned off right away — but a lot of players do not know or do not follow that rule.
Though Hasbro is emphasizing social interaction with the game, some Monopoly players and academics said the new version sounded much less social — no arguing over whether a player could buy his neighbor’s “Get Out of Jail Free” card?
5 copies will get you through 5 weeks, that way you can edit the list if you need to before printing it again. When I run low on something that’s not on my static list, I grab a pen out of the drawer and simply add it to the list stuck to the fridge. Things I don’t need to buy that week get crossed out and I base the rest of the list on Tip #4…
First and foremost, Remand is cheap. Even if it is not a permanent counterspell, Remand answers a threat in the short term immediately and for just two mana. In this way, it is reliably, like Spell Snare, one of the only counters in Standard that is consistently less expensive than the card it is fighting. The cheap cost of Remand is a selling point in that Blue players can keep land light hands in the early game, buy a turn with Remand, and draw into additional lands. Because Blue players just need time to win (that is, they aren't being killed by a Scab-Clan Mauler), running this card as even a temporary measure gives them a tremendous advantage. Just countering a second turn Watchwolf against Zoo is often like drawing between four and seven cards for a Blue player because an unopposed Watchwolf might outright kill him... The additional time the Blue player buys with that little Remand literally gives him additional topdecks that he would not otherwise have.
Hemingway’s contempt for Canada was, by late 1923, not limited to his private letters. On December 15 of that year, two short pieces written by Hemingway—one titled “I Like Americans,” the other “I Like Canadians”—appeared in the Star. The latter piece backhandedly says of Canadians, “They go home at night. Their cigarettes don’t smell bad. Their hats fit. They really believe they won the war. They don’t believe in Literature. They think Art has been exaggerated. But they are wonderful on skates. A few of them are very rich. But when they are rich they buy more horses than motorcars.”
Muller was taken aback. “Did MADD feel that kids were going to buy the beer and party at the exits? What kid is going to buy a $10 bottle of beer?” Nevertheless, he placated his critics by posting the disclaimer on his website: “The New Jersey Turnpike Authority has no affiliation with the Exit Series. Both the Turnpike Authority and Flying Fish agree that you should never drink and drive.”
I eased my way in at first. I went to my local drugstore and purchased a package of Softcups. Softcups are disposable menstrual cups that last throughout your period but are discarded afterward. After one cycle, I was in love with the concept so much that I ditched the throw-away cups and bought my first reusable menstrual cup. There are a variety of brands such as The Lily Cup, The Diva Cup, Lunette, Lena Cup, MeLuna, and Mooncup to choose from, each one unique in its shape, size, and firmness. I opted for the Lena Cup.
Image Lawrence J. Ellision, chief executive of Oracle, at a hearing over his company’s takeover bid for PeopleSoft in 2004. Oracle used repatriated funds to buy PeopleSoft and another software provider, and then eliminated thousands of jobs, a congressional study found. Credit Paul Sakuma/Associated Press
Toilet establishments aside, the cuisine is reason enough to visit Taiwan. Enjoy spicy pork dumplings and beef noodle soup bought from street vendors or gorge on platefuls of xiaochi or “small eats” at one of the nation’s 300 night markets.
“It’s one thing to create innovation or buy innovation, it’s another to turn it into something that drives profit. That’s the trick and that’s how you get out of gimmick and falling into the chasm. That’s our approach,” Rowley said.
“It’s about being part of the solution and getting people to buy into productivity and believing people can learn things,” Pickerel said. “We can’t use a lot of warm bodies. There’s no room for error.”
Now, thanks to the marketplace, families or individuals who are looking for affordable health care plans are be able to buy them. In essence, the marketplace makes each state act as its own company, where insurance companies compete for people seeking health care coverage, forcing these insurance companies to create new low and affordable prices.
TriMet may add a new, more environmentally friendly type of bus to its fleet that’s different from a hybrid – it would run off compressed natural gas (CNG). Next week, the TriMet Board will consider a resolution authorizing a multi-year bus purchase contract that includes the option to buy up to 120 40-foot CNG buses. The new contract is part of TriMet General Manager Neil McFarlane’s accelerated bus purchase program and would provide for future-year bus deliveries in 2015 through 2019.
“TriMet has been exploring numerous green transit options and is currently analyzing the costs and benefits of adding CNG buses to the fleet,” said TriMet General Manager Neil McFarlane. “The option to buy CNG buses is part of TriMet’s ongoing effort to increase our sustainability and improve air quality throughout the region.”
The cost is $6 per horoscope, but there are discounts if you buy multiple tokens. Each Long-Range, Big-Picture Audio Forecast is 7 to 9 minutes long. (P.S. You can also listen to a short-term audio horoscope for the coming week! "This week (Feb 26, 2019)")
Now let’s imagine your friend wants to buy the product. Clicking on the link brings up a page featuring the product with a nice big red buy now button at the bottom.
And that’s it. Your first customer has bought your first product. Congratulations!
Step 3: cling wrap the top of the container to prevent spillage. Ran out of cling wrap? I’m afraid you need to go out and buy some. Don’t be tempted to use the plastic lid that came with the tub instead; cling wrap is better because it allows more room for stretching during the vacuuming.
By misleading the people who buy the beer, the lawsuit claims, they are able to charge up to 50 percent more for the product.
The war against the left, against Democrats, against Unions, against minorities has been a long time in the planning and it is reaching a crescendo. We see it in the union busting in Wisconsin, Ohio and New York ( by dems in M A) and the passage of onerous laws making it harder for minorities and the poor to vote. We see it in the Supreme Court's Citizen's United unleashing of hundreds of millions, soon to be billions in money used to buy compliant candidates.
This is a situation that happens every few months, without fail. When this happens, it is crucial to take a step back and breathe. Go hang out with your friends and grab a beer. Zoom the chart out and look at the year-to-date, or at least the last few months. You’ll realize that the current correction is merely a blip on the radar in an otherwise upward trajectory. It’s easy to drive yourself crazy and make emotional decisions if you stare at 30-minute candles for 18 hours a day. Don’t be a weak hand that panic sells, only to buy back higher once the correction is over. Remember, buy low and sell high, not the other way around.
It’s only a loss once you sell. But don’t be afraid to exit unprofitable positions. If you believe in a project, just buy and hold. Very few people make money trading. Don’t try to be a hero. There’s no shame in taking profit. What goes up must come down. And what goes down generally comes back up. Things are never as good as people say they are, and they’re never as bad as people say they are. Do your own research and come to your own conclusions. Relying too heavily on others will burn you and you won’t understand your own investment. Don’t trust anyone else with your money. There is no substitute for good research and understanding of your investment. Fundamental analysis is crucial. Never trade or invest on emotion. As a rule of thumb, don’t buy the all-time high. What goes up will almost always come back down. Only invest what you can afford to lose. Only invest what you can afford to lose. ONLY INVEST WHAT YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE.
If you’re hoping to buy a 1080 Ti and convert it to a liquid-cooled card – something that we tested with this very card – this is one of the best options. You’re discarding the cooler anyway, so don’t spend big on one; get a cheaper cooler, like the one on the Armor, and a good PCB. In our testing with a closed-loop cooler, the Armor PCB became one of the best cards on our thermal charts, while also retaining one of the better PCBs. You definitely wouldn’t want this thing with its stock cooler, but it’s primed for modding.
The most efficient way to cultivate it was on large plantations. Since it was so valuable it was cheaper to just import food with the profits so as much land as possible could be dedicated to sugar cultivation. It was the islands of the west indies like Jamaica, Haiti, Cuba, and Barbados that were ideal for growing it. Sugar Cane exhausted the soil which would be an important factor in the future. The British West Indies were far more valuable then the mainland in the amount of profits it generated. The British West Indies were at one point 4 times as valuable as all the other British colonies combined. The Growth of the still colonial future northern united states was fueled by providing the food and supplies for these islands which generated enormous fortunes. Those plantation owners who got rich in the sugar returned to England where they formed the powerful “West Indian Interest” as Williams called it which bought a number of famous english politicians like Gladstone and the famous conservative Burke. They used their political muscle to enforce a sugar monopoly forcing England to buy it’s more expensive west indian sugar instead of the cheaper sugar from France’s newer and hence more fertile Caribbean colonies. This would later be their downfall but for a time they would rule England and their enormous fortunes would fund the industrialization of England.
GS: CDs triangulate the kids and use them as pawns and weapons of war in divorce. As pathetic as it already is for CDs to treat the person they supposedly once worshiped so horrendously, their willingness to use their children to emotionally wound their partner is even more reprehensible. But the greater the character disturbance, the less compunction the CD has to use the kids in this way. Alienating kids from the other parent. Trying to sabotage whatever positive relationship there is. Bribing and trying to buy affection and allegiance, not just with money but with superficial attentiveness, attention, seduction, and placating.
Media conglomerate News Corp UK & Ireland, Ltd., which owns The Sun and The Times, bought the rights to online and mobile highlights back in January 2013. Nineteen months later, the league is deciding to put its foot down.
The 23-page document is a manifesto of sorts, saying he was motivated to kill his former co-workers after the recent Charleston church shootings. The document says Williams bought a gun June 19, two days after authorities say Dylann Roof killed nine people inside a black church. Police have called the Charleston massacre a racially motivated hate crime.
Nearly five years ago, he started on the JFK project. As a detective, he says, he was happy to go "where the evidence takes us". He bought a 26-volume set of the official Warren Commission report. Then the 5000-page Assassination Records Review Board finding of 1993, which lifted secrecy provisions on material from 28 Government agencies.
As mentioned Ben is a big advocate of magnesium supplements, after particularly bruising games think about using magnesium bath salts to help recover from delays onset muscle soreness (DOMS). In addition Ben also has a tasty recommendation for helping your recover from injuries. Get down to your local butchers and buy plenty of on-the-bone meat, get it all in a pan with some stock and a whole load of veggies. Leave it to stew for a while before removing the bones. The resultant broth is packed full of the kinds of nutrients that will help improve recovery times.
Once you have their money, you never give it back. (“The Nagus” [DS9]) Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to. (“The Maquis, Part II” [DS9]) Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. (“The Nagus” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]) Keep your ears open. (“In the Hands of the Prophets” [DS9]) Small print leads to large risk. (Legends of the Ferengi) Opportunity plus instinct equals profit. (“The Storyteller” [DS9]) Greed is eternal. (“Prophet Motive” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Anything worth doing is worth doing for money. (Legends of the Ferengi) A deal is a deal... until a better one comes along. (“Melora” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. (“Heart of Stone” [DS9]) Satisfaction is not guaranteed. (“Meridian” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Never place friendship above profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) A wise man can hear profit in the wind. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “False Profits” [VGR]) Nothing is more important than your health... except for your money. (“Acquisition” [ENT]) There is nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9]) Never insult a Ferengi’s mother. Insult something he cares about instead. (“The Siege” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) It never hurts to suck up to the boss. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) War is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Siege of AR-558” [DS9]) Peace is good for business. (“Destiny” [DS9], “The Perfect Mate” [TNG]) She can touch your lobes, but never your latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) Profit is its own reward. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never confuse wisdom with luck. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t trust a man wearing a better suit than yours. (“Rivals” [DS9]) The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Never ask when you can take. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Babel” [DS9]) Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. (“Armageddon Game” [DS9]) There is no substitute for success. (Legends of the Ferengi) Free advice is seldom cheap. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9]) Keep your lies consistent. (Legends of the Ferengi) The riskier the road, the greater the profit. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], “Little Green Men” [DS9], “Business as Usual” [DS9]) Win or lose, there’s always Huyperian beetle snuff. (Legends of the Ferengi) Knowledge equals profit. (“Inside Man” [VGR]) Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum. (“Civil Defense” [DS9]) Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (“The Homecoming” [DS9]) Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge. (Legends of the Ferengi) The flimsier the product, the higher the price. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never let the competition know what you’re thinking. (Legends of the Ferengi) Ask not what your profits can do for you, but what you can do for your profits. (Legends of the Ferengi) Females and finances don’t mix. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9], “Profit and Lace” [DS9]) Expand or die. (“False Profits” [DS9], “Acquisition” [ENT]*) Enough... is never enough. (Legends of the Ferengi) Every man has his price. (“In the Pale Moonlight” [DS9]) Trust is the biggest liability of all. (Legends of the Ferengi) Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever. (“The Jem’Hadar” [DS9]) Sleep can interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Rules of Acquisition” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Faith moves mountains... of inventory. (Legends of the Ferengi) There is no honor in poverty. (Legends of the Ferengi) Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack. (“Rivals” [DS9]) Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9], “The Darkness and the Light” [DS9]) Never have sex with the boss’s sister. (“Playing God” [DS9]) Always have sex with the boss. (Legends of the Ferengi) Everything is for sale, even friendship. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum. (Legends of the Ferengi) You can’t make a deal if you’re dead. (“The Siege of AR-558” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Wives serve, brothers inherit. (“Necessary Evil” [DS9]) Only fools pay retail. (Legends of the Ferengi) There’s nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket. (Legends of the Ferengi) Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Whisper your way to success. (“Treachery, Faith, and the Great River” [DS9], Legends of the Ferengi) Know your enemies... but do business with them always. (Legends of the Ferengi) Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money. (Legends of the Ferengi) Hear all, trust nothing. (“Call to Arms” [DS9]) Never cheat a Klingon... unless you’re sure you can get away with it. (Legends of the Ferengi) It’s always good to know about new customers before they walk in your door. (“Whispers” [DS9]) The justification for profit is profit. (Legends of the Ferengi) New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. (“Little Green Men” [DS9]) Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success. Don’t hesitate to step on them. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach. (“The Maquis, Part I” [DS9]) You can’t free a fish from water. (“Past Tense, Part I” [DS9]) Always know what you’re buying. (Legends of the Ferengi, “The Abandoned” [DS9]) Beware the man who doesn’t make time for oo-mox. (Legends of the Ferengi, “Profit and Loss” [DS9]) Latinum lasts longer than lust. (“Ferengi Love Songs” [DS9]) You can’t buy fate. (Legends of the Ferengi) Never be afraid to mislabel a product. (“Body Parts” [DS9]) More is good. All is better. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wife is a luxury. A smart accountant is a necessity. (Legends of the Ferengi) A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience. (Legends of the Ferengi) Don’t let doubt interfere with your lust for latinum. (“Bar Association” [DS9]) When in doubt, lie. (Legends of the Ferengi) Deep down, everyone’s a Ferengi. (Legends of the Ferengi) No good deed ever goes unpunished. (“The Collaborator” [DS9], “The Sound of Her Voice” [DS9])
Built on the NEO blockchain and leveraging superconducting transactions, Aphelion is launching the first DEX platform built for all coins. One that can support the heaviest trading traffic while being open source, allowing new and custom interfaces. A welcome addition to the crypto-trading community. Instant, secure and truly decentralized, Aphelion is a game changer. One that will change the way in which you buy and sell your coins, freeing us from the centralized exchanges and countless threats our cryptocurrency experience. Control is placed back into our hands, providing you and I with a decentralized exchange for our decentralized crypto.
The movie is distributed by Pantelion, a joint venture of Hollywood studio Lionsgate Entertainment and Mexican media giant Televisa that intends to tap the Hispanic American moviegoing audience that last year bought 10.9 million tickets or 26 percent of all tickets sold, according to the industry group Motion Picture Association of America.
1. First, the same statute bans not just foreigners’ “contributions” directly to campaigns, but also “expenditure[s]” of money or “thing[s] of value” by foreigners. Indeed, when it comes to foreigners spending money to buy ads, print leaflets and the like, that equation of contributions and expenditures is well settled: Foreigners can neither contribute money to a candidate nor spend their money to support or oppose a candidate.
Right from the start, a candidate who wants to become a Space Marine must undergo a harsh and brutal series of tests designed to weed out the weak and infirm. This is identical to my own difficult life, where I needed to catch the bus to the Games Workshop store and the bus would sometimes be late. Also there was that one time I needed $60 to buy a new unit of Marines but I only had $50 and the manager wouldn’t let me have it no matter how I complained. This is something women could not possibly understand.
Unless you believe in Voodoo, you will want to identify the means through which quantitative easing transmitted its possibly beneficial impact to Main Street. We can think of two ways. One is increased availability of credit. The other is lower long-term interest rates. Common sense and economic theory suggest that the two are linked. Larger amounts of credit lead to lower interest rates and lower rates lead to larger amounts of credit. On this basis, we should look only to one of the two variables. Yet, Fed distinguished between the two in its rhetoric, even if the open market operations are based on the supposition that they are linked as the Fed buys credit instruments to lower interest rates. The reason for this distinction seems to be that the Fed controls the short-term interest rates, not the long-term ones, through its conventional open market operations. When the crisis exploded, the Fed was able to lower the short-term rates to practically zero, but the long-term ones remained aloft. Quantitative easing increased the purchases well beyond what was needed to keep the short-term rates close to zero. It also aimed at reducing the long-term rates by purchasing long-term instruments in the market, including agency mortgage-backed securities ($600 billion between 2008 and 2009 and $40 billion per month since September 2012.)
The CIA doesn’t get to buy expensive fighter jets, it buys software. This software is produced at huge profit by companies that use former CIA employees as frontmen.
I was carded at a bar for trying to buy orange juice. :D lol RT @lastcall155 @holdsworth135 I was just denied kombucha for not having I.D. — Roxanne Modafferi (@Roxyfighter) August 26, 2014
Deciding why it failed in Vermont is key to whether you buy into the candidate’s promise to extend the program nationwide.
The 9/11 hacking allegations first surfaced in a report in the British newspaper, the Daily Mirror. The paper said journalists at the News of the World approached a New York private investigator and tried to buy phone records of victims from him. The investigator, who had been a cop, allegedly declined to provide the records.
Unfortunately, you can't go out and buy a six-pack of moon brew. It is only available on the menu at the company's Rehoboth Beach brewpub. The lucky few who get to drink it are served their pints in space-suit koozies, made from (you guessed it) the same material as ILC Dover's space suits.
: With mobile now at more than 50 percent of usage, publishers are struggling with ad formats on the smartphone. How can the Android champion help there? RELATED ARTICLE Google and Storyful are launching YouTube Newswire, a feed of verified user-generated videos Joseph Lichterman Video : Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal.
: Publishers see ad riches in digital video, but they struggle with its costs and presentation. Further, Google’s YouTube isn’t the greatest environment for news video. The company could find ways to align interests. Take what it announced today, its new YouTube News Service, powered by Storyful. YouTube is a great service, but its sheer disorderliness has drained its full potential. YouTube have moved forward with channels in part to address the chaos. Now, the YouTube News Service takes that gangly world of user-generated news video, from Middle East actions to exploding volcanoes, and makes a little order of it. Storyful, smartly bought for $25 million by News Corp in 2013, will showcase five to 15 videos each day, each vetted for authenticity, the core of the Storyful proposition. That attention to editorial quality, as well as quantity, should be a wider Google goal. Reader revenue: Whatever publishers can do to increase digital ad revenue looms large. But it’s reader revenue that’s been the star of recent years. Paywalls have worked — terrifically at the biggest publications, somewhat for the regionals. As most publishers tighten the number of free articles available to non-subscribers, what could Google do to help publishers grow this essential revenue source?
Male suicide is one of the key topics covered at the third national conference for men and boys. To buy your tickets today click here now
The women are allowed to leave their compound for two hours a week to buy necessities, according to the report.
After Black's death, Seymour Milstein and Paul Milstein bought into United Fruit.[5]
To distinguish apps that you've bought in the Nook Store, a small "n" will appear as part of its icon in the navigational carousel at the top of the screen. Content bought in the Google Play store, such as movies, music, and e-books, will be accessible through Google's "players," not Barnes & Noble's.
Rumors about Rybolovlev’s direct or indirect relationship with Trump have swirled in part because Rybolovlev’s family trust paid $95 million in 2008 to buy a Palm Beach mansion from Trump as the global financial crisis took hold. Trump, who had purchased the property out of foreclosure for $41 million, is believed to have reaped a significant profit at a time when the global financial meltdown was hurting all real estate values and loans were tough to obtain.
House lawmakers defeated similar amendments when they passed the legislation in early May. The only amendment they did pass was the one that exempts vape shops, stores where people buy their e-cigarette devices and flavoring. Stores would be exempt if 80 percent of revenue came from the sale of e-cigarettes and the shop does not share space with other establishments.
Coletti handled the situation by sending a production assistant to Sam Ash to buy Grohl some new gear, including wire brushes and sizzle sticks. As a strong suggestions disguised as an early Christmas present, Grohl accepted the gear and went on to perform with his new gifts during 'Unplugged.'
What about Anarky? We get an interesting origin for the chaotic bugger, only to trot him out for a kidnapping plot that buys tentative peace between Team Arrow and Darhk. I’m sure he’ll put in another appearance or two before the season’s out, but his entire approach and participation seem far more controlled than anarchic.
Following difficult times in the 1960s and '70s, many small, independent distillers were bought up or went out of business. In order to survive, W. Grant & Sons expanded their production of the drink, and introduced advertising campaigns and a visitors' centre.[11] In this period they also took the decision to begin marketing single malt as a premium brand in its own right, effectively creating the modern single malt whisky category.[4]
It started innocuously enough. On the cusp of my 28th birthday, I had a frank conversation with my gynecologist where I explained my situation. A rising media career and newfound happiness with my singledom, coupled with an insatiable desire to travel, meant that I didn't envision getting married anytime soon, and couldn't imagine having kids before 35. She was eager to help and suggested I go to NYU, known for pioneering the technology since 2004. A month later, I walked into my consultation hoping egg freezing would buy me more time, but I walked out with a new epiphany: egg freezing would use genetic testing on embryos to ensure only the healthiest, pre-screened egg would be implanted. The doctor told me about a 33-year-old woman who froze her eggs and, upon testing 13 embryos, found that 12 of the 13 had chromosomal abnormalities. They were able to isolate and implant the one fully healthy embryo. The argument for egg freezing seemed overwhelmingly convincing to me, and I booked my surgery a few weeks later.
* Bulldogs centre Kerrod Holland again proved himself one of the best buys of the SuperCoach season so far. While he didn’t reach the two-try heights of last week he was a solid contributor with 56 points, including 22 tackles and 20 points from line breaks. It could have been even better had he not missed two conversions.
Just know this for now: if you aren’t signed up for the treaty, then you are not allowed to access civilian nuke technology or buy fuel for nuke energy production either. Which is why India is stuck. But the US likes India ! The UN likes India ! Hell, everybody likes India ! Okay, maybe not Pakistan . But most of the world sees India as a multi-cultural society and stable democracy that is developing rapidly in the modern world. And since they already have the nuke technology, most think they can handle nuke energy. But that pesky NPT! What to do about that?
One of those winners was pharmaceutical company Allergan Inc , which fought hard against being bought by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Ltd, and later signed a deal with Actavis Plc. Short bets against offshore drillers and Europe's Euro currency as the U.S. dollar was rising also helped.
Toki Tori 2 does what few games seem to be able to do – reinvent the core gameplay from its prequel, but keep intact what made people love it. Toki Tori 2 is a puzzle game at its heart, and you go through the world with your little yellow bird solving some pretty tough challenges with naught but a whistle and a ground stomp. Your limited abilities however are put to great use, moving blocks and pounding on blocks and pegs, attracting/repelling the creatures, and trying to many of these different things all at once. Somehow Toki Tori 2 manages to breakthrough the repetition that so many puzzle games suffer from and each puzzle genuinely manages to feel different each time – if you are a stickler for a puzzle game that will truly test you, buy this now!
The letter from Gaza to Flint — signed by various activists, including the prominent doctor Mona el-Farra — notes that Israel controls Palestinian water. The Israeli occupation steals from the coastal aquifer that is Gaza’s main source of water, prevents Palestinians from building sewage treatment facilities and forces them to buy water at prices they cannot afford.
The TCDSB bought that site and demolished the school some time ago. It still needs provincial approval before a new school can be built there, according to board documents.
Pyongyang’s rhetoric against Washington including a vow to attack its military bases in the Pacific and to stage a nuclear strike has not yet extended to its willingness to accept dollars, which South Koreans said they had to use to buy cigarettes and other goods in the zone.
Justice Stephen Breyer takes up a lot of these points in his dissent, most notably, the majority's laughably narrow definition of what political corruption actually is -- that political corruption exists only if you buy a specific result from a specific legislator. But it hardly matters. The five-vote majority in favor of virtually unlimited corporate and individual spending in our elections is a rock solid one. Four days after almost every Republican candidate danced the hootchie-koo in Vegas to try and gain the support of a single, skeevy casino gazillionnaire, the majority tells us that there is no "appearance of corruption" in this unless somebody gets caught putting a slot machine in the Lincoln Bedroom on behalf of Sheldon Adelson. Money talks. Big money repeats itself, over and over, age after age.
Let's attempt to make the case, however fruitless, that OSU's linebacker corps will thrive even without Ryan Shazier. I'll buy it, in fact, and here's why: Shazier was otherworldly, true, but perhaps the motivation to fill his All-American shoes brings the most out of the five or six linebackers set to top the rotation. Maybe motivation will send senior Curtis Grant off on a high note after three years of frustration; if he's ready, Grant's the guy in the middle – and if not, OSU won't hesitate to hand the job to five-star freshman Raekwon McMillan. There's a little competition underway on the strong side between sophomore Darron Lee and redshirt freshman Chris Worley, which I think will very beneficial for overall depth. And then there's the leader of the group, junior Joshua Perry (64 tackles), and I have a suspicion he's due for an all-conference season on the weak side. Also, keep in mind Ash's simplified scheme when considering OSU's potential on the second level.
Until last week, Chipotle hadn't disclosed the percentage of its produce that is locally grown, but Mr. Ells told investors that the total amount of locally grown produce Chipotle buys in a given year amounts to just about 10%--a figure that is likely to decrease, a spokesman said.
“My wife and I went to a sports store and bought a raft,” Paletz told the Forward. “Whoever has a kayak has been going down the street picking people up one by one.”
But wait, there is more! In addition to this, Warren Sharp is a tout. While The Ringer generously promotes his site, Sharp Football Stats, they don’t seem to mention his other site, Sharp Football Analysis, where Sharp sells football picks to gamblers. (You can buy a season long membership for the low, low price of $250….) According to Sharp, his record, shown below, is a 59% winning percentage over 12 years, with a whopping 77% win percentage in Overs (which is somehow different than “Over Leans”).
3) I don't know if you have a spy camera on me, but I absolutely LOVE Pumpkin Spice Lattes, and I had no idea you could buy the syrup - so I'm absolutely made up with my big bottle of Pumpkin Spice syrup.
Hawthorns sources have confirmed several groups are interested but none are British-based and no firm offers have been lodged. A sale would put the club in foreign hands for the first time in its 137-year history and net Peace a huge profit after he bought his majority stake for just a few million pounds a decade ago.
Knowledge@Wharton: You have people, you put a project on your website and you say, “We want to buy and develop this building, would you like to invest?” And you can invest any amount you want? You get investors up to $1 million? What is the average?
So we’ve really seen that type of consumer behavior happen, which I think is similar to what e-commerce was — the first time you bought something online, you weren’t sure if it was safe to put your credit card [number] in. You didn’t know when the box was going to arrive. And now it’s instantaneous — same-day delivery. I see similar consumer behavior patterns because you’re serving them a product they’ve never invested in before through a mechanism online that they haven’t [used] for that many different types of investments.
As if that wasn't scary enough, Wallach continues, "unlike most of our international agreements, the TPP has two strong enforcement mechanisms. First, if the U.S., for instance, were to continue to buy American and give that preference to our domestic economy, or, for that matter, states with Buy Local or communities with Buy Local school food, all of those things would be a violation of that agreement. Then, what happens is, any other country can drag the U.S. into a TPP tribunal, and if we don't get rid of the law, the U.S. would face perpetual trade sanctions, fines. This is actually enforceable international corporate law. The TPP provisions on investment would make some of the TPP constraints on policy actually enforceable by private individual companies, when an individual company could privately enforce a public treaty by insisting the U.S. government compensate the private investor or company out of our taxpayer dollars for any violation of the agreement that undermines their expected future profits." If you thought that bailing out bankers with taxpayers money was bad, TPP is a whole lot worse.
So if this thing goes as well as I’m expecting it to go, what’s next for me is to buy a 2nd one and get it installed on my other garage door. Having the ability to remotely operate these doors and check on them while I’m away is awesome. I also really enjoy and appreciate the open source nature of this device. When companies close-source their products, you are at their whim when it comes to updates. Have you ever wondered what would happen if Samsung decided to close up shop? Your SmartThings hub will no longer be as helpful to you. By opening up both the hardware and software to his device, Denis has ensured that his product can live on for a long time.
While checking out some news sites this morning, I found a story that will make you very happy you have the ability to drive to the Wally World, buy all the rods, reels, stink bait, and plastic worms your heart desires, then jump on your boat and use them. These things are not easy to come by in Cuba, and the government heavily regulates who can operate and own a boat due to illegal immigration. But one thing you can buy at three for a penny in Cuba is condoms. Turns out the Cubans have found many uses for them that go far beyond the bedroom.
I haven't bought groceries since I started this job. Not because I'm lazy, but because I got this ten pound bag of rice before I moved here and my meals at home (including the one I'm having as I write this) consist, by and large, of that. Because I can't afford to buy groceries. Bread is a luxury to me, even though you've got a whole fridge full of it on the 8th floor. But we're not allowed to take any of that home because it's for at-work eating. Of which I do a lot. Because 80 percent of my income goes to paying my rent. Isn't that ironic? Your employee for your food delivery app that you spent $300 million to buy can't afford to buy food. That's gotta be a little ironic, right?
WHY? We’ve heard Elop’s explanation, we’ve read thousands of words as the ink is being consistently spilled in dozens of reports, but still, we can’t help but wonder why did Nokia launch the X series? Why now? Why bother? Why does it matter? Just seriously … why? What will happen to the X series once the Microsoft acquisition is complete? Will Microsoft really launch and sell Android devices? If the point is for the X series to replace the Asha series, and Asha as a brandname is exclusive to Microsoft as part of the acquisition for the next 10 years, will Microsoft sell Asha Android phones? Isn’t that like Pizza Hut selling Dominos Pizza? Will Nokia have to pay licensing fees to Microsoft like all other Android OEMs? That would be, well, hilarious. Where do the cheap Lumias fit now? The Lumia 520, for example, was selling well in emerging markets mainly because it was a Nokia branded device at a cheap price, with good build quality, and with smartphone features. Isn’t that exactly what the X series is? If the X series is supposed to be a stepping stone for consumers to join the Lumia and Microsoft ecosystem, what will happen when a Nokia X owner who got used to Android apps on his phone decides to “upgrade” to a Lumia and doesn’t find those same apps available for Windows Phone? Conspiracy theory time: if Microsoft owns the right to use the Asha and Lumia brandname, and Nokia can’t use their own brand on a smartphone, could the X be (what’s left of) Nokia’s way of later releasing smartphones that aren’t Asha or Lumia or Nokia branded or under the Microsoft umbrella? Would that be a way to stay in the smartphone space without breaking their sale deal? Will people really care about an Android device that doesn’t run Google Apps? Will they know the difference? Or is Nokia banking on people not even being aware what Android is to sell these phones? If you were ever a Nokia fan and user, did your first reaction to the announcement go along the lines of: “Would things be different if Nokia chose this strategy, or even full Android support with Google certification, three years ago?” That was then followed by a small pinch of the heart and a “We will never know, will we?” Microsoft’s Joe Belfiore said one day earlier, during the Windows keynote, that the company isn’t too excited about some of Nokia’s extra-curricular activities. Isn’t it ironic how that turned around overnight to be full-blown support for the X series, with Microsoft offering 10GB of free OneDrive storage and 1 month of free worldwide Skype calls to the device’s buyers? How much will anyone trust buying apps from the Nokia Store, given Nokia’s horrendous track record at opening, managing and then closing application stores? If you buy a Nokia X phone now, is there any guarantee, anywhere, that Microsoft won’t cancel the project by the end of Q1 2014 and you’ll be left with no support, no service center, no app store, no one to complain to, and practically nothing? Will developers really bother to update their apps and submit them for approval to the Nokia Store? Or will they just wait to see what Microsoft will do with this whole side-project? And if developers do submit their apps to the Nokia Store, will they try to keep them up-to-date as they do on the Play Store? Who’s to say that there won’t be year-old versions of apps plaguing the Nokia X? How will Android apps and games that require Google Play Services or Google+ login work? Is it still a few lines of code changes, or will developers have to re-write chunks of the app from scratch? Will the Nokia X series be updated along with AOSP Android, or will it be stuck on Jelly Bean? Should we call Microsoft and ask them about their plans? Will the hacker folks at XDA-Developers find a way to extract those Here Maps and Drive .apk files so we can run the apps on our own Android devices? Here is notorious for its offline navigation feature, and extensive maps that are quite better than Google’s in emerging countries and remote areas. Also for the hackers, we’re crossing our fingers that there would be a way to port Google Apps to those devices, for a blessedly awkward marriage of Nokia hardware, tiled UI, and Google apps. How ironic would that be? Will the CyanogenMod team be able to port CM to the Nokia X series? That would make quite an appealing combination, wouldn’t it? Is it just us, or do you also feel a bit weird seeing Android AOSP and apps running on a Nokia handset, and Nokia news being covered on Android sites? Doesn’t it feel a bit like seeing your divorced parents online dating profile after knowing them only as a married couple for many years? And the most important question – will every over-loyalistic Nokia fanboy/fangirl who proclaimed for years that they wouldn’t ever use Android, that Android apps numbers don’t matter, that Windows Phone has everything they need, that Android apps are ugly, and so on, change their mind now? Oh the fun…
You drop out of college to go full time on Oculus. Then Facebook buys your company for $2 billion. You’re 21 and worth $700 million.
McMurtry detailed a case where a “high-end’’ car was seized from someone based on a hunch that it was bought with money from illegal drug sales. Without ever filing a criminal charge, police seized the car and McMurtry filed a civil suit alleging the car was bought in the process of laundering drug money, an indictable offense.
“We took a vehicle that we knew was purchased from the proceeds of criminal activity, through drug money,’’ McMurtry said on the video. “The way that the transaction to buy that car, this high-end car, was structured, to me, constituted money laundering.’’
For instance, forfeiture money bought 600 kits of the heroin overdose antidote naloxone, better known by the trade name Narcan, which were distributed to all police departments in the county in October, McMurtry said.
Despite the 'T' in the name, this is actually a concert scale ukulele, made in China and with some rather nice features. It's actually what I would call a 'budget' ukulele on account of the price point (about $150 or so), but there are some nice surprises with this one as you will see.The ukulele is traditionally double bout shaped and benefits from a solid spruce top that is really quite a nice piece of wood. The grain is uniform and looking at the edge of the sound hole, the wood is not too thick. It's finished in a satin coat and decorated with inlaid abalone edge binding and sound holerosette. I'm not a huge fan of spruce tops on ukuleles myself as I think they can look a bit anaemic, but that is just me.Elsewhere on the top we have a very standard looking tie bar bridge with plastic saddle, not much to say about that. I will say though, there are no flaws on the top that I can see.The back and sides contrast the pale top very nicely and are made of laminate zebra wood. This too is finished in satin, but the pores of the zebra wood show through the coat giving it a more organic feel to some of the other overly glossy or overly coated instruments that are around at this price. The back is slightly arched and also has cream edge binding where it meets the sides. I think the contrast is great and am a fan of this wood finish on ukuleles.A look inside the instrument shows a tidy build with notched kerfing and braces that are not over done. There is no mess and the brand logo inside is engraved on a piece of wood. No complaints here really.The neck is fairly standard in width and profile and is made from an unspecified hardwood. It's made of three pieces with a joint at the heel and one at the headstock. It too is satin coated, but it feels natural and isn't sticky in the hands.Topping the neck is a rosewood fingerboard with a very nice even colour and one that appears to be in good condition. The edges are unbound and stained meaning you can see the fret edges. We have 18 nickel silver frets in total with 14 to the body. They are all dressed well, with no sharp edges and they are quite low profile which I like. Position markers are facing outward in mother of pearly, but sadly there are no side markers. A fairly unremarkable neck, but one that I really don't have many complaints about either.Past the plastic nut we have a fairly generic headstock shape, spruced up by a veneer of the stripy zebra wood on the face. The Aiersi logo is engraved in the wood which I rather like.Tuners are unbranded silver geared tuners, but they are functional and not overly large. They work well enough.Completing the deal is a rather gaudy bright gig bag which aside from the looks, is pretty decent quality with good zips and straps. Strings are Aquila SuperNylguts.All in all then, a rather nice looking and nicely made instrument for a superb price. I really like what is starting to come over from China. Years back the majority of instruments from over there left a lot to be desired with thick woods, thick finishes and generally bad builds. Of course some of those still exist, but there are more and more who seem to be getting it right. I think this one fits that category.I must admit though, when I saw the price I WAS expecting a couple of things - either a bad build or that it would be over built and heavy (killing the tone).First of all, it's not over built. It's not heavy to hold and you can see that the woods are not over done. It's nicely balanced and the finish is thin such that it feels nice in the hands without being over bearing. Construction too seems to be decent, with intonation close to spot on and nothing out of place or splitting and failing.The sound surprised me actually. It's not a high end instrument tone, but it doesn't pretend to be, but the usual problems with instruments of this sort of price are really not there. First of all, it is not lacking volume. Sure, it's not the loudest I have played, but it's certainly no slouch. It projects well to my ears.It's also got a chime to the tone, probably helped by the spruce top, but reminiscent to me of what I felt about the Moselele Bambookulele instruments the first time I played them (similarly priced too). If anything I find it a little too bright and think it would benefit from a touch more bottom end, but it's not offensive in any way and very 'ukulele' sounding. It's not going to win awards for delicate clarity of tone and dynamic range, but it does what it does competently enough and I quite liked it.The constructions doesn't seem to be affecting the tone or accuracy in any way and I think it stands out as a good choice for an absolute beginner wanting something that beats the usual cheap badly made stuff on the market. I'd certainly take this over an overly finished brightly coloured acrylic coated monstrosity or a ukulele billed as 'solid' but made from thick woods - ANY day.So, sound wise and construction wise, for the price I am finding this to be quite a safe bet.My main gripe though - I don't think they are easy to find and certainly are not yet in the main dealers I recommend. Yes they can be found on eBay or Amazon sellers shops, but that leaves me with a dilemma because I don't like to recommend those places for buying. Saying all that, the price is an absolute steal, so might be worth a shot?Be sure to read all my other ukulele reviews here PriceGeneral build qualityNice gig bagNo side fret markersNot sure where to buy them reliablyLooks - 8.5 out of 10Fit and Finish - 8.5 out of 10Sound - 8 out of 10Value for money - 9 out of 10UKULELE VIDEO REVIEW
Insignia is the in-house Best Buy brand. I bought this monitor to replace an old CRT monitor. It's not flashy but so far its getting the job done. I had bought a Dell monitor similar to it and found that this Insignia was better in the fact that it has ports for DVI, HDMI, VGA and a headphone jack (all located at the bottom and behind the monitor). *Remember DVI cables carry audio if you want to use the head phone jack. There are no speakers (that I know of on the monitor and no place to mount a speaker bar). The Dell monitor had left off the DVI port while Insignia got this right. Boo on Dell for that! The Dell monitor's base was a little more solid than the Insignia. The Insignia does wiggle around a little if your desk is not solid enough and you bump the desk. The image quality shows the colors are off a little if you are not looking directly right at it. The max resolution on this monitor is about average for an economical purchased. I will be using it for Microsoft office, web surfing and watching some Netflix. I have this hooked up to two computers using a KVM switch. Each of the PCs are Windows 7 and 8.1. There was no software CD to install drivers, I just used the drivers that Microsoft installed during installation. Buttons are directly on the front. Actually scratch the word button it is just a touch to the area the buttons would be at. The power light at the front does go off when you shut it down. The Insignia logo comes up for a second or two on the screen before you can use the monitor. I've had this up and running for a couple of weeks now since this review. So... so far I am satisfied with my buy.
Bigsby first made contact with the "buyers club" through a blog written by Greg Jefferys, an Australian who also suffered from Hepatitis C. The posts recounted Jefferys' 2015 trip to Chennai, an Indian city on the Bay of Bengal, to buy sofosbuvir.
"[India allows] foreigners to come in and buy the medicine because it's very humanitarian," said Bigsby. "Americans just want the money."
So if you're already a fan of Iron Sky then buy the directors cut, however, if you've never seen this movie before then i suggest buying or renting the theatrical cut and see what you think first. It's unfortunate that they didn't just include the theatrical cut in this release.
“That was on the market for quite a while and someone bought it, but they’ve been sitting on it,” Duyshart said. “They’re not superactive about looking for another tenant because they will have to share the parking area with the adjacent Macy’s store, so that provides some obstacles. It’s been a little bit of a struggle because we would really like to have that occupied. But several parties have been eager to take on the space.”
Schweinsteiger, 32, was bought from Bayern Munich by then-manager Louis van Gaal in 2015 and finished his United career under the Dutchman's successor Jose Mourinho.
In fact, many Republican in Congress seem to openly admire Biden despite disagreeing with his politics. That could prove bedeviling to the Trump campaign, which has already bought millions of dollars in advertising that focuses on Clinton. With just two months left in the race, it won’t be easy to reboot this effort let alone develop and target opposition research against a man that more than a few Republicans in Congress consider a “friend.”
Chris finished putting on his outfit and walked barefoot up the ladder and onto the deck of his boat. Dusk was fast disappearing in San Diego Bay, the red lights of the Coronado Bridge blinked on, the weaponized beachhead of the naval station loomed cloud-colored to the west. Chris was 30 years old then, living on a 48-foot wooden William Garden ketch that he’d bought in a state of disrepair for $12,000 and fixed himself. He opened a Sam Adams, the beer of patriots, and had a seat. He was wearing a wig, and the way it felt in the wind called up a pleasant feeling of longing. Chris loved the deck of his boat at night. He could feel the inhuman mass of the ocean shifting beneath him and hear the clanking of the rigging and the water against the timber hull, which just sounded better than it does on fiberglass. But otherwise he was erased from the world. “Being invisible,” he thought, “is a relief.”
But even coming back from a training deployment in Thailand, it would usually take Chris a few days to find the release valve on his psyche. And by tonight he’d gotten the boat all opened up and aired out—made a run to get beer and another to a vintage store where he bought his dresses and shoes. And now, sitting there on the deck, he finally felt relaxed.
Imagine if 70 percent of Americans commuted to work using electric cars, but then new internal combustion engine technology came along that made driving much cheaper and could liberate another 15 percent of the population from reliance on buses. Well, it’d face some daunting obstacles. Sure, you could buy a bunch of gasoline to store in your garage to refill the vehicle at night but not everyone who owns a car has a garage. What’s more, even though on the typical day you’re just driving to and from work a big part of the appeal of homeownership is freedom. With an electric car, you and your family could just drive off to Toledo or Charleston or wherever on a moment’s notice and stop at a charging station whenever you need to power up. With a gasoline-powered care you have a range anxiety problem. Of course if lots of people already owned gasoline-fueld cars, we might have a nationwide network of gasoline depots at which it was possible to refill with all the convenience of a plug-in station. But you can’t get the chicken without the egg and you can’t get the egg without the chicken.
He will use part of that money to buy a house for his father, Chukwudi, a marketing rep and basketball coach. He will buy another for his “auntie mom,” Chinyere Okafor-Conley, his dad’s older sister who helped raise Jahlil after his mother died when he was nine. He will also purchase a truck for his father. A red one. “I don’t even know what kind,” says Jahlil. “I just know that ever since I was a kid, my dad has wanted a red truck.”
Jahlil, tall for his age, had wanted to be an NBA player for as long as he could remember, and after moving in with his dad, he began to concentrate on basketball even more. His AAU team—he continued to play on a squad in Arkansas with his friends while spending summers with his grandmother—won three age-group national championships in four years. Chucky helped him further refine his game. He bought him a pair of weighted training shoes and put him through footwork and agility drills. He had him running in the pool to improve his strength. And then there were the countless games of one-on-one.
This News Release does not constitute an offer to buy or an invitation to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invitation to sell, any of the securities of Aurora or CanniMed. Such an offer may only be made pursuant to an offer and take-over bid circular filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada.
And we can only guess about Saudi Arabia, which Candidate Trump recently declared needs his protection. In the course of the election campaign, Entrepreneur Trump reportedly established eight companies to develop luxury real estate projects in Saudi Arabia, and in August he told a rally in Alabama: "Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much."
After you completed your 5 placement games and collected your reward, you should have somewhere around 4,000 gold in the bank. You need 5,000 to buy your way into Draft, which is by far the most efficient way to grow your collection and also your next objective. I advise you to grind the last few gold coins you need in Gauntlet, as it’s an easier, less stressful environment to do so than the ranked ladder. It’s an opportunity to continue practicing with your deck too.
The Times Co. has been moving to pay down debt with asset sales and to raise more revenue from readers through digital products and a pay meter on its website. Last week it said it plans to sell About.com, the reference site it bought in 2005 for $410 million, to Answers.com for $270 million. Paid digital subscriptions to NYTimes.com and sibling BostonGlobe.com, meanwhile, increased 13% in the second quarter to total 532,000 on March 18.
Even if all the policies cited were evidence of authoritarianism, they are hardly more authoritarian than the 82,000-page Federal Register, which imposes a burden on the American people of $1.8 trillion a year, according to Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute. Or President Obama’s mandate that everyone must buy health insurance. Or that Roman Catholic nuns must have health insurance that covers contraceptives and abortifacients. Or that disoriented boys who see themselves as girls must be allowed to shower with girls. And what about former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s war on sodas and other sugary drinks larger than 16 ounces?
Gold was destroyed as a safe haven, proved to be unsafe. Because of the disappointment, most people are reducing their holdings of gold. But the central banks will continue to buy them, so I don't expect gold to go down. If you have the prospect of a crisis, you will have occasional flurries or jumps. So gold is very volatile on a day-to-day basis, no trend on a longer-term basis.
Tenbarge's friend left the apartment briefly after Bird asked her to buy him some gum and when she returned, he was gone and no one answered the door.
"I remember I had to strap it all up for the next game. I just had to go around it. The coach wanted me to go out and buy a cup but I'm not going to play with a cup, I'm not going to be able to run," he said. "I just had to heavily strap it. It's all good [now]. I got the stitches out and it's all sweet. No dramas."
Once properly vetted, your imagination usually buys you first or secondhand fictional information most coaches and GM's go apeshit over as the draft gets closer: player run-ins with Filipino tranny hookers, severe flatulence that could require a locker room fumigation, and most importantly: ridiculous, mysterious medical maladies that cause top players to sink like the Titanic come draft day.
Yet somehow we’ve bought into these notifications as having importance. Some tie into our work lives — important email I must respond too! Some tie into our sense of ego gratification: something valuable is happening now to you. “Did Rick Astley just retweet me? Holy crap! I’m important!” Others want to tie to the (rather stupid) idea that opportunity only knocks once. Some plane fare is cheap if I act in the next 20 minutes!? Others simply come along for the ride because, as we’ll discuss they’re desperately trying to get you to care about the app. Still many others simply think “notifications: why not?” (looking at you Discuss!).
I’m close with my sister, Maya, who is two years older and in college now. When we realized we both liked girls, we decided to come out to our parents together. On the day that same-sex marriage became legal nationwide, Maya and I bought rainbow balloons and streamers. We went to the Pride parade with our parents and afterward, we gave them a rainbow card that said, “We’re gay.”
LaPierre also vehemently criticized the flaws in the nation’s treatment of the mentally ill, especially of those mentally ill people who try to buy guns. “They need to be committed is what they need to be, and if they’re committed, they’re not at the Navy Yard,” he said.
Economists disagreed. Although some said the policy could benefit some American workers by creating jobs and in turn expanding the U.S. economy, most said it would also impose a greater cost on companies, who would in turn pass those costs on to consumers. Either consumers would buy goods made in the United States, which would be more expensive because of the higher cost of American wages, or they would buy foreign goods that would be pricier because they had been subject to an additional tax.
· $300 will buy a Windows Tablet for showing power point presentations and videos
· $1000 will buy a line of merchandise that will raise $3000
The big cash-making had turned out to be a PR-disaster for the WG, so the Type 59 was removed from store, for a while. But the lack of availability created – maybe by purpose, since the continuous nerfs for the credit income of normal tanks – higher demand, and the chinese T-54 knock-off has reappeared in gift shop in the first week of May, where it could be bought only via real money, not with gold accumulated for lucky CW-fellas.
The rich who bought poverty: Wealthy parents and officials face action after Mail Today exposes fake certificates being used for school admissions
Mail Today had recently exposed how the EWS certificates could be bought for just Rs 5,000.
in_question on Reddit commented “your bag is 2x too big.” After fitting everything into it, I agreed. John Gore, friend and efficiency packing aficionado, pointed out that there is a chance I might have to check my pack in some situations which is suboptimal. I bought this pack off of Craigslist for $80, but its 65 liter capacity is clearly designed for hiking through the wilderness with a sleeping bag, tent and food for three days.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
*About our discount - our discount is also available for men. Just go ahead and buy with the discount applied or use the chat window in the corner to ask us more about Jane.
The increasingly popular trend in drug use is methamphetamine, also known as speed, crank, ice, glass, crystal meth, sketch, go, junk, wake up, zoom, crystal, cridium, stuff, tweak, dope, and lines. It can be snorted, smoked, injected and eaten, making it a versatile drug to administer. Crystal Meth is typically sold in 1/4 gram ($20-25), one gram ($50-75), and 1/8 ounce ($140-180). It is cheaper and more accessible than cocaine and appears not to have the same stigma associated with it. Police say $100 can buy a cocaine user a twenty-minute high; the same amount can keep a meth user buzzed for a day or two.
The other thing is that Anna has been OOC. I do know and apologise somewhat. She's been a bit all over the place. Anna is... well, she just broke up with someone she thought she genuinely loved. And then she bought a dog and loved it but the dog transformed into a human and she couldn't really deal with that. She thought to some extent that life was mocking her. Added to the fact that she's a stressed uni student... My point is that yes, compared to canon-Anna, she has been OOC. However, her development is going to move towards that end. I do apologise that it felt like she was doing it just for drama. But hey, Anna is dramatic. Don't worry, there's going to be very little drama of that sort in the future :) She is a jerk. But she won't be for long. We're already getting back into the swing of humour here :)
Getting the underwear was simple. All Anna had to do was find her own size and buy one of the pre-packed five-pairs-for-ten-bucks (she wore the same ones. She made sure to get different colours, though).
Anna had also learned some valuable information that she was probably going to forget later (like how Elsa actually had a pretty damn good figure and that wasn't fair because she didn't even realise how hot she looked. Also, blue. Perfect for her) (Anna wasn't going to forget that. She'd probably only forget Elsa's bra size, if she were honest. She couldn't even remember her own half the time). Anna had also had to buy a (now-broken) set of lace underwear after Elsa became bored waiting for her to try on her own set of bras and began chewing on them.
Anna made a mental note to buy some wet wipes. For now, though, her friends were looking at her, waiting for her reaction to Elsa's declaration. Anna had no idea what to say, but Elsa seemed content to fill the silence.
From finding co-owners in the co-operative brewery, to a crowdfunding campaign to buy a fermenter, to shifting the planned opening day, Canally said people who were excited when the brewery was first announced two years ago have continued to support their journey.
(Reuters) - Cisco Systems made its first major acquisition in over two years with a deal to buy NDS, which develops pay TV software, for $5 billion, aiming to boost its presence in the video communications market.
In its biggest acquisition since it bought Norway’s videoconferencing company Tandberg for $3.3 billion in 2009, Cisco said NDS was a strategic fit for its video system Videoscape, as NDS’ software allows cable and satellite TV companies to deliver encrypted content through televisions and other devices.
Chambers said there were more opportunities for acquisitions, but said any future buys would likely be smaller.
News Corp acquired NDS in 1992 for $15 million. NDS went public in 1999 but was bought back a decade later by Permira and News Corp and turned into a private company.
Once upon a time, transactions between people were more or less done in person. The druggist you bought methamphetamine from at the pharmacy (yes, meth) had a name and a face. The chap you bought a car from had a name and a face, too. So did the florist, grocer, doctor, mechanic, and everyone else you might transact with.
If third parties can't be trusted – and as long as you're talking about humans, they can't – how can you confidently buy and sell online?
But there again, everything to do with PSG over the last couple of years has just been additional degrees of astounding. This week’s spending brings PSG’s total transfer outlay to around half a billion dollars since the summer of 2011. The onslaught of spending kicked off when the Qatar Investment Authority bought the club two summers ago for $135M.
The simple explanation is that the RPT exclusion is there to prohibit the seemingly conventional wisdom loophole of an owner getting another of his companies to buy seats at $5,000 a game or some other ridiculous amount.
"They're trying to come to some reasonable decision about how to protect the public health but not be so cautious as to be ridiculous and throw out tons and tons of product that may be fine," said Don Schaffner, a professor of microbiology professor and food-safety expert at Rutgers University, who has been advising several foodmakers that bought HVP from Basic Food Flavors.
Kirsten and Dick McDonough bought the quarry and the house next door in 1997 and say the increase in usage is stunning.
Dick McDonough says when they bought the property it was overgrown and dangerous. “The first time I met the police there, the quarry was not visible from route 30 even though it as only about 15 or 20 feet back,” says McDonough. “So the police officer said to me, ‘We don’t go in there unless there are two of us.’ Shaking his head, McDonough recalls, “I thought to myself, 'Oh my God, what have I gotten myself into?'"
Feminism’s perpetual PR problem is, paradoxically, rooted in its success. The fundamental notion that women should have equal rights and opportunities was absorbed into the mainstream culture so quickly that we assume it was always thus. It’s easy to forget that as late as the 1970s some women were still being told they couldn’t get a credit card or buy a car without their husband’s permission. When I was a kid in the ’70s, the idea that a woman could have an identity that wasn’t defined by the man in her life was still new—and still up for debate. So if the fish/ bicycle quotation was an awkward overstatement, well, okay. But it was appropriate for the time, and a handy ballast for women in a society that still told them they were nothing without a man.
Science is being used against us, in marketing, in video game design, in everything we do. It is not to say that the science is evil, or that somehow knowing how to make you buy something that you do not need is forbidden knowledge. But we have to be willing to cope with the fact that we are starting to understand how to manipulate people on a level that they can’t control. I leave it to others to decide the ethical implications that come with that.
The picture Martin paints of himself as a kid growing up is Dickensian in its pathos. He was born in 1948. His family was very poor. His father was a longshoreman. Little George used to scrimp together money to buy comics and movie tickets by writing and performing "little monster stories". He sold them to the other kids in the projects for a nickel. (These were composed longhand, on school notebook paper.)
"I have the best fans in the world for the most part," Martin sighs. "There is a minority who are annoying, it has to be said. But for every one of those, there are 500 who are just great and who are very supportive. They buy the books and come out in their thousands when I do a signing."
A separate problem that also has become intertwined with violence and religious extremism in Mali is a thriving drug trade. Each month, millions of dollars in cocaine, hashish and other drugs arrive in Mali from global producers in places such as Colombia and Southeast Asia, and are smuggled north into Algeria and beyond. The trade involves armed rebel groups as well as jihadist militias, which use the profits to pay fighters and buy weapons.
The Football Leaks website have published what they claim is a document that shows Tottenham have the first option to buy Bale back from Real if another Premier League club tries to sign him.
“He got her into his car by telling her he wanted to buy some magazines,” Bailey said Grate admitted. But then he took her to his home, stabbed her to death and hid the body in his basement for two days before taking the body out to Victory Road, where he dumped it.
As that investigation progressed, Forsythe eventually confessed to stealing the earrings from Maureen Kunitz. They were appraised at $11,900 when Kunitz bought them for his wife’s birthday sometime before she noticed them missing in September 2013.
Absolutely. Time travel in the imagination is cheap and easy — you don’t even need to buy a ticket. People go back and imagine they are part of the Big Bang, and then they ask the question of what came before.
It takes a specific type of player to connect with Pochettino, to buy into his rhythms and motivational techniques, and he inherited plenty who could not. The early months of his White Hart Lane tenure were a trial and the situation was not helped by his previous club, Southampton, having made a flying start to the season under their new manager, Ronald Koeman.
Then, in the 1950s, Japan’s rapid post-World War II industrialization led to rampant air pollution and booming growth of the pollen-rich Japanese cedar, which flourished due to rising ambient levels of carbon dioxide. Mask-wearing went from seasonal affectation to year-round habit. Today, Japanese consumers buy $230 million in surgical masks a year, and neighboring countries facing chronic pollution issues—most notably China and Korea—have also adopted the practice.
Japanese consumers buy $230 million in surgical masks a year.
Pilsner? Really? Makes Miller’s claim “taste a real Pilsner” seem plausible. Reminded me of what you might pour out of the bottom of an open Fritos bag if it were left out in the rain, i.e. corn juice. And not the high fructose variety either! At least THAT can be really tasty. G-LO says: Bland bland bland. Where is that hint of bitterness and maltiness that I crave from a Pilsner? This one made me long for a Bud/Miller/Coors. At 67 cents a can, I say throw in 8 more cents and buy yourself a can of soda.
Any visitor to Hong Kong will tell you that umbrellas are already a fixture of life in the city, essential not only for keeping yourself dry during the rainy spring and summer but also providing much-needed shade from the sun. The "world's most expensive umbrella," made of American ox-hide and using antique German frame, was made there in Hong Kong in 1994, and single-use umbrellas can be bought from vending machines in subway stations, adding only further to the item's ubiquity.
To make your car faster you need Speed Cards, and each vehicle your crew owns has six slots for Speed Cards (the slots ostensibly represent things like the gearbox, or the turbo, and such). You can earn a single, random Speed Card by completing a race, but at best it will only be an incremental improvement on your current Speed Card line-up. You can also buy Speed Cards for in-game cash from auto parts stores, but the cards they carry are random and rotate every 30 minutes.
If you get a Speed Card you don’t want, you can turn it into a single “Part Token”. You need three Part Tokens to have one tug at the Speed Card slot machine (stay with me), which generally yields better cards than the ones you can buy à la carte from parts stores. You can also earn Part Tokens from “Base Shipments”, which are loot boxes that also contain cash and additional customisation items (like coloured tyre smoke or neons).
You earn Base Shipments by racking up in-game reputation points, but there are also “Premium Shipments”, which can be bought with “Speed Points” (a second in-game currency that costs real money and seems geared only to obscure how much actual money people may be dropping on Shipments).
Clark Quinn: You shouldn’t be designing that. I mean, that’s industry standard stuff. You should just buy whatever the best off the shelf is. You shouldn’t invest your precious resources in design and development, except for things that are proprietary to your organization. Now, if there’s some maybe process used, yes, the way you handle it, but other than that, that’s just not a good use of your resources. Save it for more essential things.
I will also tell you that I think in the minds of stakeholders and management, training gets painted with the same brush. They don’t differentiate between regulatory and compliance training and performance training, and I think that’s some of the marketing issues we have, getting the folks who are making the decisions to buy training to understand that there is a difference. I don’t know if you agree or disagree.
Sr. MemberActivity: 274Merit: 250 Re: [ANNOUNCE] BTCtoX - Rate Converter between BTC and other currencies June 24, 2012, 07:49:12 PM #14 This is an idea, since I'm not in trading -- but if there was an API to retrieve a dump of prices in many exchanges, one could build a graph structure and try to compute a cycle of trade to make money. For example, I know that I can buy bitcoin at the cavirtex for CAD for less than mtgox, then sell it for USD on mtgox, move the money accross the border back to canada with RBC USA free cross-border transfer, and be in net profit. Of course there are commission fees in the exchanges, but it is a matter to have all the data quickly retrieved in one location, and running some search and optimization code on it. Since you are querying all those exchanges anyways, maybe you can bunch up all the data into one json, and allow people to make such an application of off your api? Just10.com -- Ad-Free Private Social Network for just 10 of your friends.
Germany's Theo Albrecht (owner and CEO of Aldi Nord) bought the company in 1979 as a personal investment for his family.[8] Coulombe was succeeded as CEO by John Shields in 1987. Under his leadership the company expanded beyond California, moving into Arizona in 1993 and into the Pacific Northwest two years later.[2] In 1996, the company opened its first stores on the East Coast in Brookline and Cambridge, both just outside Boston.[2] Shields retired from his position in 2001. Dan Bane succeeded him as CEO after working as President of the Western Division. When Bane became CEO in 2001, there were 156 stores in 15 states.[14]
Trader Joe's sells many items under its own private labels, at a significant discount to brand-name equivalents, and requires its brand-name suppliers not to publicize this business relationship.[2] Trader Joe's labels are sometimes named in accordance with the ethnicity of the food in question, such as "Trader Jose's" (Mexican food), "Baker Josef's" (flour and bagels), "Trader Giotto's" (Italian food), "Trader Joe-San's" (Japanese food), "Trader Ming's" (Asian food), "JosephsBrau" (beer), and "Trader Jacques'" (French food and soaps). By selling almost all of its products under its own labels, Trader Joe's "skips the middle man" and buys directly from both local and international small-time vendors.[28]
The chain ranked low on Greenpeace’s sustainable seafood report card. The packaging is excessive, with even the produce sealed in plastic. The business model forces consumers to buy in quantities large enough to encourage waste. And most of Trader Joe’s products are made on equipment shared with everything you might be allergic to (dairy, nuts) or philosophically opposed to eating (dairy, meat). Cameron Scott, San Francisco Chronicle, 2013[32]
You can also do this if you if you bought the Game in the past!
Officials say anyone who is approached to buy fish and believes the sale is illegal should contact their nearest Ministry of Environment office, the province’s turn in poachers (TIP) hotline at 1-800-667-7561 or online.
Charles Francatelli's Plain Cookery Book for the Working Classes (1852), meanwhile, is frank about the main attraction of the toad – its price. "To make this a cheap dinner, you should buy 6d. or 1s. worth of bits or pieces of any kind of meat, which are to be had cheapest at night when the day's sale is over. The pieces of meat should be first carefully overlooked, to ascertain if there be any necessity to pare away some tainted part, or perhaps a fly-blow, as this, if left on any one piece of meat, would tend to impart a bad taste to the whole, and spoil the dish" he writes, temptingly.
To end the post and provide an update we have some special 50/50 edition Poppets available for the drop day. They are limited to 1 of each and will be £67. You can view them yourself, right now on the store page. Finally, it’s sad but necessary to announce that we have no more of the G Squared Unicorn Acid Fade Poppets because they were so popular among the team and reviewers with the final 2 being sold at the UK National YoYo Contest on the 2nd. They will not be available to buy but we have plenty of everything else. The drop is 6pm GMT on Sunday 17th, don’t miss out!
It truly was a magical festival. During the three days of constant music and love with around half a million people at the venue, there were no reported incidents of violence. Pot, hashish, hallucinogenic drugs and drug paraphernalia were available to buy which lead to around 400 reported bad LSD trips. There were a few arrests, the traffic jams were particularly hellish, there was a shortage of food and STILL no crowd violence.
Wanna buy a moon-rock?
NASA representatives agreed to buy this moon-rock for an incredible price of $1.7 million. The meeting was agreed at Denny’s restaurant at Lake Elsinore in Riverside County. While this restaurant probably saw a lot, it had never witnessed what happened next. As soon as granny Davis showed the moon sample, half a dozen sheriff’s deputies and NASA investigators wearing bulletproof vests rushed in. When they took a hold of her, she was so scared she lost control of her bladder and in that condition was questioned and detained for two hours outside at nearby parking lot.
It was during this time off that I did the exercises prescribed by the therapist and I realised that my problem was psychosomatic. The distress from the incident in January had caught up with me, almost a month later. I had tried to pass off Daudi’s remarks as drunkenness or joking but my body wasn’t buying it. It was at this point that I decided to quietly resign; I still wasn’t convinced that it was something I could or should raise with my employers.
Drivers who are repeatedly caught drunk behind the wheel could lose their license for up to a decade under legislation signed by the governor Monday.
Each Friday leading up to the NCAA tournament, USA TODAY Sports' Nicole Auerbach catches up with a premier college basketball coach:
Sitting in his office Thursday morning, Izzo caught up with USA TODAY Sports about his team flying under the radar for much of the season, the brutal Big Ten schedule and what every great college basketball team needs – a fantastic leader.
“So now the police have belligerently taken it upon themselves to write tickets and/or arrest ANYONE balancing rocks in Boulder, CO. and specifically threatened to ticket me and/or arrest me if they catch me in the future,” the artist lamented. “[I] encourage as many people as possible (especially locals) to contact the city council here in Boulder and voice your support for this long standing tradition in Boulder. [I]t is something that an overwhelming portion of the community supports.”
Her penetrating you (fingers, dildo, back door or front door if ya catch my drift).
The Swarm feel indistinguishable from the Locust at first, their rank and file emerging from sinkholes that can be sealed with a frag grenade, but just wait till you meet the Juvies - Swarm infants caught mid-gestation, fatty tissues dripping from their muscles as they hop and flail towards you. The original game's Wretches are the obvious comparison, but Juvies are much nimbler around objects and harder to hit - I was reminded a little of the Doom reboot's fidgety reinvention of the Imp, which is an encouraging parallel indeed. They also represent something of a terrain variable: you'll encounter Juvie egg sacks that can be used as cover, or shot down from the ceiling to squish anything beneath, but woe betide the player who rouses the occupant in the process.
Weirder and deadlier still are the Swarm elites, especially the prancing Snatchers - they'll actually ingest you if they get the chance, carrying the hapless victim around in their bellies till blasted into submission. Carriers are the Swarm's artillery, their enormous torsos cracking open to release a cloud of toxic spores as they stomp slowly into melee range, and then there are the Pouncers, catlike, dart-tossing fiends with soft pink bellies that hop from surface to surface. As the name implies, Pouncers may try to pin you, but if you're alert to the warning signs you can usually catch the descending beast on the blade of a Lancer.
This creates more of a frantic, push-pull rhythm, as players scurry out to gather energy at the risk of being caught trousers-down when the next round begins. It accompanies a set of loose player classes - Heavy, Soldier, Engineer, Scout and Sniper - which determine your starting layout and are geared towards certain roles, but flexible enough that you can change tactics on the fly.
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
Naturally, this couldn’t last. Chelsea spent three seasons as the flashpoint of English soccer — the club with the most money, the deepest and most talented squad, the most flamboyant coach, and by far the most controversial headlines. At some point, though, the rest of soccer started to catch up. More billionaires bought into the game. Some of them, like Sheikh Mansour at Manchester City, were even richer than Abramovich. Other clubs got better at exploiting global finance, sponsorship, and the weird pathways of 21st-century commerce (cf. Real Madrid’s plan to build a $1 billion resort island in the United Arab Emirates, which reads like something Jerry Jones dreamed up on a particularly sweaty peyote trip). UEFA passed Financial Fair Play, a set of rules that should/might/could possibly curtail runaway sugar-daddying in European soccer.
Fans caught on and started keeping track of each message via internet forums. Which brings us to the next point.
The Islamic State, if you remember, caught the international community's attention when it began a brazen and lightning-fast attack on Iraq over the summer. Since then, the group has overtaken several Iraqi cities and has taken responsibility for the beheading of two American journalists.
Krystal, a young woman, stops off for a bite to eat, on her way to the city, and is reunited with her childhood best friend's older sister, Hope, whom invites her to visit a resort for a few days to catch up. Days pass, and romantic feelings blossom between the women. The resort and its inhabitants seem more and more like home and family. Unfortunately, many of the people are fatally ill, and some of them are not as stable as they initially seem...
Since 2009, the market has continuously overestimated the Fed’s rate-hike intentions, getting caught in continuous cycles of anticipating a rate rise and readjusting as the Fed subsequently stayed put, Slok said, in a note late last week.
I’m conflicted. As a front-end web developer, I should be excited about the advancements in HTML5: the new HTML tags that correct all the hacks and self-replicating div s; the correctly cross-browser rendered styles which have finally caught up to modern web design; and the new Javascript API’s that make the browser into a semi-legitimate – albeit Frankensteinian – app environment.
This causes kernel stack overflows to be caught immediately rather than causing difficult-to-diagnose corruption.
At this edgy little South Brisbane fish and chippery, it's all about sustainable seafood, with an emphasis on locally caught fish. Pull up a stool at the big communal table and help yourself to homemade lemonade, or order a takeaway and head down to nearby South Bank Parklands. Sample Moreton Bay mullet and chips ($10.90) or salt-and-pepper calamari with preserved lemon aioli and chips ($12.90). Our favourites are the mackerel cutlet with zingy pineapple and coriander salsa ($16.90) and the tempura whiting with ginger prawn mousse and fragrant, crunchy Viet-style salad ($14.90).
The visitors, looking marginally better for the change, still managed to get caught on the break for Leicester's third and frequently put themselves under pressure by trying to play out from the back - Stones' misplaced backpass for Vardy's third the costliest example.
GCC/IBT leaders vow not to be caught flatfooted this time around.
In the mid-1990's, when the Internet caught on beyond the halls of engineering and computer science departments, that started to change. Large universities began to invest tens of millions of dollars in wiring dormitory rooms in the hope of providing high-speed Internet access to every student. It was the beginning of the race to provide what administrators call "one port per pillow." On average, campuses have wired about 63 percent of their dormitories, according to the Campus Computing Project, an annual survey of more than 500 institutions across the country. Private research universities have gone the furthest: Of those surveyed, all said they offered high-speed access in every dorm.
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.92 KB Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Every time I look back on what makes me who I am, the roots of my personality always traced themselves to one video game franchise—Pokémon. The Pokémon franchise, developed by Game Freak, is a series of role-playing games for portable Nintendo consoles, such as the Game Boy and Nintendo DS. Now, my love for this franchise contributed to my desire to major in game design in college. The portable nature of the games in the Pokémon franchise encourages players to communicate with each other in real-life. Pokémon fans learn how Pokémon creatures develop from other like-minded Pokémon trainers by trading and battling with each othe. As a result, players didn’t just catch ‘em all, but learned how to exchange their ideas through their Pokémon creatures! In short, Pokémon games encouraged people to communicate and express their ideas with each other. I fell in love with the aspect of expressing oneself through play. I was just two years old when that game made me who I am. At that age, I owned a Game Boy Color which I brought wherever I went while playing Pokémon. I was using my Game Boy Color all the time, to the point where it would sometimes be confiscated by teachers or parents. If ever I wasn’t eating my food or paying attention to what my parents were saying—swipe!—it would be taken away. But the Pokémon games themselves captured my attention only because I was captivated by how Pokémon worked. More importantly, it made me fall in love with video games, and I wanted to know how I could use that technology to express my ideas. I ended up taking Japanese language classes when I was six just so I could communicate with game developers and learn from them, especially those of Nintendo, whose headquarters were based in Kyoto. Nintendo was responsible for publishing Pokémon, The Pokémon Company making it known the world over. I couldn’t help but feel the need but bring my ideas to their table! As a bonus, I learned how to read, write and converse fluently in Japanese. As I learned about how Pokémon’s art was inspired by Japanese manga comics, I ended up studying manga drawing techniques and how artists crafted their characters. I worked hard to analyze the styles of various artists so I could incorporate them into my own. Lo and behold, did my drawings improve! I then became the budding manga artist in my circle of friends, presenting my drawings to others and expressing my creativity and desire to improve. Manga in itself along with Japanese language classes gave me a high degree of exposure to Japanese culture. I learned about the subtle nuances in their crafts, their attention to detail and how orderly their societies worked. And even then, it gave me a thirst to learn about other cultures, and it encouraged me to understand how people express themselves. That thirst for learning made me absorb ideas like a sponge, making school much more enjoyable as I loved seeing what ideas people had to offer. Be it a discussion, presentation or even as simple as a conversation during lunch, I made sure to let others express themselves. That exchange and expression of ideas seemed like battles between Pokémon trainers, and it only made communicating with each other all the more fun. However, you can’t communicate if you can’t express yourself! What ideas would there be to learn from? Being able to exchange and express your ideas like Pokémon battles makes quite an impact on the world around us. After all, self-expression is what solves problems, what bridges faraway societies together and what enables human beings to break ground and evolve, much like Pokémon. It’s no wonder I’m known for being so talkative—I value self-expression. Pokémon, art, video games, language and communication all share one underlying thread, and that common thread is… …self-expression! By Ryen Raftery, for submission to NYU (this portion not included in the word count of 649)
Nokia, the No. 1 global cellphone maker, needs to catch up with the rivals Apple (AAPL.O), Google (GOOG.O) and Blackberry-maker RIM RIM.TO in offering online solutions, Vanjoki was quoted as saying by weekly Wirtschaftswoche in an excerpt of an interview to be published on Monday.
But you can see the entire incident caught on camera -- from theto the
The US is playing catch up to Australia when it comes to regulating trans fatty acid, but that doesn't mean our food is trans-fat free, some of the country's peak nutritional experts say.
One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie's friend, Clarissa. Her boyfriend, who mistakenly thinks his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly bludgeons Jack to death as Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey's house looking for evidence that he killed Susie. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie's hair, and news articles about Susie's disappearance. Harvey returns home and almost catches Lindsey in his house, but she escapes and rushes home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil her parents' reunion, she gives the book to her grandmother, who contacts the police. Harvey has already fled, having seen Lindsey running from his home – he takes the safe containing Susie's remains with him.
You may recall that of all of the games I saw at E3, Eador: Masters of the Broken World was the one that caught my eye despite the lack of a huge booth and go-go dancers. Of course I have no idea how the game will come together in the end but if Snowbird Games hits its target — this is going to be something special.
Stamina represents the unit’s ability to carry out our orders – i.e. move or attack. Each action costs a specific amount of stamina points, and when the unit is attacked by the enemy, his stamina suffers as well. The unit with zero stamina is considered utterly exhausted and becomes completely useless. Therefore, the player should review the state of his troops and give his tired units a break to catch their breath.
I used to be a “hacker” but it was more than that, and it was because of a few stupid mistakes I made that I got caught and won’t ever be doing anything stupid, like that again. That’s not because I don’t still think in my head (which is currently the only place of privacy we have) of what I could be doing, or that the women in front of me at the line of the grocery store just entered her pincode as 3782 or that my friend who works for the government just left her emails logged on in her computer. It’s because of the fear that I don’t want to “face the music” as some may say, and anyone who isn’t scared of that then I’ll look up to as a hero, hence my reference to Edward Snowden earlier.
Researchers are struggling to catch up — monitoring changes, trying to determine just how bad it will get and finding out which species will be the first to go.
"Oh hell yeah. Since I was DD by the time I was 15, I had back pain until the rest of my body caught up. The back issues stopped around the time I was 18." Yang then stretched.
The sky begins to darken and something in the distance catches your eye…
Tigers catcher James McCann, who caught Verlander Thursday, is the latest.
Last year he caught Verlander in Kansas City towards the end of the season.
he has time. Jordan’s 15-season career was shortened by his brief baseball stint, so if he stays healthy, LeBron very well could have a longer NBA career than Jordan did. LeBron has his work cut out for him to get on Michael’s level here. But in the nine-plus seasons that LeBron has been in the NBA, he not only has room before he catches up to Jordan, but. Jordan’s 15-season career was shortened by his brief baseball stint, so if he stays healthy, LeBron very well could have a longer NBA career than Jordan did.
UN Command standing orders forbade pilots from crossing the Chinese border. On December 17, Lieutenant Colonel Bruce H. Hinton led a finger-four formation of Sabres from the 336th Fighter Squadron on a patrol, a 485-mile (780 km) round trip, along the Yalu River, in an attempt to draw the MiG pilots into combat. The Sabre pilots stayed below 475 mph (765 km/h), to create the impression on radar screens that the Sabres were a slower aircraft. The slower speed and two 120-US-gallon (450 l; 100 imp gal) drop tanks on each F-86 also provided maximum air time. Forty minutes after take-off the Sabres were approaching the Yalu at 32,000 feet (9,800 m). Four MiGs were spotted 7,000 feet (2,100 m) below the Sabres and about to pass beneath them. The Americans jettisoned their drop tanks and as the MiGs passed below, the Sabres turned to the left and dived down at the Soviet fighters. When the MiG pilots realized that their adversaries were not older jets that they could be easily extend away from, they broke formation and headed for the border. Hinton caught up to the leader's wingman, Major Yakov Efromeenko, and fired 1,500 rounds of .50 caliber bullets. Smoke belched from its jet pipe and flames enveloped the tail section. After Efromeenko ejected, the MiG crashed about 10 miles (16 km) south of the Yalu.[3]
PF: From watching your post game interviews, and mid-week interviews last season. Seeing how you grew from week to week and learning from every experience you had. Did you catch the NFC Championship Game, and what were you able to learn by watching that come back performance?
DC: I caught some of it on TV. I heard he had a few good plays, I was actually taking care of my son. (chuckles) My wife was cooking dinner. I couldn’t be more happy for him, he’s the best fullback in the league.
There, he was caught celebrating the attack in May that killed 22 people, many of them children, at a concert in the British city of Manchester.
You’ll be having a good day. You’ll be having a bad day. You’ll be happy at work. You’ll quit your job. You’ll fall in love. You’ll catch your new love cheating on you and murder them both in an act of incredible passion. And it doesn’t matter, because none of it will be discussed with The Non-Question-Asking Friend, who never, ever, ever asks you anything about your life. This friend can be explained in one of three ways:
There’s something I call the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap. When you haven’t seen a good friend in a long time, the first order of business is a big catch-up—you want to know what’s going on in their career, with their girlfriend, with their family, etc., and they want to catch up on your life. In theory, once this happens, you can go back to just hanging out, shooting the shit, and actually being in the friendship. The problem is, when you don’t make enough time for good friends, seeing them only for a meal and not that often—you end up spending each get-together catching up, and you never actually get to just enjoy the friendship or get far past the surface. That’s the Perpetual Catch-Up Trap, and I find myself falling into it with way too many of the rocks in my life.
At 10am EST USA on 6th January 2016 (2am 7th January Australia), The Selfie Board Game will go live on Kickstarter (https://goo.gl/bMnwkG) Launched by Aussie toy and game designer/manufacturer Ken Howard, this is your chance to catch the vision of this exciting new game and genre. People will be able to pledge support for the game, in return for STARRING IN THE GAME plus ordering first copies. The object of The Selfie Board Game, is simply, to describe someone's appearance JUST from the sound of their voice BEFORE their selfie is revealed. This is a game for the whole world, for every language, every culture and every race, so that The Selfie Board Game builds these bridges internationally. The game headquarters will be based in Philadelphia, USA.
The cave opening had a lip. Furusawa and Anderson jumped over it, then vanished into the blackness, their cries of surprise loud over the radio. Alonso, apparently happy to ignore the First Sergeant’s orders, shouted something about keeping them all covered, but Grec didn’t catch it all, the rhythmic buzzing on the channel so loud it cut out half of his words. She was close to the cave, the lip within reach. Psi-Marine Bowen jumped ahead of her, then she followed. Behind, Alonso had stopped again and rattled off another burst of heavy rifle fire.
They ran out onto the snow plain. Out of the herculanium interior of the cave-like eggshell, warmed all through the night by heatsticks, the change in temperature was like a slap in the face. Grec heard Palladio swear behind her even as her own breath caught in her throat, the freezing air threatening to choke her.
Cohen-Watnick was a junior case officer at the Defense Intelligence Agency, where he caught the eye of Michael Flynn, the ex-DIA director and first national security adviser to Trump. When Flynn came to the White House, Cohen-Watnick was among the Flynn deputies whom career national security staff came to view as a clique – derisively known in intelligence circles as the “Flynnstones”. For their part, the so-called Flynnstones viewed the career staff as Obama loyalists, and excluded many of them from national security decision-making.
During a panel at the event, which featured IBM’s Vice President of Blockchain Business Development, Special Agent Battaglia described the FBI as a “reactionary organization” and said that the FBI’s Cyber Division is taking a wait-and-see approach with Monero. “We’re going to look at what catches on, and what becomes mainstream, and then we’re going to keep an eye on that, because usually not long after that is when you start to see some of the fraud and some of the more nefarious uses of that technology,” Battaglia said during the panel. Battaglia would not provide additional information about the FBI’s investigative techniques surrounding Monero, when asked after the event.
Avoid hanging out with shopaholics. When you see everyone else around you buying the latest fashions or electronics or accessories, it can be easy to fall prey to subtle peer pressure. Plus, shopaholics are usually the first ones to urge you to “buy that dress girl, it’s so cuuuuute!” with an urgency so fierce that it’s hard not to get caught up in their excitement. So if a shopaholic friend asks you to go to the mall with her, opt to meet her afterwards for lunch or coffee instead. That way, you don’t get tempted to mirror her out-of-control spending habits.
Going back to the code, the GetFileNames processor was the first to catch my eye. The code gets the PageSettings item and then it’s passed to the StylesheetCollection for processing. The ProcessItem method in the StylesheetCollection loops the children of the PageSettings item and performs two checks:
Then, when I was getting tired, I noticed that I could think of two things at once. I discovered this when I was talking internally to myself about something, and while I was doing this, I was idly imagining two ropes connected to the end of my bed, going through some pulleys, and winding around a turning cylinder, slowly lifting the bed. I wasn't aware that I was imagining these ropes until I began to worry that one rope would catch on the other rope, and they wouldn't wind up smoothly. But I said, internally, "Oh, the tension will take care of that," and this interrupted the first thought I was having, and made me aware that I was thinking of two things at once.
You're never going to know everything, and you're never going to be the unquestioned best at everything if you don't ceaselessly attempt to get better. A lot of that work is physical, of course, coming through hour after hour of hard labor in the practice gym and weight room, but important additions can also come from simple conversations, whether during All-Star Weekend shootarounds or 3 a.m. check-ins. Do collaboration and competition have to be mutually exclusive? Or can players adopt an "each one teach one" mentality off the court, and still go all out to take one another to school on it? It sure seems to be working for guys like LeBron and Durant; if this "mentoring" thing catches on, the rising tide could lift quite a number of super-talented young boats in the years to come.
The deck I built isn’t necessarily seeking a particular advantage, but has a lot of cards that play well with each other. I often have turns where I have to sit for a few minutes just to figure out what I want to do, primarily because there are so many ways to use the cards in my hand. This is very unlike my Jedi deck, where the right move is generally obvious. This makes using the deck a lot more fun and playing against it all the more maddening. When you do so much with so little, it can really catch your opponent off guard.
He fled the building with an undisclosed amount of money, but cops caught up to a suspect matching his description about 10 minutes later, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a police department spokeswoman.
They are raking in tens of thousands of pounds from operations while inside jails. With a captive market, they can charge fellow inmates more for drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine than they can sell them for on the outside. In some cases, heroin is 10 times dearer inside prisons than out on the streets. Dealers are deliberately setting out to get caught for ­relatively minor offences they know will result in a three-month jail term. Having already set up bank accounts, they smuggle mobile phones into the prison. Drug-using inmates then call friends and relatives with the account details so they can make cash deposits into the dealer’s bank.
Australia have also been clever at little things. After O'Keefe's 12-wicket haul in Pune it would have been easy to think he would be a strike bowler in India, but Australia went straight back to using him as their stock bowler. It allowed Hazlewood more rest, it allowed Starc (Cummins) to be Starc (Cummins), and when Lyon's callous opened up, for O'Keefe to at least stop India getting away. They also got the ball to reverse while using their bowlers far better than Kohli used his. They played spin better over the first two Tests, they fielded and caught better, and they came up with intelligent plans and stuck to them well.
Hold on a second. Common sense got caught in my throat there for a minute. The crime dog on this case is…this guy? I mean, really, this guy? At least Trey Gowdy was a prosecutor once. This guy is a former reality show star who first got famous as a politician by whining about his congressional salary. This is that deep bench again.
A Meowth on 46th and 6th almost made me miss a historic night on Broadway, the last performance of Hamilton for star/creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, as well as Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. (Aaron Burr), Phillipa Soo (Eliza Hamilton), and ensemble member Ariana DeBose. I was blocks away from the Richard Rogers Theatre, with my head down, looking at my Pokémon Go screen, and out of nowhere, one of my favorite Pokémon shows up. I needed to get to the theater, because I knew the scene outside would be a biblical shit-show, but this was Meowth. So I turned and walked the opposite direction from the theater, in an attempt to catch it.
Advertising network Turn announced today that they will suspend their zombie tracking cookie program. Turn was recently caught using Verizon Wireless' invasive UIDH header to undelete tracking cookies that web visitors had previously deleted. This unacceptable practice means that users who delete cookies to avoid Turn's and others' tracking will continue to be tracked against their will, using information associated with their previous activity through a permanent identity.
Data quality software does the opposite. It automatically catches new data problems at the input stage before they are committed to a database or customer relationship management system (CRM). It can detect and remove the duplicates that already exist. And as businesses work towards a situation where all data is held in one location, they also cut down on the manual import and export operations that are so problematic.
The mountain of broken down televisions and computer screens caught fire at around 11 o'clock in the morning, sending a thick plume of grey smoke over the tiny Utah town of Parowan. Soon, about ten fire trucks from neighboring towns Paragonah and Brian joined local firefighters on the scene, and authorities shut down an entire mile of Interstate 15.
The firefighters extinguished the blaze within a few hours, but the larger danger remains. The March 2 fire was just one symptom of enormous problem that's spreading across the country. As we move to flat screen TVs and computer displays, we're discarding our big, bulky old school televisions and CRT monitors, and they're piling up in warehouses like the one that caught fire in Parowan, with nowhere to go. These discarded screens aren't just a fire hazard. They're filled with lead and other toxic materials.
Tuesday's highly anticipated casino vote, held at a special meeting called by a majority of councillors over Mr. Ford's objections, was overshadowed by recent allegations the mayor was caught on video smoking crack cocaine.
The figures substantiated British reports about a 30-year-long cover-up of serious vaccine safety issues. In 2014 a fully vaccinated person in New York, USA, didn’t only catch the measles after being vaccinated but infected others.
It brought to mind the director of my study abroad program in Beijing, who had introduced me to what she dubbed “the social institution of the polite lie.” The polite lie is a lie that a stranger tells a stranger to avoid the discomfort of being direct. She told a story of trying to catch a ride from a cab driver that was playing a game of cards on the street. “I would take you,” he said, but my car is out of gas. She could see that he was playing cards and did not want to leave his game. She could also see the dashboard of his car, and she pointed out that he did in fact have gas in his car. “That gauge is broken,” the driver retorted without looking up from his game.
One of the most confounding things about the polite lie is that it is deployed when it seems unnecessary. The lies of the tailors did not even register as lies to my friend – after all, why would anyone even bother lying about something like that? Why do I even care how long a toy store has been open? I can cope with the harsh truth if you just don’t feel like keeping the restaurant open for me. There is part of me that refuses to accept that casually lying to a stranger can be anything other than socially harmful. But then I catch a whiff of my own ethno-centrism.
Last Thursday, a reporter with La Presse caught Thierry Bordelais outside of his Chateauguay home and asked him what he made of his neighbours’ concerns about his family taking up residence in the Montreal suburb.
One catch is that running ponyc requires it to find the Pony runtime library libponyrt.a for linking purposes. This might not be found if installed somewhere that it doesn't expect. This can be resolved by setting the environment variable LIBRARY_PATH to the directory where libponyrt.a resides. I had to do this for the Nix Pony package.
Not even a bullet! This is a pure propaganda as they did against Syria about the Iraqi resistance. Eritrea’s vision catches up with the project of Indian Ocean revolution that we spoke about before. The western powers do not want of that and wish to bring Eritrea back to the circle of the neocolonial states under control, such as Kenya, Ethiopia or Uganda.
One team that was on foot caught the boy’s scent with help from a tracking dog. With help from the K-9, they followed the boy’s scent and found his footsteps for a time but lost both his steps and his scent once they came upon a road. For the next five-six hours the SAR teams continued looking for the boy as the night turned to early morning.
Domenik Hixon, coming back from two knee surgeries, is the most consistent of the bunch, but he was held out of the preseason opener with a slight hamstring issue. Jerrel Jernigan, a second-round pick last year, was impressive early in camp, but didn’t catch a pass last week in Jacksonville. Rookie Rueben Randle already has gained the trust of Manning and the coaching staff as a sure-handed, natural pass-catcher, but he’s still learning the nuances of route-running. Ramses Barden, as usual, had his moments in camp, and managed one catch last week for 14 yards. But he hasn’t been able to maintain any positive momentum.
We caught up with Luka "perkZ" Perković, Gamer2's midlaner, to learn something about him now that he qualified for LCS. Although he's still in high school, perkZ showed us you always have a chance to do what you love and is an inspiration to lots of us.
It's a good thing that WADA doesn't have anyone to catch yet, because it doesn't really seem to have any detection methods, either. When quizzed by New Scientist (Engadget has reached, out too) about how it plans to catch gene-editing cheaters, the agency had no response. It's been working on techniques to detect such doping for over ten years, but only came up with a single test least year. For now, the best method might be the "biological passport" that can detect significant changes in an athlete's body.
Luis Antonio Caballero is an Argentine dog groomer who loves his job. A lot. His wife and business partner Gabriela Caballero caught him enjoying his job quite a bit on August 22, dancing to a song on the radio; even gently dancing with the dog he was bathing!
This is going to be a series of posts that talk about what I learned from the Django Dash. I think it’s a really fun competetion that is also a great learning experience. I hope that this series catch on, and other people write about some of the things that they learned in the Django Dash.
What few of us know, however, is that a bacterium closely related to Mycobacterium tuberculosis called Mycobacterium marinum can be present in wild caught as well as captive bred fish and stay lurking in our aquariums without us ever realizing it. After all, when one of our fishes goes belly up, few of us drag out the Petri dish and starts growing bacterial cultures to find out exactly what caused its demise.
When aquarists become infected by Mycobacterium marinum, it is usually because the carry out maintenance work when they have cuts or other skin problems on their hands or arms. Our skin is remarkably good at keeping malevolent microorganisms out, but as soon as the skin gets injured, an important part of the body’s defense system has been breached. It doesn’t have to bee a large wound; a simple paper cut or eczema can be enough for Mycobacterium marinum to slip through. When handling an aquarium where you suspect that Mycobacterium marinum may be present, it is consequently important to use protective gloves. You may have a tiny sore that you haven’t even noticed, such as a torn cuticle. Some aquarists prefer to use gloves all the time, or at least when they have damaged skin, since it is impossible to know if Mycobacterium marinum exists in an aquarium before the fish start to show symptoms of fish tuberculosis. You can also catch fish tuberculosis by using your mouth to start a siphon. Washing your hands and lower arms with soap after handling fish and aquariums is naturally always recommended.
Most doctors never come in contact with fish tuberculosis and if you show up with some strange lesions on your hands, they might not realize what is causing it and put you on a general oral antibiotic that will not kill Mycobacterium marinum. It is therefore very important to inform your doctor that you are an aquarist and that you may have caught fish tuberculosis or some other disease from your aquarium. Mycobacterium marinum can be successfully treated but only if the right combination of drugs are used. Just as with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the treatment will normally need to be carried out over the course of several months. In serious cases, intravenous administration of antibiotics may be required.
#25. If you get caught cheating, always, always, always deny. Deny until death and she will eventually get over it.
3. Nouns are especially weighty. Descriptions are usually made of nouns and adjectives. But actions and lines of dialog must also be recognized as potato-esque in their effects, too, and a very good description will usually contain some element of action. Notice where your attention tends to catch and where it tends to slide in this description of Gabriel, from “The Dead”:
But what also caught everyone’s attention and provoked some amused comments was that almost as soon as he started his own winery, Robert began pronouncing his surname differently than Peter, Rosa, and the rest of the family.
Anyone caught in violation of the law would be fined $10 for the first offense, with subsequent incidents prompting a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
Businesses that are caught selling tobacco products to people under the age of 21 will be fined $500 for their first violation and up to $2,000 for subsequent offenses, Buzzfeed News reports.
Among all the options for sharing images and photos online, don’t forget to share them on Twitter too. Include relevant images to catch the eye of your community and encourage engagement. If you’re sharing photos of people, you can also tag up to 10 people per image, as described in our post on Twitter best practices.
Hosting a Twitter chat is a great way to show thought leadership in your field while building advocacy, loyalty, and community. Using a shared hashtag, users meet online to catch up on industry news, discuss issues, and share ideas. To learn more, see our step-by-step guide on how to run a Twitter chat.
Did his more expansive interests outside cricket help him cope with failure better – when he dropped a catch or bowled poorly? “I probably felt those failures as much as anyone. In the moment of failure, or even the day of the failure, it hurt. But I could rationalise the situation a little more easily. I could genuinely say to myself that there are things that are more important in my life.”
For the Schwabisch Hall Unicorns in 2015, Böhringer had 16 touchdown receptions and an average of 20.9 yards per catch in 21 games on his way to the German Football League’s rookie of the year award. The Unicorns only ran 70 or 80 plays out of five or six formations, paling in comparison to the complexity of Turner’s playbook with the Vikings.
"You want to start at the grassroots and work your way up, and we’ve been doing that with him. He’s extremely intelligent, so he catches onto things pretty well," wide receivers coach George Stewart said. "He understands exactly what I’m trying to communicate to him. He has a great understanding of the language."
To read all of Neidell’s answers to redditors questions, check out the original AMA discussion. And to catch up on your “Great War” history in time just in time for Trivia Night, head over to The Great War YouTube channel.
To breakdown all the chapters and layers of this cultural phenomenon, MMA Fighting caught up with arguably the best welterweight boxer on the planet and one of the most analytical minds of the sweet science. Current undefeated unified 147-pound champion Keith “One Time” Thurman weighed in on all of the ins and outs and the build up of Mayweather vs. McGregor.
Thurman: The funny thing is that I competed in Florida early in my career, and when I competed at a catch weight of 152 pounds, the commission gave my opponent the option of eight or 10-ounce gloves. So I will say that there are times where it becomes negotiable to say the least. I knew with Floyd and McGregor that a lot of people were intrigued whether it was going to be with eight-ounce or 10-ounce gloves.
A 4-year-old girl is recovering in the hospital after falling out of the back of a moving bus Saturday, and the horrifying incident was caught on video.
But city officials hope Tulane Avenue is on the cusp of a renaissance, led by construction of a $2 billion medical complex expected to create 17,000 well-paying jobs. Some entrepreneurs have started to open businesses along the Mid-City corridor. But some find their livelihoods threatened by the crime that prevail on the avenue. They're caught between Tulane Avenue's seedy present and its promising future, uncertain whether their businesses will survive long enough to see it.
Police carried out raids on businesses, markets and residential areas to catch expatriates whose visas are invalid because they are not working for the company that 'sponsored' their entry into the kingdom.
Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content
The cold and the long trip must have made him extra impassioned as well. As soon as he caught her in his arms, he carried her over to her bed. Together, they crawled under the covers where they made out like a couple of horny prom dates. Already, she felt his flesh warming up, but hers was already too hot to bear. It led her to remove her sleeping attire, with Robby’s help.
Charlie Spiering ‏@charliespiering My take: Obama did better in debate, caught Romney on several zingers
Charlie Spiering ‏@charliespiering My take: Obama did better in debate, caught Romney on several zingers
Once, he was caught double-billing taxpayers and the GOP for the same airfare.
Then surprisingly, in the 3rd quarter the Redskins used the hurry up offense and Kirk Cousins threw a rainbow of a pass that landed over Desean Jackson’s right shoulder in what might of been his best catch of his Redskins career for an 80 yard touchdown pass. It shocked his former team into a state of numbness. Which he reveled in with smiles and laughter. What a villain he has become to his former team, you know it hurts them to see it.
Meanwhile, some lawmakers are just sick of speeding tickets. Rep. Steve Stockman's bill bans D.C. from using traffic cameras to catch speeders, including, presumably, members of Congress. It also nixes federal highway funds for states that use such cameras.
Since its introduction in 2007, the Dreamliner has had more than its fair share of problems. In 2013, all 787s were grounded because of the potential for battery fires. Sparking that directive was an incident at Logan Airport in Boston, where an unoccupied Japan Airlines 787 caught fire after a nonstop flight from Tokyo.
A foreign billionaire and seven-figure donor to the Clinton Foundation has been caught funding a reportedly illegal voting scheme that links straight to the Democratic National Committee and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Pakistan's port city of Karachi is 30 times larger now than it was at the end of World War II. That tremendous growth caught the interest of NPR's Morning Edition co-host Steve Inskeep, who has made numerous reporting trips to Pakistan over the past decade. In his new book, Instant City: Life and Death in Karachi, Inskeep explores the growing pains — and the vitality — of a city experiencing explosive population growth.
Ireland has done something wonderful and historic in this past weekend. Let us Singaporeans not be caught on the wrong side of history; let us not wait for court cases or politicians to bring us the equality that we should have.
Hour after hour, station after station, we watched the next round of highlights. And each time, when Mark Bradford jumped up and caught Tavita Pritchard’s lob to put the Cardinal ahead 24-23, one thing became a little clearer: We would never, ever forget October 6, 2007.
Sometimes we run into situations that remind us that the rest of the world just hasn’t quite caught up with electronic document management yet. We know from Freedom of Information Act requests that governments have sometimes been guilty of overcharging for access to public records. We were treated to a dilly of a case recently courtesy of the New York Times, which posted a dramatic reading of a deposition for an Ohio Supreme Court case regarding access to government records.
Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.
Balanced still has a long way to go. This solution works for now, but we’re always looking for ways to improve. We have to deal with a level of quality that catches problems early to let us move fast and break things, just not in a catastrophic way.
Someone did, in fact, catch on to the scheme when a man dressed in a suit and tie tried to vote as a dead man known to the poll watcher. The man left before police arrived and said the poll watcher would “soon find out” why he tried to vote under a fake name, the Boston Herald reported Tuesday night.
In China there’s no such thing as queuing, it’s a concept that just hasn’t caught on. In Arabia I learned the subtle art of queue jumping from the Arabs, and the apologetic face of “sorry I didn’t know” that allows you to get away with anything up to murder, but that’s wasted here too.
The progression of ODI batting can be observed by cursorily glancing through the BI values across the batting order in different eras. Batting was easier at numbers 3 and 4 in the first two eras, before the openers caught up in the post-Greatbatch eras. The numbers have been fairly stable among the top 6 overall, and have tailed off at number 7. The effect of four fielders in the middle overs is there to be seen in the latest era; numbers 3 and 4 have the highest BI values in the table.
Florida's senior class is now 217-31, which currently ranks tied for fifth among four-year class records in program history. This year's group is now tied with UF's 2014 graduating class that went 217-47 throughout its four seasons. Taylore Fuller , Kirsti Merritt , Aubree Munro , Taylor Schwarz and Kelsey Stewart are trying to catch UF's 2011 class which boasted a 238-33 mark during their four years.
Well, let me clarify. It wasn’t so much that I was dropping a deuce. Oh, it was being dropped; that much was undeniable. But I couldn't really claim agency on said descent. Gravity was doing the work. I was merely the meaty husk from which it made its hasty escape. Used to more of a segmented approach to waste disposal, I was quite surprised that the creature making its egress from my nethers had more the appearance of a python. Smooth, and consistent in width, it coiled luxuriously in a pool of toilet water that is (or at least was) cleaner than the water that most of the people on this planet drink. As it continued to coil, my emotional state flowed from one of surprise, to horror, to amazement, and then again to horror as the snake coiled higher and higher, like soft serve ice cream at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. It was now surfacing above the water line. But still, the snake showed no signs that it was anywhere near finished with its journey. In a panic, I pawed at the flusher. The poor toilet strained, but eventually sent things on their way. But I wasn’t done yet. As the toilet flushed the waste away, more came to replace it. As the flush subsided, the coil started anew. And then I was done. I tried to catch my breath as the toilet flushed a second time. I felt my liver shift and expand, unsure what to do with all the extra space now afforded to it. I cleaned up and stood, almost dizzy after the affair. “Wow. A+++”, I thought to myself. “Would poop again.”
‘Both the Bulls and the Cheetahs have adopted this playing style of using the width of the field and playing off their halfbacks. But you still have to commit. If you just catch and pass the whole time, then the defence just shifts with the ball. You have to actually run at a defender and time your pass so that you fix the defender to stop him from going across. What was interesting is the Cheetahs’ philosophy to move the ball around until they could get their kicker into a good position to clear for touch.
If you don’t live within an hour of the Village of Lake Placid in the Adirondack North Country, then you’d better hurry up and get in your car or on your bike. Now. This haste is required if you want to catch the free Rusted Root concert scheduled for 7:00 p.m. tonight on Mirror Lake in Lake Placid.
Gibney illustrates the acts of abuse through hazy images and shadowy figures. Flowing cassocks catch the light as a figure meant to be Murphy tiptoes through the boys’ dorm late at night to find a boy to molest while the others lay still in their beds pretending not to notice. At one stage, according to a victim’s recollections, Murphy relocated the confessional at St. John’s from the tiny cabinet to a closet. Gibney illustrates the point with a young boy kneeling in front of a character portraying the priest. But he is not asked to pray. Instead, he is to open the priest’s cassock and perform fellatio.
In projecting historical drama, the jihadists know their audience. Actually, it is not that difficult to figure out what they are working with, and how they are purposely manipulating it. I know it by my own example: when I leaf through stodgy, scholarly books on early Islam, I catch myself visualizing what I am reading as scenes from a particular movie, The Message (1976). My mental image of what the buildings looked like, the colors, how people dressed, the background noises, and even the haircuts that early Muslims sported derive from it. Growing up in the Middle East, I must have seen this movie some twenty times, for the simple fact that it would reliably get aired at every Islamic occasion dotting the calendar, whether it be Eid, or Ramadhan, or Muhammad’s birthday. It was an epic and compelling production: a Syrian director, Libyan money, two separate versions in Arabic and in English, with the later starring Anthony Quinn and Irene Papas. The score was exhilarating—its composer Maurice Jarre was nominated for an Academy Award but lost to Star Wars that year. The grand tales of early Islam that we had to read in schoolbooks came vividly alive on the screen. Eyes would widen as the warrior hero Hamza, Muhammad’s uncle, stole every scene. The movie had a big impact across Muslim lands and beyond: it was cited as one of the grievances behind the first act of Islamic terror in Washington DC, when a Nation of Islam off-shoot occupied three buildings in the capital in 1977, leaving two dead. They deemed the movie sacrilegious and were incensed that it was due to premiere on U.S. soil. Salafists were never enthusiastic about it, sensing that it portrayed early Islam in a manner that was sympathetic to the Shia version of history. They also have other issues to nitpick; one Salafist told me years ago that depicting the early Muslims as the movie did in all white garb is illogical since they would not have self-identified by their dress color, for example. Chillingly, the Syrian director was killed in November 2005 from injuries sustained after a suicide bomber, dispatched by Zarqawi’s organization, had detonated his explosive vest in the lobby of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman.
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
For seven years, Gary Barnidge was one of the hundreds of nondescript players in the NFL. He played in 92 games for two teams, but logged just 25 starts. He caught 44 passes for 603 yards, an average of less than 100 yards a season, with just three touchdowns. He averaged 6.6 yards per game during this seven-season stretch in his 20s.
But Barnidge turned 30 on September 22nd, and then transformed into one of the most dominant tight ends in the NFL. Barnidge has played in six games since his 30th birthday, and has caught 36 passes for 512 yards and 6 touchdowns.
The last player to do so is Jim Jensen, a utility football player for the Dolphins who saw time at quarterback, running back, wide receiver, and tight end in his career. In his 20s, he totaled just 414 receiving yards in seven seasons, but he broke out in 1988 with 58 catches for 652 yards and five touchdowns.
The other is Pat Curran, who caught just 9 passes in 66 games in six years with the Rams. Then, before his age 30 season, he was traded to San Diego, where he gained 619 receiving yards in 1975.
It is imperative (for road riding, at least) that the chain is sufficiently tight that it is impossible for it to derail from either the chainring or sprocket. This generally equates to "no visible slack". A derailed chain can cause a variety of undesirable consequences, such as a locked rear wheel or, worst of all, destruction of the frame if the chain becomes caught around the crank arm and pulls the rear triangle forwards. On a fixed-gear bicycle without hand brakes, even a relatively benign derailment means a total loss of braking ability. Tensioning aside, a chain is significantly less likely to derail if the chainline is accurate and the chain is a traditional "full bushing" type with limited lateral flexibility. Because the difference between a tight and a slack chain equates to only very minor elongation of the links, chain tension should be visually checked at least weekly, especially if the bicycle is ridden in wet or dirty conditions.
Mayor Ron White has said Browser got caught in the political crossfire after a city employee wasn't allowed to take a puppy to work at City Hall.
She said her father would have been ecstatic to know his daughter would be meeting the president, and remembered fondly a family road trip in 1995 to catch a glimpse of the then-president of Croatia in Melbourne.
Prosecutors say Russian agents agreed to meet with the younger Nicholson because they wanted to learn how the FBI caught his father and to obtain information about the CIA.
As someone who rarely watches television, she also had never seen an episode of "Sons of Anarchy." She frantically streamed episodes from Netflix in an attempt to catch up in case White asked her about it, but she ran out of time just half a season in.
inSec was caught invading Sword’s red jungle but escaped into mid lane and finished off a kill on Peng. Bullets then returned mid to siege and took mid turret. Sword attempted to take the next dragon but Bullets catch and kill Expession then take their third dragon of the game. Bullets begin moving around Baron to deny vision, ultimately taking top turret while Sword piles in to take their mid turret. Bullets traveled to bottom lane to siege the 2nd turret.
Frost grouped mid at 27 minutes with shy split pushing bottom. MiSo was caught out a killed and Frost immediately took mid turret. MakNoon roamed bot to join shy and both lanes dove Falcons, Reapered dying bottom but no turrets taken. Frost backed off and took their second dragon. shy remained bottom, forcing Reapered to stay with him while the rest of Frost started clearing Baron area. shy baited Reapered into an all in, allowing Space to roam bottom and take the kill. Frost then moved to Baron. Falcons engaged and shy teleported into the fight from bottom lane. Frost killed MiSo and took Baron then piled in mid lane, taking 2nd mid turret then 2nd bottom turret and group sieging the lane. Falcons engaged again, Frost taking the teamfight 2/1 as well as mid and bottom inhibitors before backing off, securing their third dragon, and buying.
Faker caught Ambition in mid lane at 25 minutes and SKTK sieged mid with a number advantage, forcing Blaze off their turret and taking the mid inhibitor. With a 13/1 kill score and over 15k gold lead for SKTK, Blaze surrendered at 26 minutes.
SKTK invaded Blaze’s red while Blaze invaded SKTK’s blue. Both teams ran into each other in the river on their way into bottom lane, resulting in a 2/1 fight for Blaze with Flame taking Blaze’s red buff back from Bengi. When everyone had returned, the lanes were traditional matchups with duo lanes bottom. Bengi and Impact caught Flame and DayDream stealing SKTK’s wolves and fought, coming out with 2/1 fight for SKTK and giving a double kill and double buffs to Impact. DayDream roamed to bottom at 7 minutes, pushed in the lane and moved to dragon. SKTK contested 4v4. Blaze secured the dragon despite Faker killing DayDream with a spear. Blaze retreated over the wall.
Ambition and DayDream roamed bottom at 11 minutes to tower dive SKTKs duo lane. Faker way caught by the two in the river but escaped, drawing them into the river while Bengi ganked bottom and got a double kill. Flame was forced to cancel his teleport and SKTK took bottom turret. Blaze returned with DayDream and took bottom turret, but Bengi and Faker roamed bottom, killing Blaze’s duo lane yet again. SKTK moved to dragon but Ambition stole it with his ultimate. SKTK’s due lane rotated top, catching Flame teleporting onto his tower with Bengi. They chased Flame down to his 2nd turret but Blaze turned and killed Impact. Bengi and Faker used the distraction to take mid turret. Blaze’s duo lane remained top to keep the 2v2 matchup while Flame rotated to bottom against Impact. Skirmishes broke out in all 3 lanes, resulting in another kill for each team and Ambition taking mid turret.
The major point is not to panic when the market reacts to this situation. Do not get caught up in the doom and gloom syndrome, where people firmly believe that this tangible asset of gold that you can hold in your hand is far above the promises of our politicians and the unbacked paper issued by our governments.
The math is, admittedly, a little fishy. $15 million — or “between 1.3 and 1.7 million golf balls per year” as Berger says — means he’d have to fish seven days a week and catch somewhere north of 3,900 golf balls a day.
Be sure to catch Sarah Jones on Damnation, premiering Tuesday, November 7th on USA.
Cost isn’t the only stumbling block, though. As companies developing these chips are finding out, there are a number of less obvious technical problems, including everything from different coefficients of expansion to testing and simulation issues. This is why TSMC Integrated Fan-Out (InFO) packaging has caught on over the past year. Fan-outs are a much simpler approach to heterogeneous integration than 2.5D. Rather than designing multiple chips using an interposer or some kind of silicon bridge, they basically can be pushed closer together on a board and then packaged. But how close together isn’t always clear.
Like all government surveillance projects, SOD seems to have started with just a handful of agents and ballooned beyond its original mandate. But one big question is: Does it even work? One former agent told Reuters the SOD tips were only accurate about 60 percent of the time. Also, because the agency was so worried that the program would be exposed if a case went to trial, defendants who refused to plea bargain and instead asked to see the evidence against them would sometimes see their charges dropped simply to avoid getting SOD involved. A lot of people might be fine with pushing the boundaries of legality to catch terrorists, but to push the boundaries to not catch American drug dealers is another story.
You'd think I'd have posted this back then, back when I was "cured". I thought about it, but then I started getting caught up with work, taking back 40 hours a week again back at the same job. I wasn't able to play Overwatch as much as I wanted anymore, but I still tried to manage to squeeze some time in there.
Movistar made its rather contrarian decision not to return to the Tour with Quintana last fall, something that appeared to catch even the team’s budding star by surprise. Even into January’s Tour de San Luís, which Quintana handily won, he was still holding out hope that he could race the Tour again, as he would like to.
And then, Orgeron launches into the story of how he caught his first big break, way back in 1986, with a phone call that came while he was "shoveling shrimp" back home in Louisiana. Did he want to become an assistant strength coach at Arkansas?
Afterwards the laughing star took the incident in her stride, saying it was not the first time she had been caught out on live television.
Normally, I wouldn’t have given it a second thought, except something in the room happened to catch my eye…
Two Bell Centre employees were injured, as were a man and woman caught up in the fight. They were all taken to hospital.
Several recent news items on Enceladus have me wanting to catch up with mission possibilities and the instruments that will drive them. NASA’s thinking in that direction takes in a remote sensing instrument called SELFI, an acronym standing for Submillimeter Enceladus Life Fundamentals Instrument. The plan here is to examine the chemical composition of the plumes of water vapor and icy particles that are regularly lofted into space from Enceladus’ south pole, in the region we’ve come to know as the ‘tiger stripes.’
The company removed nearly all models of the popular "hoverboard" self-balancing scooters over the weekend, according to CNN Money. This comes after months of reports some models of the scooters can catch fire, which happened to an Ascension Parish family earlier this month.
Meal prep – don’t get caught without food
Additionally, we’ve set up a mailing list that will send out occasional emails about the future of the project; it’s a great way to keep caught up with the future of our projects. You can subscribe to the mailing list here: http://www.pixeltailgames.com/newsletter
There have been other, less subtle signals which police officers have no doubt caught wind of. They’ve had to watch a very public and embarrassing battle take place in the press as elected legislators battled over a painting hanging within a stone’s throw of the halls where Congress meets. It’s a piece of “art” which depicts police officers as pigs who are oppressing African American residents in Ferguson.
Following the release of the third Kung Fu Panda film, this cuddly panda bear was caught on camera practising his best karate moves.
Following the release of the third Kung Fu Panda film (right), this cuddly panda bear (left) was caught on camera practising his best karate moves
With his mother gone, he was free to bare it all in living color, he said, and the result is a documentary, “Mr. Chibbs,” which premiered over the weekend at the Montclair Film Festival and will open Wednesday in Manhattan. The title is derived from the nickname his mother gave him as a toddler who became the precocious ball-handling wizard and first caught the eye of Kenny Smith, another prodigy of the LeFrak housing project, situated alongside the Long Island Expressway.
At last, there was a narrow stream with a smattering of plant diversity modeled after the Katy Prairie. The creek resembles Buffalo Bayou Park, which is no coincidence. SWA's success in creating "synthetic nature" along the bayou caught Johnson's attention, which requested a similar approach here.
"We have had it happen in the past, but this is the first time where we've actually caught the individual and recovered the property," Herman said.
By now we’re firmly into outsider territory. Jacob Fuglsang and Janez Brajkovič bring options for Astana and you can see them in the top-10 . Ag2r’s Jean-Christophe Péraud leads the brown-short brigade, he’s a likeable rider but exploring the frontiers of his talent to make the top-10 again. Thibaut Pinot can climb with the best and was tenth overall last year on a route that didn’t suit him. He’s better this year and wants “to confirm” as they say in French, I can see him in the top-10 with ease and taking a stage or two in the mountains but he’ll have to avoid being caught out at the back of the bunch, le placement is his weakness.
BA may be new to street art, but she understands where bombing—the writing of one’s name on a public surface—comes from: An art form of the voiceless, it’s about proclaiming your existence to a world that has failed to notice you. In her case, “failed to notice” might mean something closer to “didn’t see you before my SUV right-hooked you on your bike.” But while BA has cannily adopted an art form that’s historically belonged to marginalized people and placed it in the streets’ margins, for the most part she’s not proclaiming her existence to the right-hookers. She’s talking to the right-hookees. If BA is caught, the punishments are real. According to the D.C. Code, BA could face as many as 10 years in prison and fines up to $5,000 if she’s found guilty of damages totalling more than $1,000. But anyone who can tag frequently well-lit streets for months without consequence must enjoy some kind of privilege. BA knows it. “People look over with curiosity,” she says of the times she is spotted. “Either people are so complacent they’re not even observant of what’s going on, or they could care less because I’m a young white girl.” Sometimes other bikers double-take when they see BA tagging, but the reaction is receptive. Once, a rider biked by her while she was spraying at 14th and V. “He, like, circled back, looked at the ground, got closer, looked up and said, ‘Whoa, you’re the one. You’re the one!’ He started screaming it in the intersection, and I was like, ‘Dude, keep it quiet.’ And he was like, ‘You’re the one.’ It made me feel like Batman or something.” Several D.C. government officials interviewed for this story say the Metropolitan Police Department rarely pursues street artists who aren’t generating numerous complaints—like Borf, the teenage tagger whose works briefly captivated Washingtonians until his arrest in 2005—or spraying gang-related messages or names. Likewise, the Department of Public Works, which “doesn’t necessarily tolerate” street art on public property like the bases of lamp posts, prioritizes cleaning up material that’s gang-related, offensive, or has inspired a complaint, according to spokeswoman Linda Grant. To Grant’s knowledge, no one has complained to DPW about the bike-lane stencils. “I’d say that the messages are positive and pretty unobtrusive. They don’t distract from people using the street safely,” emails Sam Zimbabwe, DDOT’s director of policy, planning, and sustainability administration, when asked about the bike-lane stencils. “We generally don’t want people to do things like this, because if we did have to remove the stencils it’s a cost to the agency and taxpayers, which means other needed work may not get done. But this isn’t really the same as defacing a sign or creating a large mural in the street because of the size and the fact that the messages are positive.” BA says she’s worried about being caught—mostly because of what it could cost her financially—but believes she could gather support among bike enthusiasts and galvanize momentum for better biking infrastructure and bicyclist behavior. Maybe she shouldn’t worry. On the night I watched BA and her friends tag 15th Street, M. wondered out loud if I was going to portray the crew as reckless, entitled white kids. They certainly have tagging down to something like a science, but over time, they got remarkably looser. At several points, they left three or four stencils next to one another, spending several traffic-light cycles at a single intersection. They greeted passersby, spraycans in hand. And why not be reckless, when the odds of being caught appear to be so low? The most remarkable thing about writing on a well-lit street while being white, 20-something, and bike-bound is how little suspicion you arouse—from cops cruising by, from security guards, from anyone. I had to wonder if the kids who once made the above-ground stretch of the Red Line heading toward Silver Spring a graffiti destination ever had it so easy. BA and her compatriots may borrow graffiti’s customs, but they don’t live in its world. Even Borf’s sentence was light compared to the maximum punishment—while he was ordered to pay $12,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to tagging a Howard University building, he served only a month in jail. BA is hardly Borf on a bike, at least in terms of any damage she’s doing; if city officials say they’re barely bothered by her stencils, would a judge really treat her as a menace? That she’s tagging public property with well-meaning messages, not painting private buildings with pseudo-anarchic axioms, seems to have helped her cause, at least among local officials. From a street artist’s perspective, there’s another advantage to BA’s method. Because streets are public property, tags there tend to last much longer than tags on walls, which are often removed quickly, says Cory Stowers, an amateur graffiti historian who runs Art Under Pressure, a skate and paint shop in Petworth. And while street-bound street art isn’t a common approach, it does have a long tradition: Kids have been painting their names on the pavement as long as they’ve been painting them on the side of subway cars. BA’s stencils aren’t alone on D.C.’s streets. There are the Toynbee Tiles, with their esoteric messages, that can be found on city streets across the Western Hemisphere, plus the Stikman robots that inhabit crosswalks across the United States. Fine artists like Steed Taylor have created sanctioned, gallery-supported “road tattoos.” There’s an artist in Bowie who creates Pac-Man figures, some which are placed so that they appear to be eating lines on the road. That guy uses a heavy-duty adhesive that reacts to heat in order to become permanent, Stowers says. Corporate viral marketers will sometimes stamp hashtags on D.C. roads and sidewalks using materials that fade to nothing in four or five months. Creating street art that’s actually on the street is a bit more technically difficult than using a wall, Stowers says—you have to hold the can a different way, for starters—but it has the appeal of being less competitive. “Not too many people do it, and it’s a great way to attract attention,” he says. “Going onto the ground is an excellent canvas for folks putting their message out.” ***
Syria’s conflict has left hundreds of thousands dead, pushed millions more into exile, and had a profound effect on children who lost their homes or became caught up in the bloodletting.
“If they go back home they will catch happiness. This is their motto,” Dolgun said.
“There’s no doubt about it, Vancouverites love to stay connected,” said Anee-Marie LaBerge, Telus vice president, brand and marketing communications. “Whether people are jumping in a taxi for a quick trip or a long ride, it’s the perfect time to catch up on email, post a selfie, stream some new music or video conference with a friend. Vancouver is Telus’ hometown and we believe that offering free Wi-Fi in taxis is a great way to offer added value to our customers and neighbours.”
“When he first came in on trial, he caught the coaching staff’s eye quite quickly,” said Eleven captain Colin Falvey. “Right off the bat, he made an impression that he was a good finisher. I think it took him a little bit of time when the season started to adjust to playing professional football. Coming from college is never easy.”
"It was interesting playing before Canadians," recalled Hertzberg. "The fans really didn't understand the game at first. To them, a jump ball was like a face-off in hockey. But they started to catch on and seemed to like the action."
JANINE COHEN: Police caught the alleged offender.
JANINE COHEN: John, who is still very drunk, is caught by security guards trying to escape.
There you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Happy Wednesday.
The decision to give up violence as a means of achieving their political goals comes at a time when large swathes of India are in the grip of a conflict between the Maoists and government security forces leading to the deaths of hundreds of paramilitary forces, the police, Maoist fighters and civilians caught in the crossfire.
Maxey moved to Houston, and the team expanded to include a videographer, a manager, and Amber Galloway Gallego, another hearing ASL interpreter. Earlier this summer, they hosted an ASL hip-hop camp for adults and kids, then booked their first festival gig at Bonnaroo—where their work alongside D.R.A.M. caught the eye of Chance the Rapper.
And then, of course, sometimes a rapper says the N-word, and the cross-cultural can of worms springs open. When he can, Maxey skips it to avoid controversy: "If it makes sense in context, sometimes I just replace it with 'homie,'" Maxey says. "Even I never really get used to seeing that word signed." But when there's no reasonably clean substitution, all three interpreters sign the ASL term for that particular slur onstage, and it's usually Kurdi and Gallego, who are white, who catch flak on social media for using it.
The ZiP™ was consistently plagued with failures to feed. The bolt is often moving forwards before the magazine can lift the next round up into place. Even when it does feed, the bolt would often come forward so quickly that the ejecting empty brass was caught before it could escape the gun. These failures created some unique jams with empty brass smashed up somewhere in the ejection port and a new round partially fed into the chamber.
DNR confirms Jordan man’s sturgeon catch as biggest in state records
Sturgeon caught in the St. Croix near Bayport could be largest MN fish on record
Only when they’re abundant. I know this either from DNR data or because I’ve already caught a bunch.
Those handsome 14 to 16 inchers that everyone loves to catch — unless there’s a ton of them.
And Abigail Folger was one of Charles Manson’s victims. She was the heiress to the Folgers coffee fortune and was a friend of Roman Polanski, so she was staying at the house. I think that’s probably a good catch on your part. Because why would they have that coffee room debate?
Persky sentenced the 20-year-old athlete to six months in county jail, which is lighter than the minimum of two years in state prison prescribed by law. Turner was caught sexually assaulting an unconscious woman by a dumpster outside an on-campus fraternity party, but throughout the trial, he argued that the encounter was consensual.
But Persky’s supporters, including public defenders, former judges and law school professors, have argued that the recall is misguided and that judges should not be removed from office for a single decision. His defenders further fear that the push for harsher sentencing could lead to more severe punishments for low-income defendants and people of color disproportionately caught up in the criminal justice system.
"I wanted something … something that would give me private personal pleasure, like when I pass by and catch a glimpse of a picture of my mom, or my old manager. People who are gone now," says Cranston, whose wife says he is not a tattoo guy. "And it seemed appropriate. I mean, 'Breaking Bad' changed my life."
With all the chaos surrounding the President-elect this week (see Donald Trump Body Slams BuzzFeed, CNN For Fake Russian ‘Report’ and Trump Campaign BLASTS Unsourced, Unsubstantiated Russian ‘Intelligence’ Report), people were caught off guard by this tweet about L.L. Bean:
A recurring theme of Indian politics has been that every few years a new politician catches the fancy of the nation. He rails against the establishment, promises to fight against the corrupt and dynastic Congress, packages himself as honest and holier-than-thou, sells dreams of better days, makes promises that sound sincere, coins catchy slogans— Raja (VP Singh) Nahin Fakir Hai, Desh ki Taqdeer Hai, for instance — and then walks away with the trust and hopes of the voters.
Editor's Picks President Trump draws crowd at LPGA major Some golfers remained focused. Others waited for the motorcade to pass through. President Donald Trump's appearance Friday at the U.S. Women's Open at Trump National Bedminster caught the attention of everyone on the course.
The inside fire resistant material will not catch fire, but please pay attention that the long time high temperature will cause the paper in the fire proof puch to carbide. So please flap side down and on the lowest level of your house (best place is in your cellar, but not in a wet place) that will be better to protect your improtant goods. Also please pay attention to the fire and keep away from the fire is the best way to protect eveything.
Masked gunmen have been caught on camera patrolling the streets of North Belfast.
The so-called show of strength was caught on camera close to where father-of-four Michael McGibbon was murdered by a New IRA gang earlier this year.
Wednesday 23 February 1972 "Fluff from Miss Rigg's gown caught in her throat early in Act 1 and remained until interval: very painful; affected her voice."
Monday 11 June "The stage left charcoal tree came in several inches before it flew out during the bathing change, consequently it was swinging about violently and caught on the ceiling. Needless to say the actors were very frightened… The large scene changes were extremely noisy – no doubt due to the fact that everyone [on the crew] wanted to return to the England match being shown on TV. Mr Quast was most distressed."
Michigan attorney general Bill Schuette is surely going to catch heat for this - criticism that he’s strictly acting out of partisan concern because he’s a Republican. And yes, Schuette is a very partisan Republican and has been one for a long time. And oh yes, he would certainly like to be our next governor. But no matter who he is, his legal argument is awfully solid that there is no valid reason for a recount of the presidential race in Michigan. It would be extremely time-consuming and expensive - and yes, the state would bear a huge share of the cost - and it’s not going to change a damn thing. Plus, the party who demanded it can hardly claim to be a seriously aggrieved party.
AI ship designs are somewhat lacking, but one of the best features of StarDrive is the AI’s ability to steal a player’s designs. Did you wipe the galaxy with your epic Draylok designs last time you played? Don’t be surprised to see them used against you the next time you play as a different race. This is a feature that often catches players off guard, and one you truly can’t appreciate until you’ve played a few games with different races. Combined with the AI’s offensive capabilities, this can create a very tough challenge for those caught unaware.
Spies are dual purpose, so training a spy up and leaving him “unassigned” will provide you with defense against enemy spies, while leveling him up and sending him out to steal from others will of course provide advantages as well. Should you be caught spying on the enemy, expect them to react as they should, with anger and resentment towards your attempts. In this aspect, the AI handles itself quite well.
It is easy to get caught up in the hype that naturally follows an overall market growth of over 3,300% in less than one year, with some individual coins far exceeding that. However, it is important to take a step back from the markets periodically and take a look at the past, as well as the future of the industry.
That could be a problem for the EPL media police, too. There’s just too much content being uploaded during every match for the crawlers to catch it all.
Ben is a keen advocate of getting the basics right as well as sorting out your diet. Stress can have a hugely negative impact on your physique and must therefore be considered alongside diet and workout plans. This is particularly key if stress begins to affect your sleep as the best time to catch some shut-eye is between 10pm and 6am. Again if you aren’t catching enough Z’s then you could be working counter-productively when trying to achieve your fitness and health goals. Sleep is particularly important as it helps to raise testosterone levels which is obviously pretty essential when trying to build muscle.
Martin has played well in his first 20 minor league games, hitting .338/.419/.538 in 80 at-bats for Double-A Frisco in the Texas League. He's drawn 11 walks with just six strikeouts so far. While the sample is small, this does match the scouting reports about his contact/discipline style of hitting. He's stolen eight bases but has also been caught four times, but scouts don't expect stealing efficiency to be a long-term problem.
Title fight is a rematch. Cormier and Rumble battled two years ago for the vacant light heavyweight title. While Johnson was able to do some damage, Cormier’s expertise on the ground proved to be the difference with DC scoring the submission victory in the third round. It will be interesting to see how Johnson has expanded his game over the last two years to prepare for this because his last three wins have all come via knockout. Both fighters riding winning streaks. Cormier and Johnson are both riding three-fight win streaks into their rematch. Since losing his first professional MMA fight ever to Jon Jones in 2015, Cormier has rattled off wins against Johnson, Alexander Gustafsson via split decision and Anderson Silva via unanimous decision. Johnson, meanwhile, has knocked out Jimi Manuwa in the second round, Ryan Bader in the first and Glover Teixeira in just 13 seconds. Johnson a slight betting favorite. The odds are nearly dead even, but in most places where you could put a wager down, Rumble is a slight favorite (-115) over Cormier (-105). I have to think that has more to do with how Johnson has won those three fights versus how Cormier looked, even though Cormier did win their last match up. Chris Weidman’s rebound? The former middleweight champion is on a bit of a downward spiral. Since knocking out Anderson Silva to end UFC’s longest championship reign ever, Weidman lost to Luke Rockhold to lose the belt. Then, after battling a neck injury for most of 2016, Weidman was dropped by a crazy flying knee from Yoel Romero in December. Now, he gets one of the hottest fighters at 185 pounds in Gegard Mousasi, riding a four-fight winning streak with three straight KO/TKOs. Weidman desperately needs a win to remind fans that he wasn’t a one-hit wonder who caught a vulnerable champion at the right time. Log-jam at 185 pounds. Speaking of Mousasi, a win over Weidman would definitely start to draw attention for the former Strikeforce champion to get a title shot. The problem is everyone is stuck waiting on what champion Michael Bisping is doing. UFC gave his next title defense to legend Georges St-Pierre, who has been out of action since 2014, and never fought at middleweight. And while they have agreed to a bout, a date and location remains up in the air. Romero, Jacare Souza and Mousasi all believe they deserve a title shot, but have been forced to play the waiting game. It would truly be a disappointment if one of those three fighters doesn’t get a title shot before the end of 2017. Return of the phenom. Women’s strawweight Cynthia Calvillo is back in the octagon for UFC 210 and will face relative unknown Pearl Gonzalez. Calvillo (4-0) is slowly working her way up the 115-pound rankings after scoring her first victory in UFC at UFC 209 last month. It’s a quick turnaround for the 29-year old, but she took virtually no damage in that fight against Amanda Cooper. If she’s successful in that same way on Saturday, it’s only a matter of time before we see her against the top competitors in the division. Will Brooks’ return. The former Bellator lightweight champion was expected to come in and set the UFC on fire. Then, he ran into Alex Oliveira last October. Brooks (18-2) was coming off a unanimous decision win over Ross Pearson and looking to continue his march toward the 155-pound title, but Oliveira caught Brooks in the third round and finished things off with a TKO. Now, Brooks will face another Oliveira -- Charles -- who happens to be the No. 9 ranked lightweight. A win -- and a decisive one at that -- will quickly make people forget about that loss. A final ride for the Pitbull? Thiago Alves has had an incredible run with UFC. He peaked with a title shot against Georges St-Pierre at UFC 100 in 2009. But since then, Alves has gone just 5-4 in nine bouts, including a failed attempt to cut down to lightweight in his last fight when he missed 155 by seven pounds. Now, he faces Patrick Cote, who is 3-1 in his last four but coming of a TKO loss to Donald Cerrone. If Alves is unable to beat Cote, it may be time for Alves to ride off into the sunset. Only five ranked fighters on main card. It’s crazy to look at, but only Cormier, Johnson, Weidman, Mousasi and Oliveira are ranked fighters heading into UFC 210. Now, most think Calvillo will be ranked shortly, but it speaks to a bit of the depth issues that fans have been concerned with on these pay-per-view card of late. If UFC wants fans to keep buying these cards, they need more ranked fighters on them. A letdown brewing? This will be UFC’s third pay-per-view event of the year. The first two did little to keep fans engaged throughout the card. Plus, both main events (Holly Holm vs. Germaine de Randamie and Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson) were brutal to watch. With a heavy striker like Rumble in the mix, the hope is he can provide some fireworks. Cormier even said early on in the leadup to this fight that he would stand and trade with him if necessary, but nobody believes him. The smart way for Cormier to win is to make this a boring fight to watch, which would lead to more criticism of UFC’s new management and match-making coordination.
Right from the start, a candidate who wants to become a Space Marine must undergo a harsh and brutal series of tests designed to weed out the weak and infirm. This is identical to my own difficult life, where I needed to catch the bus to the Games Workshop store and the bus would sometimes be late. Also there was that one time I needed $60 to buy a new unit of Marines but I only had $50 and the manager wouldn’t let me have it no matter how I complained. This is something women could not possibly understand.
Texas A&M plays a wide-open spread passing offense much like the offense Chad Hansen operated in at Cal-Berkeley. Unlike his Cal counterpart, Reynolds wasn’t the target hog of the Aggies’ offense in 2016, drawing a target on 26 percent of his charted routes. Reynolds only caught a pass on 14.7 percent of his patterns, the second-lowest rate among 2017 draft prospects with only Josh Malone’s 13.1 percent trailing him.
One of the issues sure to stick with other analysts, though they tend to be overstated in general, is his propensity for drops. Reynolds checked in with a 9.4 drop rate in his sampled games, one of three highest in this class. Drops are often overweighed by fans because the negative effect they have on us tends to overwhelm our perspective and casts a shadow over positive traits. On the other hand, spectacular catches can have the inverse effect and cause us to extrapolate those high moments to the rest of our takeaways.
Before digging into his route running, it’s important to note the attributes that most often draw analyst’s affection. Simply put: Josh Reynolds makes some of the most spectacular catches among the wide receiver prospects in this draft. His highlight clips and cutups are littered with impressive, leap-driven catches where Reynolds plucks the ball with strong hands in midair. Yet, in the inverse effect of the overpowering negative visceral reaction to drops, observing a few of those awe-inspiring catches can leave a stamp of positive reaction that’s tough to wash away.
Given some of the sterling catches he makes in the air, it was disappointing to see Reynolds check in with a 64.3 percent contested catch conversion rate in Reception Perception. Now, for context, that’s far from a poor score. It is above the two-year prospect average. However, it falls just above the 58th percentile. Reynolds is certainly capable of winning this brand of difficult reception, but his ability in the air is far from a dominant trait on the level of a Chris Godwin, and even falls below some smaller receivers like Carlos Henderson or Taywan Taylor.
In this area, Reynolds compared to a similarly built current NFL player in Marvin Jones. During his final season with the Bengals, Jones broke a single tackle on 62.5 percent of his in space attempts and multiple tackles on 12.5 percent. Of course, Jones still holds the Reception Perception record with a 90 percent contested catch conversion rate from that 2015 campaign. Should Reynolds soon hone that skill in the air as Jones has, he could enjoy a similar career to the now Lions wideout. He certainly has the potential route-running acumen to do so.
With verifiable strengths in the air in the contested catch game and more notably on the ground after the catch, Reynolds has abilities to lean on while he marinates in the technical portions of the wide receiver craft. Of all the developmental receivers who need to overcome limitations brought on by their college role, take Josh Reynolds as the one to see his ability shine through over his assignment. The ceiling might not be tremendous in his future outlook, with a lack of spectacular scores across the board, but don’t be surprised if by 2019 or earlier, Reynolds is competing for or locked down a prominent complementary spot in a passing game.
It begins, of course, with a musical number – Steven Spielberg directing his future bride Kate Capshaw in a lavish Shanghai floorshow production of Cole Porter’s Anything Goes that opens with the striking of a massive gong (a hat-tip to Rank Films’ famous logo). Then it becomes a tense showdown over a lazy susan as Indy, wearing a white tux and in full Bond mode, negotiates for a diamond from gangster Lao Che in exchange for the ashes of the first Manchu dynasty emperor Nurhaci. Then Indy gets poisoned, balloons drop, and the diamond gets lost in a spilled bucket of ice and it’s a total free-for-all that results in a high-speed chase down the streets of Shanghai and onto an airplane – an airplane that is piloted by a Lao Che goon and drops Indy and company over the Himalayas, leaving them to slide down the side of a mountain and off a cliff on an inflatable raft. You barely get a chance to catch your breath.
Flying slightly under the radar when it came out in 2007, Michael Davis’ woefully underrated action parody “Shoot ‘Em Up” is the kind of movie you either love or hate, depending on how serious you think Davis takes himself. Though it seems pretty clear from the outset that Davis is having fun; anyone who opens his movie with the protagonist (a stone-faced Clive Owen) delivering a baby in the middle of a shoot-out and severing the umbilical chord with a bullet clearly has a sense of humor. The ridiculous action sequences stand out even more in opposition to the seriousness of the characters, namely Owen as a drifter caught up in an outlandish baby-farming ring who goes by the name Smith, Paul Giamatti as a criminal overlord for the ages, and Monica Bellucci as a drippingly sensuous femme fatale.
"J-Nance had a big day," quarterback Ty Storey said. "I know he caught one, I think it was in a team blitz pickup [period]. He caught a big touchdown there. Then he caught a fade ball in the back of the end zone, so it was a good day for J-Nance."
The late April news was impressive and divisive: Google would spend €150 million on a new Digital News Initiative (DNI) partnership with European news publishers (“Google to launch $150 million partnership with publishers”). The amount of money caught the eye, even if it was a tiny fraction of Google’s $14.4 billion profit in 2014. Still, to newspaper publishers now counting every dime, it appeared to be a significant pot of funds. What kind of initiatives might be included in such a “partnership”? Given all the damage, most of it collateral, done to the news industry by digital disruption over many years, was there anything that could be done now to reverse the seemingly permanent spiral downward?
Manafort’s work for Yanukovych caught the attention of a veteran Democratic operative named Alexandra Chalupa, who had worked in the White House Office of Public Liaison during the Clinton administration. Chalupa went on to work as a staffer, then as a consultant, for Democratic National Committee. The DNC paid her $412,000 from 2004 to June 2016, according to Federal Election Commission records, though she also was paid by other clients during that time, including Democratic campaigns and the DNC’s arm for engaging expatriate Democrats around the world.
Manafort denied receiving any off-books cash from Yanukovych’s Party of Regions, and said that he had never been contacted about the ledger by Ukrainian or American investigators, later telling POLITICO “I was just caught in the crossfire.”
Someone said on Twitter that we write about booze too much so here’s another way to catch a buzz. You know vibrators? Those formerly embarrassing personal massagers that you can now just wear as a necklace or toss into your basket at Walgreens, no prob? Trojan wants everyone to think they’re household appliances like electric toothbrushes (which you can now use to actually brush your teeth), so the company is giving away 10,000 vibrators at two specially marked hot dog stands parked in as-yet-unannounced locations in Manhattan, according to The Times. One model, the TriPhoria, is pictured above. The other model, the Pulse, is after the jump. Follow Trojan Vibrations on Facebook (at your own peril) to find the giveaway locations tomorrow TODAY and Thursday. UPDATE: Trojan just announced the locations for today (Weds): Meatpacking (teehee) — 14th Street and 10th Avenue; East Village – 3rd Avenue between 12th and 14th St; Flatiron – 5th Avenue between 23rd and 22nd Streets; Financial District – Pearl and Broad Streets.
Membership update: I put a batch of membership cards in the mail on Saturday (including Mike O’Connor’s early-2000s Blue Jays treatment, shown at right), so recent enrollees should watch their mailboxes. This makes us fully caught up on membership orders.
Nelson’s production has slipped this season, and even the return of quarterback Aaron Rodgers from his broken collarbone for the Panthers game didn’t jump-start the receiver. Nelson was leading the league with six touchdown receptions when Rodgers got hurt in Week 6 but hasn’t caught one since. He has 53 catches (his fewest since 2010) for 482 yards (his fewest since 2009). Nelson has one year left on his contract and is scheduled to make $10.25 million in salary and bonuses next season.
The Packers might have to consider cutting Nelson or asking him to take a pay cut if they re-sign Adams, who would be a free agent in March if a new deal isn’t worked out by then. Adams has a team-high 74 catches for 885 yards and 10 touchdowns. The 25-year-old’s production didn’t change much with Brett Hundley at quarterback. Of Adams’ 10 touchdowns, five came from Rodgers and five from Hundley.
Without Adams or Nelson, expect rookie Michael Clark to see more action. The 6-foot-6 former college basketball player caught three passes for 36 yards on Saturday against the Vikings in his first career snaps in a regular-season game.
“Books,” Morgenes said grandly, leaning back on his precarious stool, “-books are magic. That is the simple answer. And books are traps as well.” “Magic? Traps?” “Books are a form of magic-” the doctor lifted the volume he had just laid on the stack, “- because they span time and distance more surely than any spell or charm. What did so-and-so think about such-and-such two hundred years agone? Can you fly back through the ages and ask him? No, or at least, probably not. “But, ah, if he wrote down his thoughts, if somewhere there exists a scroll or a book of his logical discourses…he speaks to you! Across centuries! And if you wish to visit far Nascandu or lost Kkandia, you have also but to open a book…” “Yes, yes, I suppose I understand all that.” Simon did not try to hide his disappointment. This was not what he had meant by the word magic. “What about traps, the? Why traps?” Morgenes leaned forward, waggling the leather-bound volume under Simon’s nose. “A piece of writing is a trap,” he said cheerily, “and the best kind. A book you see is the only kind of trap that keeps its captive – which is knowledge – alive forever. The more books you have,” the doctor waved an all-encompassing hand around the room, “the more traps, then the better the chance of capturing some particular elusive, shining beast – one that might otherwise die unseen.” Morganes finished with a grand flourish, dropping the book back on the pile with a loud thump. A tiny cloud of dust leaped up, the flecks milling in the banded sunlight leaking past the window bars. Simon stared at the shimmering dust for a moment, collecting his thoughts. Following the doctor’s words was like trying to catch mice while wearing mittens. “But what about real magic?” he said at last, a stubborn crease between his brows. “Magic like they say Pryrates does up in the tower?” For a brief instant a look of anger – or was it fear – crossed the Doctor’s face. “No, Simon,” he said quietly. “Do not throw Pryrates up at me. He is a dangerous, foolish man.”(pg 93)
Through the breaks in the low overcast, Admiral Ito caught glimpses of the enemy. He could see the American reconnaissance planes flitting in and out of the clouds, tracking his task force. As Ito turned the Yamato task force southwestward, racing toward Okinawa, the weather turned increasingly sour. Veils of light rain were descending like curtains from the clouds to the sea.
Admiral Deyo had just received a cheery send-off from his immediate boss: “We hope you will bring back a nice fish for breakfast.” Deyo was in the act of scribbling his reply when he was interrupted by an incoming report. Mitscher’s planes had just found the Japanese fleet. Deyo tried to swallow his disappointment. He finished the message with, “…if the pelicans haven’t caught them all.” Deyo had been around the navy long enough to know that some things never changed; given the chance, the damned “airedales” would steal the glory.
It was later theorized that Yamato’s 90-degree list caused the shells for its main batteries to slide in their magazine, hitting their fuses and exploding. The eruption sent thousands of pieces of shrapnel into the air, and the rain of debris killed most of the unlucky sailors swimming on the surface. The underwater concussion killed those near the submerged main deck. Swimmers unfortunate enough to be near Yamato’s raked smokestack were caught in the massive suction created by the huge open funnel as the ship went under.
Set the carboy on a sturdy table and the 12 two-liter bottles on the floor, with newspaper underneath to catch drips or overflows. Using a funnel, put two level teaspoons of sugar in each bottle.
Soon Captain Bui and his crew head back with their catch to Ly Son Island, just off Vietnam's coast.
But really, the inflated cost is a minor point, though it fits right in with the narrative about overpaid, under-qualified political cronies populating the McCrory administration. The problem, as usual, is the optics. This administration has poor mouthed since they arrived in Raleigh. They don’t have enough money for teacher raises They don’t have enough for universities and community colleges. They tried not to have enough money for pregnant women, infants and small children but Art Pope was smart enough to head that one off before it caught fire.
Justice Stephen Breyer takes up a lot of these points in his dissent, most notably, the majority's laughably narrow definition of what political corruption actually is -- that political corruption exists only if you buy a specific result from a specific legislator. But it hardly matters. The five-vote majority in favor of virtually unlimited corporate and individual spending in our elections is a rock solid one. Four days after almost every Republican candidate danced the hootchie-koo in Vegas to try and gain the support of a single, skeevy casino gazillionnaire, the majority tells us that there is no "appearance of corruption" in this unless somebody gets caught putting a slot machine in the Lincoln Bedroom on behalf of Sheldon Adelson. Money talks. Big money repeats itself, over and over, age after age.
Today, life here is as rhythmic as the sea, the tides marked by three-hour lunches (pranzo) and "La Passeggiata,” an evening pre-dinner stroll through town to catch up with friends and to strut your sprezzatura — the Italian art of studied effortlessness.
The agency also released other illegal immigrants caught near the border after issuing notices for them to appear for immigration court hearings. But a large percentage of them never appeared for those hearings.
Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, said she believes a lack of detention space plays a role in some cases. So, too, does a 2015 ruling by a federal judge in California ordering the release of minors and their mothers who had been caught crossing the border without permission, she said.
At an EU summit this week, the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi, is expected to raise the issue with other leaders, urging them to make a “significant investment” in the bloc’s border control agency, Frontex. Since October, in the aftermath of two disasters in which around 400 people died at sea, the Italian navy has been carrying out a €9m-a-month (£7.2m) operation in the Mediterranean aimed at intercepting rickety migrant boats before they get into trouble. Mare Nostrum (“Our Sea”) is credited by the Italian government and NGOs on the ground with having saved countless lives. But Rome is determined that it should not continue to shoulder the burden alone. On Tuesday, Renzi told parliament: “A Europe that tells the Calabrian fisherman that he must use a certain technique to catch tuna but then turns its back when there are dead bodies in the sea cannot call itself civilised.”
"In his mind he's caught something and he's bringing it home to share," she said.
Twins manager Paul Molitor called it "an exciting start," though he had been taken aback by Dozier's strategy. He was happy to see that it worked out. "I told Doz when he scored that it was the first time he led off a game with a bunt all year," he said to MLB.com's Rhett Bollinger. "It kind of caught me by surprise. They threw it away and it ended up in no-man's land and he circled the bases."
def scrollFetch(client: Client, query: QueryBuilder, indexName: String, outputFileUrl: String, scrollSize: Int = 10, scrollKeepAlive: String = "10m"): Int = { var scrollResp = client.prepareSearch(indexName).setSearchType(SearchType.SCAN). setScroll(scrollKeepAlive).setQuery(query).setSize(scrollSize).execute().actionGet() val totalCount = scrollResp.getHits.getTotalHits log.info("totalhits " + totalCount) var successCount = 0 if (totalCount > 0) { val outputFile = new File(outputFileUrl) val outputFileName = outputFile.getAbsolutePath val outputStream = new FileOutputStream(outputFile) val outputWriter = new OutputStreamWriter(outputStream) @tailrec def fetch() { scrollResp = client.prepareSearchScroll(scrollResp.getScrollId()).setScroll(new TimeValue(60000)).execute().actionGet() log.info("scroll length " + scrollResp.getHits.getHits.length) if (scrollResp.getHits.getHits.length == 0) { try { client.prepareClearScroll().addScrollId(scrollResp.getScrollId).execute().actionGet() return } catch { case ex: Throwable => log.error("we can't more scroll due to " + ex) return } } else { successCount = writeDataOnLocalFile(scrollResp.getHits.getHits, outputWriter, successCount, outputFileName) fetch() } } fetch() outputWriter.flush() outputWriter.close() successCount } else successCount }
""" outputWriter.write(writableDoc) successCountModified += 1 } catch { case ex: IOException => log.error(s"can't write to the file ${outputFileName} due to ${ex}") badWriter = true } } } successCountModified }
package com.es.narayan import java.io.OutputStreamWriter import org.elasticsearch.search.SearchHit import java.io.FileOutputStream import org.elasticsearch.action.search.SearchType import scala.annotation.tailrec import java.io.IOException import org.elasticsearch.common.unit.TimeValue import org.elasticsearch.index.query.QueryBuilder import java.io.File import org.elasticsearch.client.Client import org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.delete.DeleteIndexRequest import scala.io.Source import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory /** * @author narayan * */ trait ESScrollApi { val log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(this.getClass) /** * This is scrollFetch method which provides pagination over selected data * * @param client * @param query * @param indexName * @param outputFileUrl * @param scrollSize * @param scrollKeepAlive * @return */ def scrollFetch(client: Client, query: QueryBuilder, indexName: String, outputFileUrl: String, scrollSize: Int = 10, scrollKeepAlive: String = "10m"): Int = { var scrollResp = client.prepareSearch(indexName).setSearchType(SearchType.SCAN). setScroll(scrollKeepAlive).setQuery(query).setSize(scrollSize).execute().actionGet() val totalCount = scrollResp.getHits.getTotalHits log.info("totalhits " + totalCount) var successCount = 0 if (totalCount > 0) { val outputFile = new File(outputFileUrl) val outputFileName = outputFile.getAbsolutePath val outputStream = new FileOutputStream(outputFile) val outputWriter = new OutputStreamWriter(outputStream) @tailrec def fetch() { scrollResp = client.prepareSearchScroll(scrollResp.getScrollId()).setScroll(new TimeValue(60000)).execute().actionGet() log.info("scroll length " + scrollResp.getHits.getHits.length) if (scrollResp.getHits.getHits.length == 0) { try { client.prepareClearScroll().addScrollId(scrollResp.getScrollId).execute().actionGet() return } catch { case ex: Throwable => log.error("we can't more scroll due to " + ex) return } } else { successCount = writeDataOnLocalFile(scrollResp.getHits.getHits, outputWriter, successCount, outputFileName) fetch() } } fetch() outputWriter.flush() outputWriter.close() successCount } else successCount } /** * writeDataOnLocalFile is private method which is used for write page data into local file * * @param searchHit * @param outputWriter * @param successCount * @param outputFileName * @return */ private def writeDataOnLocalFile(searchHit: Array[SearchHit], outputWriter: OutputStreamWriter, successCount: Int, outputFileName: String): Int = { var successCountModified = successCount var badWriter = false for (oneHit <- searchHit) { if (!badWriter) { try { val docId = oneHit.getId val dataSource = oneHit.getSourceAsString val writableDoc = s"""{"_id":${docId},"_source":${dataSource}}
""" outputWriter.write(writableDoc) successCountModified += 1 } catch { case ex: IOException => log.error(s"can't write to the file ${outputFileName} due to ${ex}") badWriter = true } } } successCountModified } /** * This is insertBulkDoc method which is used for read data from file and write into ES index * * @param client */ def insertBulkDoc(client: Client) { val sourceBuffer = Source.fromFile("src/main/resources/inputJson.json") val bulkJson = sourceBuffer.getLines().toList val bulkRequest = client.prepareBulk() for (i <- 0 until bulkJson.size) { bulkRequest.add(client.prepareIndex("gnip_index", "twitter", s"${i + 1}").setSource(bulkJson(i))) } bulkRequest.execute().actionGet() sourceBuffer.close() } /** * deleteIndex method is used for delete index from ES node * * @param client * @param indexName */ def deleteIndex(client: Client, indexName: String) { val deleteIndexRequest = new DeleteIndexRequest(indexName) val deleteResponse = client.admin().indices().delete(deleteIndexRequest).actionGet() if (deleteResponse.isAcknowledged()) log.info("index is successfully deleted") else log.warn("index is not deleted ") } }
Question: What kind of dumbass packs a freaking grenade in his carry-on ... and accidentally tries to take it onto a plane? Answer:singer. And he shut down an Oklahoma City airport in the process.The grenade wasn't live -- thankfully -- but according to the police report, Coyne still accidentally packed it in his bag on November 10th and triggered an alarm at the TSA checkpoint at Will Rogers airport ... like a dumbass.Needless to say, TSA freaked ... and shut down the terminal while officers frantically tried to figure out how to handle the situation.And how's this for hilarious -- according to the police report, the TSA ran around like a chicken with its head cut off ... because it didn't have any "bomb guys" on duty. (Editor's note: isn't that the whole point of TSA?)According to reports, Coyne was flying to LAX to catch a preview of the new Flaming Lips musical "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots" -- and told police he was given the dead grenade at a party as a joke.Shocker, the grenade reportedly resulted in several missed flights ... and lots of wasted money -- but once TSA determined it was harmless, they let Coyne go.Coyne tweeted following the incident to make up for the SNAFU, writing, "Sorry Sorry Sorry!! Everyone that was inconvenienced by my grenade at OKC airport."Thanks to thelostogle.com for the pic.
is an anthropological fantasy epic; a story following a member of a nomadic culture caught in the midst of a clash of cultures. It was started in July 2010 and is updated a few times a week. Winner of the 2014 Ignatz Award for Best Online Comic, and the 2013 Stumptown Comic Arts Award for best webcomic. Follow along via Tumblr Facebook , or RSS
It’s going to take a lot for the business to catch up to where the audience is, in the same way it takes a while for the church and the laws to catch up to where the people are.
After his father was killed during the Peninsular War in a cavalry action near Albuera on 1 July 1812,[4] Mrs Ellis, in receipt of an allowance of £30 from His Majesty's Royal Bounty in recognition of her husband's service,[5] decided to move to Rugby, Warwickshire, so that William and his elder brother, Thomas, would receive an education at Rugby School with no cost as a local foundationer (i.e. a pupil living within a radius of 10 miles of the Rugby Clock Tower). He attended the school in Town House from 1816 to 1825 and was recorded as being a good scholar and cricketer, although it was noted that he was "rather inclined to take unfair advantage at cricket". The incident in which William Webb Ellis supposedly caught the ball in his arms during a football match (which was allowed) and ran with it (which was not) is supposed to have happened in the latter half of 1823.
"A boy of the name Ellis – William Webb Ellis – a town boy and a foundationer, ... whilst playing Bigside at football in that half-year [1823], caught the ball in his arms. This being so, according to the then rules, he ought to have retired back as far as he pleased, without parting with the ball, for the combatants on the opposite side could only advance to the spot where he had caught the ball, and were unable to rush forward till he had either punted it or had placed it for some one else to kick, for it was by means of these placed kicks that most of the goals were in those days kicked, but the moment the ball touched the ground the opposite side might rush on. Ellis, for the first time, disregarded this rule, and on catching the ball, instead of retiring backwards, rushed forwards with the ball in his hands towards the opposite goal, with what result as to the game I know not, neither do I know how this infringement of a well-known rule was followed up, or when it became, as it is now, a standing rule."
A. Close Zune program before executing Update.bat. Otherwise, Update.bat only copies the old Zune backups to C:\PreMangoState and doesn't touch the phone at all (because Zune already own the connection to the phone). One warning message scrolls by too fast for anyone to catch this problem.
Jane said she wanted to work for the company's media team but was told the customer service rep position was a good way to break into the business, learn essential skills, and transition across departments. However, the reality of living and working in one of the most expensive cities in the country soon caught up with her. Even though she rented an apartment 30 miles away from the company's downtown offices, she struggled to afford her rent, making just $12.25 an hour — or $8.15 after tax. She also had to factor in more than $200 per month in transportation fees, since she was taking the train to work. She had also planned to find a co-worker to room with her, she said, but quickly discovered many of them were either living at home or otherwise unable to afford the rent.
An aging ex-con who deliberately got caught robbing a bank so he could go back to prison should have his wish fulfilled, federal prosecutors say.
Just as facial recognition technology raises serious privacy concerns, people should be wary of tattoo recognition technology’s invasiveness. Not only can it identify everyday people caught on camera while going about their business, it could eventually lead to tracking people using their tattoos.
The idea here is that sometimes only a portion of a tattoo is caught on surveillance; is that enough to identify someone if police have the whole tattoo on file? This technology would also help police match a tattoo, even if the person subsequently added more to the design.
The ruse to get Ronald’s DNA was authorized by a warrant, as was the use of hidden video cameras in the basement, where Gill was caught on tape twice looking at a bloodstained weightlifting bar before he concealed it in his jacket, only to later dump it outside.
The radiator in my room pumped out heat like a blast furnace. I honestly worried the drapes would catch fire. It had no knobs. To combat this swelter, I left all the windows in the room open at all hours. Another thing that drove the maid insane.
On my way to the Barn, I found that the pond had been closed in order to protect its fish inhabitants. Fortunately, even though cooling off wasn’t an option, the festival goers were still ready to unleash a reserve of tremendous energy. I walked into the stable to catch Slugging Percentage delivering their baseball and depression themed songs, not on the stage, but within a circle of pogoing fans.
After a much needed dinner break, I caught a performance from Loone, another queercore whose identity was almost entirely shaped by the sheer personality of its front-woman. Guitarist/vocalist Noel’le Longhaul preformed the group’s dreamy post-folk punk tunes in a hypnotically rigid style; where every time she hit a major node or struck a guitar chord, it seemed like she was breaking out of the sheer discomfort of her own skin. This actually added to the power of group’s songs, which all explored this very same notion of trying to find comfort with your sense of self. What really surprised me, however, was when, talking to Longhaul after the show, I found out that I’d pegged the performance entirely wrong, and what I saw wasn’t discomfort, but rather a minor moment of transcendence.
Of course, that intensity was just a tiny sample of what was to come; next, they played “From Here to Utopia”. This may be one of my favorite songs of all time, and I don’t know whether it was the faster tempo brought by the drum set, the mandolin-esque twang that the guitars seemed to pick up when they played the keyboard section, or the constant chirping of the brass section, but they managed to make it pulse with an energy that felt living and tangible. The trumpeters managed to breathe creative little flourishes into small moments of the song, bringing about the sensibilities of a Dixieland marching band. Meanwhile, every time the song reached a point where Pat screamed his lyrics, I swear the volume of his mic and the crowd were at equal levels. I found myself so caught up in the moment, I thought it would be a good idea to try and photograph the band while in the process of jumping off the stage and crowd surfing (hence the sweat covered photo at the top of the page).
When officers finally caught up with a pair of teens responsible, they didn’t just charge them with a crime. They also seized their car, determining that it was used in the commission of a felony and making it a prime target for a growing law enforcement practice called “Civil Forfeiture.”
Many libraries across Canada have long been housed in historic brick or stone buildings, serving as a reminder of the institution's longevity across eras, even in spite of advancing technology that threatens the traditional library experience. It's important for a library to have a welcoming public face — something highly attractive on the outside will naturally invite users inside. While these preserved structures of yesteryear often catch the eyes of passersby, gleaming new libraries are popping up across the country too, challenging the lingering notion that libraries are an obsolete vestige of the past.
As a receiver, Davis was mostly used on checkdowns over the middle of the field. He caught four passes for 18 yards on five targets. The one incompletion came on a pass that seemed to be underthrown due to pressure. Beyond that play, Davis was reliable for Russell Wilson and he helped the offense stay on schedule.
Glass then decided to go to Fort Henry, about 400 miles back in the direction from which he'd come. He never floated downstream in frigid water (it would have killed him), but he did stop at a fort to ask after his two sworn enemies and to catch up on mountain man gossip. There was another Ree attack that he managed to survive. There was a stretch where he subsisted on more bison calf, but now, stronger, he simply walked into a vast herd, ran down a calf, killed it, cooked it and ate it.
Standing at the very edge of his property on the Bangladesh-India border, the 48-year-old Indian farmer is half a step away from illegally crossing into the Bangladeshi village of Chander Haat. But it’s not the possibility of getting caught trespassing by Bangladeshi border guards that worries him.
The third $5,000 is awarded to Petar Šegina, the creator of yet another native app, Teletonne. By the time our contest ended, Teletonne was less stable and functional than Bomogram (you could only view messages, not send them), but it is a great attempt at creating a native BB app nevertheless. If improved, it could catch up!
Maybe it was an honest mistake. Or maybe you thought you could slip in and out before your illegal parking job caught the attention of a passing bylaw officer. Either way, now you've been hit with a hefty fine.
Like Jahlil, Chucky lost his mother at an early age. She died from breast cancer when he was 18 months old. He was raised by his single father, a Nigerian immigrant. Chucky had been, in the words of one of his sisters, a “roughneck.” At 13, he was caught driving a car he and some other boys had stolen. Later, he hustled drugs. He bounced around to five high schools in three years, mostly because he kept getting expelled for fighting. At one point he lived in a group home for troubled kids.
When Jahlil was in junior high, Chucky would e-mail college coaches, telling them to put his son on their radar. But he didn’t get any traction until a DePaul assistant happened to catch one of Jahlil’s eighth-grade games. He reported what he saw to the university’s head coach at the time, Tracy Webster, who invited father and son to a game. “He was like, ‘Man, I’ll sign you right now,’ ” recalls Chucky. “I didn’t take it seriously. Then the next day it’s on ESPN: ‘DePaul makes offer to eight grader.’ Everybody started taking notice after that.”
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (CN) – A police officer made a woman take her pants off and assaulted her during a traffic stop, then ordered her to meet him again in an hour, she claims in Federal Court. She says she set up a sting with the police chief, who caught the officer in flagrante, and told him, “You stupid son of a bitch, what are you doing? Get up to the police station.”
Brazen armed robbery caught on video in Ravenswood: https://t.co/gkhREaT252 pic.twitter.com/b8fAMz9C1T — ABC 7 Chicago (@ABC7Chicago) January 22, 2016
Those were king until they made the ones that even offered to pay speeding tickets if you could prove you were using them when you got busted. So traffic cops resulted to relying heavily on actually getting behind you and watching their speedometer. I was NEVER caught this way. And I ALWAYS sped. What’s the point of investing in a stick shift Honda Prelude or an Acura Integra if you won’t speed? That’s like buying a submarine and using it as a sightseeing canoe.
A massive 14-pound lobster was caught during a fishing trip in Bermuda following a powerful category 4 hurricane that barreled through the region recently.
The lobster was caught “by accident” with a hook a line while the Sanctuary Marine Bermuda charter boat was out fishing for snapper, according to a Facebook post Saturday afternoon.
While appearing massive in size, the lobster is far from the bigger one ever caught; he Guinness Book of World Records lists a lobster weighing more than 44 pounds that was caught off of Nova Scotia, Canada, as the largest ever recorded, according to multiple reports.
Edelman played a huge part in New England’s 25-point comeback win in Super Bowl LI, coming up with that big catch in the fourth quarter that kept the ball moving for the Patriots. He finished the game with five receptions for 87 yards.
North Korea is so paranoid about its citizens accessing the internet that merely owning a computer requires permission from local government authorities, and all personal computers are registered with the police as if they were shotguns. Private ownership of fax machines is banned outright, and sending a single fax requires high-level authorization. Meanwhile, pirated DVDs of South Korean TV dramas are so illegal that North Koreans caught with them in regular police sweeps can be sentenced to years in labor camps. So you can imagine how tightly restricted internet access would be in the Hermit Kingdom.
We are very surprised this is even an issue, since we took great pains to point out in our paper that the *effective* diffusivity values we used in the model are meant to represent *all* modes of vertical mixing, not just diffusivity per se. If the authors read our paper, they should know this. And why did the reviewers not catch this basic oversight? Did the reviewers even read our paper to see whether Abraham et al. were misrepresenting what it claimed? Again, the *effective* diffusivity is meant to represent all modes of vertical heat transport (this is also related to point #8, below). All the model requires is a way to distribute heat vertically, and a diffusion-type operator is one convenient method for doing that.
Again, there is no advection in the global average ocean. The authors should know this, and so should the reviewers of their paper. Our *effective* diffusivity, as we state in the paper, is meant to represent all processes that cause vertical mixing of heat in the ocean, including formation of cold deep water at high latitudes. Why did neither the authors nor the reviewers of the paper not catch this basic oversight? Again, we wonder how closely anyone read our paper.
According to several studies, criterion for addiction includes: unsuccessful attempts to quit, persistent desire and craving, continued use despite knowledge of harm to oneself and others, and taking the drug to avoid or relieve withdrawal. Withdrawal symptoms after chronic use include the need to catch up on lost sleep. Genuine physical dependence does not occur, but repeated continuous use results in extreme exhaustion and depression, which can be self-awareness and confidence during use result in a loss of self-criticism, which in some cases can lead to psychological dependence. An abuser can build up a high tolerance with increased dependence, leading to an increase in dosage.
Had a chance to catch up with Jaromir Jag after his team's 18-16 win in the KHL All-Star Game on Saturday, in which Jagr netted a hat trick.
Prosecutors said Shriver was caught before he could begin working at the Central Intelligence Agency and that he never was close to getting access to classified information.
As the violence of Fort Carson soldiers shows, the Army doesn't only have blood on its hands for the civilians injured and murdered in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is responsible for the deaths and ruined lives of soldiers driven past the breaking point--and civilians back at home unlucky enough to be caught in the crossfire.
Much like a good trial attorney, you need to think ahead and consider the audience of your analysis and the questions they might ask. Preparing appropriately for those will lend to the credibility of your work. No one likes to hear "I'm not sure, I didn't look at that" and you don't want to be caught flat-footed.
But beyond #FergusonOctober, any person who has ever lived in a college football town knows exactly what Saturday nights after big games are like. My first academic job was in a college football town. When I arrived, my students instructed me of survival protocol for home games: “Get your food on Thursday night. When you go in the house on Friday evening, don’t come back out till Sunday.” Less a set of racial instructions, these were more pragmatic tips so that I didn’t find myself caught in the middle of town in a traffic jam caused by drunken revelers. Drunken white revelers.
For a long time, having an education did correlate poorly with a woman’s chance of marrying. “It truly used to be good advice for a woman to ‘play dumb’ to catch a man. Not anymore. Women used to be attracted to older, powerful men who earned more money than they did. That is no longer the case,” Coontz wrote in “Marriage, a History.” “Yet many people still plan their personal lives and policy makers still draw up social policies on the basis of these and other outmoded assumptions.”
Scientific know­ledge is constantly up­dated through peer-reviewed journals and at science conven­tions throughout the world. Through this process errors are eventually caught and weeded out. Disagreements in science, although acrimonious at times, are usually resolved by more observations and experiments. Though much in science is now firmly established, no theories are beyond the possibility of revision in the light of new evidence.
In 2001, he invited me to Caltech, where he was a visiting professor. I felt like a graduate student again. Every morning I would walk into the department, I’d go to see Witten, and we’d talk for an hour or so. He’d give me my homework. I’d go away and spend the next 23 hours trying to catch up. Meanwhile, he’d go off and do half a dozen other things. We had a very intense collaboration. It was an incredible experience because it was like working with a brilliant supervisor. I mean, he knew all the answers before I got them. If we ever argued, he was right and I was wrong. It was embarrassing!
The fact that certain words are still bleeped out on the radio strikes me as a sort of historical oversight. It seems like one of those practices that should have been ended by previous generations, like prohibitions on sending birth control information through the federal mail, or the obligatory depiction of married couples as sleeping in separate beds on network television. The Baby Boomers probably intended to deal with radio censorship, but then they got caught up with Vietnam, and then Watergate, and then Star Wars came out, and before you knew it it was the 80s and nobody was into social liberalization anymore. Long story short—it's 2013 and you still can't say "fuck" on the airwaves without getting fined by the Federal Communications Commission.
Her husband, 54, was given the all-clear in October and Mrs Cook said it was lucky his cancer was caught in plenty of time.
Cook supplied 40 rushing yards on the first series of the game, a touchdown drive for FSU. His 45-yard catch led to a field goal a few minutes later. He didn't account for much on the Seminoles' next two scoring drives as the Wolverines did a great job bottling him up, but when the game got close late, Cook reappeared -- twice.
Leading Russian steel producer Severstal signed a cooperation agreement this month with the Federal Narcotics Service to help battle substance abuse at its factories. Severstal's press office reported that 21 people were caught high on drugs in the first eight months of the year.
6. Use throw in the IO monad It’s not called throwDyn and catchDyn anymore (unless you import Control.OldException ), just throw and catch . You don’t even need a Typeable instance; just a trivial Exception instance. I highly recommend this method for unchecked exception handling in IO: despite the mutation of these libraries over time, the designers of Haskell and GHC’s maintainers have put a lot of thought into how this exceptions should work, and they have broad applicability, from normal synchronous exception handling to asynchronous exception handling, which is very nifty. There are a load of bracketing, masking and other functions which you simply cannot do if you’re passing Eithers around. Make sure you do use throwIO and not throw if you are in the IO monad, since the former guarantees ordering; the latter, not necessarily.
7. Use ioError and catch No reason to use this, it’s around for hysterical raisins.
9. Checked exceptions Pepe Iborra wrote a nifty checked exceptions library which allows you to explicitly say what Control.Exception style exceptions a piece of code may throw. I’ve never used it before, but it’s gratifying to know that Haskell’s type system can be (ab)used in this way. Check it out if you don’t like the fact that it’s hard to tell if you caught all the exceptions you care about.
They were caught together in bed in March by vigilantes who burst into the boarding house where they were staying in provincial capital Banda Aceh.
Backers have put in over a million bucks for this robot to deliver high-tech voice recognition, object handling, and features similar to your personal computer, but it’s ability to fulfill its promises aren’t looking so good. Alpha 2 was demoed at CES 2016 during a CNET interview, and it pretty much failed at performing the promised features: voice recognition, dancing, and basic motor skills. The whole thing was caught on tape, and it’s pretty hard to watch without cringing into a raisin. Warning. Awkwardness ensues.
When is the last time you thought of something you were grateful for? Often times we get caught up in what isn’t exactly perfect in our lives and forget to be thankful for what is going right.
Measured in terms of guilt, exhaustion, fear (yes, I do mean fear - fear that the creche catches fire, or the au pair gets involved in a long phone conversation and the two-year-old wanders out into the road), well, it doesn't get much pricier than that.
How much time has passed between the final scene of Season One and Season Two? Where is Clementine when we catch up with her again?
Josh Hamilton made a running over-the-shoulder catch in left field as he went to his knees and crashed into the wall. The Texas slugger had arthroscopic surgery to clean up the meniscus in his left knee Sept. 11. It was his third game in the outfield since surgery.
I'm sure I'm supposed to tell you how sad it is that it won't open as high as the first film, but I won't. The original isn't exactly a family classic. There are no real "added value elements," no kid-friendly celebrity like Ariana Grande showing up as a darker and scarier villain who planned to get caught and makes the kids and adults question the moral simplicity of the first film ("Look out behind you, Harry Connick, Jr.! Noooooooo!") to make the sequel stand out. The fact that it will open pretty close to the original while costing the same counts as a win in my book. I'll be seeing this with the whole family on Sunday, despite not having seen the first one. If anyone wants to catch me up on what I'm sure is an incredibly complicated web of world-building established in the first Dolphin Tale, that's what the comments section is for.
Russell and Colin caught a quick break on set alongside EA’s Sandy Sandoval.
"I hit a tee shot that bounced into the hazard and there was three or four balls down on the tide," Bettencourt said. "The tide was out on the beach, so we made our way down the hill there and his left heel caught a piece of moss on the rock. And I tried to grab him, was a couple inches away and the next thing I know, I mean, he hit his head twice on the rock. He just bounced."
Richard Hansen, from Buffalo Narrows, was convicted of unlawful outfitting, unlawful marketing of fish caught by subsistence fishing, providing subsistence fish to someone other than a family member and unlawfully setting a gill net. He was fined $18,510.
Maurice Billette, from Dillion, was fined $11,200 for unlawfully marketing fish caught by subsistence fishing.
Danny Billette, also from Dillion, was handed a $1,750 fine for unlawfully marketing fish caught by subsistence fishing.
Back with a newfound fire, the group—also including guitarist Ryan Mendez and bassist Josh Portman—crafted Lift A Sail, their boldest, most exploratory work to date, fusing their familiar West Coast-inspired pop-punk with a wide palette of previously unused textures including heavy splashes of ’90s alt rock and electronica. Intrigued, we caught up with Key to find out how Yellowcard arrived at their radical new sound.
As we slid under the last bridge before the exit, Oakley lost his footing and somersaulted frontwards into the water. It was the best thing ever, and I so wish someone caught it on film.
When it came to drama, intrigue and occasional comedy, there was little to beat the early Olympic marathons. The event was created for the first modern Games in 1896, and its habit for creating scandal and legend, which was to reach its apogee that warm summer’s day in London, had been immediately evident – the third-placed finisher in Athens, Spyridon Belokas, was disqualified for travelling part of the course by carriage. In Paris four years later the course markings were so poor that confused athletes could be seen running randomly through most of central Paris; American Arthur Newton finished fifth but insisted that nobody had overtaken him all day, while his compatriot Richard Grant said he had been deliberately run over by a cyclist as he was about to catch up with the leaders. In a blow to fans of nominative determinism an athlete called Champion came second, and one named Fast finished third.
Conan Doyle is strangely moved by the Italian’s bravery. “It is horrible, and yet fascinating, this struggle between a set purpose and an utterly exhausted frame,” he wrote. Pietri’s penultimate fall took place a few yards from his seat. “Amid stooping figures and grasping hands I caught a glimpse of the haggard, yellow face, the glazed, expressionless eyes, the long, black hair streaked across the bow. Surely he is done now. He cannot rise again.”
News of the start at Windsor came to swarms of Londoners as they took their way to Paddington and Baker-street Stations to catch the race on the outskirts. The Prince of Wales had fired the electric gun, and the Crown Prince of Sweden had started off the field of 55 runners, these including the Canadian Indian Longboat, whose entry had been so severely opposed. Duncan, the Salford Harrier, who was favourite for the cup, had got off easily, and the running was being made by Clarke and Lord. All the places on the route where the train touched were buzzing with people. The City must have been half empty, the City man and his clerk were here in their tens of thousands, and there were huge clusters of Americans and foreigners with flags to betray them. There were few Frenchman for the nation was not competing. The heat seemed to be getting worse after two o’clock, and it was felt that whatever might be done no records would be broken near the half way post .... A programme somewhat deficient in interest had been arranged to occupy the earlier part of the afternoon at the Stadium before the Marathon race was timed to finish. The crowd, estimated at 70,000 at least, bore it in great patience, and even raised a little interest in high diving and pole jumping. But it was evident that the idea of a thrilling finish to the great race had caught the popular imagination. The heat of the blazing summer day had brought colour to the tiers of seats surrounding the arena. On the sunny side were rows of sunshades of every conceivable hue, and one could not help contrasting the scene with that of last week, when a handful of spectators had herded together under dripping umbrellas. Now they waved fans improvised from newspapers, and seemed uncomfortably hot at that.
Five times in all did Dorando collapse in the short quarter of a mile that lay between the gate and home; and at the last, as he lay on the ground, only twenty-five yards to the tape, Hayes, the American, entered the course. Overcome as he was, the Italian seemed to understand the importance of the news; he staggered once more to his feet and was half carried, half propelled, to the finish, where he collapsed utterly. Hayes came along on his own legs, but did not arrive soon enough to catch the first cheer of the crowd, which spent the first of its enthusiasm on the Italian. And on the flagstaff the Italian flag fluttered, with the American just below it.
Other manual labor tasks carried out from the Tepochcalli would be community projects. These projects would mainly consist of cleaning areas, building walls, digging canals, and farming. From these projects students would work hard to complete tasks, and gain physical experience needed to engage in warfare. The students of this school would also be used to transport shields, food, military supplies, weapons, armor, and wood to warriors on the battlefield. The reason for forcing the students to be near the battlefield was to make them fearless of warfare. Students were under heavy surveillance at all times. If a student was caught leaving training their punishment would be severe. Often, they would be beaten and their hair removed. By removing their hair they would remove any sign of them being a warrior. Drinking pulque was prohibited; if caught, the student could be beaten to death. Relationships outside of the school were also prohibited; if a student was caught sleeping with a woman, they would be beaten to death.
Two others caught sniffing shabu were collared in Baragay San Jose in Rodriguez, Rizal. – Artemio Dumlao, Ric Sapnu, Ben Serrano, Celso Amo, Raymund Catindig, Non Alquitran, Ed Amoroso
They tell us, in story and in song, that the All-Father birthed 13 sons and daughters of his own hands. In the shadow of the Children, He created humanity in his likeness. But, we forgot both Him and the Children, as we got caught up in our own ways, the chaotic way of great Kingdoms, and the clink of coppers and silvers. Of course some part of us remembered them. The old temples, our calendar, the names we give our children--they all pay heritage to the Thirteen and to the All-Father.
Mr White said QE and easy money policies by the US Federal Reserve and its peers have had the effect of bringing spending forward from the future in what is known as "inter-temporal smoothing". It becomes a toxic addiction over time and ultimately loses traction. In the end, the future catches up with you. "By definition, this means you cannot spend the money tomorrow," he said.
On 21 February 2011, Maersk ordered a family of ten even larger ships from Daewoo, the Maersk Triple E class, with a capacity of 18,000 containers. A further ten ships were ordered in June 2011. The first was delivered in 2013.[29][30]
But is this true? Another possibility is that Democrats receive more votes than seats because so many of their voters reside in dense cities that Democratic candidates win with overwhelming majorities, while Republican voters are more evenly distributed across exurbs and the rural periphery. Perhaps even a nonpartisan redistricting process would still have delivered the House to the Republicans.
We want any of you who are considering sending some samples to Mirthful Mike to know that you have just as good a chance to get work with us, and to continue to work with us, as any other artist, regardless of gender, race, creed, or anything about the person you are. We’re interested in awesome illustrations, and if you can do that, and deliver them on deadline, then that’s what matters to us.
In any case, the Justice Department frequently deploys tough tactics with a larger goal in mind: securing the cooperation of insiders who can guide authorities through a complex investigation and help deliver bigger targets.
The White House is also proposing to shift the way it delivers some foreign aid programs, replacing grants with loans that must be repaid.
Adcock said he spoke with coach Justin Leppitsch about two weeks before the end of the season and was delivered the news he would not be at the club in 2016.
What is in the bill: The Small Business Jobs Act authorizes the creation of a $30 billion fund run by the Treasury Department that would deliver ultra-cheap capital to banks with less than $10 billion in assets.
But the DUP's Edwin Poots said that "one party cannot deliver this process on its own".
"Ultimately, one party can't deliver on this process on its own, it's going to be an engagement."
Frank is fond of the adage, attributed to Harold Macmillan, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, that the future of politics is determined by “events, my dear boy, events.” The success or failure of Trump’s Presidency will be the critical factor in the future of the Democratic Party. “If he delivers somehow and increases employment among the white working class, and increases prosperity, then we”—the Party, that is—“have a political problem,” Frank said. But since Frank believes that Trump’s program will not yield these kinds of successes, he feels that Democrats will have room to criticize and propose alternatives.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"Everyone has the right to free speech and freedom of expression," Thompson said. "While we may not agree with the content of the message, as long as it's delivered in a peaceful manner, every individual has the right to express themselves."
VMware Workstation™ 11 delivers leading-edge features and performance that technical professionals rely on every day when working with virtual machines. With support for the latest version of Windows and Linux, the latest processors and hardware, and the ability to connect to VMware vCloud Air, VMware Workstation is the perfect tool to increase productivity, save time and leverage the cloud.
– Run hundreds of operating systems including the latest Microsoft Windows 10 Tech Preview. Technical users can also run the latest Linux distributions including Ubuntu 14.10, RHEL 7, CentOS 7, Fedora 20, Debian 7.6 and many more. State of the Art Performance – VMware Workstation supports the latest Intel 64-bit x86 processors, including the new Haswell microarchitecture for maximum performance. Taking advantage of key new Haswell extensions, the solution also delivers up to 45 percent improvement in CPU intensive operations like multimedia and encryption/decryption compared to Workstation 10.
– VMware Workstation supports the latest Intel 64-bit x86 processors, including the new Haswell microarchitecture for maximum performance. Taking advantage of key new Haswell extensions, the solution also delivers up to 45 percent improvement in CPU intensive operations like multimedia and encryption/decryption compared to Workstation 10. Powerful Virtual Machines and Graphics – Create virtual machines with up to 16 vCPUs, 8 TB virtual disks, 64 GB memory, and now 2GB video memory. Graphics-intensive applications can now be given an additional boost by allocating up to 2 GB of video memory per virtual machine.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Explanation: What if you were followed around by a cute floating ball that kept taking your picture? Then you might be an astronaut on today's International Space Station (ISS). Designed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the JEM Internal Ball Camera -- informally "Int-Ball" -- is a bit larger than a softball, can float and maneuver by itself but also be controlled remotely, can take high resolution images and videos, and is not related to Hello Kitty. Int-Ball was delivered to the ISS in early June and is designed to allow ground-control to increase the monitoring of ISS equipment and activities while decreasing time demands on human astronauts. Int-Ball moves by turning on small internal fans and sees with a camera located between its two dark eyes.
Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., delivered one of her signature hard-hitting speeches at the Values Voter Summit, a conference for socially conservative activists on Sept. 17, 2010. At one point, Bachmann took a shot at the woman who leads her chamber, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. Pelosi, Bachmann said, "has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she’s flying." Bachmann was referring to the Air Force jets that Pelosi uses to fly internationally and back to her home in San Francisco. (Her Republican predecessor, Dennis Hastert of Illinois, used them as well, under a program approved under President George W. Bush.) Bachman’s claim drew a rapid counterattack from the Speaker’s office, as aides revived arguments they’d used when the allegation first surfaced months earlier. Among other things, Pelosi’s office noted that the Speaker "does not drink alcohol" and that there "is no alcohol service on the domestic flights the Air Force operates for travel from Washington to San Francisco for the Speaker."… [emphasis added]
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Providers have urged pregnant women to be prepared. But the hospital system has refused requests by women who want to deliver the day of the eclipse.
"If a person is ready to deliver – they will deliver a baby," Hutchinson said. "We are not encouraging or accommodating anyone who wants to have a baby born on the eclipse."
Having included Bowe as the 23rd man for a second time in this championship, Schmidt backed the 68-times capped Ulsterman to deliver for Ireland tomorrow night at the Principality Stadium.
Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate and former secretary of state, will deliver a major speech on economic policy on Monday, laying out in more detail her diagnosis of went wrong with the economy and, in broad strokes, how she will approach fixing it, the campaign says.
Scatec Solar is an integrated independent power producer, aiming to make solar a sustainable and affordable source of energy worldwide. Scatec Solar develops, builds, owns and operates solar power plants, and will in 2014 deliver power from 220 MW in the Czech Republic, South Africa and Rwanda. The company is in strong growth and has a solid pipeline of projects under development in Africa, US, Asia, Middle East and Europe. Scatec Solar is headquartered in Oslo, Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SSO’.
During the war the ATA flew 415,000 hours and delivered more than 309,000[4] aircraft of 147 types, including Spitfires, Hawker Hurricanes, Mosquitoes, Mustangs, Lancasters, Halifaxes, Fairey Swordfish, Fairey Barracudas and Fortresses. The average aircraft strength of the ATA training schools was 78. A total of 133,247 hours were flown by school aircraft and 6,013 conversion courses were put through. The total flying hours of the Air Movement Flight were 17,059, of which 8,570 were on domestic flights and 8,489 on overseas flights. About 883 tons of freight were carried and 3,430 passengers were transported without any casualties; but a total of 174 pilots, women as well as men, were killed flying for the ATA in the wartime years.[5] Total taxi hours amounted to 179,325, excluding Air Movements.[6]
The ATA trained its pilots only to ferry planes, rather than to achieve perfection on every type. For example, aerobatics and blind flying were not taught, and pilots were explicitly forbidden to do either, even if they were capable of doing so. The objective of the ATA was to deliver aircraft safely and that meant taking no unnecessary risks.[16]
"The new stage feels natural and uses the graphical style of the era, all while taking advantage of the stereoscopic 3D to deliver a scene where you flying into the center of a base, reminiscent of the final Death Star scene in Return of the Jedi. The boss has a really awesome background to it as well, so I encourage everyone to check it out."
Their investigation was led by Detective Chief Inspector Gordon Mutch of the Greater Manchester Police (GMP), "astonishingly ... the only person ever charged with a criminal offence in connection with the Manchester bomb". The van's last registered owner told police that he had sold it to a dealer in Peterborough, who had in turn sold the van on to a man calling himself Tom Fox, two weeks before the bombing. After the purchase price was delivered in cash by a taxi driver, the dealer was instructed to take the van to a nearby lorry park, and leave it there with the keys and documents hidden inside.
Last Thursday the central city shopping mall was evacuated for almost four hours after a suspicious package was delivered to the ANZ Bank at Centre Place.
"BlackBerry is proud to partner with T-Mobile once again to offer the world's most secure and reliable mobile products and services that encourage productivity--whether they are individual users making the most of their day with the BlackBerry Classic, or an enterprise seeking to manage thousands of devices," BlackBerry CEO John Chen added. "Together with T-Mobile, we hope to deliver highly differentiated solutions that appeal to our mutual users: the power professionals who depend on their smartphones to get things done and make things happen."
Then Newcastle. Now here. There’s a glint in his eye as he delivers the next comment.
“We believe it is vitally important that government authorities have the information they need to deliver to the public a full assessment of what happened in the 2016 election,” Facebook’s general counsel Colin Stretch said in a post.
President of the Syrian National Coalition Khaled Khoja delivers remarks regarding Russian air strikes on Syria at the United Nations in Manhattan, New York September 30, 2015. Russia launched air strikes in Syria today in the Kremlin's biggest Middle East intervention in decades. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly - RTS2IBM
Khaled Khoja and Hind Kabawat, in Geneva on Monday to press for U.N.-led negotiations on the release of Syrian detainees, said they trusted Clinton, a former U.S. Secretary of State, to deliver on the opposition’s top priority - protecting civilians.
First responders found their bodies May 14 inside the Savopouloses’ multi-million-dollar Woodley Park home after responding to extinguish a fire there. The family is believed to have been held captive in the home the night before, and media reports indicate that $40,000 in cash was delivered to the home shortly before the fire broke out the afternoon of May 14.
MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Sec. 11. It shall be unlawful for any person who is required to register as provided in section 5 hereof and who shall not have so registered, or any other person who has not in his possession a stamp-affixed order as provided in section 4 hereof, to ship, carry, or deliver any firearm in interstate commerce.
If you could deliver one message to every runner reading this – and you can! – what would it be?
Mallozzi: We were actually shooting by an airport and the poor guy has to deliver this incredibly long monologue. He’d get into it and then 30 seconds in a plane would buzz the area and we’d have to cut and start over again. He ended up delivering an entire monologue in pieces, but he was super professional and super focused and just a very nice guy to work with.
“Most use mobile phones but some are so brazen they even use the prison phones which are recorded. Getting the drugs into jail is no problem. They are thrown over the wall at designated times, again organised via the mobile phones. “If the phones get confiscated, a new one can be delivered in much the same way.” The source said prison visitors also bring in large quantities of drugs, often hiding them in the clothing of young child­ren. A common ploy is to smuggle the drugs inside a baby’s nappy, as these are not checked by the guards.
When I see what some companies are doing these days with cloud and big data, I often wonder whether technology has ever been focused on business value in their organizations. I’ve worked primarily in industries where technology had to deliver business value or it was a non-starter. These days it is no longer sufficient to be a technologist that is simply putting bits and bytes together. Today it’s all about how those bits and bytes add value. Defining how a new technology approach will add value is the role of an IT executive, but that’s where too many executives drop the ball.
In addressing the annual Washington policy conference hosted by AIPAC, which has strong ties to both parties, Trump has a rare chance to show that he can deliver a substantive speech away from the raucous rallies that have become a signature of his campaign and contributed to the anxieties of his critics.
If Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird wanted to deliver a clear message to the world about Iran, they didn't. Instead, they confused the world.
So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange", you technically bring anyone who died a few seconds ago back from the dead, right? What if those people'sdon't come back with them? What if they just came back as empty husks with a few base instincts, like cannibalism (the basest of all human instincts, of course)? And if souls aren't affected by time-travel, then logically, fungus isn't either, because souls and fungus are in the same biological kingdom (duh), which means that whenever you go back in time in "Life is Strange", fungus is able to evolve more and more until something that used to only be able to infect insects jumps to infecting mammals -- even humans. The evolution would seem so sudden to anyone without the Reading Steiner* as the fungus makes its way into food delivered to the masses and infects the human species on a global scale.So, when you go back in time in "Life is Strange"... what are youdoing?1. An awareness of temporal re-experience2. The ability to recognize that you have undergone a nonstandard passing of time3. Knowing that you have gone back in time, but also retaining your memory from the original timelineThe red-headed girl, Ellie, is from "The Last of Us" which spawned my first parody series, "THE LEAST OF US" (look out for spoilers).The two with the gun, Lee and Clem, are from "The Walking Dead Game", which I've also made cartoons for called "THE WALK-IN DEAD" (also spoilers).The title is a pun on the term "temporal anomaly", which is a disruption in the space-time continuum usually resulting from time-travel or something like that.
“If the state is here to recognize and protect property rights, then the state must recognize that the excess of the wealthy quite literally is the property of the poor, and act accordingly. Just as the state would work to retrieve a stolen article, it must retrieve the hoarded wealth being stolen from the poor, and deliver it to them.”
The Lumia 535 is a fine low-end smart phone and a great example of what’s possible in this market segment. Cheap doesn’t have to mean low-quality. And the Lumia 535 is just the latest in a growing family of inexpensive Windows devices that delivers great value for those without a Platinum American Express card. As such, the Lumia 535 is highly recommended.
1 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie holds the championship trophy aloft. 2 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Rio Bruton shows his dad is number one after CJ collected the grand finals MVP award. 3 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Alex Pledger shows off his championship ring. 4 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson delivers the ball to centre Gary Wilkinson as Perth's Shawn Redhage attempts a block. 5 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher jumps for joy as the Breakers win their second straight Australian NBL title. 6 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ CJ Bruton of the Breakers ducks through the arms of Matt Knight and Brad Robbins of the Perth Wildcats. 7 of 57 Getty Images CJ Bruton gets the crowd going after hitting a three pointer in the grand finals decider. 8 of 57 PETER MEECHAM/Fairfax NZ Dan Carter and Jerome Kaino show their support for the NZ Breakers. 9 of 57 Getty Images New Zealand Breakers' coach Andrej Lemanis with the ANBL championship trophy. 10 of 57 Photosport New Zealand Breakers' Dillon Boucher participates in the championship-winning tradition of cutting down the nets. 11 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers' celebrate their victory in the ANBL finals series. 12 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard Cedric Jackson takes the ball to the hoop in game three of ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 13 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' Alex Pledger climbs high for a dunk. 14 of 57 Photosport The New Zealand Breakers and the Perth Wildcats get involved in an altercation in game three of the ANBL finals series in Auckland. 15 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' forward Mika Vukona avoids the attention of Perth Wildcats' forward Shawn Redhage. 16 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ Breakers' guard CJ Bruton goes past Perth Wildcats' point guard Brad Robbins. 17 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 18 of 57 Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ The crowd cheers as the Breakers take to the court during the third and deciding game of the ANBL finals series against the Perth Wildcats. 19 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry and Dillon Boucher of the Breakers look on from the bench during game two. 20 of 57 Getty Images Shawn Redhage of the Wildcats celebrates with supporters at the end of the game during game two. 21 of 57 Getty Images Breakers playing discuss tactics during a break in play of game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 22 of 57 Getty Images Kevin Lisch of the Wildcats and Cedric Jackson of the Breakers contest for a loose ball during game two. 23 of 57 Getty Images Breakers and Wildcats players get involved in an altercation. 24 of 57 Getty Images Breakers big man during game two of the ANBL finals series in Perth. 25 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays-up against Matt Knight of the Wildcats during game two. 26 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Cedric Jackson gets amongst the front-row fans after making a basket and being fouled. 27 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Mika Vukona looks to score down low under pressure from Luke Nevill. 28 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Small forward Leon Henry defends Perth's Cameron Tovey. 29 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Tom Abercrombie gingerly runs onto the court during player intros. 30 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Gary Wilkinson gets the Breakers fired-up pre-game. 31 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher celebrates the Breakers win over Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 32 of 57 Getty Images Leon Henry of the Breakers lays the ball up over Luke Nevill of the Perth Wildcats in game one of the ANBL finals series. 33 of 57 Getty Images Alex Pledger of the Breakers battles with two Perth Wildcats players for the ball in game one of the ANBL finals series. 34 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard CJ Bruton on the ball. 35 of 57 Jason Oxenham/Fairfax NZ Breakers centre Gary Wilkinson drives into Perth Wildcats centre Luke Nevill in game one of the ANBL finals series. 36 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie is treated on the floor while team-mates go after the referee. 37 of 57 Photosport Tom Abercrombie lies on the court in agony after severely straining ligaments in his left ankle. 38 of 57 Photosport The moment before Tom Abercrombie was taken out by Townsville's Peter Crawford on a breakaway dunk. 39 of 57 Photosport CJ Bruton raises his arms after a crucial fourth quarter three-pointer in the game three win. 40 of 57 Photosport Cedric Jackson hits the hardwood to grab possession for the Breakers. 41 of 57 Photosport MAKE OR BREAK: The Breakers are getting ready for a do-or-die match against Perth tonight. 42 of 57 Getty Images The Breakers celebrate after winning game two of the NBL Finals series against the Townsville Crocodiles. 43 of 57 Getty Images Eddie Gill of the Crocodiles passes the ball past Tom Abercrombie of the Breakers during game two. 44 of 57 Getty Images Russell Hinder of the Crocodiles looks dejected in game two of the NBL Finals series against the New Zealand Breakers. 45 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers drives past Jacob Holmes of the Crocodiles during game two. 46 of 57 Getty Images Dillon Boucher of the Breakers makes a lay-up during game two. 47 of 57 Getty Images Michael Cedar of the Crocodiles attempts a jump shot over Cedric Jackson of the Breakers during game two. 48 of 57 Getty Images Mika Vukona of the Breakers drives past Todd Blanchfield of the Crocodiles during game two. 49 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie keeps the ball in play. 50 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers head coach Andrej Lemanis talks to his players. 51 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher scoots around Townsville Crocs forward Jacob Holmes. 52 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ High-fives for the Breakers in the NZ Breakers. 53 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson scoots around Townsville Crocs point guard Eddie Gill. 54 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Thomas Abercrombie charges into Townsville Crocs forward Todd Blanchfield. 55 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher battles with Townsville Crocs forward Peter Crawford. 56 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers forward Dillon Boucher on the fast break chased by Townsville Crocs guard Michael Cedar. 57 of 57 JASON OXENHAM/Fairfax NZ Breakers guard Cedric Jackson passes under pressure from Townsville Crocs centre Luke Schenscher.
"It's important as a manager that you build staff around you to work with you to deliver what is needed to be delivered," said Monk.
Somehow the proposal from Bronze Star beat out eight other bids for tarps and plastic sheeting. But not a single item was delivered before FEMA finally cancelled the contracts on November 6. Which means that since September 20, homes on Puerto Rico have been picking up even more rain damage as they waited for these supplies.
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine.
The spyware, called XAgent, is delivered via a phishing attack using a technique called island hopping. In that, the phones of friends and associates of the true target are first infected and then used to pass on the spyware link. It’s based on the assumption that the target is more likely to click on links from people they know than from strangers.
In 1774, Day visited Sidney to inform her that she would be apprenticed to the Parkinsons, a family of dressmakers, as Day believed the profession would not expose her to temptation. She was delivered to the family with the stipulation that she should work hard at chores and be denied luxuries. The Parkinsons, however, treated Sidney well, to the extent that Day later chastised them for not instilling "industry and frugality" in her. Less than a year later the Parkinsons' business went bankrupt, leaving Sidney without an apprenticeship and nowhere to live. Day arranged for her to stay with his friends, the Keir family, and implied that she could take on the role of housekeeper at his own home. Day again considered Sidney, who was now 18, a potential wife, but did not let her know of his intentions, nor that her upbringing was part of his experiment.
Speaking at an event in Turin to mark Pirelli's 110th motorsport anniversary, Hembery told Motorsport.com that if the new tyre concept does not deliver a good show, the blame should not lie with the Italian company.
"We're just following what the sport asks us. All we ask is that they tell us what they want. There's no point in complaining that we deliver what we have been asked to deliver.
While the modified 2015 mule cars Pirelli used for testing failed to deliver the required amount of downforce expected in 2017, the tyre supplier was able to fall back on simulation data.
"We'll see a lot more one-stop races but if we deliver with the aerodynamic package cars that are closer together, and the tyre's not overheating on the surface, drivers will be able to push and lead to a scenario where overtaking is improved."
“It’s our responsibility as business leaders to focus Turner’s talent pool where individuals and groups will deliver the greatest return for the company, for Time Warner and for our shareholders,” Chief Executive Officer John Martin said in an internal memo to employees, obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
On Tuesday, Posner put his judicial independence front and center during marriage equality oral arguments at the 7th Circuit. While lawyers for Wisconsin and Indiana attempted to defend their state’s marriage bans, Posner issued a series of withering bench slaps that unmasked anti-gay arguments as the silly nonsense that they are. Reading this string of brutal retorts is fun enough—but it’s even better to listen to them delivered in Posner’s own distinctive cadence. With the help of my Slate colleague Jeff Friedrich, I’ve collected the most exhilarating, satisfying, and hilarious of the bunch.
Ultimately this is a failure I can live with. We will deliver Inglorious, it’ll be good, and then I’ll let my design time wander. Delivering on the Half Life 3 timescale is not ideal, but it was a stretch goal among many we already delivered. Bottom line: don’t promise future work in a Kickstarter. If I ever go back to KS I won’t be offering any stretch goals that I haven’t already done my part of.
With all this in mind, through my own research and conducting this demo, I have concluded that 432hz and the harmonic structure relative to it delivers warmer tones that seem more receptive to blending as a harmony. The sound, and this is a fact, is moving slower per second, which may explain its calmer vibration. The fact that calm was the top-sited emotion during both sets tells me that 432 and 440 both have the power to affix and transform the listener. Then again, 7% more people cited discomfort during 432, not to mention that sadness was higher in 432. Maybe 432 has more significant extractive power. I’m not sure, in fact I don’t know if any of these claims about 432 carry any weight other than the scientific fact that they’re moving slower and are lower. I keep looking at the charts going, hmmm….I don’t think there’s anything to this debate, at least based on my mostly unscientific data collection, all despite the fact that I prefer 432. I tried to control the variables as much as possible to get honest reactions. That said, I think what it comes down to is the individual.
One can only imagine Mr. Mozilo’s broad smile as he delivered these words. Between his compensation and stock sales, Angelo has made hundreds of millions of dollars. Socialism certainly can be beneficial for an elite few.
Had Mr. Mozilo delivered this speech today, he would have immediately been fitted into a straightjacket and then driven to the nearest loony bin.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!
Peck’s pull-no-punches opening sentence: ‘Life is difficult’ delivered an old message of discipline and restraint that was striking a new chord
But as the era’s optimism and hippie excess faded, the tenor of self-help books shifted accordingly. The Road Less Travelled attracted a new, larger following in the no-nonsense 1980s, when the book hit the New York Times bestseller list for the first time. Peck’s pull-no-punches opening sentence: ‘Life is difficult’ delivered an old message of discipline and restraint that was striking a new chord.
Self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise
Norcross’s research and the Books on Prescription results suggest that discriminating self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise. This might mean that experts confirm a book contains valid principles, that the author cites peer-reviewed studies to support key points, or that the book has demonstrably helped a significant number of people. (Norcross’s studies have found no correlation between a book’s popularity and its effectiveness, so he warns against surface criteria such as sales numbers and celebrity endorsements.) Bibliotherapy is probably best undertaken with the guidance of a trained therapist – someone who can help readers assess how well the approach is working, offer advice on how to put self-help principles into practice, or recommend stronger treatment if appropriate.
“I am after how the PNP-DEG will perform now that we are back in the war on drugs. I need someone who can steer this group to a higher level. I need someone who will perform and deliver and I know him (Ferro), he can really deliver given his track record,” Dela Rosa said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Police allege that Gaitan “mailed a CD of the nude images to her ex-husband’s parents” and hand delivered “packages of CDs” to her former husband’s workplace. The CDs were labeled “Requires Immediate Attention.”
In lab tests, more than ten thousand copies of the superdrug could clamp onto a bacterium, towing more than enough rifalogue to deliver a deadly dose inside the cell. In mice, the superdrug was orders of magnitude more powerful at wiping out MRSA than vancomycin or antibody treatments alone.
Over the past two years, London producer Jack Dixon has quietly amassed a rather impressive discography, dropping releases—both solo and collaborative—on labels such as Brownswood, Silverback, ManMakeMusic, and, most recently, R&S offshoot Apollo, which just put out his You Won't Let Me EP. But even with a string of quality releases to his name, it's sometimes easy to forget Dixon amongst the ever-swelling ranks of producers turning out bass music, or whatever genre tag is being applied at the moment. Perhaps it's due to the understated nature of his productions, which offer a polished, techno-infused take on UK rhythms. Well-suited for melancholy mornings and late-night comedowns, Dixon's tunes aren't anthems, nor are they meant to be. As admirers of his songcraft, we figured that it might be best to give Dixon a chance to showcase his talents outside of the club, which is why he's been invited to deliver the latest chapter of the XLR8R podcast series. As one might expect, it's a low-key affair, albeit never a sleepy one, as Dixon tastefully weaves together an hour's worth of nuanced house and techno selections. The blends are long and the mix never comes close to losing its composure, yet Dixon's podcast still carries enough weight to edge its way into our subconscious.
Mr Duncan Smith said the scale of change instigated by the government had been "enormous" and the policies being delivered were changing the country "for the better".
The stranger, Scott Leckington, bought not only a new iPod, but $30 in iTunes gift cards. He gave Lucas' mother, who was recently laid off from her job, $150. And he gave $75 in Pizza Hut gift cards so Lucas could treat his fellow lemon-squeezers to a pizza party. Leckington delivered another pizza card and an iPod case donated by Pizza Hut and Best Buy.
Cameron indicated that the chancellor, George Osborne, would not revise his plans to cut tax credits when he delivers his autumn statement next month, despite warnings from former Tory minister David Willetts and the Labour welfare expert Frank Field. The Sun on Sunday launched a campaign to help low-paid workers under the headline “Tax credit cut ‘bonkers’”.
The real Jacob Rees-Mogg Wed, February 8, 2017 Jacob Rees-Mogg is one of the biggest characters in the Tory party. Known for his RP diction, humorous speeches and staunchly pro-Brexit views, the MP for Northeast Somerset is firmly in the public eye Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 12 Jacob Rees-Mogg poses as he delivers a petition against the provision of foreign aid at 10 Downing Street in London
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Alabama Shakes, 4/29, GEN, 5:15p: Brittany Howard’s raw, soul-rattling vocal power has become the star of this top-notch southern blues-rock outfit, but her bandmates Zac Cockrell, Steve Johnson and Heath Fogg deliver plenty of fire too. They came out of 2016 with three Grammy awards, including Best Alternative Music Album for Sound & Color.
New Orleans Gospel Soul Children, 5/6, GOS, 5:10p: Led by Craig Adams, this long-standing local gospel group delivers energetic and choreographed renditions of gospel standards.
"What I would most like to achieve is to deliver Japanese KitKat Chocolatory with craftsmanship to the people around the world," he says.
The use of history in constructing the narratives of identity, of common origins, of a shared experience, and of a soon-to-be fulfilled purpose is not new or unique. Sects, religions, ethnicities, tribes, political ideologies, and other corporate bodies borrow heavily from history to frame their trajectories, to propagate, and to undergird their authenticity. In this sense, history confers legitimacy and infers destiny. There are many examples to cite from the twentieth century as various ideologies and regimes in the Middle East constructed new identities for themselves. Arab nationalism borrowed from the might and vitality of the Arab conquests of the region in the 7th century to highlight the redeeming possibilities of an Arab awakening after a centuries long slumber at the margins of empire. The Turks remembered their own distinct story, departing from Central Asia and swarming over vast territories and leaving newfound empires in their wake, even breaking into Europe and reigning supreme over large tracts of that continent. The Shah of Iran resurrected the pomp and splendor of ancient Persia to lend regality and majesty to his reign. In the same vein, what is Zionism if not an archival land deed, remembered, dusted-off, and yearned for as one laments what was lost? In Iraq, Saddam Hussein not only rode the heady visions of Arab glory but specifically called the Iran-Iraq War the ‘Second Qadisiyya’ in reference to the first battle of its name where the Arabs delivered a mortal blow to the Sassanid Persians and evicted them from the land of Mesopotamia (636 AD). Saddam went back further into the annals of that land to refashion himself as a latter-day avatar of King Nebuchadnezzar’s, he of Biblical fame, ruling from the land of Babylon and projecting expansionist designs, while breaking the spirit of the Jews in the process. Much like Nebuchadnezzar, Saddam rebuilt the ruined city of Babylon—committing archeological and cultural desecration by doing so—and inserted his name into the brickwork, laid thousands of years ago, by Jewish captives taken into slavery.
In another speech by that first, audacious caliph, delivered on the occasion of President Barack Obama being elected president in November 2008, Abu Omar al-Baghdadi addresses “the new rulers of the White House” by using the same words and tone that Muhammad had used in letters allegedly dispatched by the prophet to the emperors of Byzantium and Persia. Again, the jihadists seem to be purposely evoking memorable scenes from The Message when these letters were read out at the imperial courts of the Middle East that a new religion, Islam, has emerged in Arabia. The movie ends by portraying Islam’s resounding victory over paganism at the moment when Muhammad brings down the statuesque idols within the Kaaba. The jihadists knew exactly what they were doing as they filmed themselves smashing and hacking away at the statues of prior civilizations down the corridors of the Museum of Mosul.
This essay is drawn from remarks delivered by the author at the Westminster Institute in McLean, Va., on June 1, 2016.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton delivers a speech at Texas Southern University in Houston, Thursday, June 4, 2015. Clinton is calling for an expansion of early voting and pushing back against Republican-led efforts to restrict voting access, laying down a marker on voting rights at the start of her presidential campaign. (AP Photo/Pat Sullivan)
Another example is WeAreMedia, a wiki project where over 100 non-profit technology professionals have pooled knowledge resources and developed training materials to help non-profits learn how to use social media effectively. The initial content was facilitated through discussions on blogs, Twitter, and Facebook. Now, presentations are being remixed and delivered as trainings to non-profits at conferences and workshops across the country.
The Harrogate event is J K Rowling's one and only UK event to promote her new Cormoran Strike novel, The Silkworm (Little, Brown), and in keeping with her Robert Galbraith pseudonymn, Rowling wore a suit and tie to play the part. Her appearance was carefully controlled, with no photographs allowed in the auditorium, and questions from the audience vetted in advance and delivered via McDermid, with whom Rowling shares a publisher.
There is no ego in the way he says “I’m special,” incongruous as that might seem. It is delivered more like a fact than an opinion. He believes in himself, and he cloaks himself in that belief while wearing things others won’t and in doing basketball things others don’t. That belief has carried Wade out of poverty and desperation and an upbringing that included a mother addicted to drugs, and it has served him as he has climbed out of and over the rough neighborhoods fighting with literal hunger for those basketball dollars. He has spent a lifetime overcoming all manner of obstacles with that belief, and so now he believes in belief with a religious fervor, and he treats it as blasphemy if you don’t believe as fervently as he does.
The judge asked for bail of 750,000 Turkish lira ($332,000) for the alleged leader of the network. “The judge was utterly shocked when the money was delivered in cash the next day. He thought this was an astronomical amount that would keep these people behind bars,” one source told Al-Monitor. The alleged leader of the network and 19 others are accused in the case, but none are now behind bars.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The entire group celebrated over Chinese food, hit the premiere and then came a final surprise. The after party was in Malibu, at Gladstone's, another one of the bars that Rousey delivered drinks at back when headlining a UFC card felt like little more than a pipe dream.
"He delivered that [expletive] in style," Rousey said.
On Saturday, Rousey, the fighter that almost single-handedly forced the UFC to open itself up to women's fighting, promises to deliver back in similar fashion.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Marine Corps Times Daily News Roundup
Sign up for our morning newsletter to get all of our stories delivered to your mailbox each weekday.
“The point is he can still deliver on the pitch,” added Da Rocha. “He doesn’t need to train like normal players; he operates a lot on his natural talent.”
We look at malware delivered by a campaign that has infected thousands of websites around the world – and the various control flow obfuscation techniques that make its analysis as interesting as it is challenging.
The home campaign has been delivering the Win32/Nymaim ransomware since at least March 2013. In this blog post, we saw that several malware families were dropped by this campaign. Our current understanding of the potential malware families delivered is shown in the next figure.
UPDATE: Pakistan Supreme Court is set to deliver the verdict in Panama Papers case against PM Sharif today. It is expected that the verdict would force Sharif to resign.
"I am deeply convinced that whoever and whatever weapons are delivered to the conflict zone, the [outcome] will always be bad … the number of victims could increase," he said in comments widely published by Russian media.
Via the Free Beacon, is this the first time Trump himself has delivered a version of the now obligatory “this is why you got Trump” retort by Republicans whenever Democrats overreach culturally?
The collapse of the festival became a national punchline. Those involved believe McFarland and his co-organizer Ja Rule started out wanting to deliver on their promises — an ultra-lux experience on a private island formerly owned by Pablo Escobar, with famous models dancing on yachts, bottle service at beachside concerts, and hidden treasures accessible only by jet-ski. But all agree they knew or should have known well in advance it wasn’t going to work.
One of the challenges on the way to realizing the benefits of quantum computing is finding a way to compactly assemble and then precisely control enough quantum bits to deliver on the technology’s enormous processing potential.
During an appearance Monday at the Little Rock Touchdown Club — coincidentally, exactly a year after Orgeron was named the Trojans' interim head coach — he made it clear that he wants to coach again. His rambling speech, peppered with anecdotes, delivered in that familiar, gravelly Cajun drawl, could easily have served as a pitch to an athletic director or a search committee.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Tailored versions of the above courses are also available for courses delivered onsite. Contact us to discuss your requirements.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
It was, as you might expect, Hemingway’s proclivity for storytelling that landed him a job in Toronto. While cottaging with his family in Petoskey, Michigan, Hemingway was asked to deliver a speech at the local women’s club, sharing with the audience his experiences as a soldier with the Italian army during the First World War, from which he had recently returned.
The campaign, expected to launch early in the new year, would rely on teams of volunteers in Britain, Germany, France, Italy and Spain to deliver Israel's message, while professionals from public relations and lobbying firms would also be hired to for the rebranding initiative.
Spiegel writes that “Obama seems almost isolated. He has … done little to quiet those who would seek to increase tensions with Russia and deliver weapons to Ukraine. Sources in Washington say that Breedlove’s bellicose comments are first cleared with the White House and Pentagon. … (The general’s role) is that of increasing the pressure on America’s more reserved trans-Atlantic allies.”
He delivered again this week, when an ex-member of Mars Hill tentatively shared the horrifying story of his brutal excommunication from the church. To be fair, Driscoll himself was not the perpetrator of this particular injustice, but I cry foul on the leader of any organization who would choose to represent itself by such principles.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
From the moment Mitt Romney stepped off stage Tuesday night, having just delivered a brief concession speech he wrote only that evening, the massive infrastructure surrounding his campaign quickly began to disassemble itself. Aides taking cabs home late that night got rude awakenings when they found the credit cards linked to the campaign no longer worked.
“The appetite is there. It’s always there. The key part is if you can deliver it in a form that can deliver performance and not just be in the end, an expensive fizz.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
On the day of the festival, the blocks were delivered and installed on the Bowery in front of the New Museum within a tight two-hour deadline. Foamspace community members who helped with the installation were rewarded additional Foamspace Coins to encourage future participation. Information about the platform was disseminated throughout the festival, and the already established digital community amplified content online as it grew.
Social acceptance of alcohol allows us to ignore its harms | The Conversation| 25 Feb 2013 - Alcohol-related health information should be delivered in a way that generates discussion and consideration of its personal relevance, so it's not easily dismissed as an issue for other people.
"It will be like their immigration target - not met, not delivered and will, in time, erode public trust.
Fan Xpert 3 puts 4-pin/3-pin CPU and case fan controls in one place. It scans each fan's characteristics and delivers custom settings for each fan based on the dedicated area temperatures detected by hardware thermal sensors. Make sure every fan achieves the best balance of cooling performance and low noise. Fan Xpert 3 supports hardware-level PWM/DC combo mode for both the CPU and case fans. It even can reduce the CPU fan speed to below the default minimum, for extra-quiet and power saving operation during light loads.
Moore’s actions prompted HRC to collect and deliver to the Judicial Inquiry Committee petitions signed by 28,000 people demanding his removal. The Judicial Inquiry Commission has yet to respond.
In a sermon delivered on Friday, the Hamas leader said that "Jews are trying to take over the Al-Aksa mosque but they will not succeed."
Even though it’s not turn-based but a real-time (pausable) game, it still delivers a very strong “one more turn” sensation due to its design system. Once I’ve designed a brand new ship, there’s just no way I can step away from the PC until I’ve built it and seen it in action. There is no greater glory then watching your newly minted ship pulverize the hulls of your enemy into space dust. Watching them beg for peace when you’ve just finished bombarding several of their planets is a close second though.
Notley said provinces will also discuss the fallout from the Supreme Court’s year-old decision in the landmark Jordan case, which delivers hard deadlines to bring criminal cases to trial. More than 200 cases have already been tossed out due to unreasonable delays.
Taking aesthetic inspiration from the cruelly intelligent, modern firearms cacophony of Slayer’s ‘Chemical Warfare’ but fashioning riffs over the roguish, bursting structures typified by crossover acts Suicidal Tendencies and Corrosion of Conformity, Dead Brain Cells had paradoxically succeeded in applying scientific methods to truculent vandalism. Vocals, in compliment to the factorial churn and tumble of the instruments, are delivered in a robotic rant like the outcries of a citizen-turned-automaton denigrated by a lifetime of vacuous routine; lyrics are remarkably coherent and incisive considering the band’s Québécois nationality, of course with the mother tongue of French being a perennial obstacle for all aspiring Hessians allied under the fleur-de-lis. However, it is clear from DBC’s rather involved compositional style that their telos was not merely in writing protest music, but in establishing engaging, punkishly dynamic narratives such that every song is represented as its own vignette of dystopia — a sensibility that would be incorporated into the region’s burgeoning death metal movement, with vestiges apparent in such seminal works as Considered Dead and From This Day Forward.
"I'm going to wait to hear from the parents," she said. "I'm looking forward to the consultations. I'm looking forward to seeing what resources the Institute for Catholic Education is going to provide us so that we can deliver the curriculum with a Catholic lens," she said.
Back in the Freecaster days, when Rob openly admits to have been commentating half-cut in a party booth, there seemed to be no topic the dude wouldn’t take on. And he’s continued to deliver some of the funniest action sports commentary ever on the Red Bull microphone.
Along the path of my career I have met interesting and unforgettable people. I have had a front-row seat to history in which most people never get to sit. I have watched as technology changed the way we do things and sped up the world. My first stories for Jack as a correspondent from the Fraser Canyon (no kidding!) were written on an old 1940’s Royal KMM typewriter, which I still have. Ours was a tiny hot-metal job shop, with an old Linotype on which Jack would set galleys of type for business forms, which would then be printed on a platen press. Our paper was printed in Abbotsford, and I would deliver copies up and down the Fraser Canyon in an old 1969 Datsun 210.
Nobody ever accused the Apollo program of failing to deliver the goods. There were the 842 pounds of moon rocks and the raft of scientific spinoffs and the deep thrills that every one of the 11 missions delivered. And then, perhaps more than anything, there were the pictures.
Senator Brandis was forced to deliver a statement in Parliament on Monday amid explosive reports he directed former solicitor-general Justin Gleeson, SC, not to raise an argument in the High Court that threatened an alleged secret deal with the Western Australian government.
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
But Kelly brought elements to her career that elevated her above her peers. Like van Susteren, she’s a lawyer by training. Early on, she put those skills to to use as an “investigative” journalist, famously “revealing” that Obama’s Justice Department was soft on black radicals. Like Ann Coulter she knows how to harness the power of a sassy quip delivered from inside a black halter top. And, she’s managed to brand herself as a Palin woman, rejecting “interest group” feminism, proudly flaunting three on-air pregnancies while snappily shooting down neanderthals like Lou Dobbs and right-wing blogger Erick Erickson on women’s proper roles in society. She’s useful in branding Fox for women. As Alyssa Rosenberg noted on ThinkProgress after Kelly excoriated Erickson about women being genetically made for housework:
Illustrating the intellectual dangers of a Christian education, a brainwashed young woman delivers a shrill and historically inaccurate vision of America, claiming the U.S. was ”founded on the Gospel of Jesus Christ.”
In a vulgar and demoralizing display of naive Christian imperialism, young Karis Peters delivered a spoken word poem at the 2015 ACE International Convention in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Declaring “The only hope for America is Jesus,” Peters delivered a shrill rant full of historical inaccuracies and Christian hubris. For example:
There's one more "feature" that you might have started seeing on WhatsApp a few versions ago: a "waiting for this message" uhm... message when you're talking to someone. It only seems to show up when WhatsApp knows it should deliver a text message to you, but it hasn't grabbed all of it yet. But since WhatsApp's messages are just text and so light, then odds are they'll reach you before there's any reason to display that "waiting" bubble. I've only seen it once and even then, it was just there for less than a second.
In 12th Five-Year-Plan (2012-17), Nuclear Power Plants failed to deliver
Due to disturbed supply of Uranium from different countries, India’s nuclear power plants haven’t been able to deliver the projected amount of electricity. According to the ministry of power’s executive summary published in 2016, India has set a target of producing 88,537 MW of power from all three major sources. But by January 2016, when the reports came out, India could only produce a total of 74,535.72 MW of electricity.
“Spill helps this dammed-up river act a little more like an actual river,” said Joseph Bogaard, executive director of the Seattle-based Save Our Wild Salmon coalition, which had members among the lawsuit plaintiffs. “It delivers juvenile salmon to the ocean more quickly and safely.”
Martin O'Malley delivered a dig at the GOP candidates, recounting a voter asking him to not refer to her son, who serves in the military, as a pair of boots on the ground. O'Malley said Republicans use, "boots on the ground," when they're "trying to look all bravado and macho sending other peoples' kids into combat."
Martin O'Malley delivered a dig at the GOP candidates, recounting a voter asking him to not refer to her son, who serves in the military, as a pair of boots on the ground. O'Malley said Republicans use, "boots on the ground," when they're "trying to look all bravado and macho sending other peoples' kids into combat."
There is so much more to these NBA playoffs for the Raptors than just the post-season. There are messages to be delivered and notices to be served.
It’s not that anyone will go on the record to voice the obvious concerns — the possibility of hefty fines tends to dissuade them from doing that — but it is palpable. DeMar DeRozan spoke of it in the abstract last week when he talked about wanting to ensure the Raptors aren’t seen as pushovers by anyone in the league; Casey has talked about the need for respect from the league and officials incessantly over the past three seasons and the post-season has galvanized it and made casual fans sit up and take notice. Ujiri has been the driving force since he arrived as the team’s president and general manager. Fans can be sure the message he delivers to them publicly is being made privately to top NBA officials often. What he wants more than anything is a fair shake, he doesn’t want the franchise to just be known as one the one that’s outside the continental U.S. by agents, fans, rival teams and the league. He and the team have a pulpit now to make some noise and make themselves relevant: They are in a playoff series against a team that comes from the biggest media market in North America. Playing the Nets is a perfect platform to stand up and say, “hey, look at us, we’re here and we’re not going away.”
Ponytail Ponytail Narrow Results Ponytail is a human-grade horse grooming collection inspired by a passion for horses and an appreciation of timeless equestrian style. A line of products formulated with the highest quality of ingredients delivered in exquisite packaging. Ponytail’s unique formulations clean, soften, condition and shine; providing a range of products both horse and owner will love. Equestrians invest so much love in the care of their horses; they should have the choice to use only the most exceptional products for their equine grooming needs. Shine with Style! Ponytail is a participating sponsor of the Hollywood Charity Horse Show. 10% of Ponytail’s net proceeds will be donated.
Your e-gift card will be delivered via email within 24 hours regardless of shipping method selected. If your purchase contains other items, select the ship method you would like the remainder of your order to use and it will arrive in the identified time frame.
5K anyone? Well, Panasonic have delivered and it is in H.265.
Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Voting Rights Act is often called the crown jewel of the civil rights movement, yet many Americans do not know why or how it was passed. Pictured, NAACP Field Director Charles White speaks on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday, June 25, 2013, after the court limited use of a major part of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, in effect invalidating a key enforcement provision. Here are some key moments and characters in the voting rights saga. Hide Caption 1 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Three young civil rights workers were murdered in 1964 in Mississippi while trying to register black voters. The infamous murders showed that segregationists were willing to kill to keep African-Americans from voting. Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – John Lewis, a young activist who later became a congressman of Georgia, heads to a fateful encounter on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama during a 1965 march. Lewis was brutally assaulted by state troopers during the "Bloody Sunday" march that made voting rights a national issue. Hide Caption 3 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Marchers during the 1965 voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama gather for a rally on March 26, 1965, a few weeks after "Bloody Sunday." Black residents were beaten, fired from their jobs and imprisoned trying to vote. Hide Caption 4 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Viola Liuzzo, a Detroit housewife, was murdered while participating in the voting rights campaign in Selma, Alabama, in 1965. Her death outraged the nation and helped spur passage of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 5 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Lyndon Johnson, pictured here discussing the act with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1965, went on national television to call for passage of the Voting Rights Act. He ended his speech by saying, "And we shall overcome." Hide Caption 6 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Rep. John Lewis speaks after bipartisan House and Senate officials met to voice support for reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act for an additional 25 years on May 2, 2006. From left, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and other officials listen during the media conference. Hide Caption 7 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President George W. Bush signs reauthorization of the act on July 27, 2006. From left, Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wisconsin, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tennessee, look on. Hide Caption 8 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – President Barack Obama marches with civil right veterans during a commemoration march in 2007. Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A conservative judge called the Voting Rights Act a racial entitlement but supporters of the act say it is the crowning victory of the civil rights movement. Pictured, people gather for a post-march rally after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the "Bloody Sunday" anniversary, March 4, 2012. Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law Executive Director Barbara Arnwine speaks during a news conference to voice opposition to state photo ID voter laws with the Rev. Jesse Jackson and members of Congress at the U.S. Capitol July 13, 2011. Hide Caption 11 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – A supporter of the Voting Rights Act rallies in the South Carolina State House in Columbia on February 26, 2013, the day before oral hearings at the Supreme Court. Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – The Rev. Jesse Jackson, at the microphone, and the Rev. Al Sharpton, left, deliver remarks during a rally outside the U.S. Supreme Court on February 27, 2013, as the court prepared to hear oral arguments in Shelby County v. Holder, the legal challenge to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Hide Caption 13 of 14 Photos: Photos: The Voting Rights Act The Voting Rights Act – Supporters of the Voting Rights Act listen to speakers discussing the rulings outside the U.S. Supreme Court building on Tuesday, June 25, 2013. Hide Caption 14 of 14
Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Ben Carson attends the National Action Network (NAN) national convention at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel on April 8, 2015, in New York City. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the 41st annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Gaylord International Hotel and Conference Center on March 8, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland. Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks to guests at the Iowa Freedom Summit on January 24, 2015, in Des Moines, Iowa. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson is surrounded by supporters as he waits to be interviewed at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at National Harbor, Maryland, outside Washington on February 26, 2015. Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks at the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition convention on January 18, 2015, in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. A variety of conservative presidential hopefuls spoke at the gathering on the second day of a three-day event. Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson delivers the keynote address at the Wake Up America gala event on September 5, 2014, in Scottsdale, Arizona. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the 41st annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Gaylord International Hotel and Conference Center on March 8, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland. Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson speaks during the National Prayer Breakfast at the Washington Hilton on February 7, 2013, in Washington. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Honoree and director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University, Carson poses with actor James Pickens Jr. at the Jackie Robinson Foundation Annual Awards Dinner on March 16, 2009, in New York City. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Before his jump into conservative politics, Carson was known for his work as a neurosurgeon. Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by then-President George W. Bush on June 19, 2008. At that time, he was the director of pediatric surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics In a story that garnered international attention, Carson was ready to separate a pair of 10-year-old Indian girls, Saba and Farah Shakeel, who are joined at the head in New Delhi, India. Here, he addresses a press conference at the Indraprashtra Apollo Hospital on October 4, 2005. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson and a team of 20 specialists approved the procedure after studying the girls' brains; however, their parents were worried about their daughters' lives and did not give doctors permission to operate. The surgery did not happen. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: Ben Carson's career in politics Carson observes the start of neurosurgery proceedings at the Raffles Hospital in Singapore on July 6, 2003. Carson and Dr. Keith Goh, left, performed a complex operation that was unsuccessful to separate 29-year-old twins Ladan And Laleh Bijani, who were joined at the head. Hide Caption 13 of 13
Special teams: It's a simple, oft-repeated phrase that bears one more mention, since we may never get another opportunity: In kicking competitions, always bet on the option on scholarship. Take OSU, for instance, where true freshman Sean Nuernberger – he of the scholarship – should beat out senior Kyle Clinton to replace Drew Basil at kicker. Nuernberger would give the Buckeyes two young specialists, joining sophomore punter Cameron Johnson, who is already among the Big Ten's best at the position. If the true freshman delivers on field goals, OSU should have one of the league's top three units – though Maryland's return game is a bit more explosive.
Christened in November, the USS North Dakota will be the first of eight Block III Virginia-Class boats delivered to the Navy, submarines engineered with a series of technological upgrades and innovations compared to earlier Blocks I and II boats, Navy officials said. Blocks I and II, totaling 10 ships, have already been delivered to the Navy.
The last six Virginia-class submarines have been delivered ahead of schedule, Navy officials said. The six submarines were Block I and Block II Virginia-class submarines.
"I will not stand in the way of a new owner, providing they convinced me their intentions for the club were in keeping with its traditions and values and their ability to deliver on them was realistic. Nothing has changed in that regard. The announcement of a new and record media rights deal for the Premier League from season 2016-17 is sure to mean that there is once again huge interest in the brand.
Description: SCP-2488 refers to a series of anomalous phenomena that occurred between April 21, 1933 and 1939. During this period, an organization known as the Safety Harbor Milk Bottle Delivery Service operated within Safety Harbor, Florida. The parameters of its tasks were to intake empty milk bottles and deliver full bottles of milk bearing the brand label "Safety Harbor Milk" (hereafter known as SCP-2488-1).
Addendum 2488-Beta: Miscellaneous Recovered Documents Hide Addendum DOCUMENT 2488 15-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall Meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting transcript implies that this was the first encounter with the anomaly related to SCP-2488. Several moments of hysteria among attendees broke out during the course of the meeting, calling for the mayor to sequester the newly reanimated subjects. It was, however, the sentiment of a small group of attendees that this was a newly raised opportunity from God. This group was later identified as members of the Safety Harbor Christian Chapel. Citizens of Safety Harbor agreed to isolate recently dead persons in a location that supposedly no longer exists. At the time, it was used as a general storage area for the town, near the western limit. Reanimated persons were to be held here until their second expiration. A rotating one-month cleanout process was established. DOCUMENT 2488 17-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Safety Harbor Chapel board meeting, circa mid 1933 The meeting's transcript implies some disagreement over the board's stance on the reanimated subjects. The discussed religious implications mostly resulted in dissent and disagreement among members, some of which opposed the confinement of reanimated persons. By the end of the meeting, no official verdict was established. DOCUMENT 2488 23-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Town Hall meeting, circa early 1934 This is the third documented meeting solely on the topic of SCP-2488 events. Citizens show less aversion to reanimated subjects than before, after discussion of recent events. According to the transcript, a group of citizens (mostly from two of the town's larger families) broke into the warehouse and freed their reanimated relatives. After most reanimated persons had left the premise, a large procession was held for the proper burial of those who had experienced their second expiration. A mob of other citizens gathered to re-contain reanimated persons. It was at this time that Foundation personnel stepped in, suggesting that reanimated persons may not be inherently violent or ill-willed, like many held as a preconceived notion. During this night, after a Foundation-facilitated agreement was made between a significant portion of the town, the first "grave parties" were held. Although the original intent was a small town gathering the following day, the expiration of several reanimated persons led to their burial during the festivities, which initiated a newly found notion of "grave parties". DOCUMENT 2488 34-C Source of Documentation: Summary of Mayor Burk's self-presented eulogy, circa late 1935 The eulogy delivered by Mayor Burk, apparently while standing on a podium over his self-dug grave, summarizes events since the beginning of SCP-2488 manifestation events. (This also marked the beginning of the tradition for reanimated subjects to dig their own graves, which was integrated as a part of "grave parties".) The presence of reanimated subjects at this time is considered a normal occurrence in Safety Harbor, and the original misgivings of citizens are restated. Despite the fear, and the destruction of the original town hall during the first reanimation event, Safety Harbor is summarized as showing immense growth, especially with the construction of a new town hall in early 1934, by reanimated subjects and living subjects alike. After delivering this eulogy, the "grave party" ensued until Mayor Burk stated a slowly approaching weakness coming over him, at which point he was lowered into his grave, and the celebration continued with a ceremonial filling of the grave and a second dessert course.
Malzahn and Auburn's defensive players are extremely optimistic about what that side of the ball will deliver this fall. Herbstreit is too.
It only takes a moment for his enthusiasm for this record to come through. “It’s the first time in my life where I’ve done a record where I’ve felt I don’t want to change a damn thing. It’s a great feeling”, he declares straight away. It’s clearly a step forward for Kruspe, taking his songwriting in a direction he is more comfortable with. “It’s more like a grown up record compared to the first album,” he says. “After the first record I was quite surprised how rocky it sounded, I always felt I was much darker and I kind of didn’t deliver that on the first record”. He’s also enjoying the chance to be the one to call the shots. “I just love to have the last say, that’s so different to Rammstein where everything is so democratic,” he laughs. “And I realised that being in the position with Emigrate where I know at the end of the day I can say yes or no, makes me a better team player. Makes me choose more for the music rather than the Rammstein world where you sometimes choose because of the ego.”
A critical element of the Emigrate project is Kruspe’s decision to add vocal duties to his guitar, songwriting and production roles. With Silent So Long he finally fells comfortable with his singing. “That’s a big difference too,” he states. “With the first record I was really trying to be a singer, which is different to being a singer. In the beginning it was very frustrating for me, I was so advanced in my writing but my voice was still a baby so I couldn’t really deliver what I was expecting. On the new record I was accepting the fact that I was going to be the singer and that made it so much easier.”
That this is about politics more than economics should now be obvious. It’s not just that the austerity imposed on Greece has delivered a 1930s-style depression, or that Ukraine was recently bailed out with generous debt write-offs but without any crucifixions or waterboarding. One part of the troika, the IMF – dominated by a US anxious to keep Greece in the Atlanticist camp – has now revealed it is well aware Greece’s debts will never be repaid without massive relief and that this week’s deal could swell them to more than 200% of GDP. In other words, it won’t work. But pre-Keynesian balanced-budget economics has the eurozone’s rulers in its grip, as they seek to overcome the crisis by restoring corporate profitability.
While it has benefited German capital, 16 years of the euro have delivered flat wages to German workers and stagnant growth and productivity to countries such as Italy. This week has made a mockery of monetary union as a path to a united democratic Europe and opened the way for the eurozone’s breakup.
*** Which party is more comfortable debating Ryan and his plan? Here’s another question to ponder: By picking Ryan, are Romney and the Republicans playing on their turf? Or on the Democrats’ turf? On the one hand, the Romney-Ryan ticket will double down on the argument that Obama and the Democrats have failed when it comes to the deficit/debt. After all, the deficit was $1.4 trillion in FY ’09; $1.3 trillion in ’10; $1.5 trillion in ’11 (projected); and $1.1 trillion in ’12 (projected). On the other hand, Obama and the Democrats have been DYING to turn the presidential contest into a race against House Republicans. And guess what: Romney just selected a House Republican to be his running mate. As one of us wrote over the weekend, Obama has already delivered three big speeches in the past two years taking aim at House Republicans and the Ryan budget. “It’s a vision that says if our roads crumble and our bridges collapse, we can’t afford to fix them,” Obama said during his April 2011 speech at George Washington University. “If there are bright young Americans who have the drive and the will but not the money to go to college, we can’t afford to send them… It’s a vision that says America can’t afford to keep the promise we’ve made to care for our seniors.” Obama’s other two speeches were in Kansas (in Dec. 2011) and at the AP luncheon (in April 2012).
Those are some of the terms of an ACT government request for tender to collect and deliver the hundreds of bodies the ACT Coroner must examine annually.
Applicants must be a member of a specified funeral directors association or meet the same accreditation, but there are some differences from the service delivered by a standard hearse.
That’s not to say, however, that the day was dominated solely by the hardcore acts. Later on, I had the pleasure of watching Ladycop preform, a six-piece group that delivered neo-pop tunes layered with funky bass and drum lines. At the front of stage, three vocalists stood dressed in white, with glitter on the corners of their eyes, delivering vocal harmonies that were downright angelic.
I think the two stand-out acts of the afternoon were Jesus and His Judgmental Father, and Michael Jordan Touch Down Pass. Jesus and His Judgmental Father (which definitely had the best band name of the fest) delivered impassioned queer-centered alternative rock tunes, including “Kings and Queens” which, to my mind, stands as one of the most powerful songs about transphobia that I’ve ever heard. Michael Jordan Touchdown Pass, meanwhile, delivered something much more hard to define, blurring the lines between acoustic punk and experimental rock, even mixing in touches of jazz. Part of the power of the performance was provided by an absolutely amazing white-haired trumpeter whom, I would later learn, was actually Charlie Schneeweis, the father of both Michael Scheeweis, the group’s creator, and Patrick Schneeweis (a.k.a. Pat The Bunny). However one would define their music, the audience was absolutely devouring it, with the mostly-shirtless spectators providing the largest and liveliest day-time turn out of I’d seen so far. Unfortunately, I didn’t manage to grab a picture of their set. I did, however, have my camera handy when, immediately afterwards, a piñata shaped like the Plan-It-X logo was hung from the ceiling and set upon by the crowd.
Luckey’s official title at Oculus is “founder”, but he’s not the boss. “I've never wanted to be a CEO,” he says. “I handed over that role real fast when I started the company.” Thirty-seven-year-old Brendan Iribe runs the place, worrying about things like why emails aren’t getting through. (Luckey: “Yeah, we're rolling through some kind of email migration, I'm not sure what the details are.”) Luckey, who dislikes shoes, wanders around barefoot or in surfer-style flip-flops. When he decided to deliver the first Oculus Rift in person, he was photographed wearing a Hawaiian shirt in the Alaskan winter.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
She delivered a harsh criticism of Kelly that showed how disappointing her career at NBC is turning out to be.
‘On NBC, Kelly is didactic without being trustworthy; patronizing without being impressive. Her voiceover suggests doom without really proving it; there’s a scare-mongering side to her reportage. And, most importantly: She’s alienated everyone. At this point, Kelly’s most virulent critique comes from the right — the audience that she’s supposed to be helping deliver to NBC. The network is presumably hoping that centrist or center-right women will eventually tune in.’
There was no bunting, no stage or fancy backdrop, just a few devastating lines delivered at the House of Representatives doors to a handful of reporters.
If you do not have a West Virginia driver's license or ID card number and the last four digits of your Social Security Number, you may not submit your form online, but you may enter your information online to be auto-filled in a voter registration application. Once you create your application online, you may print, sign and deliver it to your County Clerk by mail or in person.
If you prefer to complete your voter registration form by hand, you may download a blank voter registration form to mail or deliver in-person.
The world of web application development has moved pretty quickly in the past five or so years. What used to be extremely rare — web developers who could deliver not only solid back-end code but also slick UIs — is becoming increasingly commonplace thanks to powerful development frameworks like Ruby on Rails and jQuery. Likewise, CSS and HTML — once extremely simple tools for determining the structure and layout of web pages — have solidified into flexible and powerful environments that allow developers to create extremely engaging experiences.
Although this is a simple example, you can see right away that the options are pretty much limitless (see Figure 5). Add other client-side frameworks, CSS layouts, and custom content to create the application you want to deliver to your clients.
He continued: "We strive to keep delivering quality content to our fans, for free. The content of the UEFA EURO 2016 content has yet to be defined, but all content delivered by Data Pack featuring EURO for next year's prestigious tournament will be free to all existing users."
Konami was criticised, however, for its failure to deliver the promised player transfers in the game's first Data Pack, leading to frustration from fans upset with the game's outdated rosters.
This should at least deliver a significant dent in California's exceptional drought, but even a strong El Niño winter doesn't assure that.
On November 13, 2017, Aurora presented the CanniMed board of directors (the "Board") with a proposal (the "Proposal") to explore a mutually agreeable merger on the terms set forth in the Offer, and requested a response prior to 5:00 pm Pacific Time on November 17, 2017 (the "Proposal Deadline"). Although CanniMed's Board failed to respond to the Proposal prior to the Proposal Deadline, Aurora would still welcome a transaction supported by CanniMed's Board, and looks forward to engaging with CanniMed's Board to deliver significant value to CanniMed shareholders. However, at this time, the rationale for the combination is too strong to accept inaction, and thus the decision has been made to proceed to take Aurora's Offer directly to shareholders.
The assertion in the CanniMed Press Release that the terms of the Aurora offer "are unknown" is dubious, given that the detailed terms available to CanniMed shareholders were outlined in the proposal delivered by Aurora on November 13, 2017 to the CanniMed Board.
In light of these considerations, it is clear the Newstrike Resources Offer should be considered oppressive to CanniMed shareholders and to Aurora's Offer, which delivers significantly higher financial and strategic value to CanniMed shareholders. Aurora is reviewing its options with respect to CanniMed's Newstrike Resources Offer and will comment further in due course.
You would think that by the time a person becomes the Director of the CIA, he would have a correct understanding of the Constitution, which is the founding document of the federal government, which the CIA is part of. This should be especially true when the CIA Director is a former member of Congress, a graduate of West Point, and the holder of a law degree from Harvard.Embarrassingly, such is not the case with CIA Director and former U.S. Congressman Mike Pompeo. In a speech delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Pompeo demonstrated a woeful lack of understanding of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment.Referring to his belief that WikiLeaks official Julian Assange, who is a citizen of Australia, should be indicted and prosecuted by the U.S. government for revealing secrets of the U.S. national-security establishment, Pompeo stated:That is quite an amazing statement. It’s also a misleading and fallacious one.What Pompeo obviously doesn’t get is that no one, including American citizens, has First Amendment freedoms. There’s a simple reason for that: Freedoms don’t come from the First Amendment. Or to put it another way, the First Amendment doesn’t give anyone, including Americans, any freedoms at all.People’s freedoms also don’t come from the Constitution. They don’t come from the federal government. They don’t come from the troops, the CIA, or the NSA either.Freedom comes from nature and from God. Even if the Constitution had never been approved by the American people — that is, even if the federal government had never been called into existence — people would still have their fundamental, natural,God-given rights. That’s because freedom and other natural, God-given rights preexist government and, therefore, exist independently of government.Thomas Jefferson makes this point clear in the Declaration of Independence when he points out that people are endowed with unalienable rights by nature and God, not by government or by some document that calls government into existence.There is something else that is important to note here: As Jefferson points out, everyone, not just American citizens, is endowed with these natural, God-given rights, including life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. That includes people who are citizens of other countries. Citizenship has nothing to do rights that are vested in everyone by nature and God.At the risk of belaboring the obvious, that includes Julian Assange. His freedom does not come from the Constitution or the First Amendment or by the Australian government. His freedom comes from the same source that your freedom and my freedom come from — from nature and from God.So, what is the purpose of government? Jefferson makes it clear: Government’s job is to protect the exercise of natural or God-given rights, including liberty.What about the First Amendment? If its purpose is not to give people rights, including freedom, what is its purpose?The purpose of the First Amendment, in part, is to protect the preexisting, natural, God-given freedom of people to publish whatever they want, including the dark, illegal, illicit, immoral, and evil secrets of the federal government, including such dark-side, totalitarian-like nefarious activities as assassination, murder, disappearances, coups, torture, abuse, partnerships with dictators, rendition, kidnapping, illegal surveillance, rendition, destruction of incriminatory evidence, illegal invasions and wars of aggression, and secret prison facilities.That’s what Pompeo and others of his ilk just don’t get: The purpose of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights is to protect people from federal officials like him — officials who are hell-bent on destroying our lives, freedom, and prosperity, and well-being, all in the name of “keeping us safe” or protecting “national security.”Our ancestors were wise people. They knew that the federal government would inevitably attract people like Pompeo. That’s why the Constitution brought into existence a government of extremely limited powers rather than a general power that would enable federal officials like Pompeo to just do the “right” thing.That’s also why the Constitution didn’t empower the federal government to have a CIA, NSA, and standing army. Our ancestors knew that a national-security establishment would inevitably end up destroying people’s freedom in the name of “keeping them safe” and that it would inevitably try to punish people for publicizing and opposing its destruction of liberty.That’s why our ancestors demanded the enactment of the First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights as a condition for approving the Constitution. They wanted to protect people’s fundamental rights and liberties from federal officials like Pompeo, who they knew would be the biggest threats to people’s fundamental, natural, God-given rights and freedoms.Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation
"I have two other children both unmarried. If she delivers the baby and keeps it then no one will marry them," explained her mother. "My 14-year-old son will get cast out. The only way out is that she will have to undergo the 'chokha thavani viddhi' (purification ritual) and whatever the community decides will be final."
A couple of weeks ago, SB Nation contributor Steven Godfrey wrote one of the best pieces I have ever read about any sporting topic, anywhere. It was about the college football bag man, the guy who delivers the under the table cash and benefits to top notch recruits at big time college football programs. No kidding, whether you're a college football fan or not, go read that article. Seriously, like right now, because it's some of the best writing you'll find anywhere on the Internet.
He said the campaign had delivered the second-biggest swing against a first-term government in Australian history.
However, Mr Shorten will face pressure to deliver the Left an extra frontbencher.
Trump will have plenty of other chances to talk tough, starting with a tour of the Pearl Harbor military base in Hawaii on his way to Asia. In Tokyo, the president is scheduled to meet with the parents of a Japanese girl kidnapped by North Korean agents four decades ago, and in Seoul, he will deliver a speech to the South Korean National Assembly.
In February 2002, Bush visited the DMZ less than a month after he had called North Korea, Iran and Iraq the "axis of evil" during his State of the Union address. The president's speechwriters proposed having Bush deliver remarks akin to Reagan's seminal "tear down this wall" speech in West Berlin in 1987.
Alger Hiss was a U.S. State Department official who was accused in 1948 of being a Soviet spy. Hiss's indictment stemmed from alleged espionage in the form of secret State Department documents spirited out of Foggy Bottom and into the hands of persons "not authorized to receive" them. "The Pumpkin Papers" consisted of sixty-five pages of retyped secret State Department documents, four pages in Hiss's own handwriting of copied State Department cables, and five rolls of developed and undeveloped 35mm film. Being charged under the Espionage Act was appropriate for those who obtained any information relating to the national defense and delivered that information to someone who was not authorized to have it. The former State Department official, Alger Hiss, typed classified information on his office typewriter, slipped the copies into a briefcase, removed classified information from the State Department, and provided all of this to his Soviet handler, who photographed and microfilmed it. The FBI wished to prosecute Alger Hiss for espionage, but the Justice Department indicated that the statute of limitations had run out, and Hiss was convicted of the lesser crime, perjury, for lying to the FBI.
Want the Short List delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up!
Secular stagnation is an old idea which received an intellectual revival in 2013, when Mr Summers, who not long before was one of Barack Obama's chief economic advisors, began to deliver speeches on the topic. It describes a world in which there are lots of savings and comparatively few attractive places to invest them. The excess of saving over investment represents a shortfall in demand, and weak demand shows up in anaemic growth figures and low inflation.
That isn't that hard to understand. Should capital flow to China? Given the massive investment the country has experienced over the last 15 years the return on new capital might not be especially high; meanwhile, controls on capital flows into and out of the country still make investing there more of a challenge than investing in rich economies. Many of the emerging economies with financial markets that are developed enough to handle portfolio inflows are not obviously in a position to deliver high returns: think of Brazil or Russia, for example. In much of the emerging world large-scale portfolio investment is basically impossible; foreign-direct investment is the only real option, and FDI cannot be done well at scale. That is in some ways a good thing. In countries with weak institutions a tidal wave of foreign capital could cause more harm than good. And even the limited investment that is made is illiquid, and while returns may be good on average the variance is high.
In music, the source code for a composition is usually expressed as musical notation. In that respect, music that is to be performed is akin to a scripting language (like PHP or Javascript), which (barring deliberate obfuscation), is delivered to the interpreter in readable form. Bach released his works hundreds of years ago, and while the notes and ideas themselves have long been part of the public domain, the individual editions of his work, complete with skilled engraving, editorial opinion from musicologists, and performance tips from famous performers, are usually protected from copying and derivative use by copyright.
The earnestness was palpable. The Project M crew baked pie and brewed coffee. They crimped crusts with forks and piled on pears and pecans gathered and delivered by neighbors. They designed Web sites for the Hale County Humane Society and created logos for the nearby city of Northport.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
( ) with the MIME type . The broadcast receiver must also require the permission. In your activity that delivers new messages, include an intent filter for ACTION_SENDTO ( "android.intent.action.SENDTO" ) with schemas, sms: , smsto: , mms: , and mmsto: . This allows your app to receive intents from other apps that want to deliver a message.
<manifest> ... <application> <!-- BroadcastReceiver that listens for incoming SMS messages --> <receiver android:name=".SmsReceiver" android:permission="android.permission.BROADCAST_SMS"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.provider.Telephony.SMS_DELIVER" /> </intent-filter> </receiver> <!-- BroadcastReceiver that listens for incoming MMS messages --> <receiver android:name=".MmsReceiver" android:permission="android.permission.BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.provider.Telephony.WAP_PUSH_DELIVER" /> <data android:mimeType="application/vnd.wap.mms-message" /> </intent-filter> </receiver> <!-- Activity that allows the user to send new SMS/MMS messages --> <activity android:name=".ComposeSmsActivity" > <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.intent.action.SEND" /> <action android:name="android.intent.action.SENDTO" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" /> <data android:scheme="sms" /> <data android:scheme="smsto" /> <data android:scheme="mms" /> <data android:scheme="mmsto" /> </intent-filter> </activity> <!-- Service that delivers messages from the phone "quick response" --> <service android:name=".HeadlessSmsSendService" android:permission="android.permission.SEND_RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE" android:exported="true" > <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.intent.action.RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE" /> <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" /> <data android:scheme="sms" /> <data android:scheme="smsto" /> <data android:scheme="mms" /> <data android:scheme="mmsto" /> </intent-filter> </service> </application> </manifest>
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
“It’s not a good deal for consumers if you pay $10 for 10 channels, and you were paying $10 for 100, and I think that there’s been some quite serious academic work that that’s a possibly, a very likely possibility,” Powell told lawmakers. “And so while the concern is respectable and noble, and one that we should continue to work on, I think we have our profound doubts that a la carte would actually deliver a lower-cost product to the American consumer.”
NEW DELHI: Ringing Bells , a little-known company that ran into controversy after announcing a Rs 251 'smartphone' , today claimed it will start deliveries of the handset to customers from June 28.Deliveries will start to customers who have registered for buying the phone, Noida-based company's director Mohit Goel said."We will start shipment of Freedom251 from June 28 to customers who paid for it earlier on COD (cash-on-delivery) basis," he told .Ringing Bells began selling the handset, Freedom251, via its website in February. But the launch of the smartphone, touted to be the world's cheapest, swirled into controversy, with some calling it a ponzy scheme .Also, the website of the company crashed during two-day sale due to huge response from prospective buyers. The company claimed that around 30,000 customers had booked the phone despite the glitch.The company, however, withdrew the product and refunded the payments to customers following a close scrutiny by government agencies.The company had said about 30,000 people paid for booking the phone and over 7 crore people registered for it.Later, the company said that it would deliver the phone on cash-on-delivery mode to those who placed the order.Goel said that Ringing Bells has a foolproof plan to support the price but did not disclose it.Ringing Bells president Ashok Chaddha had explained earlier that the manufacturing cost of the phone was about Rs 2,500, which had to be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.He had said that the company would make phones in India that would lead to 13.8% savings on duties and further save on cost by selling it online.The phone was to be manufactured in Noida and Uttaranchal."Two plants will be set up for Rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones. The money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.5:1)," Chaddha had said.However, industry players had expressed doubt over the claim. Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad too had asked the Department of Electronics and IT to look into the matter.The company had also come under the scanner of Excise and Income Tax Departments amid debate over the feasibility of a 3G-enabled handset for Rs 251.
“FIFA thanks Mr. Mutko for his invaluable contribution to the preparations for the competition so far,” the governing body said. “FIFA will continue to work in close collaboration with the LOC (local organizing committee) under its new leadership as well as with the Russian government, the Russian Football Union and the host cities with the aim to deliver an exceptional event in June and July.”
A few cling to the hope that even if he were elected and tried to deliver on his pledges, he would be stymied by Congress, the courts or other impediments. “Policy has to be built on reality, and if you are elected, you cannot disregard reality — not even Trump,” said another official.
Trump’s anti-trade rhetoric is not unheard of in Europe, where nationalist parties in Britain, Denmark, the Netherlands, Greece and France espouse similar themes. Many officials here trace such sentiments to the continued effects of the 2008-2009 financial crisis and the “sense that trade did not deliver all of its promises,” as one put it.
It's always fun to remember stories like the following one the next time you hear some RIAA exec claim that it represents musicians. The RIAA represents the record labels and record labels are continually at odds with musicians -- sometimes to extreme levels. Wired reported that EMI/Virgin Records had sued the band 30 Seconds To Mars for $30 million recently. The band is apparently fronted by movie star Jared Leto, and is considered something of a success. Its last album went platinum and won some awards. So why the lawsuit? Well, EMI implied that the band failed to deliver its latest record on time, but members of the band have now responded with a very different story. Wired now points us to the response from 30 Seconds To Mars , where the band notes that the lawsuit appears to have a lot more to do with the band opting out of its contract. The band points out that, under California law, a contract of more than seven years is not valid -- and the contract EMI held with the band was for nine years.So why opt out? Perhaps this has something to do with it:This is, of course, rather par for the course in the recording industry. As Courtney Love explained years ago , it's quite rare for a recording artist to ever see a dime of royalties from selling music. The label gives the band an "advance" which really isn't that much, and then uses some funky accounting tricks to claim all of the band's royalties as paying off that advance as well as covering other fees involved in the marketing and distribution of the album. In this case, apparently, despite selling 2 million records, EMI is still claiming that the band has $1.4 million to pay back. Not so long ago, we noted that Lyle Lovett was in the same boat : 4.6 million albums sold, no royalties paid.So, at what point will the press and politicians stop buying the RIAA's claims that it's looking out for the musicians and trying to get them paid? The RIAA has always been in the business ofpaying musicians.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Instead of hinting at any sort of deal to end the demonstrations, Erdogan immediately delivered a speech angrily condemning the protesters as “terrorists,” and insisting that what had started as a minor “environmental” protest was now full of crazed terror groups determined to “burn and destroy.”
In its biggest acquisition since it bought Norway’s videoconferencing company Tandberg for $3.3 billion in 2009, Cisco said NDS was a strategic fit for its video system Videoscape, as NDS’ software allows cable and satellite TV companies to deliver encrypted content through televisions and other devices.
The competing narratives highlight the escalating animosity between the Kasich and Trump campaigns -- a dynamic that's likely to continue unhindered as Donald Trump delivers his biggest speech yet Thursday.
Nevada was the beginning of the end of the Democratic primary. Now that end looks very much in sight after Saturday in South Carolina. The state delivered the unequivocal victory the Clinton campaign has been waiting for – and provided further evidence that Sanders can’t match her in a diverse electorate.
Clinton delivered a strong performance that proved her appeal to a multiracial America. Still, it’s too early to write off Bernie Sanders – he has, after all, already defied the pundits by getting much further than expected. And his campaign still claims he can chart a narrow path to victory by stringing together wins in smaller (predominantly white) Super Tuesday states like Vermont, Minnesota, Massachusetts, Colorado and Oklahoma. But his path to victory looks highly unlikely.
In some ways, it's much more difficult to translate the work of Golden Age artists to 3D than it is more modern creators like Jim Lee, but Tim Bruckner delivered another winner with this sculpt. Bob Kane's cover is elegantly brought to life, and the image of Robin leaping onto the stage offers a striking design to add to your Batman collection. The various Robins aren't terribly well represented in statue form, but at least the Dynamic Duo have this piece to celebrate their partnership.
From: sbwhoeop[Redacted] To: H: Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:03] 2009 Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid CONFIDENTIAL October 8, 2009 For: Hillary From: Sid Re: Latest/N. Ireland After five hours of talk at Downing Street tonight, Thursday, October 8, Shaun Woodward tells me that it seems Gordon Brown has brokered a financial package with Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness that may in turn break the deadlock of devolution of policing and justice. They have covered the major issues in stage two in their discussions. On Monday, Brown will formally set out the details in a letter to Robinson and McGuinness. Gordon will share these with you when you meet with him on Sunday at Chequers. Shaun says that both Robinson and McGuinness, subject to some minor details, should be in a position to recommend to Unionists and Nationalists that this is a strong deal. The letter will confirm the details. [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] I hope that’s right. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:04] 2009 Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid Pls print. Sent: Thursday, October 08, 2009 8:10:04 PM To: Humamabedin[Redacted] Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. [Northern Ireland] negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid Attachments: hrc memo n. ireland 100809.docx *** From: sbwhoeop[Redacted] To: H Sent: Sun Oct 11 [8:46:43] 2009 Subject: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid CONFIDENTIAL October 11, 2009 For: Hillary From: Sid Re: Your speech and meeting on Monday I have not seen your speech obviously that you will deliver Monday morning at Stormont. Shaun tells me that it’s a good speech, and you’re right not to instruct the parties what to do but to encourage them to address why completing devolution needs to be done [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] That’s it. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Monday Oct 12 02:06:15 2009 Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid Pls print From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] Sent: Monday, October 12, 2009 2:11:38 AM To: humamabedin[Redacted] Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid Attachments: hrc memo ni [sic] meeting 101209 docx *** From: H HDR22@clintonemail.com To: Sullivan, Jacob J Sent: Sun Oct 25 11:13:17 2009 Subject: Re: Honduras First, Tom’s travel date hasn’t been set – will be Tuesday or Wednesday we think. He is coordinating with Don Restrepo to see if they can go together [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy”] So that’s where we are. We’ll have more to report tomorrow. *** From Sullivan, Jacob J SullivanJJ@state.gov To: H Sent: Sun Oct 25 [11:49:45] 2009 Subject: Re: Honduras Sounds good. There will be those who take a hard line on the elections, but perhaps some fence-sitting countries could be persuaded on conditional recognition. I’ll flag it for Tom and Craig. From: H To: Huma Abedin Sent: Mon Oct 26 07:27:12 2009 Subject: Fw: Honduras All of this did not print last night, It stopped after Fourth! [Redacted due to information “kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] [Emphasis added] From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] Sent: Monday, October 26, 2009 8:06:12 AM To: humaabedin [Redacted] Subject: Fw: Honduras
He told the investigator that the woman, about 26, had sold subscriptions to his mother. When she didn’t deliver them, his mother got upset and so did he.
Still, he is relishing this state of free-flowing creativity, energized by his packed schedule. In hot pursuit of these current lines of investigation and contemplation, last December he delivered a double-header of lectures, back-to-back on the same day, at the University of Edinburgh, where he has been an honorary professor since 1997. He is keen to share his new ideas and, he hopes, attract supporters. To that end, in November he hosted a conference at the Royal Society of Edinburgh on “The Science of Beauty.” Quanta Magazine sat down with Atiyah at the Royal Society gathering and afterward, whenever he slowed down long enough to take questions. What follows is an edited version of those catch-as-catch-can conversations.
Mungo Man has given us a rich insight into a dynamic and ancient world. He has delivered an exciting range of scientific firsts, played a significant role in the establishment of the Willandra Lakes as a world heritage area, and, for many Indigenous people, his status has given a sense of pride to the very notion of being Aboriginal. As one of the two foundational burials, with Mungo Lady, he exemplifies Aboriginal Australia’s proudest traditions of antiquity and cultural development on the international stage.
The return opens a new chapter, one in which the voices from the past – the voices from those graves – return in spirit with the bones. My burden remains to speak to and for those voices, to interpret their meaning and to deliver in their death the messages they may have voiced in life.
I was concerned about how possible it was for a 5 yr old girl to deliver scientifically but Mr. BrownJay has answered my question beautifully by supplying that the girl got her period when she was 8 months old. That means she developed prematurely, same thing with the 8yr old Nigerian girl. But na wa o! @ yousouph, you were right.I was concerned about how possible it was for a 5 yr old girl to deliver scientifically but Mr. BrownJay has answered my question beautifully by supplying that the girl got her period when she was 8 months old. That means she developed prematurely, same thing with the 8yr old Nigerian girl. But na wa o!
Backers have put in over a million bucks for this robot to deliver high-tech voice recognition, object handling, and features similar to your personal computer, but it’s ability to fulfill its promises aren’t looking so good. Alpha 2 was demoed at CES 2016 during a CNET interview, and it pretty much failed at performing the promised features: voice recognition, dancing, and basic motor skills. The whole thing was caught on tape, and it’s pretty hard to watch without cringing into a raisin. Warning. Awkwardness ensues.
My question is: Are the American people going to give Ryan's serial lying a pass? Is it okay to voters that the GOP vice presidential nominee delivered the speech well but his content was pure poison? Have we become so immune to lies that it's the new normal?
VRcade is the world’s first virtual reality services facility, located in Seattle Washington. Our aim is to create a virtual reality experience that cannot yet be obtained in the home without spending 100’s or even 1000’s of dollars. We have created our own platform, which is a combination of custom and 3rd-party hardware and software, which when combined, deliver the exact experience we wanted to achieve. The result of our years of hard work allow us to deliver a level of intuitive interaction, fidelity, range, and flexibility, exceeding what users are currently used to in the home. We then take all of this technology and let you enjoy it! There are no longer any barriers to a quality VR experience.
On top of that, we deliver the whole experience to up to 4 users wirelessly, removing the need for a pesky tether of cables that can disconnect a user from the immersion we are trying to maintain. The end result is so immersive, that your mammal brain knows it couldn't possibly be real, but your reptilian brain responds as though it is. This experience delivers the first steps to the promise of VR we all remember from the 90's, and it's only going to get better from here.
5.Poor Numbers, by Morten Jerven One of the most urgent challenges in African economic development is to devise a strategy for improving statistical capacity. Reliable statistics, including estimates of economic growth rates and per-capita income, are basic to the operation of governments in developing countries and vital to nongovernmental organizations and other entities that provide financial aid to them. Rich countries and international financial institutions such as the World Bank allocate their development resources on the basis of such data. The paucity of accurate statistics is not merely a technical problem; it has a massive impact on the welfare of citizens in developing countries. Where do these statistics originate? How accurate are they? Poor Numbers is the first analysis of the production and use of African economic development statistics. Morten Jerven's research shows how the statistical capacities of sub-Saharan African economies have fallen into disarray. The numbers substantially misstate the actual state of affairs. As a result, scarce resources are misapplied. Development policy does not deliver the benefits expected. Policymakers' attempts to improve the lot of the citizenry are frustrated. Donors have no accurate sense of the impact of the aid they supply. Jerven’s findings from sub-Saharan Africa have far-reaching implications for aid and development policy. As Jerven notes, the current catchphrase in the development community is "evidence-based policy," and scholars are applying increasingly sophisticated econometric methods—but no statistical techniques can substitute for partial and unreliable data.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Mr Corbyn has already unveiled his plan to present an alternative Queen’s Speech next week - including pledges to keep the winter fuel allowance, protecting the pensions triple lock and scrapping the bedroom tax, which he hopes will entice enough Tory MPs to deliver a government defeat.
Looking around at holiday decorations and sales, we noticed an alarming lack of zombies.We need to fix that.To help you spread the zombie cheer through the holiday seasons, we have put the games on sale today for 75% off. This includes Left 4 Dead Left 4 Dead 2 , the bundles, the four packs – everything is 75% off today!We also put all our L4D & L4D2 merchandise on sale at the Valve store . This includes the holiday cards at 75% discount! ( L4D1 L4D2 ) We also have shirts, posters, mouse pads and more on sale.One of the most requested gift items we see is the health kit back pack. We don’t sell them but Glitch Gaming Apparel does. If you use the coupon code “I Love L4D2”, you will get $4 off any order.I know what some of you are thinking, you are NOT a last minute gift kind of person. You are a preparing for the Zombie Apocalypse kind of person. You prepare early. Your 2011 gifts were delivered last June. You are picking out your Halloween decorations this week. You're thinking about your 2012 gifts already. We respect that. For you we have an articulated action figure boomer . It was created by NECA and will go on sale early next spring for under $20 at major retailers. Just in time for your 2012 holiday gift buying.
WASHINGTON — Sierra Nevada Corp. (SNC), who won one of three contracts from NASA in January to deliver cargo to the International Space Station, said July 11 that it is has completed the first milestone under that award.
It is now a week on from the election and it's clear voters have delivered a firm rebuff to the Greens' campaign that farmers were not doing enough to protect the environment.
The US Navy has awarded Saab a contract to deliver its Sea Giraffe agile multi beam (AMB), multi-mode radar (MMR) for the US Coast Guard’s offshore Patrol Cutters.
(In a 17-day stretch starting Feb. 19), ours is Indiana here, at Ohio State, at Michigan and Wisconsin here. That's concentrated. If you threw something in there, like Penn State, then you at least have some breathing room. You have to get up for every game. That's harder than the NCAA tournament. In the NCAA tournament, there's more space in between. We just came off three games in six days. When you're traveling and going to school, that's hard. When everybody tries to compare these conferences, there is no comparison. I've been in this 30 years. There's no comparison to what the top teams in our league are going through.
The deadly attack threw one of the world's busiest airports into chaos as terrified passengers fled Terminal 3, some gathering on the airside tarmac under the wings of waiting planes. Others locked themselves in bathrooms as security officers sought to fell the shooter, ultimately engaging him in gunfire which resulted in shots to his mouth and leg, and taking him into custody.
Passenger Sarah Richardson said: "We heard a lot of loud gunshots. My colleague threw me to the ground and we were scrambling. Somebody told us to make a run for it. We got into a room and they pulled a coffee machine in front of the door. We could hear gunshots outside.
The UN threw The UN threw this shit out there in response to Charlottesville:
More important than the new firearms, though, are the creatures you'll wield them against. Gears of War 4 introduces two new factions, the crusty Swarm and the COG's army of automatons or "Dee Bees". They share a number of familiar combat archetypes - units that pin you down, skirmishers that flush you out, and the odd towering bullet sponge equipped with a power weapon. But each faction boasts a few oddballs that may throw veteran players off-balance. The Dee Bees occasionally field Guardians, slippery UAVs that sport a chaingun or a rocket launcher (detachable, once you've shot the vehicle down) plus a recharging energy shield. Their rolling Tracker units are Kamikaze terrain denial weapons, exploding at your feet to create a brief but deadly puddle of static electricity.
A recent profile of Dobson sheds some light on these questions. As it turns out, Dobson’s parents physically and mentally abused him as a child, and he once got beaten up in school by a kid even Dobson admits was widely acknowledged to be a “sissy.” The article in a Denver magazine called “5280″ makes Dobson’s mother, Myrtle, sound like a real piece of work. Notes writer Eileen Welsome: Myrtle [tag]Dobson[/tag] was an amiable and social woman, but she didn’t hesitate to whack her son with a shoe or belt when she felt it was required. Consequently, Dobson writes, he learned at an early age to stay out of striking distance when he back-talked to his mother. One day he made the mistake of mouthing off when she was only four feet away and heard a 16-pound girdle whistling through the air. “The intended blow caught me across the chest, followed by a multitude of straps and buckles wrapping themselves around my midsection.” The girdle incident did not dampen his defiance, however. One evening, after Dobson’s mother forbid him from going to a dance, the recalcitrant teenager told her that he was going anyway; she picked up the telephone and called her husband. “I need you,” she said. The article continues: “‘What happened in the next few days shocked me down to my toes,’ writes Dobson.” His father canceled the next four years’ worth of speaking engagements, put the Oklahoma house up for sale, and took a pastor’s job in San Benito, Texas, a small town near the Mexican border. Dobson had two years of high school left, and when he started classes he found himself the target of a couple of bullies. Rather than turn the other cheek, Dobson wheeled around and threw his schoolbooks in the face of one annoying youth. “By the time he could see me again I was on top of him,” Dobson writes. Dobson also tried a little bullying himself, targeting a boy whom he sized up as a “sissy.” But the boy gave him such a thrashing that Dobson concluded bullying wasn’t for him. Elsewhere the story notes that in the Dobson household there were “a million rules…regulations and prohibitions for almost every imaginable situation.” Dobson recalls being “chewed out for using the expression ‘Hot dog!’ and forbidden from uttering ‘darn,’ ‘geez,’ or ‘dad-gummit’ because they were considered shorthand swear words.” Even more alarming, Dobson admits in one of his books that as a child he arranged a fight between two mismatched dogs. The battle involved a tenacious bulldog and a “sweet, passive Scottie named Baby,” and Dobson provoked it by throwing a tennis ball toward Baby. He writes what happened next: “The bulldog went straight for Baby’s throat and hung on. It was an awful scene. Neighbors came running from everywhere as the Scottie screamed in terror. It took ten minutes and a garden hose for the adults to pry loose the bulldog’s grip. By then Baby was almost dead. He spent two weeks in the animal hospital, and I spent two weeks in the doghouse. I was hated by the entire town.” As any child psychologist will tell you, this type of cruelty toward animals is a sign of a serious psychological disturbance.
Years before Manchester City batted an eyelash toward Abu Dhabi, it was Abramovich’s takeover at Chelsea that established the archetype of the shady superbillionaire who buys a soccer team to use as his personal plaything. The old, established hierarchy of powerful clubs — the Manchester United/Real Madrid cohort — certainly ran on money, but even the top clubs were shocked by the sums Abramovich could casually throw around — £21 million for Shaun Wright-Phillips, £24 million for Drogba, £31 million for (gulp) Andriy Shevchenko. Not all these players worked out (see previous gulp), but what difference did that make when Chelsea could go back to the well for £30 million whenever they felt like it? European soccer, which had no salary cap, no luxury tax, very little revenue sharing, no draft — almost no parity-fostering features at all — had no defense against this. Chelsea looked upon the dynamics of the sports economy and just luxuriantly did not give a shit. Any player in the world was potentially theirs for the taking.
People (including me) still complain about Chelsea and their money, but the truth is that they’ve been pretty normal for a pretty long time. Manchester City has more or less taken over the “crazed and embattled vessel of the super-rich” role at this point, with the difference being that their most provocative antics now feel kind of homespun and familiar, because Chelsea’s already been there. Soccer has a way of assimilating whatever weird new challenges the clubs throw at it, and the aging squad of ex-controversialists at Stamford Bridge is proof that the game will still be there when Carlos Tevez finally calms down.
There is also attentiveness to space. Victorian Londoners used to tour urban infrastructure, including sewage pumping stations, curious to know how it all worked. Far fewer people today think about what happens where they flush the toilet, make a phone call, or throw something in the bin - what kind of process that triggers and what sort of physical spaces are required to make those things possible. As Alan Weisman made clear in his book The World Without Us, the time it would take for the city to begin to break down and deteriorate if we stopped maintaining it is incredibly short.
Travelling to Hull the next day, practically a stone’s throw away on the other side of the river Humber, took almost two hours because there is no proper train connection. Local entrepreneurs told me how fed up they were with the bad infrastructure and the lack of investment from Westminster. I heard “you in London” a lot, even though I was only a temporary Londoner for two months.
It's bustling, rowdy and a bit rough-and-ready, and that's all part of the appeal. This family-run restaurant is hard to beat when it comes to hearty, home-style Greek fare. Select from a list of mezedes, which includes homemade dips, classic zucchini fritters with tzatziki and Aunty Thea Ellie's tiropita (crisp, golden pastry filled with a mixture of warm feta and ricotta cheese, $6). Generous servings of souvlaki come with salad for $15, or $5 per skewer. In addition to traditional yiros (kebabs) at $10 a plate, there's a range of grilled seafood, including octopus, prawns, calamari and scallops (all under $20). You can bring your own wine (corkage $2) and they'll throw in the party atmosphere for free.
Not everyone likes to hear this, but it’s true: Alex Smith is the consummate game manager. He doesn’t throw interceptions because he doesn’t take chances. In the system Andy Reid has built for him, that’s fine. The Chiefs manufacture a passing game through pre-snap motion and shifts, and intertwined route combinations that create defined reads for the quarterback, usually at the shorter intermediate levels. Here’s a classic example:
Since leading the Broncos to a snowy Sunday night upset over the Patriots, Brock Osweiler has been asked to mostly just manage games. Many of Osweiler’s throws have been on simplified route concepts at the short-intermediate levels. The results have been good and bad. Ultimately, if Denver is to advance this postseason, Gary Kubiak will have to lengthen his 25-year-old quarterback’s leash. Fortunately, Kubiak’s system is already equipped to do that, thanks to its heavy emphasis on zone play action. This approach naturally slices the field in half, which helps any QB.
"I wouldn't expect him to do anything different,'' Wade said. "He's done it for every game he's played. So why change it just for one game? If he doesn't throw it up, I'll throw it up for him. That's what he does. You cannot stop doing what you do. Moreso than anything, that's his ritual. That's what gets him ready for the game.
Police said they detained the protesters after they threw stones and water bottles at officers and blamed the violence on opposition leaders who attempted to stage a sit-in protest in the middle of the crowd.
“In every case described to us, the perpetrators were uniformed members of the security forces, almost all military personnel,” the report carefully notes. Most of the documented attacks involved gangs of soldiers attacking individual women. Nura Begum, 35, tried to prevent her four children from seeing what was happening to her. “I kept screaming and saying not to rape me in front of the children. But they did what they wanted to my body.” Akash Abdul described how she and her younger sister tried to flee after watching security forces kill the other members of their family. “As we got to the edge of the village two soldiers grabbed me,” she said. “They threw me to the ground and then raped me.” She was 14 years old.
Despite clear indications of involvement by the nation’s security forces, the Egyptian government is left with what might be called the stupidity defence. As the Egyptian ambassador to Rome put it: “We’re not so naive as to kill a young Italian and throw away his body the day of Minister Guidi’s visit to Cairo.”
“I would tell people that labor should reward its friends and punish its enemies,” said Frank Golden, business representative and organizer for District Council 4 in the Chicago area, quoting American Federation of Labor founder Samuel Gompers. “I use that as a stepping stone and tell these people, because we got a little time to go, and just throw that straight at them as a reminder.”
“None will live long enough to make it to trial, they will hire excellent lawyers. … They’ll delay and throw legal roadblocks in the way until they have died safely in their beds, but it’s the point of doing it.”
All he did was make OU a national power again, and lead the Sooners to the College Football Playoff – something that seemed like a pipedream this time last season. Mayfield threw for 35 touchdowns, and rushed for seven more, had 3,383 yards passing and completed nearly 70 percent of his throws.
Last season, with essentially the same two-deep depth chart, Oklahoma’s quarterbacks threw for 17 TDS and 17 INTs and the Sooners lost five games. But the impact of Mayfield goes far beyond numbers.
Now, though, Castro’s doing it again, dominating High-A hitters by filling the zone and missing enough bats to stay interesting, and this second successful run commands a bit more attention. After all, Castro’s just 22 and he throws with his left hand.
Castro’s listed at 5’11” and 190 pounds, and size is certainly not a positive for him. As you might expect from a small lefty control artist, he’s not an especially hard thrower, though he works consistently at 88-91 mph, which isn’t particularly poor for a lefthanded starter. Castro throws both a four-seam and a two-seam fastball, the latter of which helps him get groundballs.
He has the stuff to make that jump, though, with a polished three-pitch mix that includes an 89-93 mph running fastball, a 72-76 mph big-breaking curveball, and an 80-84 mph sinking changeup. His fastball/changeup combination is solid, and both are solid-average pitches; the curveball flashes higher than both of them and could be a plus offering, but he’s not consistent with his usage of it. Sometimes he’ll fall in love with the pitch and throw it 50% of the time for an inning, while others he’ll abandon it altogether. Here’s a look at the pitch flummoxing touted Red Sox prospect Manuel Margot:
Everything else is a work in progress, which is why Senzatela doesn’t miss many bats. He throws a slider, curve, and changeup, all of which grade out as 30 or 35-grade pitches on the 20-80 scouting scale. The 71-75 mph curve is very soft and doesn’t have the big break required to make a pitch that slow work, the slider lacks bite, and the changeup doesn’t have good movement either, though it does have good velocity separation at 77-82 mph. Every now and then, Senzatela will flash up to fringe-average with his offspeed pitches, lending hope that he’ll take some steps forward in that department as time goes on. The curve, in particular, has some potential if he can tighten it up some, an adjustment that is quite common for pitchers at this developmental stage. All he needs is one of his secondary pitches to come around to profile as a good relief pitcher, and if the whole set can come up to average, he’ll be a good #4 starter. There’s some risk involved here because of the inadequacy of his current offspeed arsenal, but Senzatela’s easy velocity can’t be taught, and he has time to figure everything else out.
A judge threw out the needle results this week after lawyers argued it was done with excessive force and in unsanitary conditions.
The event was violently dispersed by Israeli soldiers who fired stun grenades at the students after a few boys threw stones towards the checkpoint.
Key points – Make sure you pop up hard onto the toes of your standing leg to help achieve a good snap in the kick and to help it reach the head. Saenchai makes it look so easy mainly because he has such loose hip flexors, better get stretching if you want to throw it as smoothly as he does.
Once you understand the quick footwork required, this highly explosive teep combination will send your opponent flying across the ring whilst making you look like an absolute baller: Throw a front leg teep, then as it lands back on the floor, quickly drag your rear foot up to the front. Now throw your front knee up and jump up off your rear foot. As you’re in mid-air, throw the rear teep. Having blasted your opponent with your rear foot, bring it back behind you so that you land in your normal stance.
Saenchai uses this classic technique better than anyone: Deceitfully throw a rear round kick chamber out wide to draw a front leg check from your opponent. As they are balanced on one leg, lean back and extend your foot straight down the middle to send them collapsing into a puddle of gullible shame.
Missing A Kick By staying face on to your opponent after you throw and miss a kick, you’re telling the judges that you have complete control of your movements. Also, if you’re looking at your opponent after a miss, it’s easier to detect any incoming counter attacks (sorry to state the painfully obvious). So, next time you miss a kick and swing around in a full circle whilst raising an anticipatory check in foolish panic as you present your back to your opponent, slap yourself. Saenchai would not be pleased.
#3. Elbows Notice how small his movements are when he throws his elbow strikes. When timed properly, elbows do enough damage without the need to dedicate your entire body weight and mortgage behind the shot. You unnecessarily risk losing balance if you over commit. Rear Cross Elbow Watch how he steps out at a 45 degree angle with his lead foot. This allows the elbow to travel in a wider arc and build more momentum which will create a more powerful blow. Most people make the mistake of stepping straight forward when throwing the elbow which limits the strike’s power. Key point – Step out at 45 degrees. Countering Knee With Up-Elbow Watch how he waits for Pakorn to commit to the knee before stepping in with his own elbow counter. This strike is best thrown as a counter against your opponent’s movement. Key point – He doesn’t just blindly throw the strike hoping it will hit. Countering Hook With Up-Elbow Key point – Reach out and meet the punch to prevent your opponent locking on a collar tie. #4. The Clinch Fuck clinching with Saenchai. Ever. Duck under A powerful position to obtain. This essentially turns your opponent into your bitch. Notice how Saenchai blocks Pakorn’s elbow after clearing the arm to avoid being struck by it? Ensure you also pull your opponent at a downward 45 degree angle to break their balance. Key point – block the elbow and take a big step with your rear knee to load up the strike. Cross face As your opponent reaches to collar tie you, duck under their arm and push their face in the opposite direction to lock out their arm and completely fuck with their body’s mechanics. It’s essential to pull this move off quickly to avoid being countered as you do it. Key point – do it fast. Body head knee combo This isn’t related to clinch, but it’s a wicked combination I wanted to share. Key point – Exaggerate the duck down as you throw the overhand to sell it like a body shot, this will help lower your opponent’s guard and increase your chances of putting him to bed. (Thank you to Yokkao for putting this seminar together and allowing me to film. To all the Pakorn fans wondering why I left him out, it’s because he didn’t do any teaching. He’s still a legend in his own right, he just didn’t have any relevance to this article!) Bonus Saenchai Technique Breakdown Video
Another item that is important to keep handy this summer is the Chillz Cooling Wrapz. This washable, durable cloth will stay cool for hours once it’s been wet with cool water. Make sure you’re prepared for the heat we’re sure to endure this summer. Be sure to stop by the store if you need any of these items. Or throw them in your shopping cart right now.
So, by doing this, as my “new year’s resolution” – Whatever kind of meaningless dribble people throw up on their facebook walls, as if to tell the world that this year they’ll be different, this very year they’ll increase their own self esteem by sorting after other peers appreciation of their own divisiveness to change. When in the very, very sad reality people don’t change – You never really change, you can regret a decision and improve on that decision but your mistakes WILL “haunt” (as if to say your past and your previous decisions were a different beings choices, and not your own which you didn’t, for even a slight second think of the repercussions) you for the rest of your life.
I would say all of this foreshadowing at least points to Touka’s dissatisfaction and possibly the confrontation causing her to lose consciousness. She might even throw herself in front of Kaneki to protect him, since the person in the poem and the song both willingly throw themselves.
LeBron’s performance in Game 5 of the 2007 Eastern Conference finals was at least as memorable. 48 points, nine rebounds, seven assists, and two steals in 50 minutes played. He threw down dunk after dunk, a signature of LeBron (and a reason everybody wants to see him in the dunk contest on All-Star weekend).
For those very reasons, I’ll take LeBron’s Game 6 performance over Jordan’s Game 2 or flu game. As for “clutch” storybook endings, LeBron and Jordan both have theirs. Somehow this is a requirement to be considered the greatest of all time because you need a moment that even non-basketball fans can say ‘wow, that guy is special.’ Jordan’s got the crossover of Bryon Russell when he sunk the free throw line jumper in the 1998 NBA Finals and LeBron’s got the fade-away three-pointer at the end of regulation in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals.
Goodman: These schools believe that behaviors that you might not think are directly related to academic learning can have a domino effect if left unaddressed. Getting up from your chair to go to the bathroom without explicit permission, for example, or not having your hands folded on your desk, or not looking at the teacher every minute, or not having your feet firmly planted on each side of the center of the desk are problematic behaviors. Because if you don’t conform to these rules then you are going to precipitate the next domino and the next domino. It’s going to have a cascading effect on your behavior and pretty soon you’re going to be very disruptive. If you get up to sharpen your pencil, maybe you’re going to throw your pencil at someone. Or if you get up and get something out of your backpack that you forgot, maybe you’re going to elbow another student on your way back to your seat, or make eye contact with them and divert them from looking at the teacher. Any one of these little behaviors they see as leading to the next behavior. Before you know it there will be bedlam.
Watching the game, you watch Russell play, and he does a lot of things in his life that I respect and that I like, and his kind of character, the way he handles thing; so I love rooting for him as well. You watch him, he goes off and throws 4 picks, the NFC Championship, it is in your home stadium, you feel like you are letting your everybody down, but he kept his head down, kept the faith and kept fighting, kept believing, kept leading his teammates.
DC: For me, I want to go out and be more efficient. This past year I said I’m going to go out and play as hard as I can, just do everything I possibly can to win a football game, throw it wherever I need to, try to fit it into windows to help us win. Record wise we weren’t doing very well, so I tried putting it all on my shoulders. There as a spurt in the middle of the season where I was turning the ball over, and that was related to me trying to do too much. So, I said, “ya know what, I’m going to finish the season off thinking about my team, and thinking about not turning the ball over.”
DC: Having him would be amazing. Obviously, I’d love to play with him. I’d love to throw him the ball. His family are big time Raider fans. I know a lot about him, I think he’s a heck of a player and I think he would fit in with the group we already have. If we could add him, it would be great. We’ll see what happens, see what the front office wants to do. He’d be a great addition for our team.
Any actual reputational damage to Putin or Russia caused by the Panama Papers is in fact pretty trivial. For that cheap price, the Russians would have 1) exposed corrupt politicians everywhere, including in "model" Western democracies, and 2) fomented genuine destabilization in some Western countries. What I wonder, then: Is it a set-up? The Russians threw out the bait, and the United States gobbled it down. The Panama Paper stories run off Putin like water off a duck’s back. But they have a negative impact on Western stability. [...] Therefore, I suggest that the purpose of the Panama Papers operation may be this: It is a message directed at the Americans and other Western political leaders who could be mentioned but are not. The message is: "We have information on your financial misdeeds, too. You know we do. We can keep them secret if you work with us." In other words, the individuals mentioned in the documents are not the targets. The ones who are not mentioned are the targets.
The developer also throws out a few opinions throughout the general chat channel about mining centralization. “ASIC leads to centralization — Evil ASIC manufacturers want to take up Bitcoin,” the BTG developer emphasizes. News.Bitcoin.com briefly spoke with Bitcoin Gold’s lead developer who calls himself “H4x3” over the team’s Slack channel about the project. “I can confirm the PoW will be changed to Equihash and the fork date is October 25,” explains the developer. We sent some questions to Jack Liao and H4x3 because the lead developer told us our questions were “too sensitive” to answer alone. The BTG team has not yet responded to our emailed questions.
Two weeks after his forced dismissal, several colleagues threw a going-away party for the retired marine officer at the Army-Navy Club on Farragut Square, a few blocks from the White House. At least a dozen NSC staffers attended to fete the now-ex CIA liaison.
"It just breaks my heart to see someone hurting animals like that," said the person who recorded the surveillance video. "He throws them real high into the air and over the fence and they're hitting the ground. He came back outside with some pillow cases, grabbed the puppies up one by one, came out here to the drain and started shoving them into the drain."
The referees were less than impressed with his actions though and with five tenths of a second remaining on the clock awarded Pittsburgh two free throws for a technical foul for delaying play.
Ashton Gibbs proceeded to sink the two throws but missed with a half-court shot that would have tied the contest and sent it into overtime. Instead, Louisville edged the game 62-59.
In other news, Tsuyoshi Wada will throw his third bullpen session from a regular mound on Saturday, according to manager Buck Showalter. Wada threw 25 pitches today and said he continues to feel stronger.
The big 2-part Dark Matter season finale is coming up this Friday (I know … already) and to celebrate we had the opportunity to be a part of a conference call interview with several of the cast along with lead mystery wrangler, Joe Mallozzi. Joining Joe were Melissa O’Neil (Two), Jodelle Ferland (Five), Alex Mallari, Jr. (Four) and Roger Cross (Six) who answered every question we threw at them. It was a lot of fun and laughter accompanied most of the conversation. Everybody seemed to be enjoying themselves and with the exception of a few phone line issues, it went off without a hitch.
Cross: I still think Six kind of feels like he has to protect her, but he starts slowly realizing, “Wait a second, she’s smart.” There’s a comment, and it’s pretty subtle, too, that Joe wrote in there where they’re coming off the ship and she goes, “Oh, I would’ve just reprogrammed it.” And all of a sudden the bells go off and he’s like, “I didn’t know you knew how to program.” She throw him things and all of a sudden you’re like, well, maybe she’s not as helpless as she appears.
This enraged Ishant Sharma, who threw the ball down in anger and started a fight with Steven Smith before being moved away. Angry Ishant, too rarely seen, is by far the best Ishant.
Then there was the fact that about five minutes ago, Callum Ferguson was playing. Or that the selectors seemed to pick Renshaw on a whim, and then started to second guess themselves when they realised the India tour was coming up. And they also threw Nic Maddinson into Test matches while they publicly slated the man who has now replaced him.
Things are falling into place for the Pistons on the health front, it appears. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope threw a scare into Van Gundy when he limped off in the first quarter last Wednesday against Charlotte, but he’s on course to play Tuesday. He missed Sunday’s practice, but was scheduled to run on a treadmill with 100 percent body weight after taking it to 70 percent on Saturday.
The State Attorney's Office threw out Culbertson's case last year, just as jury selection was set to begin.
But in our official narrative, as far as all the media harrumphers and pundits were concerned, Sorenson was a serious Tea Party evangelical, driven by conservative principles, no matter how much those principles might ruffle mainstream two-party Establishment feathers, by gum!—just like Ron Paul. In early 2011, Sorenson’s endorsement was something taken seriously, as a matter of weighty Tea Party principle—and he threw in early for Michele Bachmann. As it turns out, he endorsed her, and became her Iowa campaign co-chairman, on a more familiar principle: Payment in kind. In secret and in violation of Iowa Senate ethics (and federal laws, once those bribes became falsified reports), the Bachmann campaign paid Sen. Sorenson nearly $8,000 per month in a clunky scheme in which Bachmann funds went through a couple of dummy companies and into Sorenson’s pocket.
Facing the legitimacy of those claims, the British – who controlled Kenya-, organized a referendum in the Kenyan area claimed by Somalia. 87% of the population, composed mainly of Somali ethnics, voted for the Somali unity. When the results were published, Jomo Kenyatta, a Kenyan nationalist leader, threatened the British to throw the colonists out if they gave a part of the territory up to Somalia. So Great Britain decided not to take the referendum into account, and today an important Somali community is still living in Kenya. You must understand that those colonial borders were a real disaster in the Somali case. The border issue was besides the object of an important debate among the African continent.
Breakers forward Tom Abercrombie throws down as easy dunk during the first quarter against the Sydney Kings at Vector Arena.
“I want them to be able to enjoy playing music and then they can throw themselves into the theory,” said Wong. “If they are playing music they do not like, they will not stick with it. I get them playing Adele right away and they love it.”
I've lived in China for close to six years and censorship has been a near constant, lurking in the background ready to "harmonize" the Web and throw a wrench in my online viewing.
“I couldn’t quite grasp what a 300 km ride would feel like or if I was even physically fit enough to do one,” Krawczyk who is from B.C. explained about the challenge of the ride. “I had taken a two-year hiatus from cycling after moving to Ontario due to an injury, and only started training seriously again as of January. This was the biggest mental factor – the worry of not being up to snuff by this point just yet. I was training primarily for racing, and not for long distance endurance stuff. I tried to throw in the occasional century but nothing longer than a 100 km since the beginning of the year.”
You can throw other logs on the fire: agents provocateur in the media; the release of violent immigrant criminals from US prisons; the seeding of the population with massive amounts of psychiatric drugs (SSRI antidepressants) that scramble brains and push people over the edge into committing violent acts, including murder.
Garnett maintained, in the words of New Yorker editor David Remnick, “an ascetic lifelong routine of housekeeping, child-rearing, and translating.” She worked ceaselessly. D.H. Lawrence, who was a friend of Garnett’s, recalls seeing her sitting in her garden “turning out reams of her marvelous translations from the Russian. She would finish a page, and throw it off on a pile on the floor without looking up, and start a new page. That pile would be this high — really, almost up to her knees, and all magical.” In 1921, writer Katherine Mansfield sent a letter to Garnett: “As I laid down my copy of War & Peace tonight I felt I could no longer refrain from thanking you for the whole other world that you have revealed to us through these marvelous translations from the Russian,” she wrote. Of Garnett’s body of work, she said, “The books have changed our lives, no less.”
In an attempt to increase her resistance to pain he would drop hot sealing wax on her back and arms or stick pins in her, commanding her not to cry out. He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should tell no one. To increase her resistance to the cold, Day instructed Sidney to wade into Stowe Pool until the water reached her neck, then lie in the nearby meadow until her clothes and hair had dried in the sun. Finally, to test her resistance to luxury, he gave her a big box of handmade silk clothes and had her throw them on a fire. Day had limited success with these techniques. Sidney became able to endure hot wax dripped on her arm without flinching, but she did tell others of his secret techniques, and could not help screaming whenever he fired his gun at her.
He threw up on the field during his first practice in Minnesota, last month at rookie minicamp. Throughout the workouts with the full team over the past three-plus weeks, Böhringer has dropped plenty of passes.
To its credit, Disney threw a lot of support behind Toontown Online, including hosting a couple of player conventions that it called ToonFest. The first ToonFest was staged in 2006 and got a major publicity bump by the Disney Channel, with a second festival to follow in 2007. Another cool event was an in-game charity event in 2004 in which players recovered Cog-captured buildings to raise money for the Starlight Starbright Children’s Foundation.
Richard "Dick" Yuengling Jr. threw his support to Trump this week. He even gave Eric Trump a tour of the popular brewery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. Yuengling Jr. is a billionaire and head of the 187-year-old beer company, which his great-great grandfather founded.
The leadership tried to contain the situation by dialogue and discussion, there have been meetings after meetings to explain the matter in the hope that they would step back, but to no avail. Until the scholarly reconciliation initiative was launched of which we translated our position practically on the actual ground, with calls to meetings on the ground, removed far away from the talks in the media and its incitements. But they refused -and with strange obstinacy- to even sit despite the repeated calls. They threw against the wall every call to calmness.
She tried not to think about all the elaborate ways Robby’s family were enjoying themselves down in Florida. She swore she could smell the chocolate pie his mother made or his sister’s succulent cookies from 800 miles away. Most of all, Jessie tried not to think of how great it felt when Robby held her in his arms, even when he wore that ugly old Christmas sweater that he’d bought in college and refused to throw away.
Stonescar Burn isn’t a new deck, and has survived many a nerf while still remaining a top dog in the metagame. Nerfs such as Champion of Chaos not getting +1/+1 for the thresholds, Rapid Shot costing 1S, Soulfire Drake costing 5FF, and so on. Despite all that, Stonescar is still a good choice. By applying early pressure with efficient aggro units and having extra burn reach with spells like Torch and Obliterate it maintains a good presence regardless of what the meta throws its way.
However, one of the big problems when moderators throw out harebrained bombs early on is they allow candidates to dismiss legitimate questions later.
The Redskins defense began by allowing another long drive to start the game but held the Eagles to just 3 points. It appeared at first that the Eagles offense was going to come out aggressively and set the tone on this maligned Redskins defense on just their 2nd possession when they went marching down the field again and were at the Redskins 3 yard line when Wentz threw a touchback interception to cornerback Deshazor Everett in the endzone. Redskin fans surely praised all the gods when that play was made I can tell you.
Then surprisingly, in the 3rd quarter the Redskins used the hurry up offense and Kirk Cousins threw a rainbow of a pass that landed over Desean Jackson’s right shoulder in what might of been his best catch of his Redskins career for an 80 yard touchdown pass. It shocked his former team into a state of numbness. Which he reveled in with smiles and laughter. What a villain he has become to his former team, you know it hurts them to see it.
Dan: We were so impressed to see the vision exceeded our own. Years ago, before we were getting produced, we thought that people were only making movies that are already entities. So we brainstormed ideas that we that people would pay to see, and one of those ideas was a LEGO movie. We wrote a 3-page treatment, then threw it in a drawer, cause we never thought we were actually gonna get the rights. So it was kind of kismet, when the producer Dan Lin called years later and asked if we were interested in LEGO. Totally chance.
Dutch police used dogs and water cannon early on Sunday to disperse the crowd, which threw bottles and stones.
August is Chip Kelly season. Sam Bradford threw roughly 10 well-placed passes last year around this time under Kelly in Philly, and suddenly the Eagles became a trendy playoff pick. Now, of course, Kelly is in San Francisco, and the coach indicated the preseason will largely decide the battle between Colin Kaepernick and Blaine Gabbert, which has looked tight in practice. It has also inspired actual headlines like: "Kap vs Gabbert: 49ers fans will likely hate the winner and loser."
LORI WALLACH: Well, fast-tracking the TPP would make it easier to offshore our jobs and would put downward pressure, enormous downward pressure, on Americans’ wages, because it would throw American workers into competition with workers in Vietnam who are paid less than 60 cents an hour and have no labor rights to organize, to better their situation. Plus, the TPP would empower another 25,000 foreign corporations to use the investor state tribunals, the corporate tribunals, to attack our laws. And then there would be another 25,000 U.S. corporations in the other TPP countries who could use investor state to attack their environmental and health and labor and safety laws. And if all that weren’t enough, Big Pharma would get new monopoly patent rights that would jack up medicine prices, cutting off affordable access. And there’s rollback of financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. And there’s a ban on “Buy Local,” “buy domestic” policies. And it would undermine the policy space that we have to deal with the climate crisis—energy policies are covered. Basically, almost any progressive policy or goal would be undermined, rolled back. Plus, we would see more offshoring of jobs and more downward pressure on wages. So the big battle is over fast track, the process. And right now, thanks to a lot of pushback by activists across the country, actually, they don’t have a majority to pass it. But there’s an enormous push to change that, and that’s basically where we all come in.
Arnika replied to Italian traditions customs: My fiance just recently bought a new car and a friend of his that has Italian roots threw some spare change into the back of the car, he said it was an Italian custom for good luck. So I researched it... It's true. It started about 2000 years ago as an offering to the God of roads or travel as a payment for safety, but now it's a superstition, done more for fun than anything else.
No. 8: Watch for moving goalposts. The Slate article reported that anti-GMO activists who present themselves as experts (at least one of whom Robinson had previously defended) gave false testimony in Hawaii. They testified that genetically engineered papayas had never been tested for safety in animals. I pointed to a study, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, in which the papayas had been fed to rats. Rather than acknowledge that the testimony was false, Robinson simply throws up another claim. She says evidence in the rat study contradicts the “belief that the GM papaya is safe.” This, too, is false: The paper (which is paywalled, sorry) reports “no genotoxicity,” “no biologically significant differences,” and “no biologically adverse effects.”
Come visit us and throw a coin for luck (into the machine)!
"I like it," Lucas said as he choked back tears. He threw his arms around Leckington and held on for a few minutes before he went to work putting the iPod in its case. He tried to hand Leckington a cup full of Friday's drink proceeds but the 44-year-old Brandon man wouldn't have it.
Plan A, with near unanimous backing among union reps on the Jan. 13 conference call, was to kick Rodriguez out of the union. According to Yahoo, the idea was raised by the very first player to speak, and even after being told by executives that wasn't an option, more and more players threw their support behind it.
“They told me that I could have pain in my arm for a week and that I had to wait 15 minutes before leaving the Cancer League, because some girls fainted and the next week was going to be uncomfortable, but that it was normal because of the vaccine… I received the second dose and the second dose hurt a little more … the next few months I began to experience fatigue and back pain, but I thought it was because of my daily activities … I had pain in the lower back and neck … I received the third dose on 20 January of this year and the pain was much greater than in the previous two doses … I began to experience several things … immediately after being vaccinated I began to experience dizziness, I wanted to throw up, obviously my arm really hurt … they warned me about the dizziness, and the urge to vomit and the arm pain and that the next day my arm was also going to hurt, but the following week I had fever, vomiting, diarrhea, extremely strong migraines that lasted 15 days with vomiting, and diarrhea…, I went to the doctor and was told that that there was a virus going around… one night I sat on the couch in my house and then I lay down; I started feeling really bad, very feverish, until I realized that I could not get up from the couch “…
Florida's trio of pitchers are looking to become the second group to all throw at least 100 innings in a single season. UF's 2002 group of Amanda Moore (174.2 IP), Amanda Knowles (113.2) and Mandy Schuerman (105.0 IP) last achieved this feat. Innings pitched totals = Delanie Gourley – 108.2, Aleshia Ocasio – 107.0, , Kelly Barnhill – 84.0 Ocasio (136.0, 2015) and Gourley (107.2, 2014) have each achieved this feat once before in their careers.
'It is not just her constant lying. It is not just that she throws off menacing glares and seethes thwarted entitlement'.
‘One of the key things we have to mention about this Cheetahs team is that Uzair Cassiem has been passing before taking contact and it’s so nice to see. He is a big, physical flank who takes the ball up a lot with pick and go's. But in the lead-up to the Cheetahs’ first try, he gets out to the wing and pops a lovely pass inside to Paul Schoeman before contact and allows them to get forward momentum. And Cassiem also threw that exquisite pass for one of Oupa Mohoje’s tries. I thought the Cheetahs were disrupted by Cassiem going off at half-time because of a knee injury.
<blockquote>”Yet the states kept less than half of 1 percent of the $82 million they had amassed from the extravagant fund-raisers Hillary’s campaign was holding, just as Gary had described to me when he and I talked in August. When the Politico story described this arrangement as “essentially… money laundering” for the Clinton campaign, Hillary’s people were outraged at being accused of doing something shady. Bernie’s people were angry for their own reasons, saying this was part of a calculated strategy to throw the nomination to Hillary.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I had tried to search out any other evidence of internal corruption that would show that the DNC was rigging the system to throw the primary to Hillary, but I could not find any in party affairs or among the staff. I had gone department by department, investigating individual conduct for evidence of skewed decisions, and I was happy to see that I had found none. Then I found this agreement.”</blockquote>
When I started my blog in 2003, only a handful of nonprofit techies were experimenting with the social media. As Marnie Webb from TechSoup Global recalls, "The throw away line was social media wasn't for organizations but people who wanted to share what their cats ate for breakfast."
You've probably heard or read the catch phrases from MQA over the years. "Revolutionary", "TAKE ME THERE"... "To the original performance..." Or how about using phrases like "end-to-end technology"?As I have said over the last few months, I don'ttalking about MQA based on my general impression of what they're trying to do and the way they try to convey supposed "value" to the audiophile world through their advertisements and sponsored articles in the audiophile press. Nonetheless, sometimes it's justto comment and more importantly to put some of the rhetoric to the test. There appears to be a remarkable schism between those who advocate and praise MQA and those who have concerns. I'm pretty sure there are many wishing that MQA would just go away instead of complicating music playback with yet another questionable variant.Last week, when I wrote about the idea of MQA CD, I brought up the Pono experience as another example of failure in the recent history of the industry. For Pono, the failure was perhaps rather obvious for those of us who have been listening to 24-bit and >44.1kHz music for awhile, especially those of us who have ever bothered to try an A/B-test . It does not take a genius to realise that audible differences are really quite subtle (if even there in most cases of mainstream music) and that differences do not translate to "benefit". Without clear audible benefits, there really was no way that theof the Pono music store could ever excite the music-buying public... Certainly not in the way Neil Young portrayed it (sure, the hardware PonoPlayer is unique but with its own quirks of course ).When it comes to MQA, it's certainly a bit more complicated. For one, it brings into this world a new encoding system so it's not as easy to compare unless one had a decoder that could easily be switched on/off on-the-fly. But for me at least, right from the start, there were many ideas being floated that just seemed "fishy". How is it possible to honestly say this:When you're packaging supposedly PCM 24/88+ worth of data into a 24/48 file that maintains compatibility with standard DACs? Obviously some form of lossy mechanism must be involved - is that not a form of sacrifice? And obviously in order to add the encoded data within the package to maintain standard playback compatibility, some potential lower level details will need to be discarded. I agree, it's not unreasonable in a 24-bit file because the lower bits are typically just noise, but still, a potential "sacrifice" of sorts depending on how many bits were affected - the higher the resolution of the original production, the more potential loss of low-level detail. In previous posts, I discussed digitally in software and using the Mytek Brooklyn DAC the effects of MQA decoding But there was one idea that always bothered me about the MQA claim worth thinking about... What does it mean above when MQA insists ""?What exactly does it mean when they use the word? And how is this authentication related to the sound "in the studio"?Notice that MQA is rather careful in the words they use on their website especially related to that second question linking sound quality. However, if you look at the older archives, we see Bob Stuart making a few assertions worth considering and the connotations they create. Here's one from a CEPro article in December 2014 when the press was first introduced to MQA at a company party:By around CES in January 2015, there was a Q&A posted on Meridian Unplugged and one of the answers went like this from Mr. Stuart:And later in May 2016, we see this on AudioStream, in the "MQA Reviewed" article With the above in mind, my friend with the professional quality RME Fireface ADC graciously and meticulously recorded the output of two MQA DACs for me as he did with the previous test of hardware decoding from the Mytek Brooklyn (see that post for other details like procedure and settings used). This time, the comparison is between the Mytek Brooklyn DAC and Meridian's own Explorer2 with MQA firmware. With each DAC playing either the HDtracks download or streaming off "Master" TIDAL with "Passthrough MQA" for hardware decoding, in total, there were 4 recordings made in 24/192 resolution as below:As you can imagine, with the different recordings, I can then run objective comparisons to determine how close the MQA decoded analogue output from the DAC is with the HDtracks download for each device. Plus I can compare the sound coming out of the DACs and see if there is a relative difference between whether the DAC was fed standard HDtracks data versus MQA.Since we don't have an MQA-encoder available, let's try using a popular song for this comparison. We decided on using Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come" from Led Zeppelin (1969, 2014 24/96 HDtracks, DR9). Note that I had already demonstrated with the track "Good Times Bad Times" previously that the TIDAL MQA stream is essentially the same mastering as the HDtracks download. We purposely picked another track from that album because the peak level for "Your Time Is Gonna Come" is the lowest on the album (-1.7dB peak) which provides some overhead protection to reduce intersample overloading when the DAC performs its usual digital antialiasing filtering whether natively or with the MQA parameters. Furthermore, this album lights up "blue" which means that it's "" authenticated, the highest level of authentication (the lower level has a "green" light).So then, let's compare... First, comparing the HDtracks 24/96 download with MQA decoding to 24/96. As I did previously, I'll use Audio DiffMaker software to create the difference file from ~15 seconds of the song recorded at 24/192 starting at about 10 seconds into the tune.Click on the waveform composite images to have a look at the details like the frequency spectral display plot and the averaged FFT of the "difference" file. Basically what we see in both the Mytek and Meridian DAC outputs is that indeed there is very little difference between MQA and HDtracks playback. The "Waveform display" is essentially a flat line, the "Frequency Spectral display" looks like low level background noise in the ultrasonic range, and the FFT spectrum shows a few noise peaks down at -80dB or so. As I noted in my previous examination of MQA, this is good I suppose... It basically tells us that MQA is generally able to represent a 24/96 HDtracks file compressed into the 24/48 "bit bucket" (remember, this isn't a true high-res album so any slight loss in noise floor due to MQA encoding below 16-bits or so is not an issue).Now, let's see if we can do some inter-DAC comparisons!Whoa! Look at the differences now between the DACs. We see that this is comparativelydifferent compared to playing back an HDtracks file vs. MQA on the same DAC. No surprise, right? After all, we can't expect a US$2000 Mytek Brooklyn to objectively measure identical to a US$200 Meridian Explorer2 . Remember that the Audio DiffMaker program does try to compensate for small sample rate drifts and will also compensate for differences in gain (average amplitudes were only around 0.1dB between samples). Clearly the timing differences in playback are beyond the default level of compensation I'm using. This is likely why you see that Moiré pattern in the spectral frequency plot; the timing between the DACs are slightly different, more than likely undetectable in a listening A/B test but when you overlay them, a "beat frequency" can be detected.Before anyone freaks out about the magnitude of difference seen here, realize that this is the result ofanalysis using a very sensitive 24-bit ADC capable of detecting very minute frequency response differences, changes in low-level noise, and distortion - capabilities beyond the human ear/mind. Though the difference is measurably obvious, if I were to listen to the two samples in a volume matched A/B test, I wouldbet much money on passing a blind test :-). For the record, unblinded on my main sound system (TEAC UD-501 to Emotiva XSP-1 to Emotiva XPA-1L monoblocks to Paradigm Signature S8 speakers), I thought the Explorer2 sounded a little brighter and vocals slightly forward compared to the Brooklyn with this track - which one is "better" can only be judged by the ear/mind of the beholder.However, what is interesting is that the difference between the DACs playing back either the HDtracks or MQA data has remarkably similar RMS power. This observation tells us that despite whatever customizations MQA is doing for each DAC as it implements its "end-to-end technology", the playback isn't any closer between the Brooklyn and Explorer2 than as if they're playing the HDtracks file. Based on this observation, we can take one more step and try to compare the difference between the MQA vs. HDtrack differences! If the observation is correct, then there should be very little signal left over...Yup. Very little sonic variance between the DACs between HDtracks and MQA playback. At a total RMS power level in the -60's dB, I can turn my headphone amp up to 100% while playing this and barely hear much of a signal above the noise.In this example with an "MQA Studio authenticated" (blue light, supposedly "approved" in studio by the artist/rights holder) playback of Led Zeppelin's "Your Time Is Gonna Come", we see that:Very little difference with total RMS power down at -70dB over 15 seconds of music which is inaudible using both the Mytek Brooklyn and Meridian Explorer2 DACs. This is basically a confirmation of what was found previously but this time using actual hardware decoded analogue output rather than digital extraction from software-decoded TIDAL output.There is no evidence that these two MQA DACs sounded any "more similar" or "more different" to each other when playing straight high-resolution PCM compared to hardware decoded MQA.Ultimately, I think when we read about the "authentication" function of MQA, all they're saying is that the DAC "light" ensures that the. It's like a CRC embedded in a ZIP file to check for errors. Realise that this isbecause a decoded MQA 24/96 output will not be exactly bit-perfect with the studio's 24/96 "master" PCM fed into the MQA encoder (the bit-perfect master would likely be the HDtracks 24/96 download). That's all authentication means from what I have seen.I see no evidence that there is any special "authentic studio sound" that MQA decoding actually preserves or ensures. As you know, MQA's algorithms are proprietary and whatever optimizations they might have included in the firmware to make the Brooklyn and Explorer2 "certified" DACs (beyond money the companies paid to get the firmware done) did not seem to change the nature of the sound in a detectable way with the professional ADC. Putting it another way, there was no special "MQA voicing" found.As far as I can tell, the more I examine this whole MQA "thing", the less I see evidence of any actual technology that improves overall sonic fidelity. It's an encoding technique that "encapsulates" some data for ultrasonic reconstruction ( not really significant IMO ) in the lower bits typically in the noise floor, throws in the indicator light for error detection ("authentication"), and uses a sort of upsampling filter . Claims of time-domain accuracy appear meaningless, and there's nothing so far to suggest that it brings us any closer to some concept of sonic standardization. This is not surprising I suppose, last year when I spoke of DSP room correction , I already suggested the meaningless of MQA's claims of "end-to-end" authentication because even if they did somehow ensure that MQA-certified DACs were calibrated to have similar tonal quality and accuracy (perhaps an analogy might be color calibration of TV sets), they could never ensure that the final sound is of a certain fidelity! MQA has no dominion over the effects of speakers and the sound room which are of course where themajority of distortions and tonal irregularities arise.Note that I'm basing these observations on a single track (although "Studio MQA" authenticated). Although I only showed the results from one comparison point, I did have a look at another spot about 1 minute in to find similar results. Perhaps this Led Zeppelin album isn't fully representative of what MQA is capable of... Who knows. Maybe Meridian/MQA could clarify this with some objective results of what "major step forward in sound quality" they're talking about rather than just more words and innuendo. There are many obvious ways they can do this if they honestly want to "walk the talk".Thanks again to my friend for "virtually" making available his gear and valuable time :-).In other news, I was reading this analysis of MQA from SoundStage! the other day. A few comments with quotations from the article as applicable:1.Yes! Thank you for reminding people that the resulting file is actuallythan a similar 16/44 FLAC lossless compressed file. Going from 16-bits to 24-bits with compression like FLAC usually results in around 50% increase, but in many cases, these MQA files are minimally compressible in those lower 8-bits where MQA data resides and results in >50% size increase.2.Remember, this islossless (ie. bit-perfect) as we normally think of lossless FLAC or ALAC. It's "partially lossy" as I noted last year - that's as certain as the Earth revolving around the Sun. So even though it's "claimed", we need to remember that at best this is "perceptually lossless" assuming that for the piece of music, the change in noise floor due to the embedded data isn't noticeable. We need to end the "claimed" provision and call a spade a spade.3.Kudos. However I must say that criticism of MQA began for me back in January 2015 , way before the writer's article in April 2016 when Meridian started acting dodgy with their lack of A/B comparisons at audio shows Seriously folks, wasn't itthat what they were proposing had a strong ring of improbability to it even with the initial announcement back in late 2014? Are audio technology writers that out of touch with how things work that questions weren't asked right from the beginning? Maybe it's the lack of courage to swim against the tide of other publications? Or perhaps they were all under the influence of Meridian's fancy public relations party (check out this ridiculous video ; "bought and paid for" comes to mind) at the The Shard in December 2014?4.Nice. Again, about time an audiophile writer admits to this given the presence of obvious objective evidence . So what does one make of J. V. Serinus' claim in December 2014 that ""? What kind ofare we to have in subjective impressions like that? Did the company present a fair comparison for him? Does his hearing need to be checked? Was he caught up in the hype and excitement? Ultimately, would or should this kind of testimony have much affect on audiophiles at large?Well folks, after years of pure subjective "analysis" and opinion-making with little, I honestly do hope that the audiophile hobby can come to terms with the importance of being. I believe it all has to become more objective and more rational in the days ahead for the sake of credibility compared to other technologically based hobbies. Perhaps we'll talk more about this another time soon...Hope you're all having a great time enjoying the music! Happy Easter.
I'm pretty sure that I don't have any chance of winning because everyone in the thing is so raw. But if by some miracle I do win I'd probably throw a party mate!
Additional adjustments or modification may be needed to ensure a good chainline. The chain should run straight from the chainring to the sprocket, therefore both must be the same distance away from the bicycle's centerline. Matched groupsets of track components are normally designed to give a chainline of 42 mm, but conversions using road or mountain bike cranksets often use more chainline. Some hubs, such as White Industries' ENO, or the British Goldtec track hub, are better suited to this task as they have a chainline greater than standard. Failure to achieve good chainline, at best, leads to a noisy chain and increased wear, and at worst can throw the chain off the sprocket. This can result in rear wheel lockup and a wrecked frame if the chain falls between the rear sprocket and the spokes. Chainline can be adjusted in a number of ways, which may be used in combination with each other:
He also had an extremely low average distance of passes, which is yardage (before YAC) divided by completions. Even though he had a high accuracy in mid-range throws, he rarely threw the ball that deep. His passes traveled 4.69 yards on average, which is the lowest (per SecondRoundStats.com) of any of the draft's top quarterbacks.
Durable: Our paddles are built strong so that the LED lighting system is protected from all that Mother Nature has to throw at it. Fiber-reinforced nylon, carbon fiber, and an integrated design ensures that nothing will stop these paddles from doing their job.
I was at Trader Joe’s after picking up my meat CSA and they had some really good looking avocados. Admittedly, I don’t eat nearly as much avocado as I’d like. I’ve always been scared of figuring out which one is ripe enough to eat and having the timing work out so they’re not totally brown. Well, I’ve finally gotten over my fear and figured out the proper feeling procedure. Basically you want a deep brown / black avocado that is soft to the touch but not too soft. The advantage of avocados are that they’re a keto super food since they’ve got so much fat. So much so, that it actually makes this dish a perfect ratio which means that it already has the roughly 65% / 30% fat to protein mix. Its also a 5day dish meaning it works well to make on Sunday and eat all week. Anyway, I decided to make a chicken avocado casserole suitable for lunch! Here you can see the different stages of cutting up the avocado. For ideal ripeness, the color should be like on the left. Start by splitting the avocado in half and removing the pit. Then peel off the back skin and slice into sections as shown on the left. This avocado is a little brown in color but its still good. Then grease a baking dish and line with avocados. Don’t worry if you have more avocado than needed, we’ll throw it in the casserole. So I had some precooked chicken thighs that I’d frozen and just unthawed. I’ve started doing this sort of thing a lot now. Prepping more than I need of veggies, meats, etc and making them into little starter kits for meals. Saves a ton of time. See, now I buy a full bag of onions and then shred the whole bag using a food processor. Then I freeze it all and only use what I need. It also allows me to easily use exactly 150g of onions instead of the variability of a regular vegetable. I do the same thing for peppers. So fire up your cast iron and get cooking! Since we moved, I’ve started using splatter shields. Bacon grease used to get absolutely everywhere. The new place has a nice new stove and granite counter tops so I’m trying to keep it cleaner. Here are the onions caramelizing! Now do the same for the peppers. I normally use green peppers because they have less carbs, but all I had was a selection of smaller colored peppers. So ignore the colors and pretend I used green ones 🙂 Caramelized. Now throw everything in a huge prep bowl. Here’s the mixture after its been stirred. You can see bits of the left over avocado as well. After the mixture is combined, spread it over the avocado slices. Be a little careful to not spread out the avocado. And here’s the finished product sliced for lunch! This was a short week so I only made it for 6 but it would easily scale up to 10. Here’s a picture of the final product ready for lunch. I was concerned about the avocado staying good but it lasted all week (was also super yummy)!
"I threw that shrimp shovel into the bayou," he says, "and then I asked, 'Where's Arkansas?' "
The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed, 69-year-old lady is so desperate to keep her self-image alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition. Her longtime loyalists are so happy to bustle around her in the service of maintaining the illusion that, after she takes an hour away from it all to exercise, her communications director, Nick Merrill, breathlessly updates her on everything that’s happened in the political world in the last threescore ticks of the minute hand. Her profiler, Rebecca Traister of New York magazine, obviously a great admirer but one who declines to throw herself overboard from reality for the sake of giving Hillary more company bobbing about in the sea of fancy, writes that Clinton “listens to the barrage of updates, nodding like a person whose job requires her to be up-to-date on what’s happening, even though it does not.” Ouch. Hillary Rodham Clinton isn’t merely in a state of denial. She has become Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense. Politically speaking, she is dead, but she doesn’t know it. Her staffers are so many Haley Joel Osments -- too kind (and too attached to their salaries) to tell her that her career is over. She doesn’t need briefings. She doesn’t need to do interviews. She doesn’t need to write the book she is writing (after so many indigestible volumes, why bother with one more?). She doesn’t need to stake out a politically nuanced position on James Comey’s firing or scramble to get out in front of the Resistance parade. She lost two exceedingly winnable presidential campaigns in Hindenburgian fashion. There is no demand for her to run again and there is nothing left for her except to receive whatever ceremonial honors and sinecures may come her way. She has been handed her political retirement papers by the American people. She’s done.
On this day, the New York Yankees were finishing up a three game road series against the division leading Boston Red Sox. For the Yankees, the game seemed meaningless as they trailed the Red Sox by 7.5 games in the AL East. However, this series marked the first time that Alex Rodriguez returned to Fenway Park after serving a hefty suspension for being convicted of using PEDs. A player who was already hated throughout the league because of his on and off field antics, ARod gave opposing fans a reason to boo even louder when he stepped up to bat. And that’s exactly what the Red Sox faithful did as ARod walked to the plate for his first at bat of the night. After throwing one pitch behind Rodriguez and two very inside, Ryan Dempster used his last pitch to hit Rodriguez right below the elbow. As Red Sox fans jumped to their feet and cheered, Joe Girardi threw an on field tantrum that would subsequently lead to his ejection. Fast forward two at bats later and ARod got his revenge as he redirected Dempster’s fastball into the centerfield seats. That seemingly meaningless game manifested into a playoff-like atmosphere. That’s exactly what the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry did, every game had a purpose. This, however, would be the beginning of end of one of the most exciting rivalries in professional sports.
But it takes more than talent to ignite this once fiery rivalry. As Mike Vaccaro wrote in his New York Post article, they are missing a necessary four letter word; hate. Hate is what drove this rivalry from good to great, from “exciting” baseball to “must watch” baseball. We need to see more hate. We need Aaron Judge to get into a fight with Sandy Leon after being intentionally throw at by Drew Pomeranz. We need Clint Frazier to slap the ball out of Rick Porcello’s hand in the late innings of a playoff game. We need Chris Sale to shove Tony Pena to the ground in the middle of a benches clearing brawl. We need boos and f*ck you’s. You take all of that and combine it with game changing plays, intense divisional matches, and all-or-nothing playoff scenarios, and you will see the fire return. This is what Boston and New York fans have been waiting for. Just show us a little hate coupled with competitive baseball and we’ll take care of the rest. We’ve been itching for this.
Workers Vanguard No. 1116 25 August 2017 Stop Prison Torture of Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman! Over the past several months, the Federal Bureau of Prisons has been intensifying its decades-long vendetta against class-war prisoners Tom Manning and Jaan Laaman. As punishment for their unwavering support for the struggles of the poor and oppressed and their opposition to U.S. imperialism, Laaman and Manning, the last two members of the Ohio 7 still in prison, were deprived of necessary medical attention, isolated in solitary and threatened with transfer to draconian “supermax control” units. For the racist capitalist rulers, this is an attempt to silence forever these courageous individuals who continue their political activism from behind the walls of America’s dungeons. Prison officials marked Laaman’s birthday on March 21 by throwing him into the Secure Housing Unit of USP Tucson—i.e., solitary, where he still remains locked up in a six-by-nine-foot box 23 hours a day. Laaman’s “offense” was to issue two statements: his eulogy for radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who died on March 7 (which was broadcast on Prison Radio as “Farewell Thoughts to My Friend, Lynne Stewart”), and a statement of support for the March 8 International Women’s Day protests, “Day Without a Woman Strike” (which was printed in NYC Anarchist Black Cross). The Partisan Defense Committee—a legal and social defense organization associated with the Spartacist League—recently learned that a letter Laaman wrote in May to notify the PDC of the repression he was facing never made it through the prison censors. That month, prison officials cited him for “misuse of phone” and rescinded his phone “privileges” for six months. They are now pushing for his transfer to a Communications Management Unit—lockdown units that severely restrict all communication with those outside. As Laaman noted in a recent letter to the PDC, “As you are aware, I have been observing and speaking on world and national events for decades—so this is a new and unprecedented attack on me and my First Amendment rights.” In June, Tom Manning wrote a letter notifying the PDC that he had suffered a grand mal seizure in March. The first prison “medical” personnel on the scene declared it a drug overdose. The seizure left Manning unconscious for four days. When he was able to request that prison officials perform a forensic trail test to prove it was not an OD, and, more significantly, to find out and treat what caused the seizure, they scoffed, “Do you know how expensive that would be?” Manning was finally given an MRI, which shocked him with the news that he had a second brain tumor. Prison officials never told him that a 2012 MRI had revealed an earlier tumor. Manning also learned that he had two vertebrae compressing his spinal cord. The prison officials’ response to his dire medical condition was to throw him into solitary. The specious reason was that he received a political journal, Flood Gate, calling for prisoners to revolt. As Manning told the PDC, such unsolicited journals are sent to him all the time. On May 24, he was transferred from Butner Medical Center to solitary at Butner Correctional Center. In recent interviews, former Ohio 7 prisoner Ray Levasseur, who was released on parole in 2004, pointed out that Manning is wheelchair-bound and in need of physical therapy, which he is unlikely to get in solitary. Levasseur emphasized the horrific condition facing his comrades: “Solitary is hell in a very small place.” Last week, Manning was finally released from solitary and transferred to a federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia. The PDC has written protest letters denouncing the cruel and vindictive treatment of Laaman and Manning. The Ohio 7 are committed radicals with a long history of opposition to racism and imperialism. They were involved in civil rights work in the South, defense of prisoners’ rights and solidarity actions against the South African apartheid government. In the early 1970s, they joined neighborhood defense efforts in Boston against rampaging anti-busing racists. They became members of the United Freedom Front, a radical group that in the late 1970s and ’80s took credit for bombings targeting symbols of U.S. imperialism, including military and corporate offices (see “Ohio 7: Fighters Against Imperialism, Racism,” WV No. 741, 8 September 2000). The Ohio 7’s politics were once shared by thousands of young New Left radicals. Despairing of organizing the proletariat in struggle, these radicals decided that the road to fighting this racist, exploitative system was “clandestine armed resistance” by a handful of dedicated leftists. Like the Weathermen a decade before them, the Ohio 7 were spurned by the “respectable” left. As Levasseur bitterly observed in a 1992 statement, “Much of the North American Left suffers from myopia on this issue of political prisoners. It affects their value judgments. They place our value at nil.” In contrast to the New Leftists, we recognize it is the multiracial proletariat, organized behind a Leninist vanguard party, that has the interest and social power to sweep away the bloodthirsty imperialist rulers. Despite our political differences with them, the SL and PDC have long defended the Ohio 7, including during a 1989 trial on trumped-up “seditious conspiracy” charges. In successfully beating back that thought-crime prosecution, the Ohio 7 won a significant victory against government efforts to criminalize leftist politics. One of their defense lawyers was Lynne Stewart. No doubt throwing Laaman into solitary for his tribute to Stewart was payback on the part of his jailers. We have always insisted that from a proletarian standpoint, the actions of these leftist activists against imperialism and racist injustice are not crimes. These courageous fighters should not have served a day in prison and should be freed immediately. Laaman and Manning must not be forgotten. We urge WV readers to send letters of solidarity to the following addresses: Jaan Laaman #10372-016
As she throws her head forwards, she loses her wig but manages to grab it.
Last week was a perfect example. The Saints forced six three-and-outs during a 34-28 overtime loss to the Tennessee Titans. But they still allowed quarterback Marcus Mariota to throw for 371 yards and four touchdowns.
"Quarterbacks can't just throw up the ball and know, ‘OK, it's either gonna be an incompletion or we're getting the ball or a penalty.'"
That’s why, every time there’s a flood in Pakistan, I drop an aluminium can into the wrong trash container. Every time there is a hurricane, I “miss” the garbage can and throw my fastfood wrapper on the ground. This is what you call trying to “teach the earth” how to treat people.
The planet needs to realize that this is a two-way street. You throw earthquakes, that’s fine. We all get crazy. I get it. But without us, you’d be like Mars: an empty planet that gets excited because somebody discovered a little bit of water. Don’t forget: we made you just like you made us. We need each other. And guess what, beautiful planet – you’re not that beautiful. A couple of mountain ranges, a Grand Canyon and maybe a few waterfalls ... but the rest of you is plain Jane or unattractive. I’d give you a six or six and a half, so get over yourself.
The Mage Knight Board Game throws you and up to three other Mage Knights into the sprawling and ever changing world of the Atlantean Empire, a land that is but a distant memory since your transformation into a mysterious Mage Knight. Build your armies, defeat bands of marauding enemies, and eventually conquer cities in the name of the mysterious Void Council.
A lot of people stress out about books and recipes for their chosen elimination diet, I didn’t have the headspace for that. I got a list of what was “allowed” on Autoimmune Paleo diet and I just started cooking with only those ingredients. I know which meats, veggies and spices I can have and I throw them together in one way or another. After I got to a point where I felt better, I would try and add things in. Bell peppers didn’t make the cut but hummus did, I use it as a salad dressing :). If you need help getting creative in the kitchen, I highly recommend watching episodes of Chopped, a cooking competition where the chefs are forced to cook with weird ingredients (and a normal pantry.)
Meal prep is exhausting. There’s really no mincing words about it. You’re giving up ALL your weekend time where you could be doing something for you and instead you’re menu planning, grocery shopping, washing, chopping, cooking, storing and cleaning. Seriously, what kind of a masochist is into that? 😉 Well, going back to Tip #1, I am. Honestly, if plate spinning made me feel better, I’d be spinning plates until my arms fell off, wait, that would defeat the purp… nevermind. Do your darn meal prep. Force yourself to do it! Being able to just throw your lunch in your work bag FIVE days a week, and have a great meal at least once a day, will pay dividends that you must remind yourself of, on Sunday when you’re finishing up, instead of sitting down.
There have been other, less subtle signals which police officers have no doubt caught wind of. They’ve had to watch a very public and embarrassing battle take place in the press as elected legislators battled over a painting hanging within a stone’s throw of the halls where Congress meets. It’s a piece of “art” which depicts police officers as pigs who are oppressing African American residents in Ferguson.
That means that the film gets every opportunity to make its statements, to throw in standard-if-creditable character moments, and to work in small but salient details of the scandal. It fails, however, to make this all feel like something other than a movie going through the motions in the lead up to the Academy Awards. The film has something to say, and it’s worth saying, but it doesn’t delve particularly deep into these ideas and doesn’t offer anything especially novel or creative in how it presents them either.
The anonymous stencils first appeared in August. You’d notice them at reds as you braked at the mouth of an intersection. You’d look down, perhaps as you began to creep into the crosswalk, and spy the Day-Glo words on the asphalt: “Make Us Bicyclists Look Good.” And then, maybe, you’d stay put, waiting for that green. By the middle of August, the messages had emerged up and down 15th Street’s protected cycletrack, around the National Mall, and in bike lanes on R and T streets NW and Rhode Island Avenue. They contained affirmations like “Thank You for Biking,” “Your Bike Is Sexy,” and “Smile! You’re on a Bicycle”; cutesy reminders like “Please Bike Safely Honey. Love, Your Parents”; and cheeky exclamations like “Don’t Door Me Bro.” These weren’t missives for pedestrians, or motorists, or anyone who wasn’t on a bike. If you don’t spend any time in bike lanes, you probably didn’t see them. But among bike commuters, they quickly punctured daily water-cooler talk. Did you see the bike-lane graffiti? In the middle of August, Streetsblog, a transportation website, posted a video with a fist-pump-inducing soundtrack and described the stencil art as “extraordinarily motivating” and “sweet.” DCist called it “rather delightful”; Instagram and Twitter users memorialized their stencil-brightened commutes (“OMG I LOVE THESE!!!” read one Instagram comment); and for about a month, pictures of the stencils seemed to take over the popular #bikedc hashtag. (One of the stencils, sensing the opportunity, read “#bikedc.”) Even the District Department of Transportation conceded it had been charmed. While a spokeswoman told DCist that the agency planned to “check into” the stencil art, the @DDOT Twitter feed called the bike-lane messages “kinda cool!” On Reddit, users debated how the bicycle-lane messages might impact cycling etiquette. “This is fantastic, spray them right next to every rack and street lamp in florescent paint,” wrote one user. Others were skeptical, for different reasons. “I always stop at red lights regardless of these stencils and unfortunately they don’t seem to stop the 10+ riders behind me that blow through red lights on 15th and K St. for example,” wrote a Redditor. Another: “As one ‘asshole cyclist’ among many, I don’t know what they expect this to accomplish. We know exactly what we are doing and we do it anyway. It’s not some sort of ‘I didn’t know I couldn’t do that’ situation, nor do we go through red lights and stop signs by accident.” The messages proliferated throughout the fall, with dozens appearing in Shaw, Bloomingdale, and Logan Circle. Adams Morgan. Woodley Park. Downtown. Just recently in Arlington, at the entrance to the Key Bridge. After the 15th Street cycletrack was repaved—and the stencil art along it was destroyed—the tagger struck again, restamping the entire strip. One slogan emerged on M Street NW between 15th and 16th streets—a block where the city recently canceled part of a planned cycletrack at the urging of a church that wanted to preserve curbside space for congregants’ cars. The decision angered District bike advocates and inspired the mystery stenciler to tattoo the block’s pavement with the message “Jesus Loves Bicyclists.” That one threw some political shade, but for the most part the messages aren’t meant for bicyclists’ detractors. They say encouraging things such as “Drive Your Bike” and “Bike [Heart]” and “I Want to Ride My Bike With You,” like telegrams from the conscience of D.C.’s collective bicycling consciousness. From time to time on my ride home on 15th Street, I see fellow commuters stopping at red lights, spotting the stencils, and smiling. The messages are illicit by their nature but adorable in their content—quietly empowering random acts of cuteness. That, or they’re the least dangerous, least unsettling use of graffiti D.C. has ever seen. I started asking around. It turns out the person behind the stencils—I interviewed her on the condition of anonymity, and agreed to refer to her as the Bike Artist, or BA—isn’t a seasoned graffiti writer, a transit insurrectionist, or even an activist by inclination. Mostly, she wants bicyclists to be a little more polite, be a little friendlier with other road users, and feel a little more appreciated. Her project is both an undertaking of passion and a bit of a lark. And although it wants to inspire and improve the culture of bicycling in D.C., it might reveal even more about it. ***
Barricade: Supporters of the deposed president throw stones from behind a makeshift wall as they take cover from the police during clashes in Cairo
Nostrand replaced Sadowski and put the Huskies ahead for the first time 44-43, and they expanded the margin to 48-44 after three periods. The final quarter was ragged as well as rugged, but a pair of field goals by Dick Murphy and a free throw by Tommy Byrnes in the final 2 1/2 minutes provided the Knicks with the two-point victory. Sadowski, with 18 points, and New York's Leo Gottlieb, with 14, led their respective teams.
JANINE COHEN: In his record of interview, Damian Ford told police that Sam didn't attempt to throw even a punch.
Then, all at once, Maxey has to be backstage; for the next two hours, he and Kurdi and Gallego make the communication gap between Chance and the 50 or so deaf fans gathered in the Deaf/HOH section feel ever smaller. The fans sway and sign to each other, and occasionally sign Chance the Rapper's "sign name"—two fingers and a thumb on the right hand, raised up toward the right temple. After the show, the three interpreters pose for a photo with all the deaf fans; Maxey puts the official setlist between his teeth, and everyone throws up the "I love you" sign.
Trout I throw back are generally:
You’ve got to pay to play, and that’s especially true if you want to play PC games with Nvidia’s most powerful graphics option: two GeForce GTX 1080 cards in SLI. Not only will the cards themselves cost you royally ($599 each at a minimum), but you’ll also have to throw down $40 for a new, special SLI HB Bridge, so says Nvidia.
Saturday 3 May 1980 "Mr Scofield received a tumultuous round on his entrance for Act 2, which seemed to throw him a bit, but he soon rallied."
Wednesday 19 February 1992 "When Mr Byrne removed Mr Villiers' Chancellor's wig he also removed the wig Mr Villiers wears underneath. This left Mr Villers with the said wig in his hand. He walked behind the curtain stage right to get rid of it and at this moment Mr Hammond turned to address him and found him gone. This threw Mr Hammond who lost track of his words and on Mr Villiers reappearing needed a prompt which was given him by Mr Villiers."
"So Mister Potter," continued Umbridge, gloating at his mental anguish. "How much do you value your followers? Are you content to let them throw away their lives on poorly conceived ploys? To let them be cut down in the street like cattle? Or…do you want to help your friends?"
Last year, the petroleum association hired the Boston Consulting Group to conduct a study of the new standard that concluded it and other clean fuel regulations could force the closure of up to half of California’s 14 refineries, throw thousands out of work and cause a spike in gas prices — strong arguments in a state with 9.8 percent unemployment.
To say something is terribly amiss is a chronic understatement. Historical events should always be open to question not just because the winners write the history books but because everything should be open to question! It is our right, most especially when there's little or no evidence to corroborate the story we're being told. Yet hold the phone - now they want to make it illegal to criticize Israel. You see that would be anti-Semitic....... but wait - Zionists aren't Semitic..... the Palestinians are though; so are the Iraqis! This whole sordid affair has long since past the farcical stage. Zionists don't want people to question the Holocaust for 2 main reasons - firstly, for 70 years it's acted as a tool to draw sympathy and so justify the creation of Israel as well as ward off criticism they so rightfully deserve. Secondly and most importantly, if their account of the Holocaust was above reproach, would they give two hoots if someone chose to investigate? Think about this because this is the big giveaway. They throw a fit each and every time and it's obvious why. Serious researchers can only discover one thing - the truth. The reason they don't want anybody questioning the Holocaust is because they know - any meaningful investigation will rapidly arrive at one conclusion - the Holocaust was a massive Zionist con trick!
We are fast-approaching a point where we could well find ourselves living in a world where criticizing the greatest criminals on the planet, indeed the greatest gangsters ever, is a criminal offense! I know it sounds crazy but diabolical as it may seem, this is what the Zionists want more than anything. Why? Because the Internet threw an almighty spanner in the works. Suddenly, their control over the flow of information, painstakingly acquired over 150 years, hadn't just been breached; it had been ruptured! The internet was a phenomenon. Type in a few words and hey presto - all the information you need is there. Not that initiated folk weren't aware of corporate media lies. The Internet though allowed us to discover what we weren't being told. As a result, the past 10 years has seen mainstream news channels all over the world haemorrhage viewers. No one watches CNN anymore. If it was down to money, they'd have shut up shop years ago. Trouble is they can't do that. It would be the mother of all show outs! Their only option was to soldier on, smile as if everything's sweet, never give any inkling their news channels are ironing out absolute lumps. All they could do was tell even bigger lies. They had to, because now we're on the clock.
This is how you escape throws ;) #judo
Lowest moment: Five interceptions against Wake Forest in late September led to the Hoosiers’ first loss of the season and some serious doubt about those bowl chances. With a loss in the nonconference schedule, the Hoosiers didn’t have a ton of room for error during the Big Ten season. From there, transfer quarterback Richard Lagow managed to take better care of the ball (to be fair, he did throw for nearly 500 yards in the loss) and Indiana eventually got the wins it needed.
Lowest moment: Oregon’s Justin Herbert threw a touchdown pass to Darren Carrington to beat Utah, 30-28, with two seconds left. That loss knocked the Utes out of the Pac-12 title race. Utah managed only 51 combined points in losses to the Ducks and California, the Pac-12’s two worst defenses -- both giving up over 40 points per game.
Barnes returned from the injury suffered in Round 2 and was immediately back on the score sheet with his looping chip off an Anibaba throw in.
It is at so many levels: Ujiri’s “F--- Brooklyn” line was a barb aimed at the Nets who basically threw games to assure a first-round matchup with the Raptors.
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., who voted for DOMA in 1996, tweeted that she hopes the Supreme Court will overturn the law. She is a cosponsor of legislation that would throw out the anti-gay law.
“Books,” Morgenes said grandly, leaning back on his precarious stool, “-books are magic. That is the simple answer. And books are traps as well.” “Magic? Traps?” “Books are a form of magic-” the doctor lifted the volume he had just laid on the stack, “- because they span time and distance more surely than any spell or charm. What did so-and-so think about such-and-such two hundred years agone? Can you fly back through the ages and ask him? No, or at least, probably not. “But, ah, if he wrote down his thoughts, if somewhere there exists a scroll or a book of his logical discourses…he speaks to you! Across centuries! And if you wish to visit far Nascandu or lost Kkandia, you have also but to open a book…” “Yes, yes, I suppose I understand all that.” Simon did not try to hide his disappointment. This was not what he had meant by the word magic. “What about traps, the? Why traps?” Morgenes leaned forward, waggling the leather-bound volume under Simon’s nose. “A piece of writing is a trap,” he said cheerily, “and the best kind. A book you see is the only kind of trap that keeps its captive – which is knowledge – alive forever. The more books you have,” the doctor waved an all-encompassing hand around the room, “the more traps, then the better the chance of capturing some particular elusive, shining beast – one that might otherwise die unseen.” Morganes finished with a grand flourish, dropping the book back on the pile with a loud thump. A tiny cloud of dust leaped up, the flecks milling in the banded sunlight leaking past the window bars. Simon stared at the shimmering dust for a moment, collecting his thoughts. Following the doctor’s words was like trying to catch mice while wearing mittens. “But what about real magic?” he said at last, a stubborn crease between his brows. “Magic like they say Pryrates does up in the tower?” For a brief instant a look of anger – or was it fear – crossed the Doctor’s face. “No, Simon,” he said quietly. “Do not throw Pryrates up at me. He is a dangerous, foolish man.”(pg 93)
The Cardinal also had a lopsided advantage at the foul line, shooting more than twice as many free throws as the Bears.
It was a one-point game (43-42) with 13 minutes left. Stanford's Chasson Randle stole a pass and drove for a layup, Gage hit a three, and Powell sank two free throws for a 50-42 lead. Justin Cobbs (13 points) hit back-to-back shots to cut the lead to four, but Stanford steadily pulled away.
There are many injuries in Crossfit. They don’t have a gym culture. They throw plates everywhere. Look at our weightlifting gym and their Crossfit gym.
Anyway, this rant is over. End game: Prime Minister Singh had to throw in the towel this weekend. If he would have pushed harder, there was a threat that the BJP and the commies could have gone for the government crash, so Singh let it drop. Singh has egg all over his face, because he swore this deal was going to go thru, and now he kind of looks like a dork. The Bush administration/The US takes a serious hit too because this was one of the only bright spots of foreign policy they have been able to muster for 7 years. They were really fired up to be making India a stronger ally. Oh well, that may still come to pass. But for now: no nukes in India , India is tied to oil dependence, and the US will have to figure out some new ways for people around the word to stop using all the oil that we want for ourselves. Go get’em fellas!
Eton Park dropped mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a big profit before a U.S. judge threw out a lawsuit filed by shareholders to prevent the government from seizing most of the companies' profits.
Not my favorite reset because it’s predictable for two reasons. 1: a lot of people use it so it’s easy to tech against once you see her air dash animation, 2: if you commit to this reset, there is no 50/50; you will either land a grab or they’ll tech it. You’ve already used your airdash, so your only option is to grab or throw out a move that will get YOU grabbed from the opponent’s attempt to tech a grab they were expecting. Use this one sparingly or just when you’re deep in your opponent’s head)
grab(better as a tick throw with cr.lk/cr.lp before)
Artman told investigators that she had been kidnapped March 27, when four black men snatched her from her driveway and threw her in the trunk of their car. She claimed that the foursome drove her to an unknown location, where they repeatedly raped and beat her.
Khloe was my dog from the start. I was about 10 or 11 years old when he joined my life, and from the start we were connected. Khloe, when left without me at my sister's apartment, would pace and search for me and refuse to eat. And I … well, being young and loving this dog so much already, threw a fit about him not living with me. Eventually he became mine. Somehow, I think he knew I needed him.
He had a special brand of balls that he loved. At the dog park, he'd carry one around and make sure everyone knew it was his … He didn't like to let anyone throw it for him. If he had his ball when someone would hug me or get too close, he'd still get mad, but he wouldn't bark - just chew the ball really hard and stare.
Sure, you could make lifelong friends. But is it worth the effort? You’d have to actually take out your earbuds, stop snapchatting your high school friends, and put your phone away to engage in a good conversation with a fraternity man or sorority woman. That is probably too hard for you. It is so much easier to blend into the crowd, have one or two buddies you’ll meet in your residence hall, and throw back some Natty Light with them until graduation. There’s really no need to step outside of your comfort zone, meet new and diverse people, and bond over shared values and beliefs. You’d be much better off staying out of the Greek system, sticking with your old friends and old habits.
Jeremy got a hold of some interesting data this afternoon and we threw together a map.
I was curious about how the rest of the group stage would play out, so I threw together a visualization looking at how the result of each game would affect each team’s chance of making it out of groups.
After spending most of a Saturday wandering down a dead end, I was ready to give up. Until Anjali found a NOAA ftp server with exactly the data I was looking for! The format was a bit strange - a shapefile with a grid of points showing calculated rainfall. I threw together a rough script to download the last few days of observations, combine them into a csv and plot the values.
After getting a couple of requests for an update to the 2016 version, I grabbed this year’s data and threw it into the charts. The code wasn’t quite as pretty as I remembered, but I think I’ve fixed the three-way tiebreaker bug that threw off the MSI chart—if not please let me know!
It briefly popped in the air, but landed safely in front of third baseman Jeimer Candelario. Although it would have taken a good play to get Dozier, Candelario went for it. His throw went way off line, and Dozier was off to the races:
The Tigers didn't have anyone particularly close to the area in right-field foul territory where Candelario's throw went, so thanks to Dozier's hustle, he was able to circle the bases on one of the wackiest leadoff plays you'll ever see. The Twins took a 1-0 lead and ended up winning with an eight-run eighth inning to cut their magic number in the AL Central to 4.
Twins manager Paul Molitor called it "an exciting start," though he had been taken aback by Dozier's strategy. He was happy to see that it worked out. "I told Doz when he scored that it was the first time he led off a game with a bunt all year," he said to MLB.com's Rhett Bollinger. "It kind of caught me by surprise. They threw it away and it ended up in no-man's land and he circled the bases."
Paris was freed, and soon Gathered thracks were nighing Theechland. However, in the Struggle of the Lump, wyemen fought and tolled dearly for the biding of both sides. Soon, Red Weremight thracks overtook Berlin, and meeting up with the Gathered Ethels on the Elb, Theechland yold and threw down her weapons, a day know as V-E Day, the Eighth of Blossommonth, 1945
One of a team of professional Neapolitan pizza makers throws dough to give away free pizza margheritas in Dante square in downtown Naples, on Aug. 27, 2008.
As Re/code reports, FCC chairman Tom Wheeler scoffed at AT&T’s supposed threat to boycott next year’s 600MHz auction and said that he had “a hard time envisioning this once in a lifetime opportunity for this kind of beachfront spectrum being something that people throw up their hands and walk away from.”
As a consequence of this interesting talk, I missed the very beginning of Jeff Rosenstock’s set. When I walked in, he was halfway through “I’m Serious, I’m Sorry”, and looked like somethign genuinely inhuman. Absolutely drenched in sweat, he howled into the microphone while laying into his guitar, like it was a beast that needed to be tamed. At one point, somebody threw a shark-shaped life preserver at Rosenstock that managed to perfectly encase his shoulders and bind his arms to his side, yet he kept playing regardless.
Griffin III, or "RG3" as he's called, is one of the best, if not the best, dual-threat quarterbacks coming out of college in this year's draft. He has the ability to pick up chunks of yardage on the ground while also delivering an eye-popping, backbone breaking deep pass for a touchdown. His running ability forces the defense to essentially cover an extra gap in run defense, forcing them to drop an extra defender in the box, consequently having less deep where Griffin throws very well.
Because of his mobility and ability to throw well on the run, the Bears coaching staff, led by head coach Art Briles, utilized play action passes that caused conflict for the defense. An example of this was against TCU early in the college football season, when Griffin put the ball in the belly of his teammate and plucked it back out.
He was standing in a berry patch when Ol' Ephraim — that's what mountain men back then called grizzlies, even females — charged. Glass shot her with his rifle. It was a good shot, but Ol' Ephraim kept charging. Glass ran to a tree, but as he began to climb, O.E. grabbed him, threw him to the ground and tore some meat out of his rear. She tossed the meal to her cubs, who probably had never tasted man before (odds are they liked it). Then Ol' Ephraim returned her attention to Glass. She raked her claws across his back, bit him about the head and shook him like a rag doll. Glass moved in close and slashed the bear repeatedly with his knife. He tried to yell, but what came out was a kind of high-pitched gargling, as his throat had been torn open and was gushing blood.
Now that you have the basics down, you can do a few advanced things with your new application. Open the Resources directory, then open the index.html file in an editor. Before you get started with PHP, it's a good idea to throw in a link to a PHP file that will run phpinfo() so that you know what you're dealing with. I chose PHP, because that's what I'm most familiar with: You may want to use Ruby or Python, and both of those options are supported.
Technically, the person most entitled to replace Clinton would be second-place finisher Bernie Sanders. But there is no actual requirement that he do so and many Clinton supporters would be aghast at the idea. In fact, it could well split the party. A more natural “compromise” choice would be Vice-president Joe Biden, who very nearly threw his hat into the ring late last year, only to pull back at the last moment, a decision he says he now regrets.
That is the Jahlil who led Whitney Young to a city title last year and a top 10 national ranking while becoming the only junior named to USA Today’s high-school All-USA team. The season ended on a disappointing note, though, when his team lost in the state tournament to city rival and eventual champion Simeon, leaving Jahlil devastated. “I turned my phone off for, like, a week,” he says. “Just threw it under my bed. I didn’t feel like talking to anybody.”
Slaughter had never heard of Jahlil, in part because he had been playing outside the Midwest AAU circuit, so he had one of his coaches put the kid through some drills. “He was palming balls off the ground. Making every shot. Completing every drill they threw at him,” says Chucky. “I remember watching Ty’s reaction. He was just shocked.”
Plaintiff was initially compliant during the booking process. However, her demeanor changed and she threw a hair tie at Officer Pianta which struck the officer. Inexplicably, plaintiff then began looking through her purse and refused the officer’s instructions to stop doing so. Plaintiff attempted to pull the purse away from him. Officer Pianta then placed plaintiff in an arm bar control hold to gain compliance. Plaintiff began resisting and attempted to punch the officer. Acting in self-defense, the officer used an arm bar takedown and guided plaintiff to the ground. Moments later the officer observed blood coming from plaintiff’s facial area and medical assistance was requested. ...
And throw thunder in jail.
Oscar Pistorius repeatedly threw up into a bucket as his murder trial heard graphic evidence from the pathologist who performed the post-mortem on the body of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
"It's the craziest thing. We make up the craziest rumors, use 'em for a while, then toss 'em. The worst part was convincing my wife it wasn't the beginning of dementia or just general stupidity, because none of the stuff we would throw out there would make any sense to anyone. Except scouts and GM's. Then it's on the front page of [team hometown newspaper and website]. My wife just rolls her eyes and shakes her head in amazement."
There's a weird code of personal conduct for a rumor man. It's okay to throw out flashy rumors, but within the limits. Set up your ridiculous medical rumor, run with the one about a guy having trouble with authority, float something about the player flipping off a kid in a hospital. After all, you're passionate enough to be rumor mongering, so you might as well enjoy yourself.
Despite speculation immediately after Saturday’s election that Mr Albanese might challenge, he now won’t be standing and will instead throw his weight behind Mr Shorten.
The Hill amusingly said that in the primary’s waning hours, Gingrich threw the “kosher kitchen sink” at Romney. While we are not sure what this claim says about Romney’s understanding of religious liberty, it turns out that in 2003 he did indeed veto $600,000 in spending to run Massachusetts’s eight kosher nursing home facilities.
La Tomatina ( Spanish pronunciation: [la tomaˈtina]) is a festival that is held in the Valencian town of Buñol, in the East of Spain 30 kilometres (19 mi) from the Mediterranean, in which participants throw tomatoes and get involved in a tomato fight purely for entertainment purposes. Since 1945 it has been held on the last Wednesday of August, during a week of festivities in Buñol.
Do not throw bottles or hard objects Do not tear or throw t-shirts Squash tomatoes before throwing them to avoid hurting others Keep a safe distance from trucks Stop throwing tomatoes after the second starter pistol shot Follow the directions of security staff
Daniels said Leslie Jordan, the gay actor and screenwriter, yelled at the men to leave, saying “get out of my house.” Jordan, who at 4’11” is known for his diminutive stature as well as his Southern accent, is a regular at that Starbucks. Daniels said Jordan followed the men outside objecting to their language, and he and another customer walked outside to protect Jordan. “The guy lunged at Leslie to hit him,” Daniels said of one of the men. “Then Leslie threw his drink at the guy. Then (another) guy threw his drink to hit me.”
Daniels disputed that, saying that the gay men who were present didn’t file charges because they were warned that they might also face charges and be arrested. “He provoked it,” Daniels said of one of the three men. “He spewed hate crime words against everybody and threw a drink at Leslie. Why couldn’t he have been charged with disorderly conduct?” Others posting comments on Daniels’ Facebook page also questioned why charges weren’t filed.
Last spring, in the wake of the Sony hack, President Obama threw a cyberwar. And no one showed up.
Since you don’t use the indefinite articles (un/una) in Spanish, many native Spanish speakers forget to add them in when using English. Likewise, as native English speakers we love to throw in an unneeded “un” or “una” in these types of sentences. But you have been warned, and as a reader of this FluentU Spanish blog, you are well prepared to avoid this common trap.
The young boy’s second response doesn’t throw me off guard since I’ve heard the error time and time again. “Oh, you are seven years old,” I say back, making sure he notes the mistake. “Yes, I am seven.” he says at last, triumphantly.
Elsa nodded her head and threw her arms around Anna's neck. "Yesss..." she murmured. "Elsa... sorry too."
This is racism, not Buddhism by Sanitsuda Ekachai, The Bangkok Post, Sept 5, 2012 Bangkok, Thailand -- How do you feel when you see rows of stern-looking Buddhist monks marching through the streets in full force to call for violent treatment of the downtrodden? << Myanmar Buddhist monks rally on the streets of Mandalay (AFP) That was what thousands of Myanmar monks did when they took to the streets in temple-studded Mandalay on Sunday to support the government's brutal persecution of stateless Muslim Rohingya. What were they thinking? The world is full of injustice. But isn't it the business of monks to advise against it, and not to be supportive of any form of prejudice and human cruelty? Aren't empathy and non-exploitation the key words in Buddhism? Aren't monks supposed to devote their lives to deepening spiritual practice in order to see through the different layers of we-they prejudice so that compassion prevails in their hearts, words, and actions? Many people outside Myanmar were asking these questions because the anti-Rohingya monks were the same ones who dared challenge the government in 2007 to champion the people's cause, and who themselves faced a violent crackdown by the military junta. If the Buddha's words were not important to them when they took to the streets, then what was? The answer is quite simple - racist nationalism. The monks do want justice for people, but just for their own kind. As part of the dominant ethnic Bama Buddhists, they believe deeply the dark-skinned Rohingya are illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, aggressive outsiders who will steal land from the Buddhist folk. The monks therefore feel that it is just to support the government to eliminate the perceived threats to their motherland, their ethnicity, and their religion. Call it patriotism, ultra-nationalism, ethnic prejudice, or racism. Whichever the label, it is mired in the we-they prejudice that divides people, fosters hatred, and triggers violence - everything Buddhism cautions against. But should people who live in glass houses throw stones? Our monks may still stop short of marching in the streets to call for the elimination of Malay Muslim separatists, but they have done so several times to call for a law which will help them retain supremacy over other religions. Every time I cover their Buddhism-for-national-religion campaigns, I never fail to hear their deep suspicions of Islam. Meanwhile, bombs have blasted and killed people for eight years running in the restive South, yet we never hear our monks mentioning any concern about justice for the locals, nor for the need to open political space for Malay Muslims to voice their needs, address inequalities, and to extinguish the root causes of ethnic frustration and violence. Instead, we see monks taking the defensive and dangerous route of ordaining soldiers to increase their number while allowing temples to be used as barracks. Like their peers in Myanmar, our monks are in full support of the military to maintain the supremacy of the Buddhist majority. If violence must be used in this suppression, so be it. But Thailand is also witnessing a rapid growth of lay Buddhism which focuses on meditation retreats and core Buddhist teachings. Can this movement act as a voice of sensibility when the country is mired in political divisiveness? If that's your expectation, be prepared to be disappointed. For its members, too, generally share the belief that the elimination of perceived threats is necessary, like the need to eliminate germs and diseases to restore one's health. When this is your mindset - left or right, red or yellow, pro-or anti-establishment - you'll believe the use of hate speech, half truths, and violence by your camp is perfectly all right. No, we are not Buddhists. We may pray to the Buddha and close our eyes to meditate, but what shapes our thoughts, words, and actions is ideological extremism of all different shades. The Buddha's path leads to peaceful co-existence and sharing. Ideological extremism leads to control, suppression, and winner-takes-all. If left to fester, ideological extremism and race-based nationalism will breed more violence. The country's goal of regional integration will be sheer nonsense. And for both monks and lay Buddhists, all those longs hours of meditation will be simply wasted.
A federal jury awarded Mrs. Herceg and Vines $169,000 and $13,000, respectively, in damages, but the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals threw out the verdict last April 20.
"They're trying to come to some reasonable decision about how to protect the public health but not be so cautious as to be ridiculous and throw out tons and tons of product that may be fine," said Don Schaffner, a professor of microbiology professor and food-safety expert at Rutgers University, who has been advising several foodmakers that bought HVP from Basic Food Flavors.
In a state where 61% of Democratic voters are black, Clinton cast herself as the person best positioned to carry out the legacy of a popular Barack Obama, and played up her history of fighting to surmount the obstacles life throws in one’s way.
Their manager, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, threw up his hands Tuesday in Stengel-like frustration, after his last-ditch Hail Mary long-ball stratagem of repealing Obamacare without replacing it, failed, just as an earlier attempt failed to repeal and replace with a reasonable substitute.
Easily one of DC's finest efforts so far has been the Jock statue, based on the artist's collaboration with Scott Snyder for the "Black Mirror" storyline. The dynamic pose is a far cry from the usual crop of statues depicting Batman looming or getting ready to throw a Batarang. With the billowing cape and twisted grappling cable, there's a real sense of motion to this piece. It has a presence that goes above and beyond most of the B&W pieces. And it's always nice to see a statue depicting Dick Grayson as Batman for a change.
This past weekend, students at Keene State College in New Hampshire got, as one student put it, “way out of hand,” as they turned over a car and danced on top of it, threatened an elderly person, threw glass bottles, and popped fireworks. These violent white college kids were so unruly that the police had to come in riot gear and bring out tear gas, to quell the riots. One white female student reported feeling very unsafe. Why are these white kids so mad that they are terrorizing residents and destroying property? Should we be concerned about the fact that they seemed to really enjoy it? Is that sociopathic?
His lawyer, Stanley Schwartz, asked a judge to throw out the case because he said Ms Anderson had not submitted financial documents ordered by the court.
With Michigan's coverage improving and quarterback Deondre Francois getting absolutely blown up by the UM defensive front seven, FSU's 11-point lead was suddenly down following an ill-advised throw by Francois near his goal line; linebacker Mike McCray picked it off with ease and brought it 14 yards to the house for a touchdown to cut his team's deficit to five.
Pilsner? Really? Makes Miller’s claim “taste a real Pilsner” seem plausible. Reminded me of what you might pour out of the bottom of an open Fritos bag if it were left out in the rain, i.e. corn juice. And not the high fructose variety either! At least THAT can be really tasty. G-LO says: Bland bland bland. Where is that hint of bitterness and maltiness that I crave from a Pilsner? This one made me long for a Bud/Miller/Coors. At 67 cents a can, I say throw in 8 more cents and buy yourself a can of soda.
The cop chases feel largely neutered too; escaping police is now a totally linear exercise, where we have to follow a set path via checkpoints within a time limit instead of improvising and doing something unpredictable to throw them off. Taking down cop cars in these events has a welcome enough Burnout 3 flavour to it – muscling your pursuers into spectacular slow-motion collisions with poles and parked cars is fun – but I don’t think it was worth losing proper pursuits for. No more darting down random side-streets at the last second to shake the fuzz, or parking in a dimly-lit area with the engine off, like Need for Speed 2015. There aren’t any cops around during free-roam, either; they’re only present in story missions or at certain triggers spread around the map that will initiate another linear, pre-set chase.
The characters aren’t functionally different from each other; they’re just each tied to one or two of the five specific car classes that are different from each other. Payback splits its cars into five categories – race, off-road, drift, drag, and runner (which are used for battling cops). Cars for specific race types need to be purchased from specific dealers and can’t be used in any other race type than the one they were purchased for. It’s a bit restrictive, particularly considering the game doesn’t always necessarily play by its own rules. For instance, it makes a fuss out of communicating that ‘runner’ cars are specially-reinforced vehicles built to take on police, but then regularly throws us into cop chases in non-runner cars that seem to handle the events just as adequately. It doesn’t mind tossing drag cars into impromptu sprint races, either. I wasn’t a fan; my GT-R drag car corners like a whale on a skateboard.
1. Use error No change. My personal recommendation is that you should only use error in cases which imply programmer error; that is, you have some invariant that only a programmer (not an end-user) could have violated. And don’t forget, you should probably see if you can enforce this invariant in the type system, rather than at runtime. It is also good style to include the name of the function which the error is associated with, so you say “myDiv: division by zero” rather than just “Division by zero.” Another important thing to note is that error e is actually an abbreviation for throw (ErrorCall e) , so you can explicitly pattern match against this class of errors using: import qualified Control.Exception as E example1 :: Float -> Float -> IO () example1 x y = E.catch (putStrLn (show (myDiv1 x y))) (\(ErrorCall e) -> putStrLn e) However, testing for string equality of error messages is bad juju, so if you do need to distinguish specific error invocations, you may need something better.
6. Use throw in the IO monad It’s not called throwDyn and catchDyn anymore (unless you import Control.OldException ), just throw and catch . You don’t even need a Typeable instance; just a trivial Exception instance. I highly recommend this method for unchecked exception handling in IO: despite the mutation of these libraries over time, the designers of Haskell and GHC’s maintainers have put a lot of thought into how this exceptions should work, and they have broad applicability, from normal synchronous exception handling to asynchronous exception handling, which is very nifty. There are a load of bracketing, masking and other functions which you simply cannot do if you’re passing Eithers around. Make sure you do use throwIO and not throw if you are in the IO monad, since the former guarantees ordering; the latter, not necessarily.
I have been thinking for some time now on how to teach subroutines in Perl 6, and I don't have a good answer yet. For now, instead of some methodological introductions, I'll just try to throw together a few examples and we'll see if something comes out of that?
Rakudo will throw a compile-time exception as it cannot find the appropriate function.
For every function call Rakudo will look for a function that matches the signature and call that function. If no match is found it will throw an exception. For example, in our case, calling without a hash will throw a compile-time exception:
There’s a number of ways in which we distinguish between what we call traditional, typical e-learning, and what we know would be the type of thing that works. In fact, I banded together with several colleagues walking around an expo hall, once again saying, “We’ve been here 10 years together, meeting at these things, and what we see, there may be new, shiny objects or new buzzwords, but fundamentally underneath, the models haven’t changed.” We banded together and did what we call the Serious eLearning Manifesto. If there’s this big delta between what we could and should be doing and what we’re actually doing. I mean, we throw everything out and lose our predictability and our ability to actually do it under real-world constraints.
This will be Myers' third Division I program. He began his collegiate career at Niagara for the 2014-15 season and then transferred to Maine the next year and had to sit out due to NCAA transfer rules. This past season, he averaged 16.9 points per game for the Black Bears. Playing in 28 of his team's games, Myers averaged 30.1 minutes played and 4.5 rebounds per game. He hit 78 percent of his free throws and 44 percent of his shots.
Maybe if they throw a few Molotov cocktails through innocent people’s windows, they can get the folks in charge on their side.
San Francisco 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick threw the ball around after joining Wilson on set.
Other super-capitalists are similarly exuding hyperbole in defense of their shaky beliefs. Said a spokesman for the American Enterprise Institute: "It was the American free-enterprise system that started to spread around the world. They looked at you and said, 'I want to have their life, their freedom, and their stuff, and they threw off their chains of poverty and tyranny.'" But it's clear, when the facts are checked, that the chains of poverty are being wrapped around more and more human beings.
UPDATE ESPECIALLY FOR THE RON-PAULTARDS: I thought this went without saying on this website, but on my site I delete all comments supporting Ron Paul immediately. Why? Because I am a good person, that's why. I'd throw my own mother out in the snow for spamming Paultard propaganda on my site. And then delete it and disown her. So no, don't think you can talk me out of it.
Hundreds of demonstrators took to the streets Friday to participate in pro-worker, anti-police-brutality rallies, as well as one that was billed as anti-capitalist. According to the Seattle Times, one protester broke a window and others threw rocks at police before law enforcement responded with flash bangs.
We also soon discovered that when you throw a ball in shallow water, Oakley has a very nice ‘water-gallop’, which you can see in this video – as filmed with GoPro:
Her appearance in the news prompted the State Environmental Protection Administration in China to promise to "closely watch the progress of investigation into the dumping of garbage in south China by Britain". Ministry officials added that no official approval had been given to any company in the area to import waste.[7]
As a sad sign of the times, the Sun’s sidebar included this related story from just a month ago, where a cop in nearby Arundel shot a dog while canvassing a neighborhood and was put on “administrative duty” while the department promised a “thorough” investigation. Our own related stories, below.
Americans spend billions on health and diet products every year. From books and meal plans to prepackaged foods and DVDs, we eat the stuff up (pun intended). It's natural to be attracted to any path that promises big results for little effort, but there's more to it. People who would otherwise consider themselves rational are often duped by marketing and half-truth statements made in the name of science.
We respond strongly to warnings about danger, and promises of really awesome stuff (like health, or weight loss)—but only if those warnings or promises are actionable. And with food, that really applies: We can act on a warning to avoid gluten or eat superfoods (or whatever) at our next meal or our next trip to the grocery store. It makes us feel good to have control over ourselves. I'm not a psychologist and this is just my personal opinion, but I'm sure there is research that backs this up.
Ross Anderson, professor of security engineering at the University of Cambridge, said: “This is just what the agencies pushed in the late 1990s, after Al Gore persuaded Tony Blair to go back on his pre-election promise not to ban encryption.
Frank Stauss, a political consultant who has organised several election campaigns for the Social Democrats in Germany, said Trump’s biggest asset was “that he didn’t stand for going on with business as usual”. Trump’s voters in the US wanted a change, and so did leave voters in Britain. They were fed up with an establishment that promised wealth and prosperity in the EU when they were experiencing the opposite.
Golden said that Democrats must be held accountable, too. “There’s a lot of Democrats out there who made a lot of promises that they haven’t really been stepping up on either,” he said.
Early interviews mentioning The Blue Album and Pinkerton. Check. A lead single that promised we’d be rocking out like it was '94. Check. It was clear what Weezer were trying to tell us: Honestly, we mean it, for real this time, this one’s going to be the one you’re waiting for. But put aside all of that and Everything Will Be Alright In the End is pretty much what you expect it to be: a record which, while sharing similarities with records from their earlier periods, is another predictably uneven entry in the Weezer discography.
Salmond will promise to set up an all-party "Team Scotland" group after any "Yes" vote, to negotiate the terms of independence by March 24, 2016.
His promise is an appeal to Scottish Labour voters, many of whom bitterly oppose the SNP, which won the first majority government of Scotland's devolved parliament in a landslide victory in 2011.
Lijphart acknowledged a legitimate complaint about PR is that parties’ election platforms and promises can be compromised or lost in the negotiations to form a coalition government . Still, in mature multi-party systems, such as in Germany’s, it is often clear prior to an election which parties (and policies) are going to work together in government, he said.
Bezos' near-term space focus is on Blue Origin, the company he founded to develop reusable launch vehicles that promise to reduce the cost of space access. Bezos announced on Twitter June 13 that the company would perform another test flight of its New Shepard suborbital launch vehicle on June 17, which, for the first time, will be webcast live on the company's website.
Brothers Vegard and Bård Ylvisåker are hosts of Tonight with Ylvis, a late-night talk show in Norway. And when it came time to prepare a promo for their new season, they called on a favor they had with some guys over at Stargate, a Norwegian production company that has produced hits such as Rihanna’s “Diamonds.” After Ylvis helped one of the guys at Stargate prepare a birthday gift, the company had promised to produce something for the comedy duo in return, and now the guys were ready to cash in their I.O.U.
It went steadily downhill after the pilot meandering down blind plot alleys and never quite settling on a tone with characters who became less interesting as the show wore on. I still stayed with it because I had to know how it would end, and NBC promised we would get answers.
The WSWS consistently defended this position from the beginning of the Egyptian revolution, explaining on the day before the working class toppled Mubarak: “The revolutionary Marxists must counsel workers against all illusions that their democratic aspirations can be achieved under the aegis of bourgeois parties. They must expose ruthlessly the false promises of the political representatives of the capitalist class. They must encourage the creation of independent organs of workers’ power which can become, as the class struggle intensifies, the basis for the transfer of power to the working class. They must explain that the realization of workers’ essential democratic demands is inseparable from the implementation of socialist policies ...
Selina Publishers, which published the book, regretted over the controversy and promised that it will be removed from the textbook in next editions.
But as the stories continue to unfold some things have started to change. There were the immediate reactions: Iceland's prime minister resigned out of embarrassment, British Prime Minister David Cameron, who released his personal financial assets in an attempt at transparency — a promise he had made earlier on as prime minister and is now under enormous pressure to uphold — will also host an anti-corruption summit in the coming month, which will surely discuss the Panama Papers' findings.
The first time Herb Hyman spoke with the rep from Starbucks, in 1991, the life of his small business flashed before his eyes. For three decades, Hyman’s handful of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf stores had been filling the caffeine needs of Los Angeles locals and the Hollywood elite: Johnny Carson had his own blend there; Jacques Cousteau arranged to have Hyman’s coffee care packages meet his ship at ports around the world; and Dirty Dozen leading man Lee Marvin often worked behind the counter with Hyman for fun. But when the word came down that the rising Seattle coffee juggernaut was plotting its raid on Los Angeles, Hyman feared his life’s work would be trampled underfoot. Starbucks even promised as much. “They just flat-out said, ‘If you don’t sell out to us, we’re going to surround your stores,’ ” Hyman recalled. “And lo and behold, that’s what happened—and it was the best thing that ever happened to us.”
Bullish on the promise of telerobotics exploration of the moon from EML-2 is Jack Burns, director of the Lunar University Network for Astrophysics Research (LUNAR) Center at the University of Colorado, Boulder. LUNAR is funded by the NASA Lunar Science Institute.
Perhaps one unexpected "Brexit Bonus" might be a diminution in killjoy lifestyle regulation. Which would be ironic, really. For years we were promised "continental drinking", the boozy Europeans offering a more liberal drinking culture than the uptight British. ®
Toward the end of 2006, Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility — "a national non-profit alliance of local, state and federal scientists, law enforcement officers, land managers and other professionals dedicated to upholding environmental laws and values" — charged the National Park Service with stalling on a promised review of a creationist book sold at the bookstores at Grand Canyon National Park. Although the park's bookstores are operated by a separate non-profit organization, the Grand Canyon Association, the National Park Service is responsible for approving the items that are sold there. In August 2003, the NPS approved the sale of Grand Canyon: A Different View , edited by Tom Vail and published by Master Books, the publishing arm of the Institute for Creation Research. A Different View expounds a young-earth creationist view of the geology of the canyon, and proclaims, "all contributions have been peer-reviewed to ensure a consistent and biblical perspective." In his review of the book ( RNCSE 2004 Jan/Feb; 24 [1]: 33-6), the geologist Wilfred Elders described it as "'Exhibit A' of a new, slick strategy by biblical literalists to proselytize using a beautifully illustrated, multi-authored book about a spectacular and world-famous geological feature," adding, "Allowing the sale of this book within the National Park was unfortunate. In the minds of some buyers, this could imply NPS approval of young-earth creationists and their religious proselytizing."
After the sale of A Different View was approved, the superintendent of the park appealed to the NPS headquarters for "a review of the book in terms of its appropriateness," and the Chief of the Park Service's Geologic Resources Division recommended its removal, saying that it "does not use accurate, professional and scholarly knowledge; is not based on science but a specific religious doctrine; does not further the public's understanding of the Grand Canyon's existence; [and] does not further the mission of the National Park Service." Meanwhile, the sale of the book became a matter of public controversy (see RNCSE 2004 Jan/Feb; 24 [1]: 4-5). Elders's review appeared in Eos (the weekly newsletter of the American Geophysical Union); the presidents of the American Paleontological Society, the American Geophysical Union, the National Association of Geoscience Teachers, the Association of American State Geologists, the Society for Vertebrate Paleontology, the American Geological Institute, and the Geological Society of America signed a joint letter to the NPS, urging that A Different View be removed "from shelves where buyers are given the impression that the book is about earth science and its content endorsed by the National Park Service" (see RNCSE 2004 Jan/Feb; 24 [1]: 19); and stories about the controversy appeared in the Los Angeles Times and The New York Times . A spokesperson for the NPS repeatedly assured the press and Congress that the promised review would be forthcoming.
Silence in our community is not striking a blow at our enemies. In fact it just makes them stronger and more confident in their actions. Pretending to be heroes in the face of evil never helps anyone. We Black women are not superwomen. We are as vulnerable and as susceptible to violence as our white female counterparts (and maybe even more so). Sexual assault does not happen “out there”—outside the walls of our community. No, it occurs daily within our own borders right under our noses by those we trust the most.Partner rape is not a myth and causes as much emotional and psychological damage as stranger rape, domestic abuse, incest and molestation. For many people the idea that your trusted husband, boyfriend or girlfriend could be your rapist is as much of a fable as is the Loch Ness monster; but it does exist.According to the Rape, Abuse and Incest NationalNetwork (RAINN) , “survivors of partner rape are more likely to be raped multiple times when compared to stranger and acquaintance rape survivors. As such, partner rape survivors are more likely to suffer severe and long–lasting physical and psychological injuries.”As Black women we have been taught since we were first knee-high that in order to protect our Black men first, our community second and ourselves last, that we needed to learn the value of a closed mouth. Shouldering responsibility in silence was always the best course of action lest it be known publicly—giving our “white enemies” another chance to disparage our people. We were expected to suffer alone; to workout the problem as quietly as we could and to never, ever bring shame into our households. Unfortunately, this responsibility has also caused on our humanly demise.For me, it was (and still is) one of the most distasteful, disgusting and sinful burdens ever to be laid at the feet of Black women. We have been so effective in this community strategy that it has left many of us deathly afraid to speak up and out against those we have loved and claim to have loved us. Those human beings who promised to protect us and instead raped us.I have read the stories from women of color who were raped by their husbands, boyfriends, partners and girlfriends. Women who suffered unimaginable and unbearable agony in fear of what would happen to them should they say anything. They were left unaided by friends, family, and even church members because they did not want to break with tradition, or better yet be seen as a victim.We must stop living like this. We must break our silence and begin coming out in droves telling our stories and confronting those men within our communities, within our lives, who have brought upon us despicable acts of violence and torture. If we do not what will happen to those left behind us? To those growing up now? If in 2011, as reported by NewsOne, “sixtypercent of black girls [had] experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black menbefore reaching the age of 18 ,” what are the chances that the number will double in say the next two or three or four years? How long are going to keep protecting others at the expense of our souls—our bodies—our dignity?I know that coming forward is not, by any means, easy for anyone regardless of the type of abuse but is necessary if we want to control this problem within our community. Black women you have the right to protect yourselves and to place your humanity as your number one priority. Partner rape happens every day to so many of beautiful sisters. Have the courage to stand up and place your perpetrator behind bars. You not only save your life but the life of someone else.For more resources check out:I would also urge you to check out No!: The Rape Documentary by Aishah Simmons who documents the stories of African American women breaking their silence.Alice J. Rollins is an aspiring freelance writer and blogger who holds an M.A. in Women’s and Gender Studies from DePaul University. Her areas of interest include African American women’s spirituality, feminist/womanist pedagogy and politics of migration. She is currently based in Chicago, IL. Email her at: alice@forharriet.com
Workers would win the “right to own” their employers under a Labour government. In a speech to Co-operative UK in Manchester today, John McDonnell promised legislation to give employees first rights on buying out a company that is being dissolved, sold or floated on the stock exchange.
He promised that the Labour Party would consider providing matching government funding for new co-operatives and look into the recommendations in Graeme Nuttall’s report on employee ownership, including creating a statutory right to request employee ownership and have proposals considered by employers.
David Cameron today vowed that Britain will take 'thousands' more refugees as he promised to 'fulfil our moral responsibilities'.
David Cameron today sought to quell public outrage over the refugee crisis with a promise to 'fulfil our moral responsibilities'
I promised monthly updates, so here I am to deliver!
Stop buying magazines. When I was in college, I used to buy Lucky Mag religiously. I fancied myself a fashionista and I wanted to keep up with the trends. Thing is, each magazine cost $5 by itself, let alone what it would cost to purchase something highlighted in its pages. Women’s magazines are blazoned with full-page ads that promise you instant beauty and weight loss and happiness if you just buy the latest product. And if it’s a reputable publisher like Oprah or Essence, you’re already pre-wired to trust the product recommendations, which can make you even more likely to buy something you see in those magazines. Just remember that you can get many of the same articles online these days, so there really is no need to read magazines anymore.
As a way of saying ‘Thank You,’ one of the Inhumans promise that they will use their abilities to search for Ms. Marvel and will contact the Champions if they find anything.
Upon learning that some of the young X-Men have been captured Magneto, says that he plans to honor his promise to Hydra-Cap not to get involved with the mutant nation, but he has ways he can help rescue the captured X-Men.
Needless to say, a discussion with the unconscious is not straightforward. If conscious life is not wholly rational, driven as much by emotions and intuitions, then the patterns and instincts of the unconscious are even more buried and obscure. Worse, Jung argues that the modern world has developed a positive fear of the unconscious because it escapes the precise determination, analysis and control promised by modern science. The natural language of the unconscious is not exact like mathematics; it is flexible like mythology.
Update your application. Prepare your app for this “holiday” and offer your users an unforgettable experience. Let images and layouts to tell the story of this event and don’t forget that your app should fit perfectly for all types of devices. Don’t wait for the big day to arrive. Start now to change your app’s interface as a promise of professionalism to your users and allow them to imagine what will happen for Black Friday. Keep in mind that mobile purchases are expected to hit 20 billion in the next period, as Apptentive NO errors. It is great to change colors and images for this period but, this effort means nothing if your app will crush in that specific day. The time is limited and it is unacceptable to let users struggle to make their purchases or to view your offers. Should I say more? Test your app 100 times if need it to be sure that everything will go as planned. Implement easy payment methods. All what users want in that day is to complete as fast as possible a transaction and to move on to the next one. If they need to remember their card number and all the personal information they will abandon the shopping cart in an instance. Allow people to use any fast payment services like Apple Pay or Android Pay and everything will go faster. Messaging is the key. Use in – app messages and push notifications to announce your users about the improvements you made to your app and about the promotions for this occasion. It’s useless to make the best offers if nobody knows about them. Use deep linking. If you spread the word about the huge advantage of using your app during Black Friday, be sure that users won’t get lost inside your app in that rush and allow them to land on the same page where they can find the promotion they are looking for. Take advantages of mobile moments. This is the perfect period of the year not only for increasing your revenue, but for user acquisition and especially for user retention. Focus on attracting your customers offering an amazing experience overall and they will come back to your app after the Black Friday, too.
Yes, you can dive into an IT fad without thinking about it, but I can promise you’ll look back and be horrified someday. The only time you can fully adopt some of these new methods is when you are starting from scratch. Most of us don’t have that luxury because we are working with legacy architectures and technical debt so you have to play hand you’ve been dealt, communicate well, set clear and measurable outcomes, and use these fads to thoughtfully supplement the environment you are working in to benefit the ecosystem.
PiS is close to the country's powerful Roman Catholic Church and has promised increased benefits and tax breaks.
The investments promised by Li Keqing during his trip to South America are largely in line with this strategy. The flagship project is a $10 billion railroad between Brazil and Peru that will connect the Atlantic and Pacific ports. The railroad will make it easier and cheaper to export of soybeans, beef, and ore from the Brazilian hinterlands. Currently, these exports must first reach Brazilian ports in Pará or Maranhão, and then traverse the Panama Canal to reach the Pacific and China.
In Colombia, China promised to modernize the port of Buenaventura, the country’s second most important harbor, and pledged to build a 600 km highway linking central Colombia with the Venezuela border. The road is supposed to cross the region of Orinoquía – rich in agriculture, cattle, oil, and minerals. China and Colombia also pledged to negotiate a bilateral free trade agreement.
That seems like wishful thinking wrapped up in a misguided analogy to me; supposing the Church regularly reincarnates itself is incompatible with the idea of an apostolic faith and Christ’s promise to be with us until the end of the age. But almost more striking is the fatalistic kind of progressive amor fati; progressive unto death.
At a separate news conference Thursday, Christie called the latest demonstration a "me-first rally" but admitted he made campaign promises he could not keep.
The board essentially is arguing that Trump should give up on a central campaign promise because Democrats do not like it. However, it later says that he would be much better off going for the old talking point of a “virtual wall”:
It finishes with the warning that if illegal immigrants are not granted amnesty via a DACA replacement, Democrats will “blame” Republicans for their deportation — despite this being a campaign promise from the president.
“Mike, if you join my company, I’ll make out of you a little André Tchelistcheff!” he promised him.
I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?
And in what can only be heralded as a “Babe Ruth” move, Hinault promised national team director Richard Marillier that he would win the race three years earlier—when he discovered that the worlds would be held in France. The anecdote, although rarely cited, calls to mind “The Babe” pointing to the bleachers moments before blasting a home run to the very spot.
Peloton: You were so confident that, according to legend, you promised the national team coach three years earlier that you would win the world championships that year. Is that really true?
Obviously, I stand by my reporting and have no intention of unpublishing stories. But I’m writing about HostSailor again here because I promised to post an update if they ever responded to my requests for comment.
“We know that it has been a long time since we originally promised the Toontown Rewritten alpha, however we do have good reason for the delays,” the project team posted in October 2013. “The more we worked on Toontown Rewritten, the more we saw that this game is severely outdated and needs a big rework. These past three months we have been setting groundwork to make sure that this game is not only revived, but revived so that it will last.”
But that leads to the part I am the least happy with: we signed up for future work in the Kickstarter, and some of that is still outstanding. At least its down to one piece, a supplement titled Inglorious, but that’s still something that bothers me. Part of the problem is how my life has shifted in those five years: a new job that I find far more engaging, buying a house, the birth of our kid. My portions of Dungeon World were often written in free time during the day while at the office, but time like that has dried up. But the larger issue may be that my approach to game design is so much tinkering. I have found occasional time to work on a few projects, but have to remind myself the importance of finishing things that were promised ahead of things that have my attention.
Ultimately this is a failure I can live with. We will deliver Inglorious, it’ll be good, and then I’ll let my design time wander. Delivering on the Half Life 3 timescale is not ideal, but it was a stretch goal among many we already delivered. Bottom line: don’t promise future work in a Kickstarter. If I ever go back to KS I won’t be offering any stretch goals that I haven’t already done my part of.
As promised in his campaign, Trump announced America would call it quits with Obama’s 2016 signing of the Paris agreement on “climate change.”
Initial signs are that OPEC/non-OPEC compliance with promised production cuts is robust, conceivably as much as 2/3s or about 1.2 mb/d. If Brent hits $60 or more, producers should be watched carefully for signs of backsliding, but initial compliance should reduce global inventories slightly. Bullish early, bearish later.
Then, about a month ago, Jessie got a double dose of bad news that promises to derail her Christmas entirely. Robby’s father got sick with severe bronchitis and had to spend several months in Florida with his brother recovering. Most of the family was going to follow suit and join him for Christmas. Jessie thought she’d be going with him.
Overnight, it seemed, personal agency and self-insight had become hot commodities – Freudian psychoanalysis was all the rage – and the new self-help titles initially seemed to offer a painless shot at a certain kind of lasting change, one based on consciously shifting your thought patterns. In the 1950s, Norman Vincent Peale’s The Power of Positive Thinking (1952) ruled bestseller lists with its promise that changing your inner monologue could boost the quality of your life. ‘Think positively,’ he wrote, ‘and you set in motion positive forces which bring positive results to pass.’
Self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise
In demonstrations, the researchers manipulated two qubits at a time. For ion trap systems, the maximum number of qubits used in varying experiments so far is less than 10. In order to outperform a classical computer, the researchers would need to perform operations on 30 or more qubits, suspects Home, something he thinks could happen in the next five to 10 years. While quantum computers hold promise for breaking ultrasecure encryption codes, he says that early quantum computers will mostly likely be used to simulate physical systems, for example, the electronic properties of materials.
'There's a chance (CPI) was not going to make good on their promises to customers, and if they don't they make us look like liars,' McDowell, of Alton, Ill., said.
I can’t promise you every GMO is safe, any more than Robinson can promise every non-GMO is safe. I’m not here to sell you an ideology or win a fight. I’m here to encourage you to think critically. If you follow these 13 rules, you’ll avoid the worst mistakes of the anti-GMO movement. And you’ll free yourself from dogmatists, even those who claim to speak for doubt.
The following hikes, rambles, and walks are perfect for novice hikers or families with children. Most are under five miles, and all have a kid-friendly feature to help entice them along. The best way to encourage my own kids down a trail is with the promise of water for swimming. We’ve got a few more tricks up our sleeves if you’re interested, but a good many of our favorite trails surround lakes, meander along rivers, or end up at the bottom of waterfalls.
The prime minister intends to re-establish diplomatic relations with Iran and to revive Canada’s relationship with Mexico, its partner, along with the United States, in the North American Free-Trade Agreement. He promised to lift visa restrictions on Mexicans, imposed in 2009 to stem an influx of asylum-seekers and an irritant ever since.
The Family in Time and Eternity For these marriage and family relationships to endure forever, they must be sealed through holy ordinances and covenants available only in the temple, with all the promised blessings being dependent on the participants’ faithfulness. The importance of these ordinances to our salvation was explained by the Lord: “In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees; “And in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this order of the priesthood [meaning the new and everlasting covenant of marriage]; “And if he does not, he cannot obtain it” (D&C 131:1–3). In other words, just as the ordinance and covenant of baptism are the gate to enter the celestial kingdom, so temple marriage is the gate to enter the highest degree of that kingdom. Those who marry in the temple and remain faithful to their covenants are promised that they shall become like God because they will enjoy the continuation of the family unit forever, just like our heavenly parents (see D&C 132:19–20).
The Family and Alternative Lifestyles It is true that not everyone has the opportunity to marry in this life, nor is every couple blessed with children in mortality. Latter-day prophets have assured us that those who are faithful will eventually be given these blessings, either in this life or the next.9 Nevertheless, just because not everyone achieves the ideal does not mean we should stop holding it up as the standard to seek. Eternal marriage and family relationships should be a desire and priority for every Latter-day Saint, regardless of circumstances. As has always been the case, Satan proposes alternatives to our Heavenly Father’s plan, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the family. In contrast to our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness through righteousness in marriage and family life, Satan proposes alternative lifestyles that are rooted in sinfulness and selfishness. He is cursed to never marry or have a family, and he entices us to live like him instead of like our Heavenly Father. He lies to us, telling us that marriage and family are an inconvenience and a bondage. He promises us that we will find greater joy and fulfillment in some other way or through some other arrangement. He tempts us not to marry and, if we do marry, to not have children. The deviations the adversary proposes include premarital sexual relations, pornography, abuse of spouse and children, elective abortion for personal or social convenience, marital infidelity, unjustified divorce, cohabitation, homosexual relations, and unwarranted sterilization.10 If he cannot convince us to do these things, he tempts us to support and encourage others to do them. But these alternative lifestyles will not bring the true happiness we seek in this life, nor will they bring the full blessings of salvation in the next. Out of loyalty to our Heavenly Father’s plan and out of love for mankind, we must discourage and oppose measures that are not designed to maintain and strengthen marriage between a man and a woman and “the family as the fundamental unit of society.”11
To people in the West, "instant cities" like Karachi are often seen as teeming metropolises that are plagued by poverty and blight. But for those who come from places where the poverty is even worse, these huge metropolises are shining cities, full of promise and potential.
But why is simple so hard? How do you start out wanting to build a text editor and end up building an entire operating system instead? Why do guys spend thousands of dollars on ebooks and workshops that promise to teach them the secrets of meeting women instead of taking the direct, cost-free, and equally rejection-prone route of just walking up and saying hi?
I gingerly climbed on top of the plastic contraption now ringing my porcelain throne. It soon became apparent that I couldn't keep my britches at my ankles as I normally did. No, they had to go entirely, along with my underthings. And if there is anything more ridiculous on this planet than the sight of a human man wearing a t-shirt and nothing else, I have yet to experience it. So in the interest of saving myself this unfortunate view, I doffed the shirt as well. Now entirely naked, I again attempted to step onto the device. I was unsure, but it seemed to hold. I settled down to the seat, with only the extremities of my posterior touching. My knees were up at my chest. This, plus my complete nakedness, felt very primal. It felt third-world and adventurous. It felt... RIGHT. I concentrated on the task at hand. I had felt a slight urge to go, and had been eager to try out the new purchase. I had been intrigued by the promise that my business would henceforth require substantially less effort on my part, because of the wild beast–man position it forced upon me. But I was still skeptical. It sounded too good to be true. Surely the difference couldn't be that dras— HOLY HELL I'M POOPING.
The on-screen text also promised “unlimited sex” would be included in the price of admission, and that there would be “60 girls” for the 30 guests.
The website further promises “surprise sexual activities,” “unlimited condoms,” free alcohol and food, luxury yacht parties, and pick up and drop off services from the airport in Cartagena, all included in the price.
<blockquote>”I had promised Bernie when I took the helm of the Democratic National Committee after the convention that I would get to the bottom of whether Hillary Clinton’s team had rigged the nomination process, as a cache of emails stolen by Russian hackers and posted online had suggested. I’d had my suspicions from the moment I walked in the door of the DNC a month or so earlier, based on the leaked emails. But who knew if some of them might have been forged? I needed to have solid proof, and so did Bernie.”</blockquote>
<blockquote>”I had to keep my promise to Bernie. I was in agony as I dialed him. Keeping this secret was against everything that I stood for, all that I valued as a woman and as a public servant.”</blockquote>
One of my earliest childhood memories is of my father showing me the coin he received upon his reaching 90 days of sobriety in a Minneapolis alcoholism treatment facility; I was perhaps 5 years old at the time. For as long as I can remember, I was aware of and obsessed with alcohol. On the one hand I was afraid of alcohol knowing that my father had problems with drinking and I did not want to end up in a hospital; on the other, I wanted to experience release from a painful self-consciousness and fear that mounted all throughout my childhood. I recall watching with rapt attention the TV commercials which depicted the Budweiser Clydesdales pulling their fully-laden coach through bucolic, snowy landscapes, wishing for their promised good cheer to break through the sad fog of familial strife that unfailingly settled over my house from mid-November to mid-January every year.
The residents have been promised help with finding a new home and they've also been guaranteed units in the new building. But many are still devastated by the news.
Lazy Girl speaks to how we’d all like to put forward less effort. But at the same time, to the extent that these articles continue to exist, we will always believe it takes a large amount of effort to be acceptable. The tacit promise of the Lazy Girl is that it’ll be easy to add yet another self-improvement habit to your routine, normalizing the endless list of obligations while implying they should take no effort or time at all. To be a lazier woman is a worthy aspiration: Actual Lazy Girls are heroes. The Lazy Girl meme represents, if anything, the opposite .
Stem cells derived from fetal tissues have been instrumental in creating various vaccines, including those for measles and polio, and hold great promise in developing treatments for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s and Huntington’s as well as spinal cord injuries and blindness.
With the "diplomatic" approach having failed to thwart Rushdie, some of his religious opponents resorted to a more reliable means of censorship: the threat of death. The depressing fact is that almost 23 years after Ayatollah Khomeini issued his fatwa calling for Rushdie's murder, and 13 years after the Iranian government promised to stop supporting his assassination, the novelist is still subject to summary execution orders.
The Conservatives promised to protect spending per pupil at the general election. This leaves a slim amount of spending available for cuts, including post-16 learning, early years and universal free school meals for infants. David Cameron has already indicated he wants the meals to remain because it was a Conservative manifesto pledge.
The son of a CIA officer who spied for Russia avoided a prison sentence after he promised to help build a new case against his father.
This isn't some soft opening or novelty act, either. White promises it's part of a long-term investment in women's MMA. It's the UFC trying to use the star power of Rousey to build entire weight classes, an entire sport nearly from scratch.
On Saturday, Rousey, the fighter that almost single-handedly forced the UFC to open itself up to women's fighting, promises to deliver back in similar fashion.
Camping had predicted that the rapture would occur at 6 p.m. May 21, 2011. Believers would rise to heaven while the rest would be left to wander a godforsaken planet until Oct. 21, when Camping promised a fiery end to the world.
He promised an explanation after prayer and talks with friends. But Camping had a stroke less than a month later and was hospitalized until September. Once he was released, Camping said both the rapture and the end of the world would take place Oct. 21.
The major point is not to panic when the market reacts to this situation. Do not get caught up in the doom and gloom syndrome, where people firmly believe that this tangible asset of gold that you can hold in your hand is far above the promises of our politicians and the unbacked paper issued by our governments.
The Allied incursion generally accomplished nothing significant in terms of either foreign relations or military success. The small forces deployed to Russia were unable to break the power of the Red Army, and simply watched as the White Army (composed of anti-communist Russians) was slowly destroyed. Worse, the Allies are said to have made and then broken numerous promises of additional assistance made to Admiral Kolchak, the leader of a "government in exile" established at Omsk following the Bolshevik revolution. John Ward, who lead the British force known as "Die-Hards," states that
It is certain that Admiral Koltchak would never have gone to Siberia, nor have become the head of the constitutional movement and government of Russia, if he had not been advised and even urged to do so by the Allies. He received the most categorical promises of whole-hearted support and early Allied recognition before he agreed to take up the dangerous duty of head of the Omsk Government. Had these urgings and promises been ungrudgingly performed a Constituent Assembly would be now sitting at Moscow hammering out the details of a Federal Constitution for a mighty Russian Republic or a parliamentary system similar to our own. (Ward, 1920)
House Speaker John Boehner, late Monday, released the following statement in response to the report. "For all the promises of lower costs for small businesses, the administration now admits that far more of these workers will pay higher than lower premiums under the law," he said.
The first phase of the work will be completed in 2017 and the total project completed in 2019, Starwood said. The company promises the redevelopment will be highly visible from the tollway, with a "vibrant, welcoming façade that expresses a sense of arrival" for people visiting the center.
The U.S. Court of Claims issued a strongly worded opinion that the federal government must pay Moda $214 million it had earlier reneged on. "The Court finds that the Government made a promise in the risk corridors program that it has yet to fulfill," wrote Judge Thomas Wheeler . "Today, the Court directs the Government to fulfill that promise. After all, to say to [Moda], 'The joke is on you. You shouldn't have trusted us,' is hardly worthy of our great government."
The government's risk corridor program promised significant financial assistance to companies if they agreed to participate in the insurance exchanges created by the Affordable Care Act and then lost money. Moda enthusiastically jumped into the program and proceeded to hemorrhage red ink for three consecutive years.
Finally, Strasberg has an epic trip, effectively portrayed as a living hell, culminating with her body falling, tumbling through golden flames in a striking image. That the film ends on a bummer note is typical of the era, with the promise of Dionysus reduced to the threat of Hades. Just like THE TRIP was altered by AIP to make it seem that Fonda’s experience destroyed him (by adding cracks to the final image!), here we leave our flower children tangled in thorny vines with a tiny hope of redemption for Jenny. Or as Stoney says to Dave, “The acid has curdled and made you sour.”
Mr. Blair said, “We had to do 50 push-ups and promise to do better.”
The other is from Democratic Reps. Tom Miles of Forest and Michael Evans of Preston, who say they have promises of bipartisan support from more than 20 colleagues.
The collapse of the festival became a national punchline. Those involved believe McFarland and his co-organizer Ja Rule started out wanting to deliver on their promises — an ultra-lux experience on a private island formerly owned by Pablo Escobar, with famous models dancing on yachts, bottle service at beachside concerts, and hidden treasures accessible only by jet-ski. But all agree they knew or should have known well in advance it wasn’t going to work.
Despite a pitch deck that promised 10,000 ticket-holders each weekend, sales were low and largely discounted. Most buyers had paid somewhere between $500 and $2,000 for their tickets, despite outlandish claims that people were purchasing ticket packages for hundreds of thousands of dollars. The target audience wasn’t elite or affluent people — it was people who wanted the lifestyle but couldn’t afford it, until Fyre Festival came along.
Their promises to registrants also kept changing over time. Pablo Escobar never owned an island in the Bahamas, and even if he had, the festival was located on an abandoned development site on a public beach near a Sandals resort. In an early pitch deck obtained by Vanity Fair, McFarland’s team claimed the festival had been given $8.4 million in land on Black Point in Exuma “in exchange for hosting the festival and promoting the island.” Though sources say McFarland and 24-year-old Margolin did look into buying a private island in December after the first wave of ticket purchases came in, they abandoned the plan because the location had no electricity, no water, and no space for more than a thousand or so revelers.
“I’m under no illusion that under this Congress we’re gonna get massive investments in urban communities,” he said, but promised to try and work with the Congress on economic solutions to help cities implement solutions.
The dream of long-acting HIV drugs is becoming a reality each and every day, thanks to sophisticated medical breakthroughs. One of the newest drugs to get our attention has shown promise in creating HIV drugs that can be administered once or twice a year.
Prognosis: Wan blew us away (and rocked the box office) with The Conjuring, so we're excited to see what might be his last foray into horror. Wan promises Insidious 2 takes it to "a whole other crazy disturbing level." Fingers crossed.
Prognosis: Everything we've seen so far about this movie promises an insane attention to detail and dedication to capturing every corner of the futuristic wartime setting. And the space battle scenes look just breathtaking. The main question that remains is, will this film do justice to the dark heart of the book?
In 2013 when Westfield decided to demolish the former Robinsons-May department store building, that footprint was returned to the city and the newly enlarged space opened last May. Westfield promised to maintain the park and activate it with special events and weekly activities.
Two suspects in their 20s were arrested at the Bell Centre. A 22-year-old man faces an assault charge and will remain in custody until he appears in court Monday. A 23-year-old man, facing a charge of armed assault, has been released on promise to appear at a later date.
Luongo’s tenure in Vancouver has been odd to say the least. Management promises a trade, then trade’s the other guy. Either way, new coach JohnTortorella hopes to rejuvenate Roberto’s career, and get him back to Stanley Cup form. It can happen, it’s just remained to be seen.
“There is no rational reason to take away someone’s voting rights because they committed a crime,” Holder said at a conference at Georgetown University. When laws prevent people from voting, Holder said, the country falls “short of the bedrock promise of equal opportunity and equal justice.”
There are already reports of opposition by pensioners who have called a demonstration against the deal this afternoon, as well as the Communist trade union front PAME. There is also opposition from within Syriza. Left Platform supporters within the government will now be faced with a stark choice: to oppose these measures and be kicked out of the cabinet, or cave in and backtrack on their earlier promise not to vote for austerity.
While speaking with The Wall Street Journal, he admitted that after speaking with President Barack Obama on Thursday, he would reconsider his campaign promise to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare.
He is referring to how he conducted a basketball career that held the promise of professional greatness and by extension a life of surmounting the most daunting of socioeconomic odds. Nearly a quarter century ago, Joan Anderson sat in her living room in LeFrak City, a housing development in Queens in New York, and seemed, in retrospect, to be speaking from the future when she said, of the four children she raised alone, but mostly of the one who would earn tens of millions and spend it all, “I gave them life, but I couldn’t live it for them.”
He arrived in office to a military leadership lacking a political strategy to shape its tactics in the Middle East and Afghanistan. When he asked for options and political counsel on ending the Mideast wars — as he had promised the electorate — he was insolently given settled plans by the generals for prosecuting the wars to victory.
What’s striking is the number of riders capable of a top-10 finish. Richie Porte, Tejay van Garderen and Alberto Contador seem to be the safe choices but what of all the others? It’s this uncertainty that promises plenty.
In turn, you command one of eight American teens during a mountain lodge getaway, which - would you believe it - takes a turn for the grim and gruesome. With dialogue trees, hidden clues and item pickups to be found, the story's course promises to adapt to your actions, often in some pretty bizarre ways. But crucially, once a character from this starting octet is gone, they're gone for good. Hundreds of possible endings are promised, whether they all survive, face a grisly end, or their fates fall somewhere in-between.
McInnerny was lured back with the promise of the series’ second all-new character, Blackadder’s weaselly and sycophantic equal. “Darling and Blackadder are kind of the same really,” Elton says, “lower-middle-class sort of semi-gentlemen. But obviously one of them has managed to connive his way on to the staff, and the other one’s bad-lucked into the trenches.”
FRIEND 1: That guy is just the most pure of soul that you will ever meet in your life. I promise you that.
THE BROCHURE FOR the Bahamas cruise couldn't be more inviting. It promises four days at sea, including a visit to a private island paradise where guests can "soak up the sun on a white sand beach" and thrill seek on a "powerboat adventure."
But such promises are of little value to anti-abortion groups.
“We call upon this Congress and Administration to be true to their promises to fix abortion aspects of the healthcare law and work to redirect funding for Planned Parenthood through tax reform,” March for Life President Jeanne Mancini said in a statement to The Hill.
In the run up to the election, he was euphemistically called the man of the masses, the ‘taqdeer’ of the nation. During the campaign, he claimed to have details of the Swiss bank accounts of the high and mighty in his diary and promised to eradicate corruption from the roots.
The minorities flocked to him; the middle-class loved him; the youth dreamt of a revolution when he spoke and the poor believed he was their messiah. Riding on the euphoria, the promise of a new dawn, the two-year-old party decimated its rivals and formed the next government in Delhi.
A recurring theme of Indian politics has been that every few years a new politician catches the fancy of the nation. He rails against the establishment, promises to fight against the corrupt and dynastic Congress, packages himself as honest and holier-than-thou, sells dreams of better days, makes promises that sound sincere, coins catchy slogans— Raja (VP Singh) Nahin Fakir Hai, Desh ki Taqdeer Hai, for instance — and then walks away with the trust and hopes of the voters.
Des Moines Metro Opera, June 23-July 16; Simpson College, Indianola, Iowa: The highlight of the 45th festival summer promises to be Benjamin Britten's "Billy Budd," in a new edition by Britten scholar Steuart Bedford. Rounding out the schedule will be Sondheim's "A Little Night Music," Piazzolla's "Maria de Buenos Aires" and Puccini's "Turandot." 515-961-6221; www.dmmo.org
Beyond Earth attempts to guide you through the game more than past titles, using an overhauled dynamic quest system. I didn't see much beyond the basics in my 55 turns—mostly just "Try to get a unit to this square and see what happens!" type quests—but Firaxis promises it will react to how you're playing and try to both guide you down your current path and prompt you to explore other possibilities. Also, it's apparently an incredibly moddable system, and the developers said they're "excited to see what fans do."
“A revolutionary aspect of Prophet is how it leverages past successful patches to learn new ones,” says Eran Yahav, an associate professor of computer science at the Technion in Israel. “It relies on the insight that despite differences between software projects, fixes — patches — applied to projects often have commonalities that can be learned from. Using machine learning to learn from ‘big code’ holds the promise to revolutionize many programming tasks — code completion, reverse-engineering, et cetera.”
Though usability is an ongoing concern (among others), the most pressing technological issue that stands in the way of mainstream adoption is scalability. Blockchain technology works. We have a “proof of concept” for the industry. However, the security and immutability of blockchains create some inherent inefficiencies when attempting to scale them for mainstream adoption. Two of the most important solutions proposed are the Lightning Network for Bitcoin and the Raiden Network for Ethereum. Both of these projects, if implemented well, could aid in the ultimate goal of increasing throughput to and beyond the levels of current payment processors (Amex, Visa, etc). Both have promised implementation in 2018. Also, there are other non-blockchain distributed ledger projects, such as IOTA and Hashgraph that attempt to solve the scalability problem of blockchains.
By all means, make money on the speculation. But always remember that the true, driving factor of sustainable price growth is universal adoption. It is important to constantly check the news and follow projects you believe in on social media. In 2018, the implementation and follow through of promises (particularly relating to scalability) made in 2017 will be critical to firmly legitimizing the crypto industry’s place in the world markets and proving the naysayers wrong, once and for all.
On December 16, Chancellor Schober and President Michael Hainisch signed the Treaty of Lana, promising to honor the Treaty of Saint-Germain, to refrain from interfering in Czechoslovak internal affairs, and to remain neutral in the event on an attack on Czechoslovakia by a third party. Their counterparts, Tomáš Masaryk and Edvard Beneš, made equivalent promises in return. They also promised to put in a good word for Austria in London and Paris and, in fact, committed to a generous loan themselves. From the point of view of Schober, the treaty was a great success. Austria had given away nothing that had not long been lost already, and the symbolic gesture had been handsomely rewarded. From the point of view of the People's Party, the treaty was tantamount to treason. Austria had further reduced its chances of ever joining Germany and had sold out the Sudeten Germans to boot.
Dissatisfied by the new constitution and in financial straits due to a crisis in the Austrian banking sector that had toppled one of its main donors, the Heimwehr decided that the way forward was to increase the pressure again. A Heimwehr rally in Korneuburg on May 18 culminated in de facto declaration of war on the Republic, a firm promise of armed insurrection. One of the leaders of the radical element in the Heimwehr at the time was Waldemar Pabst, a German national. Schober had Pabst deported.
Both Schober and Curtius knew that the Allies would not permit the union. France in particular would be vehemently opposed; the French were worried that German economic recovery would lead to renewed German military dominance. France, however, was known to be hatching its own plans for European economic unification, to be negotiated under the auspices of the League of Nations. Schober and Curtius hoped they would be able to convince Paris to permit their customs union in the context of these negotiations. They resolved to keep their agreement secret for the time being. When the agreement was leaked, France, as predicted, immediately vetoed it. Germany and Austria considered implementing the customs union anyway, but the sudden implosion of the Creditanstalt in May laid these plans to rest. The Creditanstalt was Austria's largest bank and controlled two thirds of its remaining industry. To prevent the total collapse of its economy, Austria now needed an immediate cash infusion in an amount that the struggling Reich was unable to muster. France agreed to help, on the condition that the customs union be abandoned and that Austria agree to have its finances audited by the League of Nations; Austria would also have to promise to implement whatever restructuring measures the League would subsequently recommend.
“If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken. Every day is going to be a fight," Bannon had said earlier this year. "That is the promise of Donald Trump.”
As you can see, with the exception of a couple style issues (ExxonMobil becomes Exxon Mobil, and U.S. Gulf Coast becomes United States Gulf Coast) and one missing word (expansion), those two paragraphs mirror each other verbatim. Perhaps most important, however, is the last line shared by both: “Investments began in 2013 and are expected to continue through at least 2022.” In other words, the domestic investment the White House claims is evidence of Trump delivering on his campaign promises actually began under President Obama.
Evangelize. Become a change agent by asking what the business can do differently and how the organization’s mission can be better served. Understand the implications of the “what” and “how” so you don’t oversimplify the migration effort or promise too much. Vendors and partners can provide benchmarks and scenarios for use cases to help you understand the potential business impact of making foundational changes. Examples from competitors and other industries are helpful, but use cases for your own business are even better.
Founders and investors, felt Gururaj, are rationalising and defending these extraordinary valuations by arguing that they see some exceptional promise in these startups. “The more grounded among us read that as ample evidence of a frothy bubble-like environment,” he said.
>>>>Ah, Serbs, is there anything they can't do?<<<< Sure there is. When Nikola Tesla started working for Edison, Edison promised Tesla 50,000 dollars, which is about one million dollars in today's term, if he would make inventions for him. Tesla did, and then when he asked for his payment Edison laughed and told him that he "did not understand our American sense of humor". Dusko Popov also did not understand American sense of humor and he did not figure out that Edgar J. Hoover was perhaps the biggest American joke of the 20th century.
Rail, Tram and Bus Union divisional secretary Chris Preston said the Government had reneged on a promise made in December 2016 that existing contracts would continue for five years.
Deciding why it failed in Vermont is key to whether you buy into the candidate’s promise to extend the program nationwide.
Elections came and went, including Shumlin’s own 2014 reelection, which was so close Vermont law required the final decision to go to the legislature after Shumlin failed to win a majority of the vote in November. As the state waited for the legislature to take up the election results, Shumlin announced that he would not pursue single payer after all when the long-awaited financial projections showed “the promise and the peril” of a single-payer system. The promise, of course, was a chance to give nearly every Vermonter reliable access to quality health care.
The government promised in the 2013 throne speech to complete the memorial, which now is set to cost $5.5 million with the federal government providing about $3 million. Tribute to Liberty, the group behind the memorial, must raise the remainder.
Before he ran for president, Trump promised he’d release his tax returns if he indeed ran for office. When he ran, he said he’d release them after the Internal Revenue Service finished its “audit.” Now that he’s president, his adviser Kellyanne Conway announced he won’t ever release them because “people didn’t care.” Conway then reversed course to say maybe he will release them after the audit after all, and she’s probably one more TV interview away from claiming he already released them and “every tax expert said they were tremendous.”
With the strong network of quality suppliers and logistic partners, we were able to deliver. We specialize in end-to-end supply chain management, ensuring that products and services promised and agreed will be fulfilled to our clients and customers globally.
In Part One – Simon Mooncalf (my re-read is post here), Simon has a relatively normal life (thinking about girls, dreaming about battles, trying to sneak off to join the army) until being apprenticed to Morgenes. Reference is made to Simon’s birth to an unknown father, and a promise made by Morgenes to keep the boy safe.
In other words, the US will personally work with India to get them the goods (nuke energy technologies and fuel) and in return India promises to abide by all the major rules of the NPT (especially the ‘no proliferating’ part) and the IAEA—International Atomic Energy Agency—would also be participating to do inspections and enforce the rules.
Fifteen years after the scandal broke, holding bishops accountable remains a fraught issue for the church. Francis had promised to go after bishops but backed off a proposed Vatican tribunal to prosecute them and opted instead to use existing measures.
First, its proponents must be willing to apply the position consistently, which would also morally forbid controversial forms of killing such as capital punishment or killing in wartime. But it would also forbid forms of killing that seem intuitively reasonable, such as killing in self-defense. To accept the sanctity of life argument seems to require endorsing a thoroughgoing pacifism. Secondly, the sanctity of life view must hold that life itself, wholly independent of the happiness of the individual whose life it is, is valuable. Many philosophers reject the notion that life is intrinsically valuable, since it suggests, e.g., that there is value in keeping alive an individual in a persistent vegetative state simply because she is biologically alive. It would also suggest that a life certain to be filled with limitless suffering and anguish is valuable just by virtue of being a human life. Peter Singer (1994) and others have argued against the sanctity of life position on the grounds that the value of a continuing life is not intrinsic but extrinsic, to be judged on the basis of the individual’s likely future quality of life. If the value of a person’s continued life is measured by its likely quality, then suicide may be permissible when that quality is low (see section 3.5) (This is not to suggest that quality of life assessments are straightforward or uncontroversial. See Hayry 1991 for discussion). Finally, it is not obvious that adequate respect for the sanctity of human life prohibits ending a life, whether by suicide or other means. Those who engage in suicidal behavior when their future promises to be extraordinarily bleak do not necessarily exhibit insufficient regard for the sanctity of life (Dworkin 1993, 238). To end one’s life before its natural end is not necessarily an insult to the value of life. Indeed, it may be argued that suicide may be life-affirming in those circumstances where medical or psychological conditions reduce individuals to shadows of their former fully capable selves (Cholbi 2002).
In addition, there is a less recognized undercurrent of religious thought that favors suicide. For example, suicide permits us to reunite with deceased loved ones, allows those who have been absolved of sin to assure their entrance to heaven, and releases the soul from the bondage of the body. In both Christian and Asian religious traditions, suicide holds the promise of a vision of, or union with, the divine (Pabst Battin 1996, 53–64).
Suicide also raises other normative questions that are not obviously moral, such as how suicide may contribute to or detract from the meaningfulness of an individual’s life. For the twentieth century existentialists, suicide was not a choice to be made mainly by appeal to moral considerations but by analyzing whether suicide is an appropriate response to the absurdity or meaninglessness of the world and of human endeavor. Albert Camus illustrated this absurdity in his philosophical essay The Myth of Sisyphus. For Camus, Sisyphus heroically does not try to escape his absurd task of endlessly and futilely pushing a rock up a mountain, but instead perseveres and in so doing resists the lure of suicide. Suicide, Camus contends, tempts us with the promise of an illusory freedom from the absurdity of our existence, but is in the end an abdication of our responsibility to confront or defy that absurdity head on (Campbell and Collinson 1988, 61–70). Jean-Paul Sartre was likewise struck by the possibility of suicide as an assertion of authentic human will in the face of absurdity. Suicide represents, according to Sartre, an opportunity to stake out our understanding of our essence as individuals in a godless world. Questions of whether a life saturated with pain or suffering can be meaningful have also played a part in recent debates about the justification of assisted suicide (Little 1999, Varelius 2013).
At last I was granted permission to come to Washington and bring my friend Yellow Bull and our interpreter with me. I am glad I came. I have shaken hands with a good many friends, but there are some things I want to know which no one seems able to explain. I cannot understand how the Government sends a man out to fight us, as it did General [Nelson] Miles, and then breaks his word. Such a government has something wrong about it. I cannot understand why so many chiefs are allowed to talk so many different ways, and promise so many different things. I have seen the Great Father Chief (President [Rutherford B.] Hayes); the Next Great Chief (Secretary of the Interior [Carl Schurz]); the Commissioner Chief; the Law Chief; and many other law chiefs (Congressmen) and they all say they are my friends, and that I shall have justice, but while all their mouths talk right I do not understand why nothing is done for my people. I have heard talk and talk but nothing is done. Good words do not last long unless they amount to something. Words do not pay for my dead people. They do not pay for my country now overrun by white men. They do not protect my father's grave. They do not pay for my horses and cattle. Good words do not give me back my children. Good words will not make good the promise of your war chief, General Miles. Good words will not give my people good health and stop them from dying. Good words will not give my people a home where they can live in peace and take care of themselves. I am tired of talk that comes to nothing. It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises. There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk. Too many misinterpretations have been made; too many misunderstandings have come up between the white men and the Indians. If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian be can live in peace. There need be no trouble. Treat all men alike. Give them the same laws. Give them all an even chance to live and grow. All men were made by the same Great Spirit Chief They are all brothers. The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. You might as well expect all rivers to run backward as that any man who was born a free man should be contented penned up and denied liberty to go where he pleases. If you tie a horse to a stake, do you expect he will grow fat? If you pen an Indian up on a small spot of earth and compel him to stay there, he will not be contented nor will he grow and prosper. I have asked some of the Great White Chiefs where they get their authority to say to the Indian that he shall stay in one place, while he sees white men going where they please. They cannot tell me.
"President Trump kept his promise to roll back one of the most harmful acts of overreach by the Obama administration — the so-called Clean Power Plan," she said. "I was honored to join the President for the signing of this Executive Order, and I look forward to continuing working with the Trump administration to advance environmentally responsible policies that grow the economy — not kill jobs."
As Terlson notes, “For the most part you don’t have to worry about the fact that you’re calling an asynchronous API; you just await it and go about your day. If the promise is rejected you get an exception thrown by async, so you can write asynchronous code that looks like synchronous code and handle errors with normal synchronous imperative code.”
You still have refactoring to do. “When you make a function an async function, code that calls it gets a promise instead of a value, so you do need to change the calling code to async as well, and await the result.” But that’s far easier to do with async because the code itself is less complex. “You can even await non-promises. There are some APIs that return promises but sometimes if they know a value synchronously they just return it, so if you await the API result the right thing will happen.”
Being able to write code using these familiar, synchronous patterns while getting all the benefits of asynchrony “greatly simplifies writing code for dynamic and responsive web applications” said Ihsanullah. He suggests thinking of it as a “syntactic wrapper over JavaScript promises and generators” and points out that “understanding these features will greatly facilitate a developer’s understanding of async” and “experience with promises is probably mandatory.”
Understanding that async and its related function await is based on generators and promises will help you deal with more complex asynchronous code, he said. “Await currently only allows waiting on one thing a time. A developer recognizing that these async functions are promises, however, could then use await Promise.all(…) to wait on several actions.”
At one point, async seemed a slightly controversial proposal. “There was some concern around whether blessing promises as the async pattern is the right choice or something more like tasks that could swap out other things under the covers,” Terlson explained. But at that stage there hadn’t been many implementations beyond Microsoft’s Edge browser (starting as an experimental feature in Edge 13.10547 back in September 2015 and moving to an unprefixed version in the Windows Insider preview build 14986).
Plus, explained Ihsanullah, JavaScript needed those building blocks of async: promises and generators. “While promises, by virtue of being implementable in JavaScript, have been usable in browsers for a few years, generators are a more recent addition to the language.” And getting the syntax to reflect the way developers use functions is important. “It started with arrows. Then generators. And now async functions. To the standards committee and to the community, ergonomics of the language matters.”
Browsers and transpilers aren’t the only place async needs to be supported for it to become mainstream of course; frameworks and libraries also need to support it. “If you want to write async style code but you have a bunch of frameworks that weren’t written in that style, those frameworks are still going to do callbacks,” he points out. “Async works fantastically if you have a promise based library that you’re coding against. Often, though, libraries are not promise-based and then you have to promisify them or find a promisified version of that same functionality. That will be the challenge, because that’s the glue that connects you from the callback to the async world.”
Expect that to take time to happen. “As with anything, it’s not happening overnight but there’s going to be an increasingly gradual shift and modern frameworks getting written now will use promises for all their async — and that means it will be a lot easier to consume them with async code. It’s going to be this wave that slowly washes over as opposed to something that happens overnight.”
By finding hidden mutators inside the game, you will unlock the option to customize the game as you see fit! Enable mutators like: $15,000+ At this point, we have jam-packed our game with as much content as possible. We promise to keep updating the game into the foreseeable future. Thank you very much guys; to think we ever hit $15,000!
Last month, the Republican front-runner expressed outrage over President Obama’s decision to restore Mount McKinley’s name back to Denali, its indigenous Alaskan name. Trump promised to reverse that decision if elected president, saying it was a “great insult to Ohio” that the Alaskan Mountain was no longer named after the Ohio-born former president, who had never been to Alaska.
At a cost of about $3,000 per person, it promises the chance to meet Israeli soldiers and officers, undercover collaborators, cabinet ministers and to “observe a trial of Hamas terrorists in an IDF military court.”
Unsurprisingly this promised rogues gallery also includes “briefings by Mossad officials and commanders of the Shin Bet.”
Hungry, tired, and struggling to make ends meet, she began tweeting at Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman. .@jeremys please let me earn a living wage. I promise I'll watch all your vlogs. just let me be able to pay my rent.
Luckily, around that same time a dear friend invited me to a Bible study at her house. I was beyond reluctant, but I went anyway – probably because someone promised brownies. The people in that group never made me feel like a dumbass for my Bible-idiocy. Like, I practically lost my nut when someone pointed out that the Bible had a Table of Contents, right there in front (Who knew?!), but nobody acted like I was a moron for not knowing that. That group would continue to walk with me, slowly and carefully, through the pages of the Bible for years to come. They became the friends who would guide me past the weird stuff I’d gotten hung up on in my first foray and on to other themes, good stuff, like Grace and Mercy and Hope. It was with that same group of spiritual caretakers that I would first read through the Gospels, hear from James and Paul, and learn the plight of the early church. And from those fellow lovers of Jesus, I would come to understand the Bible as one whole story, with its greatest message being the sum of its parts… even the weird parts.
*** Which party is more comfortable debating Ryan and his plan? Here’s another question to ponder: By picking Ryan, are Romney and the Republicans playing on their turf? Or on the Democrats’ turf? On the one hand, the Romney-Ryan ticket will double down on the argument that Obama and the Democrats have failed when it comes to the deficit/debt. After all, the deficit was $1.4 trillion in FY ’09; $1.3 trillion in ’10; $1.5 trillion in ’11 (projected); and $1.1 trillion in ’12 (projected). On the other hand, Obama and the Democrats have been DYING to turn the presidential contest into a race against House Republicans. And guess what: Romney just selected a House Republican to be his running mate. As one of us wrote over the weekend, Obama has already delivered three big speeches in the past two years taking aim at House Republicans and the Ryan budget. “It’s a vision that says if our roads crumble and our bridges collapse, we can’t afford to fix them,” Obama said during his April 2011 speech at George Washington University. “If there are bright young Americans who have the drive and the will but not the money to go to college, we can’t afford to send them… It’s a vision that says America can’t afford to keep the promise we’ve made to care for our seniors.” Obama’s other two speeches were in Kansas (in Dec. 2011) and at the AP luncheon (in April 2012).
From here, they went on to play an unnamed song from their upcoming album, followed by “No Shelter”. When they played “Never Coming Home” the audience swayed, arm in arm, and when they played “Your Heart Is A Muscle” the crowd turned into a rowdy, overjoyed mob, screaming along with the songs titular promise of hope.
But here’s the thing: when Luckey says all he wants to do is to see VR exist, he seems to mean it. On his Twitter feed, he regularly endorses rival products: the new, more powerful Playstation earned a “This is good for VR!”, even though it was designed for Sony's competitor headset. In the early days of Oculus, Luckey planned to sell the blueprints to the Rift for enthusiasts to build themselves. Even after all this time, he appears to feel the same way. He’s heading towards the promised land of science-fiction, where all conflicts will be resolved and we will have freedom to do whatever we want.
Konami was criticised, however, for its failure to deliver the promised player transfers in the game's first Data Pack, leading to frustration from fans upset with the game's outdated rosters.
Earlier this week, EFF Senior Counsel David Sobel co-authored an article in the National Law Journal documenting – yet again – the Obama administration’s failure to live up to its promise of openness and transparency.
While the Obama administration continues to tout its transparency accomplishments, the authors noted that, “[a]s attorneys who each have more than 30 years' experience litigating FOIA cases in the federal courts, our assessment is decidedly less rosy.” In particular, the article faulted the Department of Justice (DOJ) for the “breadth of situations in which DOJ will fight to maintain official secrecy,” even in spite of a clear promise from Attorney General Holder to only defend FOIA withholdings when disclosure was clearly prohibited or would produce actual harm.
Three years ago, we rejoiced when President Obama re-established important open-government tenets, and his new attorney general promised DOJ would vigorously enforce the law's public disclosure requirements. Unfortunately, we are still waiting to see that promise fulfilled.
It's very probable that his talk of needing to do something with the business, at the very least to go through the motions of guarding against conflicts of interest by putting it in the hands of his children, will go the same way as the promised release of his tax returns - America, don't hold your breath.
The administration’s various and conflicting responses to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal are a case in point. The deal, one of the Obama administration’s major triumphs, requires Iran to curb its nuclear activities in return for a lifting of economic sanctions. During the campaign, President Trump called it “one of the worst deals I’ve ever seen” and promised to tear it up or renegotiate it if he won the election. Last week, however, a letter from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, signaled Mr. Trump’s intention to stick to the deal.
Groundwater in mining regions has been tainted by wastewater pumped into the ground, where it seeps into wells. In 2010, Mr. Manchin, then governor, sued the Environmental Protection Agency over tougher water pollution rules for coal mines that blasted mountain tops and dumped debris into valley watersheds. The current governor, Earl Ray Tomblin, promised the day before the spill in his State of the State address to “never back down from the E.P.A.”
It was only a matter of days, though, until the firestorm of public and congressional outrage over Cox’s firing forced Nixon to reverse course and promise to obey court orders that compelled his release of eight tape recordings. We returned to our office and were reunited with our files, and a new special prosecutor, Leon Jaworski, was soon appointed to lead the Watergate inquiry. Amid all the furor—which didn’t end there—the public correctly asked the question “What was Nixon hiding?” The answer was not long in coming: a lot. The tapes proved Nixon was not only a liar, but also an early leader of a plot to obstruct the investigation of those who organized and financed the DNC break-in. Nixon’s choice was either to face the music—likely impeachment, conviction, and removal from office—or resign.
Mr. Trump campaigned on a promise to bring back waterboarding, a banned method previously used by C.I.A. interrogators, and allow unspecified practices he called “a hell of a lot worse.” The president-elect said in an interview last week that he had heard compelling arguments that torture was not effective, though it is not clear whether he intends to retreat from his position.
His promise will make the Prime Minister feel even more comfortable in his position.
As an All-American in college and the first overall pick of the 1999 NFL Draft, Tim Couch was supposed to bring the Cleveland Browns to the promised land. Unfortunately, injuries were the story of Couch’s career, as he showed flashes of greatness, but was never able to perform at a top level consistently.
Delhi's divisional commissioner Vijay Dev admitted that such irregularities had come to light and promised prompt and severe action.
Computational narratology is a fast-evolving field, motivated in part by the surge in popular interest in interactive games and entertainment and their promise of offering engaging narratives with life-like characters. The pervasiveness of computer technology and digital media in everyday life and cultural activity has substantially raised expectations about their future involvement. The advent of the new millennium has accordingly seen a spate of books, journal articles and conferences on topics related to this subject.
Here I will review the new wireless G900 Chaos Spectrum mouse by Logitech.This mouse is the new top of the line mouse Logitech offers, featuring the PMW3366, the best sensor currently available and a wireless connection that is claimed to be faster than competitors wired connections. It also is customizable in the layout of the sidebuttons, allowing you to have them on the left side, right side or none at all. So let’s jump right in and see what the mouse also offers.First things first, the boxing. Logitech steps away from their small, simple boxes that were used for the G302/3, G402 and G502 and now has a box that reminds me of the Mionix Castor box in a way, at least after removing the sleeve.What's included:Box:Promo Picture with the button optionsThe G900 is an ambidextrous mouse with a shape that is more bulky than a Sensei in the back and just a bit flatter than the ZA11. It has an overall higher profile than both of these. To me it looks kind of like an ambi G402, but the G900 feels bigger in my hand than the G402 overall.Weight: 107 grams (mouse only)Length: 130mmWidth: 67mmEstimated width at grip position: 58mmHeight: 40mmNumber of buttons: 6-11Some comparison pictures with different miceTo my hand the G900 is the best Logitech shape so far, mainly because I highly favor ambidextrous designs and also because its sides are more rounded than previous mice. My grip on it is more of a palm grip I guess, because my palm lies on the mouse while I curl my finger just ever so slightly to be in the best position to actuate the buttons. This is how I hold the G900My hand is around 20 cm from the tip of my middle finger to the base.My thoughts on the shape are mainly positive as stated above, however there is one point of critique for me, which is the gap between the mouse buttons and the mouse body. If you look at previous Logitech mice like the G402 and G502 you’ll see that they had a ledge to the sides of the buttons, so does my beloved ZA11 and FK1. Those ledges prevent my ring finger from getting in between the button and the shell. With the G900 this isn’t a huge problem, because under no circumstances did my finger block me from actuating m2, but it’s still irritating my finger.I also think the mouse would look better without the gap.Other than the gap there is nothing I would change about the shape of this mouse. It does not need to be wider because the height of the mouse offers enough support for my grip, similar to how the ZA11 offers a better grip over the FK1 for me.Of course shape is completely individual preference, so everyone has to try for himself in the end.Regarding the weight: this mouse feels light, especially wireless but also with the cable. However it is not as light as a FinalMouse or even a Zowie ZA11, which has to be expected if you have a 15g battery inside of it. But for anyone who played with a Deathadder or Rival or any similar mouse in that range for a longer time: the G900 feels lighter than that definitely.I’ll keep this short, as there is nothing bad to say at all about the G900 sensor performance. It works perfectly fine in any configuration. Of course the jitter test at 12000 cpi looks horrible, but that is mainly because the physical movements for that are soooo tiny.All the following tests are done wireless!The real cpi for each setting can be seen in the mouse tester print.400 CPI, 1000Hz, wirelesscl_showpos 1 shows the angular displacement, after every swipe back and forth I reset to "setang 0 0". Horizontal displacements are as follows:0.280.200.440.44Sensitivity in game is 1.833, roughly 60cm/360, the swipes covered a distance of about 45cm.I think those values speak for themselves, considering how big of a movement I make the angular error is almost non existant.LOD is under 1CD, so less than 1.2mm without any surface tuning.The battery lifetime is stated to be 32h without leds on run-to-die, which seems to be accurate. In my tests I recorded how long the battery lasts in normal gameplay (at the time I just bought FarCry 4 and was playing that) and one full charge with leds breathing lasted 34h.The mouse goes into sleep mode after 30 minutes of inactivity, after that it’s a very short time to wake it up (less than half a second) and have immediate full functionality again.As I have no means to accurately test the wireless functionality other than “it never failed me at all” I’ll post some comparative tests that Logitech did. So be sure to take this with a grain of salt, but I have no reason to assume anything about this was doctored. I’ve seen the anechoic chamber they have in Lausanne first hand, so they are definitely capable of doing said tests.If you know the G303 buttons then you know the G900 buttons, but the G900 feels even better to me because I don’t need to curl my fingers as much. All the buttons click excellently, even the sidebuttons feel nice and crisp.Here’s a picture of the pre-tensioning spring for the main buttonsThe scroll wheel as the same free scroll functionality as the G502 wheel, but this time the wheel is much lighter. Yet you can still make it spin for 10 seconds easily with a flick of the finger, so it keeps the benefits without the negatives. If you use the scroll in normal mode it has very defined clicks, I never once had a misscroll with this wheel in all the months I tested it.Regarding the cable: of course you don’t really need it, but if you have to use it you can be sure that the cable is a very good one, to me it’s an improvement over the G502 cable. It’s almost like a Zowie cable but braided. So even there Logitech did not cheap out.The overall build quality is as good as it gets. The material used feels awesome to the hand, it offers a good grip for sweaty and dry conditions, it doesn’t scratch easily and fingerprints do not show on it. Everything about this mouse feels like quality.If you want to be nitpicky then it should be noted that the main buttons can be move a bit left and right if try to do that, but this does not happen when holding the mouse in a regular way and it is only because of the mechanical pivot key design.If there were ledges to the side of the main buttons this wouldn’t happen either, but I guess there needs to be a negative to any mouse.I think it’s obvious that my feelings towards the G900 are generally very positive. This mouse delivers on all its promises in a stunning fashion. The shape is great, the weight is relatively low, the performance is through the roof…Anything that could be criticized with this mouse is down to personal preference, but objectively this is the best you can get right now.In this review so far I’ve only focused on the performance aspects really, I didn’t even go into customization options or software. I might add this later on.
Thus, nearly all of the passengers flying between the two nations were – and continue to be – Americans. Indeed, restrictions still imposed by the Castro regime block most Cubans from flying north, even if their American family members pay for the tickets. And most of those Americans flying to Cuba are, and likely will be for the foreseeable future, Cuban Americans traveling to visit family and friends who still live on the island. As leisure, rather than business travelers, they can be expected to be very price sensitive, a factor that promises to make it even more difficult for U.S. carriers to earn profits from their Cuban routes.
From the very beginning, Oregon promised a “one-stop shop” for health insurance and, for better or worse, has refused to waiver. That means the state is seeking an entirely automated process for determining Medicaid eligibility and enrolling.
In addition to optimizing multiple graphics APIs, like OpenCL 2.0, OpenVX 1.1, and Vulkan, the chip tech also promises 70%-90% gaming density improvement - a boon to more demanding games on mobile devices.
Jibo promises a sense of humor. With built-in cameras, it can recognize you and learn from you over time. It might ask for your favorite color and factor that in when it presents information.
Building quality software is never easy. It requires skills and imagination. We cannot promise to improve your skills, but when it comes to User Interface, we can provide the building blocks to take your application a step closer to your imagination. Explore the leading UI suites for ASP.NET and Windows Forms. Enjoy the versatility of our new-generation Reporting Tool. Dive into our online community. Visit www.telerik.com.
The number of civil servants to be suspended on partial pay will rise to 30,000 by the end of this year, from 20,000 planned initially. They will receive 60% of pay for one year, having been promised a job for life.
After a four-day manhunt involving several local and federal law enforcement departments, the suspect in the shooting death of New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw was taken into custody without incident early Tuesday morning.A SWAT team moved in on a house on Ladora Way, a short alley in Pittsburgh's Hazelwood section, and ordered 29-year-old Rahmael Holt to come out shortly before 5:30 a.m.They were coming from left, right, behind the house, sides of houses," witness Kristina Jackson said. "They were everywhere -- U.S. marshals, feds, everybody."Download the WTAE app to stay updated with breaking news alerts.Police have not said who lives in the home where Holt was found. An unidentified man was ordered to come outside with Holt, according to the witness."The officers told them to come to the doorway, and one guy came. He came off the porch. (An officer) told him to lift up his shirt and walk down the steps," Jackson said. "He lifted up his shirt, walked down the steps, and he told him, OK, get down the steps, lock your hands behind your head. He did that. They pulled him over to the side of the SWAT truck. The other guy came out, they told him to do the same exact thing. He did it, locked his hands, and they took him too.""I'm definitely relieved. It could have been way worse. If there was a lot of guns or anything, it could have been a very bad incident. Especially if he would have came out or resisted in any way shape or form, it could have been way worse."An FBI evidence response team spent hours searching the house after Holt's arrest. It was not clear if they found the gun that was used to kill Shaw.Holt, of Natrona Heights, was arraigned in front of New Kensington District Judge Frank Pallone and denied bond. He was taken to the Westmoreland County Prison to await a preliminary hearing on charges of murder of a law enforcement officer and firearms violations.During his arraignment, Holt said he wanted a private attorney. He did not respond to questions from reporters as police officers walked him out of the courtroom.Online dockets show that felony charges of hindering apprehension have been filed against Holt's mother, Sherry Holt, 47, of East Pittsburgh, and his cousin, Marcel Mason, and Mason's girlfriend, Aysa Benson, both 29 and of Duquesne. Police say all three were in contact with the suspect while he remained at large over the weekend.Immediately following Shaw's death, investigators were consumed with the task of finding Rahmael Holt. Police Chief Jim Klein said the department will now get back to normal business as it continues to deal with the loss of Shaw, 25, who had been on the force less than a year."I want the city of New Kensington residents to know that soon they will be seeing us back on the street," an emotional Klein said at a news conference announcing Holt's arrest. "We will be the ones coming to your door and knocking when you're reporting that barking dog complaint. We will be the ones coming and knocking on your door when you're reporting any type of incident going on in the city. We will be back."Police said that Shaw attempted a traffic stop on Leishman Avenue at about 8 p.m. Friday, which led to a foot pursuit of Holt, who they said was a passenger in the vehicle. Shots were fired during the foot chase, and Shaw was fatally wounded, police said.Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Holt was fleeing toward a parking lot when he fired about six shots, and Shaw, wearing a bulletproof vest, was shot multiple times. It doesn't appear that Shaw returned fire, Peck said.The alleged driver, Tavon Harper, 27, left the scene and was later arrested at his home in New Kensington, police said. He faces drug and fleeing charges, but is not charged in connection with Shaw's death.A police procession escorted Shaw's body to Rusiewicz Funeral Homes of Lower Burrell, where visitation was scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. A funeral Mass was set for 10 a.m. Wednesday at Mount St. Peter Church in New Kensington."Thank you to the citizens of New Kensington. Our officers are dedicated to providing the best possible service to protect you and keep you safe," Klein said. "There is no better example than Officer Brian Shaw, who gave his life serving his community. I promise you that our officers will continue to serve with the same honor that Brian did, the same dedication and professional service that you guys expect and you guys will receive."
She led with a promise to help poor minority children in the so-called “corridor of shame”, a stretch of dilapidated schools along South Carolina’s I-95 corridor. That was something Obama made a benchmark of his 2008 campaign when he beat her in 44 of the state’s 46 counties.
Clinton is not making that mistake again – now it’s she who is at the forefront of the issue. “This victory tonight is for the parents and teachers in South Carolina. They showed me crumbling classrooms,” Clinton said to cheers. And she promised the federal government would work with state actors to give children the “education they deserve”.
On 26 July, Tunisia closed such loopholes while passing a landmark law which aims to eliminate violence against women. Meanwhile, on 1 August, the lower house of Jordan’s parliament approved a repeal, now set to go to the upper house and the king before becoming law. And in Lebanon on 16 August a law was repealed that not only allowed rapists to escape prosecution by marriage, but also included loopholes for offences relating to sex with children aged 15-17 and seducing virgin girls into having sex with the promise of marriage.
Feminism never promised women that life would be easy— that there wouldn’t be hard choices and massive trade-offs. It never said that the corporate lawyer who hasn’t had a weekend off in four months wouldn’t at times gaze longingly at the hipster mom knitting a smartphone cozy while her kids play in the park. It merely said she should be free to make her own decisions—and even mistakes—because she’s smart enough to find her own way.
So when people ask me if I voted or not, I have no shame in saying that I took no part in the political process. I have voted a single time during the democratic primary for current President Barak Obama. I did so because I had the faintest belief that perhaps the man would be a change, god knows that’s what he preached about all the time. But once again we will see with swift indignation, that regardless of your opinion of the man he was no different than any president before him. For every promise he has kept, he has compromised with opponents that those who voted for him see only as fools and bigots.
A 63-year-old man was also arrested and charged with trafficking drugs and contraband cigarettes. He was released on a promise to appear in court at a later date.
Taken together, this array of problems — new rivalries and alignments emboldening jihadist attackers, popular disillusionment with the government, lack of resources to shore up the promises of peace in the north, entrenched criminal networks and signs of spreading ultraconservative Islamist influence — threaten to undermine the hopeful moment created by the peace accords signed in June.
It is also claimed Real promised Bale would not make any negative comments about Spurs or club chairman Daniel Levy.
In sum, economic analysis can provide a useful assessment of the costs and benefits of national size. And, overall, the costs to secede have gone down. However, the final choice regarding borders depends on citizens’ preferences. And such preferences are based not only on economic costs and benefits, but tend to involve other dimensions, such as culture and identity. In fact, the formation of new countries makes sense only when reflecting the preferences of most people concerned. Scotland did go in the right direction, allowing a democratic vote of its citizens. Scots did decide to remain in Britain, in large part because they were promised greater autonomy from London. However, as already mentioned, the UK continues to face the prospect of a breakup in the longer run, which can probably be averted only through a major reorganization of all populations involved, not only in Scotland but also in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. As part of such reorganization, as already mentioned, we expect that it will be important to reach a new and stable equilibrium regarding the permanence of the UK in the EU. In other terms, the stability of the UK is linked to the stability of the European Union. The situation in Spain seems to be even more complex, and potentially even more dangerous, because of a worrisome lack of cooperation and trust between Madrid and Barcelona.
In an ideal world, if the benefits exceed the costs from being united, those who want a larger state should compensate those who would prefer to leave. But this is much easier in theory than in practice. It is politically difficult for a central government to make credible promises to various minority groups without alienating the majority. British Prime Minister Cameron and his government, which promised so much to Scotland to avoid secession, already face this dilemma.
So, rather than a public-health crisis, we are left with miffed, on-a-budget tourists with a story to tell, a hotel that will likely go under from the bad publicity, and yet another grim, unexplainable death, once again of a young person drawn to the flash and eternal promise of L.A. only to find a boulevard of broken dreams—the one true Hollywood ending, one we all have seen far too many times.
Visual Stress Clinic Although each eye sees a separate image, these images are blended in the brain into one single picture. The eyes are rarely completely straight. In most of us, they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing. If our eyes drift too much, this can cause headaches and discomfort, especially when reading. The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level. It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous. Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles. 'I want to see properly' Megan Slater, 15, is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school: "I want to be able to see properly - I don't want to be frustrated. WHAT TO LOOK FOR If your child is having difficulties at school, check if the following apply: They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading They complain of the print becoming blurry They find it easier to read on a coloured background They rub their eyes after reading for a while They often lose their place when reading aloud They often misread short words "When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry." Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university, studying biochemistry. "I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print," she said. "After 20 minutes I'd usually be asleep in the library, it was exhausting. "I've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results." Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed. The reason is that the condition isn't easily spotted in a routine eye test. You could have 20/20 vision and still have binocular instability. Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway, who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University, diagnosis is a problem. She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability. Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access. On the High Street, only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition. Funding is another key issue. Professor Bruce Evans, director of research at the Institute of Optometry, has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability. He said: "We have had sympathy from politicians, but so far no promises of proper funding for this. It has been a very frustrating process." Significant problem There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition. WHAT TO DO If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and/or Visual Stress (Mears-Irlen Syndrome: Get a regular eye test (they are free now on the NHS) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year, as their sight changes all the time If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses, or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test, ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively, ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems. "This is affecting a sizable number of our children," she said. "Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems, we should be campaigning in the streets about this." And the condition also runs in families, so if the problem isn't spotted, you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is. After all, how does a five-year-old child know how reading should feel? The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful. Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself, and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress, also known as Meares-Irlen Syndrome. Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms. And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself. According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems, as many as 80% appear to have binocular instability and/or visual stress. "When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population, it's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions" said Nadia. Edi Stark presents Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST.
Backers have put in over a million bucks for this robot to deliver high-tech voice recognition, object handling, and features similar to your personal computer, but it’s ability to fulfill its promises aren’t looking so good. Alpha 2 was demoed at CES 2016 during a CNET interview, and it pretty much failed at performing the promised features: voice recognition, dancing, and basic motor skills. The whole thing was caught on tape, and it’s pretty hard to watch without cringing into a raisin. Warning. Awkwardness ensues.
For a brief flashing moment even neutrals believed the hype and foresaw Balotelli, then only 21, keeping the promise he made to one day win the Ballon d'Or. Now 26, you would have thought his next move would be for the kind of money Gareth Bale or Paul Pogba commanded. Quite depressingly, his value has been in a downward spiral instead and he joins Nice for nothing. "Balotelli on a free is still paying over the odds by Nice," joked Jamie Carragher.
"We will not duck the tough issues, we will lead," Ryan promised Wednesday night. He mentioned leading and leadership eight times in his speech. But he'd better bone up on what leadership is all about. More than anything, "leadership" is about honesty.
Lenart: We did make the promise that 400 Days, and Season One, those choices are going to carry over. A thing that happens in both Season One and in 400 Days, those events, those choices that you made, they will figure into the story in possibly unexpected ways.
On top of that, we deliver the whole experience to up to 4 users wirelessly, removing the need for a pesky tether of cables that can disconnect a user from the immersion we are trying to maintain. The end result is so immersive, that your mammal brain knows it couldn't possibly be real, but your reptilian brain responds as though it is. This experience delivers the first steps to the promise of VR we all remember from the 90's, and it's only going to get better from here.
Cuomo has privately promised reformers that he will continue to press ethics reform legislation this session, but reform advocates say there’s not much of a window for it to actually pass. And they openly question whether he’s willing to risk his growing national profile to engage in a fight that will require him to utilize a tremendous amount of political capital. Some have even resigned themselves to the conclusion that comprehensive ethics reform won’t stand a chance until after the 2016 elections.
The president bristled when asked whether the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq contributed to ISIL’s rise and its violent rampage, and whether Iraq offers lessons as U.S. forces prepare to exit Afghanistan at the end of the year. Obama also sidestepped his renowned criticisms of the Iraq War, as well as his campaign promises to end it, as he declared he did at the end of 2011.
At the annual Fulbright Lecture in Oxford in June, Jack Matlock articulated the diplomat’s answer to this question of ‘who caused Putin.’ Matlock was himself a key figure in the end of the Cold War: he served as head of the Soviet Affairs desk on the National Security Council in the early 1980s and as Ambassador to the Soviet Union in the crucial years from 1987 to 1991. According to Matlock, the roots of the current crisis lie in the West’s mistaken conclusion in 1991 that ‘we won.’ In reality the end of the Cold War was negotiated through arms control deals, troop reduction agreements, the voluntary and peaceful dissolution of the Soviet empire, and the mutually agreed reunification of Germany. In the years that followed, however, as the myth of victory took hold, Western leaders repeatedly ignored vital Russian security interests, most importantly by permitting NATO’s eastward expansion. Assurances that such moves were of a defensive nature faded in Russian eyes when NATO conducted a bombing campaign against Serbia in 1999. Inclusive steps by Western powers such as permitting Russia’s entry into the World Trade Organisation did not outweigh a growing perception of anti-Russian aggression – witness, for example, the depth of the resistance that NATO’s plans for a ballistic missile defense system have prompted in Moscow. For Matlock, the West’s enthusiastic support of colour revolutions and its promises to put Georgia and Ukraine on a path toward NATO membership cemented the view in Russia that its interests were being systematically undermined. The pushback began with the invasion of Georgia in 2008 and dangerously escalated in Ukraine last year. In other words, for Matlock, ‘we caused Putin.’ The implication is that a correction of Western policies could ameliorate the current state of affairs.
Like Newton’s or Mendel’s or Rothman’s, an incontrovertible law seems to govern the reaction to acts of Islamic terrorism in the U.S. It runs something like this: If the perpetrators of terrorism are Muslims, the most pressing problem American authorities face is not Islamic terrorism; it’s anti-Muslim rhetoric/crime. Thus, as the nation reeled from the deadliest act of Islamic terrorism on American soil since September 11, Loretta Lynch declared her “greatest fear” to be the “incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric” in the U.S., and promised that her Justice Department would “take action” (though how, precisely, is a matter of dispute).
I don't find Smith allows enough batter for the number of sausages: it's too thin and, although it does rise, it doesn't put on the spectacular display of Grigson or the Prawn Cocktail Years' puddings. Nothing can match the batter from Hartley's Food in England though, which adapts a batter pudding recipe for toad in the hole, and whisks the egg whites to stiff peaks before folding them in. This rises over the sausages, completely encasing them, and creating something more akin to a toad cake – unusual, certainly, but not quite what my testers were hoping for when I promised them toad in the hole.
The American, Johnny Hayes, completed his circuit of the track without drama and promptly lodged an appeal. The Press Association however reported that he himself had received assistance as he entered the stadium and, after finishing third, Hefferon launches an objection against both Pietri and Hayes, though he promised to withdraw it if the Americans similarly withdrew theirs. In the end he withdrew it anyway, the Americans did not and Pietri was disqualified, a measure described by Sport Illustrato as “draconian and pitiless”. Jubilant Americans carried their man around the stadium on a table. “Wasn’t it great,” the US team manager, Mat Halpin, said. “We can forget what has gone before, although we will always feel that we have been unfairly treated.”
Hillary Clinton promised at a fundraiser Friday evening that her economic agenda would not add a penny to the national debt, which currently stands at $19.7 trillion.
The Democratic nominee often promise on the campaign stump that she will fund her White House agenda by going after the very wealthy.
Her promise to go after the very wealthy and crack down on Wall Street has drawn criticism from those who've noted she made millions of dollars giving closed-door speeches to top financial firms, including Goldman Sachs and Bank of America.
